come on take a walk tournament let's
here go be scared so we're here in East
Port of Spain Trinidad and when people
think of Trinidad usually they think of
steel pan drums carnival celebrations
and good times and turn it out self it's
a pretty rich country they've got plenty
of oil and gas deposits and the GDP per
capita here is eighteen thousand
unfortunately over the past 15 years
Trinidad sins murder rate go from about
a hundred a year to five hundred a year
and that's mostly dude off warring gang
factions in neighborhoods below me like
Lavin teal which fight ruthless turf
wars sometimes over just one block so
how do these gangs get so powerful many
of them have gotten intertwined in
politics doing favors for politicians
and receiving lucrative covering
contracts for Public Works and
construction projects meant to help
alleviate unemployment adding to that
Trinidad is only seven miles away from
Venezuela in the past few years it has
re-emerged as a major transshipment
point for drugs to West Africa and the
United States border patrol officers say
they found 732 pounds worth of cocaine a
recent bust in Virginia had over a
hundred million dollars worth of cocaine
that originated in Trinidad so much
cocaine we can't even tell you where we
shot this video while the drugs when we
stop and turn it out temporarily the
guns brought in as protection stay many
on the island think that corrupt
politicians and business leaders are
heavily involved and they say that this
culture of corruption and impunity
filters down to the street level or
do not fear the rule of law we're on our
way to meet how grieves a former actor
now turned community activist who works
with a lot of the local gangs he's one
of the few people who can move
throughout all territories how where are
we right now we're in Canada and this
community's been devastated by recent
fighting between the guns several
families have been moved out the
buildings have been condemned we could
see where walls have been broken long
bullet holes all throughout the
community was one gang there and some
years ago the gang broke into almost
five factions we unwritten murderous
rage and the boys will tell you that now
the kitchen is at war with the bedroom
Namie hip they have four people who they
grew up among they share the same house
almost once a week they'll be shooting
in the area and the government is
powerless to stop it powerless then just
not focus the government has tried a
number of tools to stop the violence
including curfews and anti-gang
legislation passed in 2011 that carries
a possible jail sentence of 20 years
just for being in a gang most of the
responsibility though falls on
Trinidad's in battle police force who
have been criticized recently for
extrajudicial killing and over
aggressive policing we went to meet up
with the Northeast Division Task Force
so this is an Uzi that these guys pulled
off a gangster about two nights ago
there's a shootout and they killed two
people we're about to go on patrol with
the Northeast Division Task Force and
turn that poor Spain for what we're told
they're sort of the baddest cops out
there right now and this is why because
they pull this off people that shoot at
them
our guide was inspector Roger Alexander
a large man with a fearsome reputation
well known as an officer not to be
trifled with so we been at the police
station for about five minutes they're
saying it was basically a quiet night a
call just went over a guy got shot six
times so we're heading out right now
with the task force to see what's going
on it
right now your city place to bury this
month everybody look up it's crazy that
was Friday night and there's nobody
exactly on the souls anything good up
here anything
we tried you see the shells right there
we do my dues are a lot over here right
at the scene of a shooting that just
happens we heard over the speaker that
the guy was shot six times blood and
shells everywhere it's pretty tense
around here we're being told not to get
too close but the inspector is a large
man and I'm gonna hide behind him in
case anything happens
so what happened I mean how do these
gangs just take control like this just
money drug yeah to war there are some
people calling themselves Rasta City
yeah and some is the Muslims trust the
city of Apollo many Muslims of a job -
so they're killing out each other back
and forth back and forth back there
welcome for some people near
and somebody has considered herself
community leaders but then those
community leaders say about getting jobs
roots building construction in the area
to help use them the government exactly
yeah what happened to is that wrong
instead of treating it only that we also
want the cheat we did not configure
aspect of detail these government
contracts for programs originally
created as a means of sharing Trinidad
and Tobago oil and gas wealth have
backfired and given way to corruption
working to strengthen the very gangs the
government is trying to rein in it's
making our job nine times harder because
long time when we knew all the Harris
was jobs and guns and these are common
do robberies and we say Ketchum well how
do you catch a man know who's getting
legal money it's a little more difficult
it's easy to hire two does it feel
sometimes like like you're fighting a
losing battle yeah honestly
the police are frustrated in this
country because a crime rate is going up
public confidence and policing is at an
all-time low on police don't get the
kind of respect that they would hope for
in a country and a lot of times the
police have been fingered in a lot of um
sort of unsavory practices as well the
traditional methods of law enforcement
aren't working as quickly they're not
coming up with much that's innovative
and then creative and there's a certain
level of frustration so what we see at
the end of the day sometimes is that the
criminals are pretty much shot dead
instead of going through the work to
bring them in alive to prosecute them
and to probably get that information to
beef up your intelligence to really
decimate the kind of organizations and
criminal units you're seeing on the
street we're not seeing that so I guess
shooting criminals and you know dead has
become the easy way out for lloyd for
someone the inspector wanted to show us
the house where his men killed two
alleged gangsters the night before smack
dab in the front lines of a raging gang
war
area if you call me any day it might for
me to a retailer see people running all
our bills
all right they know we kind of know
nonsense along that too so they don't
take my chances with us so would you
come here by yourself in this car you'd
only come with two or three other police
officer cars with you okay yeah all
right come over so other cops are the
other normal cops would they come here
by themselves no never huh
all right wait up there come on take a
walk tournament let's see what you got
should I be scared right now we're at
the borderline 11 - um sort of this
dividing line or there's gang war
between the Muslims and Rasta City and
this is close to where there was a
shootout a few days ago
oh what a breath this is the hills right
here this high ground
yeah but that's what went to you while
ago and fight you nerd order yeah good
one - so they put the gun through their
starfire Jesus that's all right so the
office I came here boom exchange you
could go in genuine soir yeah never got
along the next one I come over no one
started you looking to put this bullet
holes all over here a lot of blood still
flies buzzing around fresh blood thick
whenever we ask people about what
happened to change Trinidad that's such
a violent place where people are willing
to take on the police most traced it to
one event that changed the country
forever in 1990 Trinidad was home to the
only attempted militant Islamic
overthrow of a government in the Western
Hemisphere they said that after the coup
in 1998 was sort of a wake-up point for
a lot of people
in these communities that the government
had no control and the way to solve a
problem was with guns now we're talking
that school affected the nation the
society on a whole physically
psychologically and otherwise it well
damaged please and it would have set the
trend that you know what
if you have a problem let's take on new
forces let's take on the government
let's whole MIB it showed the weakness
it shows weakness and when when weakness
is exposed many people take advantage of
weakness on July 27th 1990 a man named
Abu Bakr the leader of an Islamic group
called Jamaat al-islamiyya
and 115 of his followers violently took
over TV stations and government
buildings including the Parliament and
laid siege to the country for six days
at 6:00 p.m. this afternoon
the government of trinidad and tobago
was overthrown 24 people were killed in
the chaos and they even shot the prime
minister because of an amnesty
negotiation they were free two years
later and have been continuously in
trouble since then we went to Abu Bakr's
compound to talk to him about what went
wrong in Trinidad I've been charged for
murder I've been charged for conspiracy
to murder I've been charged for treason
I've been charged for terrorism I've
been charged for guns and ammunition
nothing has stuck because they just
fabricated all these cases against me
we're hearing a lot now that the narco
trade here is ramping up a lot is it
coming from is it coming from
politicians is it coming from
businesspeople where is it coming from
everybody's in the police everybody is
in the course guys what is involved next
one neighbor seven matches Venezuela and
Endre next two very serious Colombia is
we all right here this is a
transshipment point one look at the
affluence in saying that and and and you
will know in Brooklyn you can find the
affluence that exists in Trinidad
nowhere you know we saw in the newspaper
that the unemployment rate was was 4% do
you think that's accurate
no it's not accurate far from being a
key the lie as a big lie there isn't a
single day without a mother there too
why people would be killing each other
if they they I employed but there was
thought there was probably 20 years ago
you know and there's poverty now but you
don't see you didn't see 500 murders a
year 20 years ago now you see for me I
was in charge because he was hard I'm
telling you I was in charge 20 20 years
ago before 1990 I was in charge of the
ground just before nineteen
none of the Berner rates none of the
motorists which a hundred because we
cleaned up the drugs we cleaned up
everything after you go to jail what
happens you lose power of the streets no
no no we just left it you just left the
street if we left it we say that's what
you want well we left it and that was
the problem no we left it who's
controlling it right now
control anyone who's controlling the
streets out of control because all the
young people just come up after them who
don't have the experience of the streets
who didn't have the wheel the control I
mean and and a lot of the people who
were the community leaders we were
people who were now organization we
control the street so are we getting
better or we're getting Willis it's
getting worse every day explode there is
a perpetual quest for dominance you go
to sleep Friday night and the person
that was dominant Friday Saturday
morning they find him dead then starts
all over again and instability starts
all over again and evolve power starts
all over again without Parker or another
strong man in power different leaders
are doing whatever is necessary to
assert control over territory and
contracts
the gangs have been enshrined in the
consciousness of communities the gangs
play a very strategic role when it comes
to the distribution of wealth in our
communities and a lot of our communities
have felt neglected for a very long time
from government so they're not getting
the jobs from government they're not
getting the kind of resources they want
from the government but somehow the gang
seems to be the government in our
communities and in trinidad and tobago
they don't call themselves gangs they
see themselves more as community groups
more as organizations more as community
leaders these are the leaders of the
community who are receiving these
contracts from government to provide the
kind of jobs it could be a payback for
getting the votes as well as they see
themselves as business organization and
that business can run from government
contracts to drugs it's whatever is the
big business on the street today and
they're gonna get involved in that no
business passes them by we had to beat
some Gardens a neighborhood notorious
for being a Rasta City stronghold to
talk to Spanish Beechum's community
leader some consider him a gang leader
but to a lot of people in the community
he's the only one bringing jobs and
social services to the impoverished
neighborhood
Spanish so uh where are we right now
what's this neighborhood what's it like
trying for should be dumb Gardens mr.
koala Chauncey Tony listen oh is it is
classes ghetto is a part of the country
as other people might be going to more
property than normal it seems like no
one's really helping out here so you're
building some houses as much as I could
do I'm a registered contractor
I work hard for y1 once I get will from
the government and thing i do in money
I'd spend it in the things we had helped
employer and I know Olivia builds our
own you talk to some of the police and
some of the some of the politicians and
they point to you when they say is a
community leader but he's a gang leader
- you think that's not fair
no it can't be fair I don't know gang
leader I don't order nobody children the
one kill I don't know each other one
robbed or T for kidnap or not not ease
up your company are my life son but how
many about one Sarah Sarah twice what
happened they came for you they came to
you in your house or you were driving
Oh driver no cover although certain
places man might start up on fire shots
at a vehicle I Drive you know what's
about 9 or 10 shots shoot of the vehicle
and that was how long ago was that last
year last year damn and you got people
recognize that car so I imagine you
gotta be you I'd be real careful all the
time
yeah I was driving the my driver you
know I really Drive one thing too long
but it's all because they I named
Spanish and I live in vitamin or
somebody for my next community might see
me and be done with any people as
homogeneous oh crap on from becoming a
car load and certain parts of Canada
River from sue not allowed and the tommy
a misogynist and what's going on right
here your you got
turntables you got of speakers you're
putting in
except on thing puzzles I walk I buy a
music I like that I drop enough besides
bringing jobs Spanish always puts on
events like soccer matches and parties
to support his community
voice over here Spanish is actually
building this for the people in the
community and it's just a little taste
of how these community leaders really
take care of their own and while they
have so much respect
the party was a really good time it was
clear that there was a lot of love in
the community and that everyone took
care of each other almost like a big
family it was easy to forget that this
neighborhood was off in a warzone and
that other gang sometimes came to these
parties and shot them up
now that we were in with Spanish we were
able to meet some of the guys actually
pulling the triggers in these gang wars
what'd you say and turn that when you
drink like this
OPA what'd you say Cheers that's what we
say in New York sometimes right look I
am what I am
it means to life into life ready why do
you own why do you have to carry that
around why do you feel the need you
gotta carry a firearm I don't know that
doesn't maybe we got to defend yourself
you get to who are you who are you
defending yourself against from the here
is Manny Manny is let's flash outside
with anybody anybody anybody any time
any day
no one from on this ends can more lions
and some finesse and goes to that and
shots go fine that's it that's it done
done the finish here
damn have you lost a lot of friends I
mean we know the murder rate here is
crazy a lot M of the last touch that's
fire to go to have people pick up
rapid-fire automatic weapons you know
the police they're going after the young
kids on the streets the big fish
no one's going after the big fish no
look I'm good deal direct big fish are
what politicians businessmen there is
immune and they're the ones who are
bringing the drugs and - yeah then
behind Akutan and then behind the
curtain I'm hiding yeah he's a mess in
the front line the pool is long the way
extra money they take money of course
and what about the drugs and the guns
whereas that comes from Venezuela
where's it come from come from Venezuela
which is the politician Adam does get it
in much easier yeah we hear that Coast
Guard all them they just take bribes yes
I already think you already answered it
unknown well you could see how about ten
years though in the holding change up
everybody started to take bribe who was
God puh-leeze everybody only dollar
saying and that's when the murder rate
started going really really how many
action starts yeah because everybody ypc
and you keep money changes everything
yeah contracts
money belongs our money money is power
it isn't the street guys who are making
the serious money in Trinidad dready
said something we kept hearing behind
the drug trade in the gangs are what
Trinidadians called the big fish the
untouchable nameless elites who treat
the country like their own narco-state
buy off politicians and foster endemic
corruption that affects all levels of
society to understand the muder it to
understand the coup and to understand
all the complexities must understand the
games the politicians have played young
people are seeing that sometimes our
politicians doing again what they want
and they're not seeing any sort of
repercussions any sort of consequences
the reality is is that the most powerful
players who are resident internally Lisa
drug-free have then they need to
purchase impunity from this state they
have to be political financiers and that
is what drives the endemic corruption of
the society when people speak of
corruption in society all they look at
is the most visible means is the
lower-level ones the ones who get caught
taking a bribe and things like that the
traffickers who live in rural and tobago
they wield power within the state
structure to the extent that nobody in
the state structure can bring them down
they are in fact untouchable until the
authorities in Trinidad are ready to go
after the big fish it doesn't seem like
much will change on the ground literally
a few thousand people have been killed
in these areas we need help you think
that some of that mines coming from all
the oil that's on the island would
trickle down here but from everything
everyone's telling us it doesn't come
down here at all no
because we don't see here as part of
Trinidad we see here as I saw a diseased
part that we wish we would go away I
tell people if your left kidney is
cancerous and you ignore it it will kill
you if you focus on the parts of your
body that healthy and you see that left
kidneys just appeared on a bother you
going today and the nation is dying
because we preach in a part of us as we
will grow we enjoy a pond it
