it's Thursday May fifteenth and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
the alleged kidnapping of the prisoner
while in police custody has sparked a
protest in northern India protesters
claim Vikramjit Singh was being treated
at a hospital in Punjab state when he
was abducted in beaten by a group of
policemen authorities say they've
arrested five police officers who were
on duty at the hospital but they say
they don't yet know we're seeing is or
why he was taken at least 10 Yemeni
soldiers were killed in a battle with
al-qaeda fighters the latest clashes
began as militants simultaneously
attacked two army positions in the south
where al-qaeda has attempted to
recapture control of a strategic town at
least 13 fighters were killed Yemen's
Army says it's made significant military
gains against al-qaeda in the past
couple of weeks the u.s. recently closed
its embassy there over fear of increased
attacks against foreigners a Nigerian
security official says residents in
northern villages have killed and
detained dozens of fighters from the
same group that kidnapped nearly 300
girls last month a witness says
villagers were told the Islamist group
Boko Haram was planning an attack so
they ambushed two trucks of gunmen as
they approached locals complain the
military hasn't done enough to protect
them from Boko Haram and have formed
vigilante groups to thwart attacks the
year-long state of emergency in the
country's northeast has proven
ineffective as the extremist fighters
have killed hundreds there just this
year Human Rights Watch says child
tobacco workers in for eastern US states
are falling ill that's right American
labor laws allow kids to work on tobacco
farms and many of them as young as seven
are getting nicotine poisoning nearly
three-quarters of the 140 child laborers
interviewed reported symptoms such as
nausea vomiting and headaches people in
the region call it green tobacco
sickness and it's caused when workers
absorb nicotine through their skin while
they handle tobacco plants in 2011 the
Labor Department proposed a stipulation
that would have prohibited children
under 16 from working on tobacco farms
but they were withdrawn a year later
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
