Vikram Gandhi visited Papua New Guinea
were the abundant natural resources seem
more likely to bring about a civil war
than peace and prosperity this is his
debrief
hello province is one of those places in
Papua New Guinea that's only had Western
influence for under 50 years so until
very recently people were trading with
pigs and shells therefore when you talk
about quantities of money in Papua New
Guinea it's very hard for people to get
a sense of what Exxon would actually owe
them when we were on the ground most
people seem to have a different
understanding of of what money is and
therefore a lot of people would get
money from different work projects spend
it all in Port Moresby the capital a lot
of it going to alcohol and other
indulgences and then all of a sudden
everyone will be broke I don't think
people really had any idea of how much
money they should be getting it is a
responsibility of the government to make
a deal with Exxon and therefore figure
out how that money can affect the people
in some ways it's irrational to imagine
that Exxon would be doing a deal with
every single landowner every single
person being that all the land is
technically communally owned by all the
tribal regions so I think there's just a
big misunderstanding amongst people of
how that money is going to be
distributed
governor Garrow is an elected official
he is in some ways a visionary because
he is somebody who is college educated
and has seen the world which is pretty
rare in Papua New Guinea so he is doing
this effort to bring development into
the region while he didn't guarantee
people that he would distribute wealth
he did say that he was going to build
infrastructure that would benefit
everyone and I think what's lacking is
infrastructure that if directly affects
the people whereas what he did build is
things to make Papa New Guinea a hub for
corporations and as we know it's very
unclear whether the money from those
corporations will ever reach the people
of Papua New Guinea Papua New Guinea is
a really unique country because there
are many different languages and many
different tribes people actually look
quite different on different sides of
the country but it is clear that even a
hella province the story Bougainville
has permeated the popular consciousness
and everyone looks at what the people of
Bougainville did when they rebelled
against rio tinto as something that they
can emulate and something that will
inspire them to have their own
revolution against corporate forces
while that may be something that people
think about there is rumor that Rio
Tinto will now be coming back to Papua
New Guinea and even both and even
Bougainville itself so it's just a
matter of how strong that urge to rebell
is amongst people there are people of
all different religions ancient forms of
worship and different tribes that exist
all over that area and that shaman is
just of one tradition of many that are
kind of mind-blowing when I observed as
kids who were wearing grass skirts they
seemed quite embarrassed and they almost
feel like perhaps the next generation is
not going to be as strict to the
traditions as he is but that guys seem
pretty legitimate and there are a lot of
quite interesting characters all over
the country
so the resource curse is the worst on
countries that have corruption and lack
of transparency in government the one
way to avoid it is by having an honest
government and having politicians that
are actually trying to help the people
if you look at a country like Norway
that has a lot of resources and has one
of the strongest economies of the world
so that's a place that wasn't affected
by the resource course in a negative way
and if you look at a lot of countries in
the Middle East you can also actually
see that they too have been prosperous
because of resources
