Thomas Morton went to drought-stricken
Texas where climate change doubting
residents are actually praying for rain
this is his debrief the Bible was
written 2,000 years ago ish
so it does not address climate change
specifically the two strains of
religious thought that kind of bump
heads when it comes to climate change as
long as we've mentioned in the piece a
lot of the event Jellicle the reason
they don't believe in climate change is
because they believe that God is in
charge of the planet and it's weather
and so it's arrogance it's actually it's
blasphemy for us to suggest that human
action has screwed up God's plan for
that at the same time the Bible does
promote an idea that that man should be
a steward over his world and that's a
word Christians like to use instead of
environmentalism especially because
environmentalism has that you know real
liberal hippie taint to it so they talk
about the stewardship movement which is
essentially the same as environmentalism
but uses Christian terminology and
basically says like God gave you this
planet take care of this planet and
that's all the way back in Genesis
well I was raised Christian so I
understand what these people believe and
you know why they believe it
serves a role in their lives at the same
time I was brought in Methodist which is
a very middle-of-the-road
Christianity so seeing people like
rolling on the floor and even clapping
in church there's a little bit of Natha
my demands you know it's a fun show and
I do get swept up and clapping along and
singing and stuff like you would at a
concert but it's not going to impact my
views on a situation preachers like
Reverend vinegar are are charismatic
that's hard to be in a preacher I don't
think that necessarily gives them
license to really talk about stuff they
don't really know and I think fenders
good at least in the part that he seems
at least inquisitive about climbing on
that even if he doesn't believe in it
right now same time he's got a pulpit
and a big congregation and what he says
goes for those people that's you know
out of the way Church works
I certainly hope not
the water that gets used for fracking
it's heavily treated and before it goes
into the wells and when it comes out is
a mix of very toxic chemicals and also
just rock particles from where it's
dislodged oil out of the sand so putting
that back into the water supply would be
an absolute disaster for any community
there are some fracking companies who
are trying to figure out ways to recycle
the water but so far all that's really
amounted to is basically cleaning it up
to the point that it can be disposed of
without being completely toxic waste
it's nowhere near clean enough you know
using today's technology to be
bankable in any way there may be more
people these days with like conservative
beliefs you're kind of coming around on
climate change but you don't really see
it in politicians that's Bob Vilas
points out it is still a heresy
basically the Republican Party to not
just express a belief and manmade
climate change but even to be just like
lukewarm about your denial of it that's
the whole reason he's not an office
right now and it makes sense when you
consider how much the oil and gas
lobbies spend most of which is
specifically tailored to the Republican
Party to Republican legislators they
want to return on their investment so
publicans have to keep that as an
orthodoxy there's not much at this point
Texas can do on their own and it's a
global problem it's been going on for
almost a hundred years we're way past
most scientists estimates of kind of the
worst case scenario or we would be right
now what they should be doing though is
at least working with the rest of the
nation to try to curb a mission start a
curb oil use that kind of thing instead
of having they're sticking their fingers
in their ears declaring that it's junk
science even though you know 95% of the
scientific community agrees with it it's
just holding up the debate and holding
up any sort of action we could take as a
nation or a species
