Thank You same in here yeah
the press the new classification
approach I see NASA school I provide on
a plane
we're coming on our way to the airport
in Donetsk which is this closed this
morning by the Ukrainian government no
no reason was given so we're not sure
why yet the activists the Donetsk
People's Republic just gave us a call
and said we should head there now it's
really really dead here the car parks
were MC there's no one coming in or out
outside the front of the departures
though there is one of the pro-russian
flags flying so that maybe is this a
statement they've taken it we're about
to find out hopefully Poros parayoga
Sudarsan ever Souness us go krenov chiku
Shima melt Airport Anya's keenya frenum
at in yevo Pescados dues new Dodd
Italian national sativa Asperger Jenna
esto cosecha prision yuri-chan acid on
SD su Abaddon su día de camión C Rosen
visa passin Silver Arrow / to do laser
sniper shows new man opposed on OKCupid
Nora na report UN Pacini senator Kay de
soutien second Ukraine a no invested
Iran no problem Podesta possessed epoch
on trullo a toasties leg primeros so
melow to le s zona de garantie arrow an
austere illness de entierro non control
era pork rib which amor Chopra Stanny
projeto do grows eponymous neuron agree
so adi tonics People's Republic activist
taking over this airpo
are they intended to take it you think
oh yeah a program from a soon
Kotori maglev we chose airport me period
you pad controller chiefly bargain user
one a group Lee Jay Monaco incessant
equation star to see if principai
Airport nowit's a venir política to use
the de jure visit buses to misbehave is
a position a bhootish una so we just got
a call from one of the press guys at the
next People's Republic they told us
actually today they may be heading
towards a military barracks so we're
going to try and find out the address
and head down out
so up ahead there seems to be a
roadblock these guys are pro-russian in
front of me
they're not happy with this filming
their faces none of these guys have got
visible weapons for the guys ahead who
seem to be further on from them you
could look like Ukrainian military and
they've got their weapons drawn ak-47s I
guess you could call this some sort of
standoff at the moment these guys aren't
Ukrainian military seems you got a bit
closer and they're wearing the orange
and black ribbons that denote that
they're part of the pro-russian groups
they seem to be at the front of the
barracks and they fanned out around it
creating a perimeter that sort of
checking any cars that come nearby
something look very professional they
look like they're definitely know what
they're doing that they've done this
before but yeah they're all arms of
ak-47s some of them wearing body armor
some of the man with we're not sure
what's going on here yet whether they've
actually taken control of the building
or they're just creating a perimeter
might just do my kitty but don't you do
TVs the Brussels is provided at the
hidden grand little doing it again
so it's pretty tense around at this base
that the negotiations going on between
the commanders of both sides got heads
of RPGs on the trucks they blocked the
roads the access to the building
sort of they're pretty wary of anyone
coming closed and pretty angry and not
that happy that they were press here all
sort of pointing their guns in the
direction of the road ready for any sort
of retaliation from the Ukrainian
military or the police
Dmitri can you just tell me what's going
on here outside this Military College
what have you for you guys done here
where is a little but coming to every is
this Wednesday chested that constitute
one I had to do bones which I smoked my
voice reads as provide cetera the
National Cadet sources this case more
does my priority to ones go chest ready
written for matsutake Jonases personally
appear Puccini FC see you avoid veered
onto one squad readily nigga to read The
Slits words and material Denise Kinard
Mary's public no to stop Astana
Villanueva Moyo Maximo Anna estará en
sadhana situati estructura Vesna a
semester videoed Savannah okra NCAA West
Abruzzi live proteome here now Anna
Selenia
a Yahtzee brownie technique oh my dolls
knees beside searches K was motion a
stain upon Gina Nashua when sketches T
equals liaisons Kazushi oh goodness new
Adnani trolley Chettinad kasdeya when
sketches Donna
skies a Donna Josua New Delhi proto
three-stringed when Ebola mighty c'mere
na Padilla a lasagna le bas de imagem
shocked or surprised I'd be straight
with the shift base runner
pro-russian forces are now left there
here for about two hours and during that
time no negotiations about what exactly
they wanted reportedly unconfirmed so
far the base has a massive weapons cache
so whether that was their objective all
along we're not sure but what the
pro-russian commanders came down and
they said what the hell are you doing so
maybe there was a bit of a mix-up a bit
of a misunderstanding here as to whether
this was actual order from the top or a
bit of a spontaneous action what we did
see there was a lot of pro-russian
forces here with very heavy weapons you
saw RPGs anti-tank weapons as well as
sort of ak-47s this is a real escalation
here in Donetsk we hadn't see them come
out and force like this before so who
knows what will happen over the next
couple of days
