it's Monday may fit and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines pro-russia
separatists in Ukraine have attacked the
police headquarters in Odessa forcing
police to release the 30 activists were
arrested after 42 people were killed in
the southern city on friday most of the
victims were separatists fleeing fierce
street battles with nationalists they
barricaded themselves inside a building
which later caught fire interim Prime
Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk is accusing
local police and the state security
services of failing to stop the violence
and despite his assertion that it was
part of a Russian plan to destroy
Ukraine he's promised a full
investigation into the incident
following the violence in Odessa
pro-russia activists in the eastern city
of Donetsk called on residents to join
their so called self-defense force local
media reports say activists stormed to
government buildings there in a revenge
attack Syria's Constitutional Court has
finalized the list of candidates vying
for the power to rule the war-torn
nation parliamentarians mahad haja and
Hassan annuity will challenge President
Bashar Assad's bid for a third
seven-year term a new electoral law
requires all candidates have no other
citizenship and have lived in Syria for
the past ten years effectively barring a
set opponents in exile the june third
election will be held only in
government-controlled areas and will
exclude refugees the government says
left the country illegally Honduran
authorities are investigating the deaths
about with seven children who may have
been murdered for refusing to join
street gangs the latest police reports
this month detailed the killings of two
brothers in San Pedro Sula considered
the murder capital of the world turf
wars between two of the region's largest
games known as the eighteenth Street
gang and ms-13 have cost the lives of
thousands in Honduras El Salvador and
Guatemala over the last few years both
can be traced back to gangs formed in
Los Angeles before their members were
deported to Central America in the 90s
the kickoff of the italian cup soccer
final match was delayed nearly an hour
after violent confrontations between
rival fans near Rome's Olympic Stadium
supporters of Napoli and Fiorentina
chucked firecrackers and other objects
at each other and three napoli fans were
shot in a separate incident a section of
napoli supporters watched the match in
complete silence to protest what had
happened many Italians were critical of
the violence while others said they
weren't surprised at all napoli beat
Fiorentina 31 to win the Cup for the
fifth time check out the vice news
youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world who can just go over your gun
collection on amazon network yes boom
tasty 355 are you completely worried
enough when you've talked me pidio
pollyanna chetty community meal it's any
wizard mi porti resolution importance to
system
you
