right now we're in Istanbul's iconic
Taksim Square and it's on total lockdown
ahead of expected clashes between
protesters and police it's made the
first which is historically a very tense
day in Turkey but it seems especially
tense this year it's almost been one
year since the gezi Park protests and
it's come at a time when the country is
incredibly polarized
we can't even access the square right
now it's like a fortress there's
thousands of police we've been told as
many as 40,000 and they says going to
take all measures possible to prevent
protesters coming here I like that from
that gives mission like old-old under
Hafez la beautiful says the top cop -
like I took that job for to run call
follow the hash said they only get
special our newest technology connects
the rhythm ladder you shot Wi-Fi
connection I direct madam video signal I
admire the optelec would architected our
near Boone because sorry building a
still occupy occupy Buddha she trusted -
love you
DARPA bosses from work
we just heard that clashes have broken
out in a neighborhood called Bechet -
between protesters and police where
demonstrators have gathered before
heading towards Taksim we're gonna head
there now and see what's happening
we just arrived in vetrix hatch there's
a very small number of protestors
probably no more than 150 but the police
seem to be taking no chances they're
putting their helmets and gas masks on
and gearing up
so as we've seen the police are showing
absolutely zero tolerance for any kind
of gathering or protest here they're
about maybe a hundred people shouting
slogans quite peacefully and that the
police just without any warning to
suddenly charge them and the protesters
have hidden in the streets here for the
police are clearing out the little
alleys one by one
so for a while so the hardcore group of
protesters managed to retain some
territory here but they scatter pretty
quickly as soon as the police fire let's
say against Roman churches the lukather
bust you do each that image that will my
spider bondage and the Taliban delegate
to mix - de nada
Victor Tolliver - that was fun will
James Litton and so Cutler de-da-de-dum
listen or illusion we can stir all the
food we can get agenda against terrible
he starts megamix there is Daniel
inertia as an economist rejected of the
mystery tax advantages
a brief moment the protesters were able
to get their way back onto the main
street and force themselves right up
into the center of Bechet ass but that
didn't take very long for the police to
hit them back hard with the armored
vehicles Tomer teargas sound bonds and
quickly scatter them back to the small
alleys they are stuck in before
the cops seem to be losing their
patience a little bit
they started rounding up entertaining
protesters mostly young kids shoving
them on the back of this bus
do you think you make it to Taksim today
well I don't think so all the
transportation systems everything it has
been a total lockdown right now Istanbul
streets are empty of protests and
occupied instead by a massive army of
policemen more than a hundred and forty
people have been arrested ninety are in
the hospital but many here are saying
that today was not a display of state
strength but state weakness and a symbol
of a government that is terrified of its
own people
you
