valera Kia's aunt met with the leader of
the Gulabi gang a group of women who are
fighting the rampant rape crisis in
India this is her debrief to be honest
in a way I expected that because I know
that there's strict protocols within the
police system in India they cannot
really speak unless they have their
supervisor or the senior person with
them so I would have been amazed to see
if someone would have actually come out
and started stating about the corruption
that is in there the bribery that
continues at times but I knew that that
would have never been the case but I
would have loved to have been surprised
seemed that from our interactions the
men were becoming curious about what was
happening seeing that women were getting
together and marching through the
streets it was more about interesting I
guess it's okay for them to do that this
seemed to be the common reaction while
there then more of a fighting or no
don't do this I don't know if it
instilled any fears but there was
definitely a lot of curiosity that was
spurred
there's definitely a lot of movements
happening across the country especially
after the bus gang rape
there are women going to the streets and
protesting and raising their voice there
are various women's groups that are
trying to also do something like the
Gulabi gang but I feel that the one
thing that makes Gulabi gang so pure in
itself is that the women that came
together were the women that were the
victims or are the victims or could be
the victims and they just didn't know
any better than to come together and go
okay maybe through this we can actually
have a definition maybe we can do
something that people would look at us
and go okay wait they're not just poor
they're not just you know a person you
know that no one really looks at they're
more than that
it seems that in the past when some pop
all began the Gulabi gang said there
were a few women that would take the
bamboo sticks and go out and fight or
potentially hit men or police but the
whole symbol of having this thick it's
like a guard it's like saying that we
are being protected and that we stand
strong so it's more it seems that it's
more use as a symbol than an actual
weapon
I think that there's a lot of hope for
change there has been amendments of the
previous laws it's unfortunate that's
only been made in the past year or that
the media has to make a big deal of an
incident that happens quite often in
India and that once the media brought it
out to the world's attention at the same
time for the people to go out in the
streets and protest suddenly you know
the law became amended
I felt that it should have been done
much before that but that is a good sign
that oh wait you know one can bring
change and I feel that it's exactly what
you need you need these women that are
living in villages where most people
don't even talk about or even consider
or even think about or even travel to I
mean when Bollywood decide to make a
movie on sort of the gulabi let's take
away the e gank they'd even travel to
those parts they didn't go to the
villages they didn't go talk to the
women what some pot Paul said and people
there and it's nice to see them actually
rise to the point where in the in the
cities people are actually starting to
take notice and those with power are
signed to hear their voices and they're
acting more strongly on it so it's
definitely a very hopeful movement and
has been from what they have done in
their own community
