Thomas Morton visited a region of
Kazakhstan where decades after the Cold
War residents are still experiencing the
horrifying effects of Sylvia Terra
nuclear testing this is his debrief
the problem with radiation is science is
only really known about it for a hundred
years and I literally been dealing with
it for about 60 or 70 so we don't really
know too much about it we get
conflicting reports as far as
precautions went it depended on who we
were with at a given time in the polygon
Kazakhs we went with new radioactive
research in the polygon we're pretty
blas√© about the dangers they just
wanted to swear that kind of plastic
footsies in a gas mask now so if dust
got kicked up it didn't get in our lungs
that's the real danger like it's the
radiation stores itself in dirt you know
and other stuff for the most part it
doesn't just kind of exist above there
and it emits it out of the dirt but if
you avoid that then otherwise just being
around it is pretty fine
there's a number of reasons people don't
leave I mean first and foremost a lot of
them don't have the money or the
wherewithal to leave another reasons a
lot of them are really really sick I
mean we need families where each member
in each generation has like two three
types of competing cancer in addition to
like you know birth defects and
retardation which doesn't make it any
easier to pack up your family and get
out of there
people don't want to leave your hometown
the other problem is like there's not
many places to leave to especially
considering the resource tab available
you can take you know a car ten hours
and you hit the big city which is a semi
where we filmed a lot of ours stuff
wrong with moving to simmias in terms of
radioactivity it's not that far from the
polygon in addition and the Soviet era
was a industrial town so you have all
these heavy metals and other pollutants
that are added to the lingering
radiation well the Soviet Union
obviously wasn't the only country
setting up nuclear bombs we tested a
number of them were two the first to do
so um Great Britain and France some
other nuclear powers did there's the
crucial difference between the polygon
and where we test is that we did our
best to evacuate of course the biggest
test were the twin bombings in Hiroshima
and Nagasaki
that's outside the polygon the biggest
you know group of people who've been
directly exposed to nuclear bomb level
radiation in terms of like people being
exposed to nuclear testing there's
nothing approaching the scale of the
semi plaudits polygon in any other
country there are 450 bombs that offers
it the two in Hiroshima Nagasaki and on
top of that you had the Soviets
mentality which is keep everything quiet
so in terms of numbers it's already a
much bigger problem than anywhere else
in the world where bombs were set off um
and then all that is compounded by the
way the Soviets treated it which was the
30 years of silence which just allow the
problem to fester
I do actually agree with the doctors
genetic passport when first landed it
sounded like somewhere between like
quack science and Nazi eugenics the idea
of a genetic passport and all the
possibilities that opens of you know
creating you know like a discriminating
against people who have bad genes of
creating this whole weird genetic
underclass like allowing pee you know
how do you decide who is allowed to
breed who isn't all that seemed like you
know dystopian science fiction um when
you meet the people and you see the
effects of the radiation what they're
going through with you just the acute
level of the crisis that all this
nuclear testing is causing this is an
insane problem that's not going to go
away except by extreme measures and a
lot of them seem very onboard with it we
hear a lot of people who have to form
children say that if I had known about
this before we wouldn't have had this
child it would have been better for this
child not to exist than for it to exist
like this by the end of the time I spent
there in the polygon it was a full
supporter of this genetic passport and
think that you know it's a pretty
reasonable solution to an extremely
unreasonable problem
