mr. speaker as the congressman who
represents Muncie Indiana and Delaware
County I rise today for the awesome and
important duty to pay a happy birthday
wish to Garfield this was 15 years ago
on Garfield's 25th birthday today as he
turns 40 Mike Pence's vice-president of
the country
the guy from in DC's The Apprentice is
somehow president and Garfield is
exactly the same his face may have
adorned many more t-shirts coffee mugs
posters and insurance billboards in the
interceding years but to read the strip
that Jim Davis still writes every day or
to visit the pause incorporated compound
on the outskirts of Muncie Indiana you'd
be hard-pressed to tell whether it's
2018 or let's say 1989 we moved in in
1989 I think it was oh my god this is
where we meet with all of the licensees
we work visually all the walls that are
bulletin boards and when we have agents
come in from other countries we could
talk all day but never see the same
thing but they can go to a shelf pick a
product on you so you do this in green
and we can sell this yeah this is the
art department back here we took the
comic strip digital about eight years
ago
do you happen to know how many in papers
are syndicated in right now a little
over 2,100 papers now we're in a hundred
and eleven countries about 28 languages
all the mail comes in the big door over
there and it all gets sorted out we take
a look at the products that came in and
approve them or not approve them and how
often do you have to reject something we
every day we rejects not only is
Garfield one of the most widely printed
comics in history he's also arguably the
most widely licensed and merchandised
orange cat of all time in order to keep
track of the nearly 1 billion dollars a
year of tchotchkes is adorned by
Garfield and to a significantly lesser
extent Odie paws Incorporated's resident
young person Derek Hall helped develop a
searchable digital archive called picker
van try searching there we go for Darley
toothpaste you know I used to be called
our key to the best Garfield cultural
penetration has approached that of the
Buddha or the Bible although I don't
recall Jesus Christ appearing on any
Chinese toothpastes to maintain that
level of worldwide appeal Davis and his
team have followed one golden rule no
politics I'd always wondered the fact
that Garfield had kinda managed to avoid
being controversial if that was the fear
of the consequences marketing or if that
was tied into just your artistic vision
well there are two problems with doing
something a political comment social
comment something like that one it
doesn't translate people in other
countries wouldn't understand it or in
other cultures or at other times do it
dates the strip you know going okay that
was 1983 that I'd like to think that 40
years from now they could read the gag
and lap for the very same reason and
just as heartily as they do today in my
opinion I wouldn't at least with
Garfield wouldn't say the merchandise
had in any way sullied my impression of
it do you feel a sense of that or I told
folks I said if we get into it we're not
going to let people just use an image
and stamp it on stuff if we get into it
we're gonna be involved with it will
help drive it do you see some of the
merchandise as works of art early on I
always felt that Garfield says things
that people feel but they don't
necessarily have the courage to say but
they'll have another coffee mug I like
mornings better if they started later
things like that they got all that cat
like it in here it's more yeah kind of
look for things that resonates with
people that they can use to express
themselves the work of art no I think
hopefully it's well-designed
colorful and it's spelled correctly do
you think that Garfield will ultimately
be remembered as a comic strip that
produced s-- many items or is kind of
like a do you think you could ever be
mistaken for a deity
I guess all right Garfield after 40
years yeah he's obtained a bit of an
iconic status there been movies there's
been books have been other things and I
certainly wanted to be known as a comic
strip because that's that's where he
really entertains he really struts his
stuff that's his sweet spot
you
