it's Monday April 28 and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines there are
reports pro-russia separatists have
seized a regional television station and
donuts this footage shows separatists
breaking through a front gate followed
by a large crowd storming the building
the masked man said they would take the
channel off air to broadcast Russian
content instead and in slaviansk this
video appears to show three members of
Ukraine's state security service
kidnapped by separatists in a nearby
town Vitas laughs ponomarev the
self-declared mayor of sloviansk said
the three were among seven men who he
claims were quote mounting an operation
against separatists there Saif al-islam
gaddafi the son of late Libyan leader
Mahmoud Gaddafi has appeared with 22
others to face charges in a Tripoli
Court the group appeared via video link
to hear charges ranging from war crimes
to corruption safe the most high profile
of Gadhafi seven sons is in a jail in
the western town of Zintan where rebels
refused to release him into government
custody the defendants are accused of
giving orders to armed militias and kill
peaceful protesters as well as taking
thousands of political prisoners they're
also charged with cutting power to
rebel-held cities and damaging oil
facilities during the 2011 against
Gaddafi volatile the environmental group
greenpeace says it has tracked the
first-ever shipment of oil from the
Arctic the group says the oil was being
transported to the Netherlands and that
it was produced on a Russian platform
where a protest last year resulted in
the arrest of dozens of anti-drilling
activists Greenpeace insists oil
companies aren't capable of cleaning up
a spill if one occurs which would result
in the devastation of the area it also
says that the oil company was bought by
French company totale which recently
stopped drilling in the polar region
President Barack Obama has spoken
against the recorded remarks allegedly
made by the owner of the NBA's los
angeles clippers basketball team when
ignorant folks want to advertise their
ignorance you don't really have to do I
and then you just let him talk and
that's that's what happened here the NBA
is now looking into the comments said to
have been made by Clippers owner Donald
sterling who reportedly discourages his
girlfriend from posting pictures with
minorities or bringing african-americans
to games check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
we're heading to promoters to meet some
of the pro-russian militants and control
of the police headquarters there the
Ukrainian government says one of the
fighters in kramatorsk is a russian
special forces officer and they've given
pictures to the New York Times and other
media companies that they say proves it
so we're just heading over there to find
out who he actually is
