it's tuesday april twenty second and
here's some of the news beyond the
headlines luscious options upon the
ukrainian journalists held in question
by pro-russian separatists emerged
unharmed and relatively calm to speak to
reporters a day after being taken irma
crack was escorted by a masked captor
out of the state security building in
the eastern city of slavyansk the 29
year old says other than it being cold
inside she's been given food and water
and hasn't been mistreated immediately
after taking questions crap was
blindfolded and walked back into the
building also an activist crap is
notorious for leading an all-female
militia group in the protest that
overthrew the government in February
she's allegedly being held for actions
against riot police one of the founders
of Myanmar's pro-democracy movement has
died at the age of 85 Winton worked as a
newspaper editor before he founded the
national league for democracy alongside
an sang coochie 25 years ago his
activism ultimately turned him into the
country's longest serving political
prisoner after each spent 19 years
mostly in solitary confinement and even
after his release in 2008 went in
continued to wear his blue prison shirt
in support of those still in detention
he had been in a yungin hospital
suffering respiratory problems since
March the basic living a jihadist
organization that recruits British
Muslims to fight in Syria posted a video
that shows a man with a London accent
giving a tour of his living quarters in
the war-torn country this is the room
where the magis I had it in sleep the
video features Abu Abdullah reportedly a
British fighter for the Islamic State of
Iraq and Syria or Isis US intelligence
officials think there are more than
7,000 foreigners currently fighting for
the rebels in Syria's Civil War but a
lot I would rather be here living in
these conditions than in the West living
in mansions and living amongst my family
I'm
in a multi-purpose display of dissent
and religious expression protesters in
Venezuela burn effigies of president
Nicolas Maduro on Easter Sunday in
caracas worshippers across Latin America
typically burn effigies of Judas to mark
one of the holiest days in the Catholic
calendar but this year Venezuelan
demonstrators took the opportunity to
combine the tradition with an expression
of their distaste for madura who has
faced a series of violent protest in
recent months check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world it's bigger risk is big stress
why they do the privacy Julian kept on
this because someone is breaking a
window of a car or someone is trying to
break it in some way you know policy
they can afford to do that's why they
need a driver securities
