yes the larger the trip your eyes
this is the first sizable Ukrainian true
presence that we've seen where at the
border between the Kharkiv and Donetsk
regions and the connects regions where
most of the pro-russian activities are
going on this morning the acting
president of Ukraine announced a
region-wide counterterrorism operation
they've brought armored personnel
carriers here a few of these helicopters
have landed bringing in supplies and
their Special Forces in the woods out
back camped out but the question is are
they going to move forward checked off
premises
career started initially skis assist us
resist evil nationalities apostasy
llevar una hora en el premio roshaniya
or religion here
natira Torre year was Tosh new publicity
anti-terrorist
Cellucci Bonilla
a pretty poor cranium area
paprika is a quarter aroma what
kilometers so the general said that
there's a attempts to take over the
airfield in kramatorsk so we're gonna go
there to see what's happening
so what's happened here according to the
Ukrainian soldiers is that they were
stationed at this base and the pro
Russia protesters were trying to storm
the building they managed to repel the
attack and they're still in control of
the base it wasn't a question of
retaking it it was a question of
maintaining control over the base that's
apparently what this was all about
operation he's here outside the place I
don't know how the hell he got here but
he's about to be torn apart by the crowd
he's trying to get the Ukrainians inside
the fence to let him inside they're
afraid that if they open the door the
crowd will get through too so it's a
standoff and he's saying he won't come
over the fence to get in which is what
they're asking him to do because he's a
general politician to the end he waved
to the crowd when they got the guy had
to pull him inside that was total
madness without exaggeration
that happened an hour ago we were at the
border between the Donetsk and Kharkiv
regions and the general was
pontificating telling us about his big
counterterrorism operation now he was
almost torn to pieces by the crowd out
here and barely got back into his own
base amazing
well the Ukrainians but their general
back but the soldiers have now fallen by
even further into the base and the crowd
just keeps getting bigger and bigger so
much for their so the drunkest decided
to go into the base with their hands up
the rest of them were like we'll come
back out here idiots
you
