it's Monday April 14th and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
preliminary results in the Afghan
presidential election indicate a likely
runoff between the two frontrunners
as no one candidate appears to have won
more than 50% of the votes opposition
candidate Abdullah Abdullah showed a
slight lead over academic Ashraf Ghani
but not enough of a margin to win
outright in the first round the election
of the successor to President Hamid
Karzai will mark the country's first
ever democratic transfer of power the
partial results are subject to change
however as more reports of fraud have
been registered throughout the country
than in the last general elections in
2009 opposing sides in the Syrian
conflict are accusing each other of a
chemical weapons attack that reportedly
killed two people and injured over a
hundred syrian state media blamed the
al-qaeda-linked al-nusra front for the
incident which reportedly took place in
Hama province on Friday airing videos of
what they claim to be the aftermath
opposition activists however say that
government forces are responsible the
Syrian government missed recent
deadlines handover and destroy its
chemical weapons stockpile and the
chemical attack near the capital
Damascus last August sparked an
international outcry and threats of
military action from the US and Great
Britain two policemen and two militants
were killed in a gun battle in Kashmir
after the militants sprayed the home of
a pro India politician with bullets
Yawara Massoud II whose home the
militants targeted is the youth leader
of a political party that rules Kashmir
on the state level officials say that
the militants shot and killed the
officers before snatching their weapons
and fleeing into a nearby field more
police then pursued the militants
eventually shooting and killing them
both separatist rebels have long
targeted pro India figures in the
embattled majority Muslim region that
has been the focus of a border dispute
with neighboring Pakistan for decades
the Kashmir Valley where the attack took
place goes to the polls on April 24th to
vote in India's general election
thousands of gay rights activists
marched through the streets of Lima to
support a civil union law soon to be
voted on in the National Congress
congressman spearheading the proposed
legislation led chants and held signs
calling for equal rights in the majority
catholic country guru y became the first
Latin American country to allow civil
unions back in 2008 and since then
several other countries including
Argentina Brazil Mexico and Ecuador have
taken similar measures check out the
Vice News YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world and I see the life
being choked out of my son by three
grown men who couldn't control
themselves and what they call their
attempt to restrain somebody
