I traveled to Dagestan to see what makes
it the world capital of terrorist
training and recruitment this is my
debrief
Tamerlan tsarnaev one of the alleged
Boston bombers was sort of unhappy in
America he was getting more and more
into Islam here and when he went to
Dagestan they kind of made fun of him
because he was you know hardcore Islamic
but they're like you don't even know how
to pray you don't know how to eat you
wear these weird clothes so when he went
there he went through sort of a
religious sort of indoctrination so he
went to the mosque he went to many
different mosques radical as well as
moderate you know he learned how to eat
he you know he learned I saw phone
footage of him at weddings you know
hanging out with his friends and his
friends were all sort of you know
hardcore Muslims and and so he
definitely was involved in a lot of that
you know there's a lot of speculation of
you know was he you know in contact with
the rebels there was he you know in
contact with the forest the general
consensus is that he wasn't because if
he was the Spetsnaz sort of Russian
special services the Navy SEALs if you
will would know it and would have killed
him although they did give the
information to the American authorities
that you know he was a person of
interest Dagestan is a small country and
everybody knows everybody else we had
contacted the family and we wanted to
talk to the family who are not speaking
to journalists because their other son
is still awaiting trial you know we did
talk to other family members and by
talking to the family and other family
members we found out about this guy and
he agreed which was a surprise to us to
talk to us he was a very sharp guy he he
he had been interviewed by the American
authorities because he was friends with
Time Island
and he was very sharp knew what you know
our questions were gonna be Palmas
before we asked them and you know he
definitely wanted to get you know his
point of view out there so like I say in
the piece it's a perfect storm because
on one side you have daghestani youth
who want Sharia law they want an Islamic
state going into the forest to fight for
that and on the other side you have this
sort of hyper violent Spetsnaz and
they're fighting this sort of bitter
l√©o protracted war and then you have the
police who are incredibly corrupt sort
of spurring more jihadis to go to the
forest who then have more you know
horror stories to tell about the special
so you know it's it's it's and it goes
on every day in this environment you
have more and more terrorists being
trained but because they're fighting
these special forces every day they
become great they become great
terrorists which is a sad thing to say
but because the opposition is so good
that and then and there's so many of
them that then they can go to Syria or
go to Europe or come to America and be
successful in their in their terrorist
attacks which is terrible and something
has to be done about it
sadly no the police know that it's gonna
continue the Spetsnaz know that it's
gonna continue for sure the jihadis know
that it's gonna continue until there's
an Islamic state I think that Russia is
you know doing all it can to sort of you
know suppress the rebellion and it's not
working
and there's no solution in sight and
ending near future
you
