it's friday april eleventh and hear some
of the news beyond the headline
ukrainian special forces have arrested
around 70 pro-russian activists who had
been occupying a government building in
the eastern city of Kharkiv Ukrainian
officials have accused the activists of
criminal separatist activity and
inciting mass disorder and say the
arrests are the start of a new
anti-terrorist operation the discussion
about the occupation sparked a brawl on
the floor of Ukraine's Parliament in
Kiev a u.s. army vet who had become
known as the American jihadist after
fighting with Syrian rebels has been
found dead the body of air karoon was
discovered at his father's home in
Arizona Wednesday the cause of death
remains unknown haroon went to Syria to
fight against the regime of President
Bashar al-assad alongside rebels but he
was arrested afterwards and charged with
conspiring to use a weapon of mass
destruction he spent six months in
solitary confinement in a US prison
before he was released in a plea bargain
three al Jazeera journalists remain
jailed in Egypt after a judge once again
refused the request for bail they were
charged three months ago with
collaborating with the now-banned Muslim
Brotherhood Egyptian officials have
accused Al Jazeera of serving as a
mouthpiece for the Muslim Brotherhood
the political party of deposed former
president Mohamed Morsi the government
has blamed the Brotherhood for a series
of bombings and attacks on police since
morsi's ball al Jazeera's reporters say
that the trial is a farce that endangers
free speech in Egypt a franco era police
officer accused of torture during
spain's brutal dictatorship is now
facing extradition to argentina spain
passed an amnesty law in 1977 the pardon
members of the regime of Francisco
Franco but a judge in Argentina is
trying to use international law to
override the amnesty and he's taken
charge of the investigation into human
rights abuses during the 36 year rule of
Franco Antonio Gonzalez is accused of
torturing 13 people in the 1970s while
serving as a police officer in Spain
Spain's High Court is protected
Gonzalez's identity by only allowing
courtroom cameras to shoot the back of
his head
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world are
they steal bullying you I can't
understand you so no I feel double huh
