he's gonna vertigo today is about a man
who lives here at Hilo for a number of
years named jai Ram and Jay fostered an
adopted boys in california and here in
hawaii and then he took them to his
ranch where he sexually abused them and
used them as child slave labor he would
use sex as one of many controlling tools
the most deadly of his tools whoever was
his favorite was the one who was pretty
much being molested now see the little
pictures of me I start crying a lot of
times when I couldn't take it that's
what the long walks were for that's what
the drugs were for there was several
instances where I just wanted to jump
off that bridge just they did so many
things to try to get justice and time
and time again they were turned away I
know Tampa PD has him on their radar I
know the FBI has him on their radar he's
just the worst kind of monster that was
out there and I really hate him he
didn't just ruin my life he doing all my
brother's lives he needs to be held
accountable
