the color is reporting subject holding a
shoplifter at 90 seconds later okay what
star is it promise Vijay's tall trees 90
second one jr west allis no this is this
is not a movie this is this is real life
and I see the life being choked out of
my son by three grown men who couldn't
control themselves and what they call
their attempt to restrain somebody we
don't happen because he's in the
hospital well yeah we know there we was
cut off or at least my blood flows head
one night sense that you're grabbing
them with one arm up here yeah and you
got your right arm wrapped around his
neck and you got his head in a headlight
on apparently now you can kill somebody
and it's not a crime we are here to make
it know that we will not stop until the
car silly family sees justice I want to
see if the system is gonna work I wanted
to work for me because I've been told
that that is supposed to work for all of
us so that's what I expect I expect for
this system to work
