the worst news
we're in Donetsk it's the biggest of the
cities in eastern Ukraine which is
pretty pro-russian and what's happened
yesterday is that three regional
administration's in three of the biggest
cities in the Donetsk region have been
taken over by supporters of Russia
they've declared this to be the People's
Republic of the people here consider
this an independent country again new
version though the promotion cause of
sorrow
mr. Doody Baja Tory provided
the worst news
Miss America Canasta ejaculation
Romanian are owed an issue at a time he
is life
Google naturally ten years Kanaka
Watertown I am in our y'know just been
inside the regional administration
building is completely taken over it's
full of people wearing masks with sticks
bats they're wearing protective gear
that they've made themselves they've got
a whole load of Molotov cocktails and it
looks like they're preparing for the
Ukrainian authorities if they decide to
come to come and take the building back
there they want to stay in the building
until a referendum on independence and
they've already said that that needs to
happen before May 11th and they
definitely want to be a part of Russia
no surprise there
