it's wednesday april 9th and hear some
of the news beyond the headlines an
explosion has ripped through a passenger
train in pakistan's Baluchistan province
killing 14 5 children are believed to be
among the dead the regional separatist
group United bellucci Liberation Army
has claimed responsibility for the
attack saying it was retaliation for a
recent offensive by a Pakistani
paramilitary force separatists in
Baluchistan have been fighting for
sovereignty since the 1960s US Secretary
of State John Kerry has accused Russia
of orchestrating the recent unrest in
eastern Ukraine and he has called
Moscow's involvement in Ukraine a quote
illegal and illegitimate attempt to
destabilize a sovereign state Kerry also
threatened Russia with a new round of
sanctions Russian President Vladimir
Putin says Washington has no right to
complain about Medellin after its own
involvement in Iraq Afghanistan and
Libya but earlier threats of sanctions
failed to discourage Russia from
annexing Crimea back in march eight
people were killed in violent clashes
between rival Palestinian factions at a
refugee camp in the south of Lebanon
according to local news reports a
militant group linked to Palestinian
President Mahmoud Abbas Fatah party
fought a rival Palestinian organization
spillover from Syria's bloody civil war
is reigniting tensions in neighboring
Lebanon where hundreds of thousands of
Palestinian refugees have been forced to
live in squalid camps for generations
various militias have historically
operated in the camps tensions there
sparked Lebanon Civil War which left
120,000 dead and lasted from nineteen
seventy five to nineteen ninety
whistleblower Edward Snowden told
Europe's top Human Rights body that
America surveillance program has been
illegally spying on NGOs like Amnesty
International and Human Rights Watch the
former NSA contractor was addressing the
council of europe via a webcam from
moscow where he has been living under
temporary asylum since releasing
thousands of pages of secret documents
last year Snowden says that the NSA
surveillance program violated the
European Union's privacy laws by
collecting massive amounts of data
without warrants or other authorization
check out the vice news youtube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world we
set up our camera we sit down and do the
interview and spend about 45 minutes
talking about Senator John Kerry and the
u.s. presidential election and it's just
ridiculous I mean all of this is going
on we're in the center of thailand's sex
tourism child prostitution problem and
we're talking about John Kerry and his
Purple Heart it was insane
