it's tuesday april eighth and here's
some of the new is beyond the headlines
more than half a billion people are
expected to vote in india's national
elections making it the biggest exercise
in democracy the world has ever seen
voting will take place over the next
five weeks allowing the government to
maintain a large roving police presence
at polling stations voting began in
India's northeast a region situated
between Bangladesh China and Burma that
has historically been home to regional
ethnic and Maoist insurgencies most
polls are projecting an easy victory for
the Hindu nationalist BJP party the
BJP's prime ministerial candidate
narendra modi has drawn a huge following
because of his strong stance on tackling
corruption in improving the economy
critics however say that model uses
ethnically divisive rhetoric to win vote
in the majority Hindu country the
overall results are expected to be
released on May 16 South Korean
officials had discovered a drone that
looks more like a model airplane making
it the third suspected North Korean
drone found in the south in the past two
weeks South Korean officials say the
plane was the same model as one that
crashed north of Seoul two weeks ago the
South Korean government believes that
plane departed from the north flew
across the border undetected and
eventually passed over the South Korean
presidential palace the aircraft
reportedly took 193 aerial pictures
before crashing on its way back to North
Korea South Korea's Defense Minister is
calling an emergency meeting to discuss
how to stop North Korean drones from
entering their airspace pro-russian
protesters stormed and occupied
government buildings in several cities
across eastern Ukraine the activists
demand a referendum on joining Russia
ukraine's interior minister blames the
recent unrest on deposed former
President Viktor Yanukovych whose
political base was also in eastern
Ukraine Ukrainian officials accused
Yanukovych of conspiring with Russia to
stir the unrest and a vowed to resolve
the crisis peacefully a Libyan militia
that took control of four of the
country's major oil ports has agreed to
lift its eight-month blockade after
striking a partial deal with the
country's official government the
petroleum defense guards have allowed
oil exports through
from two of the ports as they negotiate
the terms of an agreement that would
have them ending their siege altogether
the blockade has cost the Libyan
government an estimated seven billion
dollars in lost oil revenues the militia
blocked the ports to leverage more power
from the newly formed government
claiming that Tripoli was taking a
disproportionate share of their region's
oil money a peaceful resolution to the
dispute would be a noteworthy
development for the country plagued by
violence in fighting and chaos since the
government of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi
was toppled three years ago check out
the vice news YouTube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world suddenly the
protesters attacked apart
that's happening but we hearing some Big
Bang explosion
you
