it's monday april seven and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines the
syrian military has launched a deadly
offensive on rebel-controlled areas in
the outskirts of the capital damascus
rebels responded with mortar fire on
government locations and dozens of
people have been reported killed the
Syrian government reportedly decided to
launch the offensive after the rebel
al-nusrah front and another Islamic
militant group rejected a truce offer by
the government and took several members
of a reconciliation committee hostage
for almost a month the Syrian government
has stepped up military pressure on
rebel-held areas around Damascus in
recent months an effort they hope will
coerce rebels to accept cease fires and
handover weapons in exchange for an
easing of a siege on humanitarian
supplies Rwandan president and one-time
rebel leader Paul Kagame accused France
of playing a direct role in the genocide
that killed more than 800,000 ethnic
tootsies in 1994 Paris responded by
cancelling travel plans for a French
delegation to attend an upcoming
ceremony in Rwanda to mark the 20th
anniversary of the massacre Kagawa's
comments are in reference to Frances
decision to provide military support to
the genocide all who to lead government
early in the conflict French officials
adamantly denied Frances culpability in
the genocide however referring to the
Rwandan president's comments as a
falsification of history Kagame also
blamed Rwanda s former colonial power
Belgium for their role in the massacre
of Tootsie's the rau highlights tensions
between Rwanda and the European
countries during the administration of
Kagame a former commander of the Tutsi
rebel forces that ended the genocide
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban
has declared victory in parliamentary
elections after polls showed his
center-right fidesz party has won forty
five percent of votes with most of the
ballots counted the country's far-right
Jobbik party took twenty one percent of
the votes an increase from the sixteen
percent they won in the last general
elections four years ago despite being
known largely for anti-semitic anti-roma
rhetoric chubbuck is now one of the most
powerful far-right political parties in
all of europe the results reflect the
country support of or bans economic
policies which favor remaining a member
of the european union but with a strong
nationalistic skepticism of the
arrangement hungry swing to the right
has been strengthened in recent years by
a growing desire to eradicate the
remnants of communism in the country and
to lower the national budget deficit to
levels that meet EU regulations three
Israeli Nobel Prize laureates have
developed an anti radiation belt
designed to protect first responders to
nuclear disasters the stem rad 360 gamma
contains lead which is known to protect
the body from radiation and is designed
to cover the pelvis where most of the
bodies renewable bone marrow is
concentrated the belt has not yet been
tested on humans and real radiation
disasters but that hasn't stopped orders
from pouring in from Russia Japan and
Israel check out the vice news YouTube
channel for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world the
main diagnosis is emotionally behavior
disturbed and then a lot of it is just
aggression gtalk stones come over
knocked away
you
