it's Wednesday April 2nd and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines a new
and violent outbreak of Ebola in Guinea
has killed at least 80 people so far and
is spreading across the West African
country at an alarming pace cases also
have been reported in neighboring Sierra
Leone as well as in Liberia Ebola is one
of the world's deadliest infectious
diseases and kills nine out of ten
people infected victims bleed internally
as well as from their eyes and anus
Guineas president urged people to remain
calm and to take precautions to prevent
the spread of the disease
Turkish authorities fired water cannons
and tear gas at thousands of protesters
in Istanbul demonstrating against
preliminary local election results
demonstrators say the elections were a
sham and are calling for a recount while
Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan is
celebrating his party's victory official
results aren't expected to be announced
for several weeks the vote has been seen
as a referendum on air diwan's rule
which has faced ongoing violent
demonstrations for several months he's
responded with crackdowns on the
opposition and has tried to block social
media to silence dissent my Anwar is now
trying to use its national census to
further marginalize one of its most
oppressed ethnic minorities the census
will take a head count of more than 135
of the nation's ethnic groups but not
the row hinga the more than 800,000
members of that ethnic minority will
have to identify as being a part of
another group or be left out of the
count my and Mars Buddhist leaders fear
that counting the Rohan go would
legitimize their political demands
Theroux have been victims of mob
violence in the primarily Buddhist
country and tens of thousands live in
segregated and squalid camps and Bolivia
clashes between striking miners and
police left two dead and blocked traffic
on some of the nation's busiest highways
the miners were protesting a new law
that will give the state more control
over mining rights as of now independent
mining cooperatives conduct business
directly with private companies but the
new law would give the state a monopoly
on all mining contracts
mining leaders say they will keep
blocking the country's major highways
until their demands are met
check out the Vice News YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
