it's president Trump's birthday today
and so far all he's gotten is a
shout-out from Don Jr on Fox News happy
birthday dad I love you very much you're
getting absolutely no presents because I
figured five grandchildren is enough and
a surprise cake from the prime minister
of Singapore it was a pretty tame
celebration compared to the lavish
birthday parties Trump threw in New York
in Atlantic City in the 80s and 90s
you folks are really fantastic and as
far as surprised as a concern over the
years I've surprised a lot of people the
biggest surprise is yet to come
those parties featured pop stars
scantily clad dancers the mayor of New
York assorted heirs apparent and massive
cakes adorned with miniature Trump
Towers and the birthday boy himself
dressed up as Superman Marla Trump's
Donald's ex-wife tried to plan a low-key
surprise party for her husband's 50th
but he wanted a big blowout instead he
never changed she told the New York
Times which means even though there's
nothing on the White House schedule
today there will certainly be a party
for the commander-in-chief even if it's
nowhere as fun as the good old
you
