Boise them who I'm in Sudan FIFA Tata
and the AHA I can Timothy TV that
determining Karen who knock outside a
company car can a who knock out
corruption he had a mystery yet can I
earn a compatible any raffia to serve
Amami why don't you have a a charge
we're driving through Gaddafi's compound
in Tripoli its massive
he had battalions of troops in here
tanks he was one of his two houses he
got attacked by American airstrikes
we came here because we wanted to see
what Libya is like post-revolution what
happens when you take out a tyrant a
dictator and look at the power vacuum
that exists here now there are 300
different militias in Libya
everybody is land-grabbing fighting for
power fighting for control this country
is descending into darkness you know
we're seeing a pattern Egypt Iraq Libya
pull the dictators out and the result is
just chaos
how do you build something that's been
destroyed so comprehensively the
devastation it's just been blown to
smithereens
the wave of Arab Spring revolutions
reached Libya in early 2011 before long
escalated into a full-blown Civil War as
many as 50,000 Libyans lost their lives
in the battle to unseat dictator Muammar
Qaddafi from his bloody 40-year reign in
October 2011 rebels finally Qaddafi
after a prolonged and public torture and
execution thousands of Libyans traveled
from around the country to pose for
photos next to the once feared strong
man's mutilated corpse just nine months
later Libya held its first national vote
in half a century a step toward
stability that won wide praise from the
international community all this seemed
to signal a new and hopeful chapter for
Libya but an alga Motty director of
Libya's first think-tank says the
euphoria wore off quickly on the fall of
Tripoli in August 2011 there were
120,000 people that had been armed a
year and a half after that now you're
looking at anywhere in the region of
240,000 plus so those numbers have
doubled in that sense you'd have to ask
yourself why it took double that number
of people to be armed after a dictator
had been defeated so what are people
arming themselves for Qaddafi was able
to contain the natural frictions between
Libya's many tribes ethnicities and
religious groups with an iron fist but
with his death came a mad scramble for
power
more than 300 heavily armed militias
were slicing Libya up into a patchwork
of fiefdoms and after decades of
repressive rule the militias clearly
weren't going to bow down to any form of
central government yeah after Libya's
landmark elections a human rights lawyer
elisa dawn was appointed prime minister
not the heat gideon laser heat not my
duty la da la da da
as usual hey Hector any promise for a
new course for Libya evaporated in
October 2013
about a hundred armed militiamen stormed
a luxury hotel and kidnap prime
ministers a done they said that despite
the elections he had no legitimate claim
to power a militia called the committee
for protecting property took
responsibility for the kidnapping and
after weeks of negotiations the group's
leader agreed to meet us in a heavily
guarded secret location in Tripoli an
incident photography Michael haha
yadi valiant and is it their home and
one member will see them
hao women xi√† FIFA Tala and the LA I
can't imitate infinite a Tammany cannon
who knock outside a comedy club
Caramanica corruption he had a mystery
yet
hello can I earn a compatibility Alfia
to serve my mommy why don't you have a
shot second night let me share it is
Lamia
mom wear a beard like in the deceit are
another day is the time when they didn't
ask about nari
what star canal the militia release a
Don unharmed after a few hours but the
stunts reinforced the perception that
Libya's new government actually has no
power and that it's the militias that
are really in control many ministers
have been in charge of very strategic
area support the airport the oil
installations which is the economic
backbone it's country certain regions of
the country that are really vital are in
the hands occasionally of militias the
government doesn't really have a grip on
the things that really make you a
government in June 2013 the eastern oil
rich part of Libya known as Barca
announced that it was founding its own
independent state when that would
include the strategically important port
city of Benghazi Libya is southwestern
region Faison
followed suit in September eroding the
central government's authority even more
we traveled to what was once Libya's oil
rich economic engine the Eastern
territory of Barca but since late 2013 a
militia called the petroleum defense
Guard has been in control here and has a
choke hold on Libya's future Libya's oil
industry used to account for almost all
of the government's revenue and more
than 65% of the nation's GDP but the
militia has turned off the tap demanding
a power-sharing agreement with the
central government traveling into
Benghazi these days as a westerner is
asking for trouble but we wanted to
speak to the commander of the petroleum
defense guard to find out about his
long-term plans I would
and still a TV ad I'm Donna strategy
multi-level daughter the idea head
mashallah mashallah confetti effect
radical on Italian data awesome and I
hadn't photographer decay to shall be
her tell me a half a year we could
identify him
Elgin Franz militia is estimated to have
17,000 fighters about half the size of
the entire Libyan National Army
they are the Zayden government in a
panic Cena US ally entire electrical
even gelatine Phil miracle mentality
with Mia was suburb who are now neck
much more add a frittata and
merfolk well far higher than mere for
kyani dope if Douglas available Kakuma
Chateau diamond my had and among women
tragedy Yahoo motel has I wonder didn't
a cadet Macedon Method Man called a
logical water Arup ahem Zaidan
kalamullah
Oh Masuda yes a bottle OS ka meetha
janessa MK fucka boy named baka baka
dawa jefita be not a Kadena and
therefore I'm had he in when she had
cool mouth anymore without oil revenues
sedans efforts to rebuild Libya have
slowed to a crawl
take Libya's third largest city Misrata
the city suffered 40 days of artillery
tank and sniper fire during the
revolution today
three years later much of the city still
lies in ruins
so this is Kareem he actually lived here
on the second floor
it was his flat and he had a store here
and it's been completely bombed out now
I have no work I have no bliss for my
family the LA government do something to
this problem the bad thing in the
government is too much talking hmm
government must do something beside
talking one of the few functioning
institutions in Libya right now is its
prisons this one is run by a local
militia and filled with suspected
Gaddafi loyalists men tagged as enemies
of the revolution
exciting
Hey
we were forbidden from speaking to any
of the prisoners many of whom face
execution those we saw were too
frightened to speak on the other very
early fitori a lot of toffee never will
be deprecated La Mirada can use low-fat
a limit at the arms normally vomiting be
Muslim and bloody hard and not as a
deficiency does it happen
you must be very glad they met with the
governor like you Allah and in
terminology under my feet is definite
the country is now undergoing a national
conversation you know people are talking
because they have so many ideas that
they're not being able to express
beforehand those ideas they trickle down
and become political overnight and for
that reason many people are wondering
whether or not they're going to get
their fair share of the revolutionary
aspirations what they fought for and I
think it's easy to agree upon what you
don't want that being deaf II but
agreeing upon what you want is a
conversation that goes on in this
country as well as many countries in the
Arab world and whilst doing those things
and not having a an established central
power then a power struggle will occur
hi Regina Navami Qaddafi Grafton then
facade declare mojo Tina Varma Gaddafi
for another bellum officer marine Elam
lady nama work a field here at the Iowa
that I cut them lack today salawah charm
you
