it's Wednesday March 26th and here's
some of the news beyond the headlines
france's anti-immigrant National Front
party just won an election in haneun
Beaumont an industrial town that used to
be a stronghold of the Socialist Party
the National Front is leading in at
least six other towns where voters are
furious with socialist president fence
wall along for failing to reduce
unemployment the National Front has for
years been known for racist and
anti-semitic rhetoric but under the
leadership of marine lepen the party has
shifted its focus to the economic perils
of immigration and a growing European
Union a move which has made the
right-wing party more attractive to a
wider electorate think Russia has no way
to put pressure on the United States
think again the u.s. relies heavily on
Russia to furnish the engines that power
rockets that deliver astronauts into
space since NASA scrapped the shuttle
program in 2011 the US has had to rely
on Russian Soyuz capsules to get its
astronauts to the space station and
bring them back home the history of us
Russian cooperation in space goes back
to the collapse of the Soviet Union when
US backed companies and organizations
poured billions into helping rush I get
on its feet however the recent tensions
between Moscow and Washington could
hinder the u.s. Russian space
collaboration affecting NASA's future
role in space the Taliban killed at
least six people and left dozens wounded
in three separate attacks in Afghanistan
just ten days before the general
elections are set to take place and what
appeared to be coordinated attacks
throughout the country gunmen and
suicide bombers targeted the Independent
Election Commission building in Kabul a
bank and a sporting event the attacks
heightened security concerns for
Afghanistan that the country might not
be entirely ready to hold elections as
the u.s. prepares to withdraw its troops
by year-end and transfer power to the
Afghan National Security Forces
in spite of the civil war that has torn
its country apart for more than three
years the Syrian government has
announced plans to start its own space
agency according to syrian state media
the Council of Ministers approved the
formation of this new agency at its
weekly session with the goal of taking
advantage of existing space exploration
and Earth Observation technologies while
advancing scientific exploration is a
noble goal the same technology that is
used to launch a satellite can be used
in ballistic missiles check out the vice
news youtube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries from around
the world
