yo Donny calcio para para - no please
I'm lucky this one is okay
there were troops everywhere but they
weren't making much of a difference it
seemed like nothing could stop the
inevitable
despite the odds there were some central
Africans in bangy trying to stop their
city from tearing itself apart Jupiter a
local NGO was doing its best to
reconciliation tell me about this clinic
why it's so special and how it fits into
your strategy of reconciliation what we
have done is to take contact with
community leaders pastors Imams we talk
with them to encourage both Christians
and Muslim to come here and also in our
team you have both Christians nurses and
Muslims yes also which work together we
see that it is a strategy to build this
do you think a place like this can help
foster peace between the communities
Milas okay Kira Kira que que que pueden
hacen una sand√≠a yabba-dabba-doozy la
guillotine quite mean family quantity
Jupiter gave us some hope but they were
facing incredible obstacles they needed
much more help and it seemed like
international support would soon be on
its way
US ambassador to the UN Samantha power a
strong proponent of humanitarian
intervention came to town a few days
later to pledge support President Obama
asked me to travel to the Central
African Republic to show the people of
the Central African Republic that
America cares that the United States is
well aware of the suffering that has
gone on across the country but also that
the United States wants to determine
what it can do in order to support the
path of stability the path of
reconciliation and the path of course of
a return to democracy in this country do
you think it sends a mixed message to
stress any for accountability while
what is very important I think is that
he and the other transitional leaders
take steps to show the people that every
crime committed here is one that this
government takes seriously whether that
is a crime by celica militia or a crime
by anti-balaka if those messages are not
sent there is a very real risk that the
cycle of retribution and retaliation
will take hold right after power spoke
we saw the president's family catching a
flight to Binney fleeing the country for
many in the Central African Republic
powers words would not be enough
anything short of removing the president
from office would not be acceptable and
we were about to find out why Samantha
power just left we gonna call the
anti-balaka are attacking now so we're
gonna see what attack for a few days we
headed towards pk-12 where the attack
was happening it was about 5:00 p.m. and
the curfew there was six so we figured
we check it out and then go back to the
hotel
okay follow follow
we followed the French troops for a bit
then decided it would be wise to give
them a little bit of distance before
continuing that's when we started
running into trouble we came upon a
checkpoint that had just been set up the
anti-balaka attack happened relatively
minor but the former Celica now
masquerading as chatty info Mac had
responded by lighting up the surrounding
areas with a ton of gunfire
two men have been shot we were trying to
figure out how to get them to the
hospital but we were surrounded
we decided to load the wounded men into
the truck and try to take them to the
hospital
as soon as we got moving we had to stop
there was no safe way how do we get to
the hospital we didn't really know where
we were or how to get out
we were defenseless so we tried to grab
a white flag hoping it would serve as
sun protection where the French what do
you need them
that's Johanna Calipari appellate do not
please I'm lumpy okay right so you know
III sticky fingers may the power left
talked about reconciliation we were on
the road they're saying it was chatty
info Mac or Excel if I started firing we
got trapped we had to we had to run
inside so you could take the car in
there were two wound gate we picked them
up we're trying to drive out of here but
there was more gunfire we had to leave
and now we're hiding and waiting the
locals have been kind enough to help us
out show us where to go but it's uh it's
tense in like this is what these people
go through every night it's terrifying
is on there for monkeys you just the
Fuma valid so come on Jen go to the
titty cart you saw what they are in the
former for Marty issue of the Gramercy V
or in the foster home party where
peek-a-boos were talking Sao Paulo don't
you put after it got dark a few locals
told us they could show us a back road
to a nearby church where we would be
safe and the wounded men could receive
treatment we set off on foot towards the
church if we didn't see the Celica along
the way we would call the driver and
tell them it was safe so we went off
into the darkness
we finally got to the church there were
already tons of people hiding out there
we called the truck and they arrived
soon after
what a short while later we were told
that the men in the back did it make it
a few weeks after we left president
djotodia stepped down from office and a
new president was elected many members
of the celica fled north continuing to
attack the anti-balaka increased their
attacks against Muslim civilians brutal
lynchings became routine bangies Muslim
population dwindled from around 130,000
to less than 1,000 the United Nations
reported that the entire western part of
the country has been cleansed of Muslims
and is now debating deploying a
peacekeeping operation the time we spent
in the Central African Republic really
was a major turning point in the
conflict when the French troops came in
to put a stop to the Celicas reign of
terror it was a welcome sight for many
but everyone underestimated the
anti-balaka and despite them promising
that they would drop their weapons after
the celica left they proved to be just
as destructive the UN sending
peacekeepers would be a step in the
right direction but it could be a long
time before Moslems are safe again in
bangy
and an even longer time before those who
are forced to leave can come back
