it's Friday March 21st and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines Iran is
scrapping its plan to regulate
journalism after receiving an open
letter from more than 400 of the
country's journalists the controversial
plan would have required journalists to
apply for work permits through the
Ministry of Culture and periodically
submit their work for evaluation in
order to retain their licenses in the
letter journalists argued that these
restrictions went against president
Hassan rouhani's recent promise to
create a better relationship with the
media a controversial new law being
drafted in Iraq would make it legal for
children as young as nine to get married
if passed the law would give power to
refuse a marriage proposal only to a
girl's father the law is based on the
jafari school of Shiite religious legal
theory by creating different laws aimed
at Iraq she I community critics say this
could exacerbate the division between
the Sunnis and Shiites in the country
sectarian fighting has ripped Iraq apart
it amounts to some of the worst violence
the country has seen apart from the
us-led invasion just four years after
the Deepwater Horizon disaster BP has
won a new oil contract the new contract
gives BP 24 bids to begin offshore
exploration in the Gulf of Mexico a
contract valued forty 1.6 billion
dollars BP was barred from bidding on
new federal contracts because of the
2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill the ban
was lifted after it struck an agreement
with the Environmental Protection Agency
under this new agreement BP will
implement stronger safety rules and will
be monitored by an EPA auditor for the
next five years
the Lebanese army has deployed forces in
our South a Sunni town on the border of
Lebanon and Syria the tiny town of arsal
Lebanon has become a flashpoint as the
Syrian conflict spills across the border
the Lebanese army was deployed to the
area after protests erupted in the Sunni
town when their Shiite neighbors blocked
access to only Road in and out the town
has recently been the target of Syrian
air strikes as it is actively supporting
the anti-assad rebels in Syria check out
the vice news youtube channel for more
original reporting and documentaries
from around the world you have lost my
own brother lots of stay just fighting
here see if I was a man of anger I could
do tackle any gun and in network
performer to everybody go like a window
greet
