in December of 2013 vice news went to
the Central African Republic to try to
understand an underreported conflict
that was descending into what the United
Nations called complete chaos the week
before we arrived saw some of the worst
violence with hundreds killed in the
capital of bangy France and the African
Union already with a small troop
presence rushed in more soldiers to try
to keep the peace
what started as a rebel coalition
overthrowing a corrupt government was
now becoming a conflict split across
religious lines in a small mostly
forgotten country in the middle of
Africa we witnessed a major turning
point in the conflict one that would
lead to horrific ethnic cleansing the
Central African Republic is a landlocked
country smack dab in the middle of
Africa
despite being full of natural resources
like gold diamonds and uranium it's one
of the poorest countries in the world
after being ruled by France for decades
the country gained independence in 1960
since then it suffered one coup after
another in no small part due to the
meddling of neighboring countries like
Chad and Sudan as well as its former
colonial master France in 2003 Francois
Bozize a seized power and began a
10-year reign of incompetence and
corruption different rebel groups rose
up and by the end of 2012 a number of
them formed an alliance called the
celica a mostly Muslim rebel coalition
led by Michele djotodia the current
conflict really took hold in March of
2013 when the celica overthrew boses as
government and said about terrorizing
the country raping murdering and looting
djotodia declared himself president in
April and then proved either unwilling
or unable to rein in the celica the very
people who helped bring into power in
response mostly Christian self-defense
groups called the anti-balaka formed and
started fighting back civilians were
caught in the middle as the fighting
grew increasingly sectarian
Nutan mundo let me think that for the
past week
residents of bangy had fled to the
airport hoping that the heavy French
true presence there would keep them
protected we're at the airport refugee
camp right now refugees are still
streaming in and out it's really really
hot out something like 90 degrees and
there's really no shelter in there they
have limited amounts of water and limit
amounts of food no medicine we've heard
already a baby died of malaria others
are suffering from malnutrition there's
still a lot of fear here you can see
behind me there's a checkpoint and
people are armed with wooden clubs and
machetes and they're checking everyone
that goes in and out to make sure
they're not celica they've said that at
night the celica have tried to make
incursions into the camp to kill more
people Doctors Without Borders employing
mostly central Africans actually living
in the camps was the only group helping
what are some of the obstacles you guys
are facing here it just seems like
you're completely overwhelmed with tons
and tons of people and there's not that
much help in this camp and there's 33
thousand at least the situation is
really severe they don't have anything
they don't have what to become
toiletries they don't have food they
don't have shelter they're sleeping on
the ground thirty thousand people in the
same spot with nothing how many people
are there here from an SM we are six
international staff and about the 20
local employees here in the camp and how
many doctors three doctors so there's
three doctors for 34,000 people here
right now yes and no help is coming as I
don't know it's very unacceptable it's
not like they can't not know that there
is thirty thousand people right next to
the airport so I don't know why they're
ignoring these people they will not go
anytime soon there
they're still afraid they're gonna stay
for a while that same day Doctors
Without Borders released a controversial
open letter criticizing the lack of
response from the United Nations
humanitarian system things in the
airport camp were bad and getting worse
and we wondered how others were coping
we had heard that makeshift refugee
camps had sprung up in churches and
mosques so we headed to a local church
called the monastery of bliss brother
yelling along go now found himself
caretaker to thousands of displaced and
terrified people
san cipriano apt curve was ever
introduced it has made me mad no Danis
wacky effective so janky continued even
adore me who prefer cinema Montoya de
said digits zoom in Larnaca Maserati LED
monitor Japan quasi-convex I do you
support the French troops coming in here
you think it's a good day to toughen Oh
yaki esophagus work illa llah popular
Swahili presence no cannot Anka Devante
depois yoga Vallely shampoos
accomplishes Songkran law purposes what
desu Italy Akhil peace allez au travail
keep is vaca alors que pasol kill
preserver ammonia Adame shizzle the non
partner said boola voila many people
told us before this fighting that
Muslims and Christians in bangy live
together as neighbors why did it happen
so quickly that there was fighting
amongst these people that they turned
against each other hello Mustafa vet
clay SEC observe a Anton GDP note am/pm
siave and confluent music maker John
Sedgwick people say gee for sale
Arequipa ratio ya Shah Mardan say PDP
designing and combating issue the
Central African Republic didn't have a
history of religious conflict but the
recent rise the celica made up of mostly
Muslims had triggered a lot of anger in
the Christian majority population and
given birth to the anti-balaka
who blame the Muslims for the Celicas
actions resentment was brewing a local
named Lauren staying at the church told
us he now felt betrayed by his Muslim
neighbors
Alakazam bow shanira cassavas canoes in
má lá lá analogy material fatigue
motors in a basic way male finally in
Guatemala calabasa to our solar system
Kassala Anandapur Allah Allah Allah
Jalla WA la Sol mi Sol EDA and in the
streets we were hearing more and more
talk of a religious hatred
reconciliation seemed a distant thought
despite a heavy foreign true presence
intent on keeping the peace it was clear
that something was changing and that
something bad was building
