then Anderson went to Rio and reported
on the measures the city is taking to
reduce its crime rate for the World Cup
and the Olympics this is his debrief
it's not common to see dead bodies on
the streets of Rio it's very common to
see them in the favelas I was surprised
to find one dead body two blocks away
from Copacabana beach they had been shot
during a fight the night before but not
discovered until the Sun came up but you
know even though I was surprised to see
a body so close to one of the most
famous beaches in the world the
residents who were out walking their
dogs and getting coffee didn't seem
surprised at all it was very difficult
to get everyone to speak on camera we
spent three nights hanging out with one
drug gang and we weren't allowed to get
our cameras out just trying to earn
their trust it was incredibly
frustrating because we were watching
kilos and kilos of coke being imported
and cut by teenagers with assault rifles
on their backs but we weren't allowed to
film anything but in the end we couldn't
hook up with them because their camp was
actually raided by the the police a few
nights after we were there the other
drug gang we started hanging out with
they said we had to agree not to show
their faces and not to reveal too much
about the exact locations of things like
the lab where they cut their coke but
yeah it took at least three three nights
of hanging out all night I mean
literally 6-7 p.m. til til sunrise
before they finally trusted us enough to
say okay
cameras are no I didn't feel safe I mean
when you first enter a favela that's
controlled by drug traffickers it's
there are no lights or very few lights
you drive through a military-style
checkpoint on every corner there are
teenagers with with brand-new assault
rifle and they're saying you know two or
three Gringo's have just arrived shy let
them through and they eventually let you
through and you meet the drug boss and
he was okay with us he was he was
friendly and he said you know we were
okay to hang out there but you know at
the end of the day you're surrounded by
armed teenagers who were often drunk
stoned or or high on the coke that
they're there selling I felt like at any
moment we could say the wrong thing or
do the wrong thing or someone else could
say or do the wrong thing and and it
could it could turn turn nasty and of
course out there turning nasty means
someone ends up with 20 or 30 bullets in
them and there's a there's an unwritten
set of rules there I think where if the
traffickers do what they do to each
other and in their favelas then often
they're they're left unmolested and if
they were to kill a tourist or kill a
policeman and I think they know that the
police special forces the Bapat would
come into their favela and and just kill
20 or 30 people at random which has
happened before Bob they are the police
special forces their emblem is a skull
with a knife through it their motto is
knife in the skull they don't care at
all what the outside world thinks of
them or Rio or favelas all they care
about is you know after they've gone
through one of those brutal boot camps
in the world they are one of the most
lethal military forces certainly in
Latin America after they've gone through
all that
care about is chasing capturing or
killing the bad guys
we met quite a few people who said they
were they were happier to live under
drug traffickers then they are now
living in a police control for them when
drug traffickers or militias controller
neighborhoods they don't allow beti
crime and crimes like domestic violence
and rape just just don't don't really
happen because the drug traffickers will
kill the perpetrators I'm sure there are
lots of other people who are happier not
to live in neighborhoods controlled by
armed high teenagers with assault rifles
but it was surprising how many people
were happier to live under the rule of
the drug trafficking I didn't meet
anyone in the favelas who was excited
about the World Cup or the Olympics I
mean to be honest I didn't meet that
many people who even talked about it it
just doesn't even register for them I
don't think they think it will affect
them at all there are a lot of people
who are angry about the Olympics in the
World Cup because they see so much money
being spent on stadiums new roads bus
routes and no money whatsoever being
spent on them one of the biggest
complaints about pacification of the
favela
is that you know while there's a massive
focus on getting rid of armed drug
traffickers there is no focus whatsoever
on health care sewage
schooling and so I think the core of Rio
you know that the favela residents feel
completely neglected
