temp labor in a way isn't looked at as
an industry but it's a sector in it's an
industry and the industry is dealing in
moving human beads so instead of moving
Tomatoes I move human beans around
we live in a time when at the click of a
mouse goods from around the globe can
arrive conveniently at our doorstep mega
retailers like Walmart and Amazon have
created a seamless and efficient system
to get our goods to us quickly is a
great example of what's possible last
year during the busiest day of the
Christmas rush customers around the
world ordered more than 300 items from
Amazon every second and a lot of those
traveled through this bill what's not
seeing are the people who actually make
this possible kept out of the public eye
our temp workers employed without
benefits or securities they play an
integral role in keeping costs down and
profits high many of these workers stay
silent for fear of retribution often
having their livelihoods put in jeopardy
if they speak out wanting to know more
about this integral yet invisible
workforce we traveled across the country
scouring warehouses temp agencies and
temp towns in search of the people who
make our world of same-day delivery
possible
over 70% of our consumer goods come into
the u.s. from overseas unloaded at mega
ports like the Los Angeles Long Beach
maritime terminal cargo ships carrying
up to twelve thousand containers dock
here every day and the goods they carry
are unloaded and brought to warehouses
to be unpacked and sorted for the West
Coast an area an hour east of Los
Angeles known as the Inland Empire which
was once filled with horse ranches and
citrus groves is now warehouse central
we're out in front of Schneider
logistics which exclusively serves
Walmart they have over two million
square feet of warehouse space here in
the Inland Empire and it actually spans
three different cities the Inland Empire
has the largest concentration of
warehouses in the world and they serve
other retailers too like GE Nestle Home
Depot and Kmart to name a few as
retailers increase their online sales
it's at places like these that the
essential tasks of sorting labeling and
loading the stuff we buy happens online
sales are growing at a dizzying pace as
consumers increasingly look to the web
to make purchases in the big retails for
instance we will probably see a lot of
the behind-the-scenes workers actually
being temps and the conditions in these
warehouses can be deplorable because we
as American consumers now myself
included expect our goods to be shipped
to us just like that so what is it like
working at a warehouse what are the
challenges temp workers face
so we're meeting Xavier here then we're
gonna hear from him what it was like
working inside one of those massive
warehouses Javier's job was to unpack
and repack containers at a warehouse
where goods were often moved within the
span of a few hours what were you doing
nosotros cuando llegó almost no signal
on own trailer and a specific o e the SS
they said trailer que nosotros tenemos
que des cars are low Amano he tenemos
que era penelon diferentes trailers
Quran diferentes cidades destinos and
were there any grievances that you had
working in those conditions a peon
ocasion sk personas se que diga que
lastima Baba's son marma me ento bueno
Marita Elmo - volcano Sarah Hendrix
porque ellos my speedy el entonces es
aroun blanco por medio' Demi simply
adore es por el motivic a Yoshi
impressive a la voz para F in there with
math Kaname salud Parata me LEM is
compañeros
Javier's problems with accountability
and safety are common for warehouse
workers and as the sector of employment
expands more and more people are subject
to this kind of treatment since the
recession temporary employment has
increased has added more jobs than any
other industry in the United States
the earliest leader of the temporary
help industry was Elmer winter who
founded and was the CEO of manpower
incorporated manpower is the largest
temp industry from its founding in the
late 40s through the 1990s in the early
years of the temporary help industry
they very much played on this idea that
temp work was women's work in the public
arena all of the images that they sold
of temporary employment was of these
kind of white middle-class very feminine
women one of the big things that changed
I kind of set the context for these
cultural ideological changes was really
the rising global competition basically
employers had a choice about how to
respond and one of those responses could
have been to invest in workers and
instead they took what policymakers
called the low road and D invested in
workers cut permanent employees and
attempt out jobs temps are increasingly
part of a profitable business strategy
of corporate giants last year wal-mart
the world's largest retailer had its
best shopping season yet an Amazon
continues to expand its warehouses and
fulfillment centers even President Obama
has gotten on board because this type of
labor is impossible to outsource Amazon
is a great example of what's possible
last year during the busiest day of the
Christmas rush customers around the
world ordered more than 300 items from
Amazon every second
and a lot of those traveled through this
building what Obama doesn't mention in
his speech is how many of these
industries are using template to get
back on their feet in some distribution
warehouses temps outnumber direct hires
so in general the relationship between
client's company or the worksite company
a staffing agency and attempt scholars
have called this a triangular employment
relationship so unlike the normal
employment relationship which just has
two entities a worker and an employer
this has three entities it's supposed to
be clear who is responsible who is
liable for the workers but in reality
it's not always clear once we learned
that staffing agencies are as important
to the logistical system as warehouses
we started to see them everywhere we
followed the railroad tracks to Chicago
the heart of the country's supply chain
which is also a hotbed of the temp
staffing industry
we're at the centerpoint intermodal hub
about an hour outside of Chicago and
it's the only place in the country where
six major cargo rail lines intersect
just like in California people unpack
sort and label the boxes of goods that
come off these trains many of the same
problems like these workers and their
grievances get lost in the ambiguous
triangle between the worker the
warehouse and the temp agency in Chicago
there's yet another intermediary between
the worker and anyone taking
responsibility for safety labor brokers
known as right arrows are often hired by
agencies to do the dirty work of
wrangling the workers to and from the
warehouses we're on the side of the road
in the little village neighborhood of
Chicago which is the largest Hispanic
population in the u.s. who are waiting
and trying to see right arrows who are
basically due to shake up temporary
workers from the warehouses here they're
kind of another middlemen in the whole
system of getting temporary work in the
US
so we tried to talk to a writer who just
picked up a worker in his van but he
just sped off you didn't want to talk to
us at all
the right arrows didn't want to talk but
they kept circling back because they had
workers to pick up and money to make
we tried to speak with them again
with no luck these guys are doing
basically everything they can to avoid
us we just want to talk to them they're
still picking up the guys that they're
taking to the warehouse is these temp
workers who then pay them for the ride
since we had trouble getting right
arrows to speak with us we turned to
members of the Chicago workers
collaborative who offered to take us off
the main drag and further into the
neighborhood to a parking lot full of
right arrows I talked to a woman who got
on and left and I asked her where she
was going and she said to the shampoo
place right I said have you ever seen
the company name she doesn't know most
workers don't know the name of the
company even if they worked there for
five or six years writers used to be a
lot more open and like would talk to
people about what they do but the
staffing agencies basically told them
like if you keep talking about what our
business is we're gonna stop using you
so that kind of like intimidation
trickles down
even from staffing agent or entero right
arrow to worker as the first round of
workers left at about 5:00 a.m. we
decided to follow the next shift of
early morning temp workers to the
warehouses we're on the side of the
highway about an hour outside of Chicago
many of the warehouses that temp workers
go to are located in this area so we're
hoping to catch one of the right arrows
on its way to the warehouse and follow
it as it drops off workers
yeah there's one right there
it looks like there's like maybe eight
ten potentially more people in there
workers are at the mercy of right Arabs
who often charge each worker for their
ride in 2005 the Illinois State
Legislature made this form of coerced
theft illegal but it still happens all
the time
we like the temp workers being shuttled
didn't know where we'd end up
but our journey which began before dawn
brought us to great kitchens a frozen
pizza manufacturer that sells pizzas to
Walmart Walmart has perfected logistics
to a frightening science but the way
they do that is putting subcontractors
against each other to offer the cheapest
contract at the end of this great chain
of logistics the temp worker barely
hangs on their wages and prospects
blunted by the force of cost-cutting so
this morning we weren't really able to
talk to too many workers at the shape-up
understandably because a lot of them
were threatened with not getting a ride
if they did talk to us so instead we're
going to talk to essaouira who lives in
Cicero and she's worked for a bunch of
different you seem pleased Lennon purely
on the surface in a certain lots of
fizziness lots of his nest canta canta
tunnel right there oh you're right there
is ok ok busca la hint though this
siempre that preference er or right
arrows how much do you have to pay a
retainer to take you to the warehouse or
to LA - so you work 8 hours a day and
how much do you make every hour or 20
Cinco what's the owner Lasallian menos a
chicken pork a red nose as Quentin what
we'll try right there onozonozo chickie
a second oh no no no summers you know to
come with the chickens I noticed this
Quentin they'll cry you ok no sonic or
Apple check for cambiar so at the end of
every week I mean how much money are you
taking on don't see enter so chant and
so that would leave you with you know a
little bit more than $1,000 a month is
that enough are you able to survive oh
no I assume with Ottawa notice over me
corn is no se puede vivir con ese sorry
are there any right taro is like other
guys that you trust anyone tener que
tiene trihard says panono I told what
were they see if they at all at this
point a second could you specifically
tell us of an instance that you
witnessed sexual harassment and what
happened no question we all know in this
eme tenemos tres mrs. castevet no ha no
honest a persona it was me okay Miss
Ferrara Jaime's asperities we have a
continent in you yo-dee-hey que paso see
me where you I don't know
there's family home solutely see
Nauticus at i don't have their pocket
they beat Osama so no telly
he's a custodian ignorant racist Niecy
machine and it anivia todo lo que no
pass para-para-paradise hidden product
any Manos como la gente so fray in and
porque lo permitting me mahi no care
mucho dinero de por medio' no sé pero
las docenas tempura no Stan ignorant a
settlement that are you originally from
the US make you go do you regret coming
in this country it sounds like things
are really hard with Samara Pete you
know Scott's awesome his purpose mr.
SEOs s10 Mexico
you seem him in the computed solution
assisted by a sparrow
we said give Assyria the one well most
reticence for asara and many workers who
aren't able to find legitimate
employment temp agencies are an
imperfect necessity eking out a living
means facing a battery of indignities
one of the ways that you can tell the
temp work is such a large player in
Chicago is the sheer number of temp
agencies that line the streets we went
for a ride with Leone to learn more
about how they operate the problem with
temp labor is that it's set up to fail
the workers at the bottom you have the
client company at the top that gives out
contracts to the staffing agencies in
order to win that contract staffing
agencies have to underbid other staffing
agencies and by the time they win a bid
they have underbid other agencies and
the only way they can make even a small
profit is by shorting workers hours
charging them for rides getting
kickbacks from check cashing agencies
and temp labor in a way isn't looked at
as an industry our argument is that it's
a sector and it's an industry and the
industry is dealing in moving human
beings so instead of moving Tomatoes I
move human beings around it feels to us
like in the last 10 or 15 years that the
idea of using a temp agency is no longer
something that client companies do a
little here and a little there but it
really feels like it's the new way that
people work how do you operate in what
might essentially be kind of like a post
Union landscape in a country that no
longer like produces many of the things
that we consume the theory for us
doesn't hold water because the vast
majority of template's in our experience
are at the poverty level or below and
you we're not going to rebuild the
economy through
time temp labor as we pastor on staffing
Leonie mentioned Carlos Santino's one of
the most extreme examples of how a
worker can fall through the cracks in
this triangular employment and a few
years ago one of their workers was
killed when at a shampoo factory several
hundred gallons of water mixed with acid
fell on him and he suffered third-degree
burns and even though his skin was
peeling from the acid neither the
warehouse nor the temp agency would call
911 he was finally taken to seek medical
care in a co-workers van it took 98
minutes to get enough from his place of
work where the accident occurred till he
got to the emergency room and and then
he spent three weeks suffering in the
hospital and died it's like a brave new
world right war is peace up is down left
is right tempis perm if there is an
injury on the job the 10th company might
say we're not at the worksite we don't
control what work that temporary worker
is doing meanwhile the worksite employer
will say look we are not the employer of
this worker how can we be held
responsible for this injury while the
conditions are harsh and the treatment
borderline abusive these jobs are still
highly sought after even qualified
workers like Reggie Hudson a
construction worker with 20 years of
experience struggle to find work so
Reggie you're looking for temp work
today
yeah yes it has it been a problem
getting temp work yeah I've been having
bad experience with two babies why do
you think it is that you're not able to
get temperance I feel good you
been discriminated you know because uh
maybe in the Black Canary and so where
we going right now
what MVP right now discrimination
against employees is illegal and but
with this triangular employment
relationship between the worksite
employer the staffing agency and the
temp it can be quite difficult to even
know that discrimination is going on
well I went inside and you know they was
saying they had worked for people and
that uh Stood Still told you know that
sent you out so you have steel toed
boots
yeah and that's because you used to work
construction right correct how much were
you making on Union construction jobs
like thirty six dollars out I'm here at
make if you get called in tomorrow I
think she said start off with like
twelve twelve hours that's that's a big
that's a big loss but I'm willing to do
that as supply for my family so what do
you think the chances are of like them
saying come battery to call at 4:30 is
sofa grass there has been extensive
research we see that most temp agencies
who locate in cities are locating in the
segregated immigrant neighborhoods
rather than the african-american
neighborhoods so just by where they're
setting up shop they're seeking to
recruit a particular kind of worker but
then when African Americans go to that
staffing agency and put in their
application they may not get called back
unlike their immigrant or Latino
counterparts
the clustering of temp agencies in
immigrant neighborhoods is most acute in
New Brunswick New Jersey a small city
outside of New York temp agencies target
workers who live here but send them to
work an hour south where most warehouses
are located like people we met across
the country
margarita Lee misses day starts well
before the sunrise
well normal evangelist quadruple a
preparar me a a las Cinco Cinco Marius a
steno Castle Yahoo style in transporting
you think'll say sign you see a trabajar
angle is more lugar in one cameo
maintenance welcome for casaya anything
you think oh those thing always steals
and I mean apart any single families
fathers care opinion than me you mean
Carlos Augusto de is this easy my area
of business with the cafeteria was
trabajo que ellos vienen de semanas a OC
no tengo que usted trabajo extra where
they you know salga de una voya otro
para que puede contar para ellos para
mis hijos mean - go be fine
tengo que trabajar aqui tienes mucha
gente careful sake
not quality many there look at the model
boost angle that accion SPOC
you booster - I'd see honest my handsome
a psychodrama
how much money do you make per hour
and so is that enough to sort of make
ends meet
and do you think that's I mean unfair
essentially because your you're working
for these companies and make these
things that potentially you can't buy a
lot of Christmas justo porque los años
que tengo trabajando Kanye's with no map
I'm being it's a message that you have
to people who don't know that this is
how the goods are they by getting them
there people like you know an acacia
property is come from
somos nosotros guineas
la prossima para las tiendas
you know seven in the ten years of war
house of mantra panel raha Doris
it is now a misconception that temporary
work is actually temporary we've
definitely seen temps working for 10
years 15 years at one employer everyday
as though he or she were a regular
employee retailers and warehouse
companies are responsible for making
profit and while unpleasant one very
effective tool is relegating workers to
permit Em's how many people want a
full-time position go out do the type of
work that gets noticed you want to be a
career temp you want to make a little
bit of money maybe save enough buying to
buy a TV or buy a new phone we'll put
your phone back on for a few weeks and
then go disappear again ok you can have
that life if that's what you want but if
you want to get on the carousel of
opportunity you got to show up you got
to be consistent you got to be committed
to doing this what kind of work can you
sort of mediate so our clients come to
us and they tell us we have a project to
work on or we need to staff up for the
holiday season whatever the need may be
my principal job is to make sure I
provide them with quality workers I have
a corporate background and I understand
that the key is wherever you serve your
product it's got to taste the same look
the same act the same like there are
other places that continuously sort of
do the wrong way and what's the benefit
of doing it the wrong well I've heard
I've heard some stories I've heard some
situations and quite frankly they
saddened me but I know in the industry
there are people that choose to take
shortcuts they may employ people that
are not legally able to work in this
country now I am NOT going to dispute
the fact that there are companies out
there in a triad relationship between
undocumented worker desperate worker as
you referred to which is probably the
appropriate terminology staffing agency
taking full advantage of that situation
client taking advantage of that
situation this mega billion
billion-dollar industry it's one of the
largest industries in the world do you
think it's a net good to have more
temporary workers just generally as a
labor force if the alternative is to
have less people employed then I think
it's an advantage to have more temporary
workers can you tell us how many people
you put to work today today we put out
427 people and we've been averaging
between 4 or 500 what seeing changes
into the hierarchy of the temp labor
experience for whatever reason companies
are choosing to create this other sector
of employment which is what I call
steady temporary some staffing agencies
or just meat markets process people get
them in get them out the bottom line is
we all have choices in this industry is
my workforce a commodity are they no
different than a package of batteries on
the shelf or are they a person a human
resource that has the ability to not
only endure but to develop and grow so
could you tell us roughly what
percentage of temporary workers end up
becoming direct hires from your agency
absolutely we're tracking right now
about 1 of every 50 people we send out
gets converted over to a direct hire
spot that is swimming against the stream
of the other activity ok that is
offering opportunity and hopefully I'm
building a trend that other people
notice still the majority of the people
sitting on those folding chairs aren't
gonna find that situation just because
of situations that neither of us can
change companies are made up of
different levels of work they have their
executive branch they have their middle
management they have their rank-and-file
and they have what I call entry-level
unskilled there's always going to be a
need for that group of individuals the
Panama Canal is currently being expanded
and will double and width meaning even
bigger ships stuffed with more of the
things we buy will be able to make
landfall on the East Coast
at super maritime facilities like the
Elizabeth Seaport not only are more
Goods coming into the country but other
industries like food are being roped
into the same super warehousing system
Amazon is primed to do to the grocery
store what it did to the bookstore the
online retailer has perfected logistics
to such a degree that it can not only
feed our desires but can literally feed
us we're in central New Jersey about an
hour south of New York City and behind
me you'll see the future home of Amazon
fresh a 1.2 million square foot
warehouse that's going to be the hub of
Amazon's new grocery delivery service
Amazon fresh plans on offering same-day
delivery and what's crazy is that it
takes places like this giant warehouses
staffed by temporary workers to make it
possible for me to order cereal online
and get it delivered the same day this
whole area used to be farmland and
you'll still be getting your food from
here but instead of from farms it'll be
from warehouses even though the
logistical industry is set to expand
that doesn't mean the conditions for
workers will get any better
for perma temps the prospect of joining
the consumer economy that they support
to their labor remains slim unless
Arkansas prácticamente sync wines we see
SLO temporal is the pero ways concrete I
meant a no no satisfactory opal a
perception ricetec America less in
trabajo year a a tiempo de Nieva
de la Cinco de la mañana says Casio
mucho drove at the logical I mean y'know
they're Keynesian a Canseco not wake on
every obvious cannot go draw your drama
I mean is there any kind of like
psychological toll that takes on you do
you feel unstable is it tough to just
sort of not know see Priscilla Priscilla
psychologically ultra wanna kill yes
lying segorita like zygerria a tener
draw constantly and how much do you make
per hour what is your hourly wage Oh Cho
dole at is lower and if you work 40
hours a week you make 320 dollars a week
in in perception emberato CSUN los
testigos wednesday pero ella perception
net asunto cientos current is yet
des Gracia meant a magnet odd o que
ahora es muy difícil muy difícil en
contra rapport compañía y por ESO que da
Mo's in Manos de las Ciencias en la
llevamos lon si si de y unos meses nice
akhira tenemos la opción de protester
porn une derecho say I mean this seems
like a silly question in some ways but
why is it that you came to the country
in the first place where no porque again
bueno la palabra comme une yes sir
americano is the treatment that you get
the uncertainty that you have like even
worse than you had expected it to be
with yo sista
Antonia conocimiento de Lori
no puedo hacer decir que fue para lo que
pensé que estaba consciente de lo que yo
no tenia conciencia era el sistema para
buscar el trabajo sobre todo del social
yes a cos Oviedo DSO no vengo quien dejó
su familia como por gusto en dejas su
casa por gusto nadie y siempre es las
palacio de tratar avocado esperamos
perception yo en notado que canta
americana Ganden appearances was uno por
toda para trabajar para so it is se la
lucha de la reforma we have
unprecedented levels of insecurity of
job insecurity in American workers today
this is not just for temps and not just
for contract employees but also for
run-of-the-mill workers who feel highly
insecure in their work lives even if
they have a so-called permanent job and
this is really because of this new
cultural ideology about how how little
workers mean to it employers the fact of
the matter is we do live in a
capitalistic society nothing will change
that structure and that's good in its
bed in one way it might help a company's
bottom line and be more productive but
it's also eliminating jobs now what do
all those people go for work ok so
there's no solution to that situation
the only solution to it and the numbers
are a few out of the group will move up
right that's just the way it is the
economic growth of the US is pegged to
the actions of the nation's consumers as
the technology for delivering our goods
gets better and online sales continue to
grow warehouse work is becoming even
more crucial but due to the spreadsheet
efficiency of sourcing essential labor
to temp workers and the low margins
squeezed throughout the supply chain an
entire subclass of people many of whom
are immigrants are being pushed to the
margins of poverty
OCN haciendo lo hacen
poor poor konami su negocio Ilokano
zodavia's comment ammos todo esto con el
público e SI su p era todo lo que
nosotros NOS a simple ahmo's para ser si
trabajo what's worse is this kind of
employment could be a stepping stone to
the middle class but instead the very
people who make our consumer economy the
most advanced it's ever been are trapped
in a permanently temporary existence
a Kiowa voy para dos meses penance
estado not rose city of mass not spoke
Baroness mass mass Incan grantees to
positioned okay Mira impression kill
temporal for her lapis Erica
