it's Thursday March 13 and here's some
of the news beyond the headlines
Colorado rakes in two million dollars in
first month of legalization legal weed
is bringing green to the state of
Colorado since recreational pot was
legalized last month smokers have packed
some two million dollars in tax revenues
into the state's coffers medical
marijuana has brought in an additional
1.4 million dollars and it's only
getting higher so say legislators who
pointed out that only a fraction of pot
stores are ready for business on day one
Governor John Hickenlooper predicts
total taxes and fees will exceed 35
million dollars by June in January alone
Colorado's pot sales topped 14 million
dollars the first 40 million raised in
pot taxes and fees will go to school
construction and improvement Israel
passes law meant to draft ultra-orthodox
ultra-orthodox Jews are no longer exempt
from being drafted into Israel's
military Israeli lawmakers on Wednesday
pass the controversial law that requires
nearly everyone to serve in the military
the nation's ultra-orthodox men had been
exempt to forego the standard three-year
military service for religious studies
since the nation's founding in 1948 the
move to change this has sparked a series
of protests but secular and less
religious Israelis have complained that
the ultra-orthodox are not doing their
fair share the UN says North Korea is
avoiding sanctions north korea has been
evading sanctions using sophisticated
financial schemes and by conducting
illegal arms sales from his embassies
around the world that's according to a
new United Nations report north Korea
has managed to keep these transactions
out of sight by using the same money
laundering techniques used by
international drug cartels according to
the report north korea has gotten even
more brazen its authors say the
country's missions in cuba and singapore
had tried to arrange for cuban fighter
jets and missile parts to be smuggled
back home aboard a containership panama
intercepted the ship as it passed
through the panama canal and sees the
illegal cargo last july protests
escalate into violence in Turkey tens of
thousands of demonstrators have flooded
the streets and cities across Turkey to
protest the death of a 15 year old
injured during clashes with the
government the boy Burke and Elvin died
Tuesday from head injuries he sustained
during anti-government protests last
summer he was reportedly on his way to
buy bread when he was caught in clashes
between the police and protesters in
history
gezi Park he has become a symbol of the
gezi Park protests and of the
government's harsh response police fired
tear gas on some of the protests that
followed his funeral an ironic response
to rallies that called for an end to
police brutality check out the vice news
YouTube channel for more original
reporting and documentaries around the
world the bottom line is we all have
choices in this industry is my work
force a commodity are they no different
than a package of batteries on the shelf
or are they a person what the question
of 2000
