once we get across this water we're
gonna be in mainland Ukraine and the
reason we're taking the train is because
people have been trying to cross the new
Russian checkpoints between Crimea and
the mainland have been stopped and
arrested and taken down to the security
services in Sevastopol the Train is the
safest option right now
this is Chum gar this is where the
Russians have put up their new
checkpoint and defense but we're gonna
go to the other side of it so that we
can film it from the Ukrainian
controlled side because it's safer that
way
not in Crimea anymore this is mainland
Ukraine
that's it so we're here at the Ukranian
checkpoint before you get into Crimea
I think the Ukrainian army has just come
down here in the last couple of days
they're digging in because the Russian
army has brought their forces into the
Ukrainian mainland so they're actually
outside of Crimea already and they're on
a small Peninsula jutting out of the
Ukrainian mainland and this is a sort of
no-man's area between this checkpoint
and the checkpoint of the Russians
twelve kilometers that way
so the Ukrainian military has announced
a countrywide military drill there's a
lot of columns of machinery and
artillery heading south towards Crimea
but this is the last point at which
we're at this checkpoint upon you my
resistivity still dilatory crema
notorious on blisters polish it is this
that occurs when you acquiesced
Atocha notorious all right
muta to the dial so where to store
non-renewals varied Potamus two nominees
Vietnam will see I got a vasectomy stove
Brittini pretty with a key - a key no
emotion on our list
I want to see what the view of the road
is like from the inside one of these
armored personnel carriers this is a
pretty heavy gun I spoke with a motor to
that mr. holiday sudomotor too missed it
I don't know where you can put all those
people so this is the inside of a Soviet
built armored personnel carrier it's got
a pretty heavy machine gun over here a
lot of ammunition and all of its points
at Crimea
these soldiers they seem like nice guys
but you've got to take into
consideration that over the last 22
years since the collapse of the Soviet
Union Russia has been involved in a
number of conflicts on its own territory
and beyond and Ukraine has been totally
peaceful so few of these soldiers are
gonna have any real battle experience
the commander just told me he didn't
want us filming there forward most
positions those are their little secrets
so it's all smiles here on the Ukrainian
side now we're gonna head to the Russian
checkpoint see what the vibe is there
a week ago this was just a highway
between one podunk town in Ukraine and
another and now it's turning into an
international boundary - the Russians
have put a barbed wire fence in that
field
I'm a little bit more nervous here
because because some journalists who
have been going through the Russian
checkpoints have had their equipment
stolen and they've been arrested there's
been two groups already that have gone
missing and then showed up in Sevastopol
in the office of the security services
and I'm hearing the bear cooked riot
police officers who were fighting the
protesters in Kiev a lot of them came
from Crimea and the bear crew has been
disbanded but now that they're back home
the Russians have reinstated it and
there Manning this checkpoint they wear
the blue uniforms anam resolution osaka
deeds new might free essa the civil
union
Hey
very cool they just grabbed us they
grabbed Freddie they took us behind the
corner yeah questioned us when in our
pockets took all our stuff looked at our
passports I think we were saved by the
fact that they didn't want to create an
international incident I was telling
them how can you grab this like that we
were on arms we're not a threat well
we've got his cameras and he was like
one of the guys in the mask he's looking
at me and he's going how do I know
you're not armed I saw your cameraman
with a knife I saw the other cameraman
he had a gun and you're trying to tell
me you were unarmed we know you know
what you're up to that kind of talk
basically just bracing us eventually it
calmed down a little bit
Oh
