let's talk per second
once we learned that staffing agencies
are as important to the logistical
system as warehouses we started to see
them everywhere
we followed the railroad tracks to
Chicago the heart of the country's
supply chain which is also a hotbed of
the temp staffing industry we're at the
center point intermodal hub about an
hour outside of Chicago and it's the
only place in the country where six
major cargo rail lines intersect just
like in California people unpack sort
and label the boxes of goods that come
off these trains many of the same
problems have flipped these workers and
their grievances get lost in the
ambiguous triangle between the worker
the warehouse and the temp agency in
Chicago there's yet another intermediary
between the worker and anyone taking
responsibility for safety labor brokers
known as bright arrows are often hired
by agencies to do the dirty work of
wrangling the workers to and from the
warehouses we're on the side of the road
in the little village neighborhood of
Chicago which is the largest Hispanic
population in the u.s. we're waiting and
trying to see right arrows who are
basically dudes who shake up temporary
workers for the warehouses here they're
kind of another middlemen in the whole
system of getting temporary work in the
US
so we tried to talk to a writer who just
picked up a worker in his van but he
just sped off he didn't want to talk to
us at all
the right arrows didn't want to talk but
they kept circling back because they had
workers to pick up and money to make
we tried to speak with them again
second
with no luck these guys are doing
basically everything they can to avoid
us we just want to talk to them they're
still picking up the guys that they're
taking to the warehouses these temp
workers who then pay them for the ride
since we had trouble getting right
arrows to speak with us we turned to
members of the Chicago workers
collaborative who offered to take us off
the main drag and further into the
neighborhood to a parking lot full of
right arrows I talked to a woman who got
on and left and I asked her where she
was going and she said to the shampoo
place her and I said have you ever seen
the company name she doesn't know most
workers don't know the name of the
company even if they worked there for
five or six years right Tara's used to
be a lot more open and like would talk
to people about what they do but the
staffing agencies basically told them
like if you keep talking about what our
business is we're gonna stop using you
so that kind of like intimidation
trickles down even from staff agent or
entero right arrow to worker as the
first round of workers left at about
5:00 a.m.
we decided to follow the next shift of
early morning temp workers to the
warehouses we're on the side of the
highway about an hour outside of Chicago
many of the warehouses that temp workers
go to are located in this area so we're
hoping to catch one of the right arrows
on its way to the warehouse and follow
it as it drops off workers
yeah there's one right there
so it looks like there's like maybe
eight ten potentially more people in
there
workers are at the mercy of right Arabs
who often charge each worker for their
ride in 2005 the Illinois State
Legislature made this form of coerced
theft illegal but it still happens all
the time
we like the temp workers being shuttled
didn't know where we'd end up
but our journey which began before dawn
brought us to great kitchens a frozen
pizza manufacturer that sells pizzas to
Walmart Walmart has perfected logistics
to a frightening science but the way
they do that is putting subcontractors
against each other to offer the cheapest
contract at the end of this great chain
of logistics the temp worker barely
hangs on their wages and prospects
blunted by the force of cost-cutting so
this morning we weren't really able to
talk to too many workers at the shape-up
understandably because a lot of them
were threatened with not getting a ride
if they did talk to us so instead we're
going to talk to essaouira who lives in
Cicero and she's worked for a bunch of
different you seem pleased let empyrion
las oficina Septim la oficina sufficient
as canta canta tunnel right there oh
you're right there is okay okay busca la
gente dosis siempre that preference yeah
perfect arrows how much do you have to
pee right arrow to take you to the
warehouse or - ah - so you work eight
hours a day and how much do you make
every hour or 20 Cinco what's the only
Salome nose the cheeky pork every knows
as Quentin or they'll dry right there oh
no nose a nose - cheeky a second oh no
no no samus you know - come with me cos
I know says this Quintin they'll cry you
okay no sonic or Apple check for cambiar
so at the end of every week I mean how
much money are you taking no don't seem
to so chant and so that would leave you
with you know a little bit more than
$1,000 a month is that enough are you
able to survive well no I said with that
I thought one other story read conness
no se puede we read Co necessary
are there any right Terry
other guys that you trust a new comer
tener que da letra ha says panono I told
what were they city at all at this point
a circuit did you specifically tell us
of an instance that you witnessed sexual
harassment and what happened
no no pacion quickl no in the CA me
tenemos tres mrs. castevet no ha no
honest a persona
it was me okay miss parada he misses
paratus they have a contact entity
yo-dee-hey que paso see member you I
don't know just one maybe home so we did
you see Nauticus at around had the
uppercut the embittered amo so no telly
he's a custodian it la gente es s nice
imagine anything idea todo lo que no
pasa para para para ver SI un producto
de Manos como la gente souffle in island
porque lo permitting me mahir ok very
mucho dinero the poor male yo no s√©
pero las docenas tempura no standing
laurent a settlement are you originally
from the US make you go do you regret
coming to this country sounds like
things are really hard
I was Samara Pinto you know Sporto
Sammy's purpose mr. C hos Justin Mexico
you see maybe the computed solution is a
step espero
we said give Assyria the one well most
reticence for Essaouira and many workers
who aren't able to find legitimate
employment temp agencies are an
imperfect necessity eking out a living
means facing a battery of indignities
the problem with temp labor is that it's
set up to fail the workers
