it's Tuesday March 11th and hear some of
the news beyond the headlines the cute
smiley faces and cartoon symbols sent
from phone to phone pose no threat to
islamic sensibilities that's according
to a new fatwa issued by a Russian
jihadist group the Quran clearly
prohibits the depiction of human beings
but the holy texts came to be long
before emojis became a thing and that's
why the learned theologians of the
Caucasus base balad Dagestan felt the
need to weigh in this week they say the
emoticons don't really look like people
at all and are therefore okay for most
people but the same fatwa prohibits
women and girls from sending emojis to
members of the opposite sex outside
their family a leader of Mexico's
Knights Templar drug cartel has been
declared dead for a second time Mexican
authorities had first announced the
death of nazario Moreno back in 2010 but
it turned out the man nickname the
craziest one was in fact still quite
alive until Sunday that's when he was
killed in a firefight with the Mexican
army and this time they made sure
verifying his identity with an analysis
of all ten fingerprints Murano pseudo
Christian philosophy set him apart in
the drug world a Bible that he wrote
spelled out his pseudo religious code
and was required reading for his
underlings the group justified its
brutal violence including beheadings as
being a part of a higher spiritual
movement at least 42 migrants have
drowned in the Arabian Sea off the coast
of Yemen when their boat capsized on
Sunday a Yemeni naval patrol boat
managed to rescue about 30 migrants they
took them to a refugee camp in May fuh
this latest incident highlights the
dangerous reality for migrants in search
of a better life in December alone more
than seven thousand migrants died at sea
or crossing deserts most on the way to
Yemen and Israel global warming could
lead to a spike in New malaria cases in
densely populated regions of Africa and
South America American and British
researchers have found evidence that
malaria creeps to higher elevations
during warmer years rising global
temperatures means new populations will
be exposed to malaria and since this
will be their first exposure to the
infection they will be more vulnerable
to severe and fatal cases
check out the vice news YouTube channel
for more original reporting and
documentaries from around the world
entonces m-pesa ser un blanco por medio
de mi simply adores por el motivo a que
yo siempre al-sabah la voz para offender
pues mas que nada mi salud pero tambien
a mis compa√±eros this is silly one in
ibiza
