we've come to a place that's very holy
for Russians in Crimea
it's where the first leader of Russia
Prince Vladimir accepted Christianity
but the reason we're here has nothing to
do with Russians we're here to meet a
group of Serbian chetniks who come here
from Serbia to support the Cossacks in
defending Crimea from the West and these
guys are all military veterans of the
wars - the widow's Luke rimshot sir be
eros Oh a kiss from a girl across Lake
away she was suing the lodge the
riccardo broschi subscribe to geek and
Annamma bureau Tesco tacos owe me some
dough sway in is mr. Park Geneva door
answer
who's Adam rotten republics subscribe
bill no guru scheme the broad support
command Invalides luck Alex it's a nice
move the dosages to the podium
referendum in apanasana
the infidel emo nauseous gusta Kozma
Molina ricardo van across metro he
switches it Watson natural also need
Syria the Naboo don't rata the Naboo
district revi EDA than Apple Padma put
largely America Europe's CUNY that Simba
tamale are called superb is reserved
so our school it's not extremely school
or something bad just side with
sacrifice for some ways
we're at the main checkpoint between
Sevastopol and Simferopol the two
biggest cities in Crimea and we've come
here to meet the Serbian volunteers
because this is where they're going to
be doing whatever it is they came here
to do
and it turns out the guys standing next
to the guy who I interviewed was a
member of something called the Serbian
Liberation Army which was a paramilitary
organization that wasn't even recognized
by the Serbian government and he was
involved in fighting that triggered the
NATO bombing campaign of Serbia in the
late 90s but the other thing that he's
known for is having been accused of
attempting to kill the president of
Serbia slobodan milosevic but those
charges were later dropped I was I read
on the internet about you guys after we
talked and were you were you part of the
Yugoslavian Liberation Army
it's not true I don't know but but but
never in something like the Serbia
Liberation Army or something like that
it's that's not exist because your
friend it said that he was accused of
something to assassinate slobodan
milosevic the couple man's made
something like that and when he Bianco
so they just say cut it honestly so to
see Datsyuk and they own villa Ko so and
put his picture on newspaper as they say
that they want to kill roshan Ã¤j--
don't know nothing about that when we
come from Gaza Victoria in Serbia they
dress or SEO
all right very interesting well how long
are you staying here for in Crimea
amaura please
understood next all right well good luck
thank you right
it's the weirdest in the world a bunch
of Serbian army veterans standing on a
checkpoint in the middle of Crimea
checking cars between Simferopol and
Sevastopol couldn't make it up
Figg up
so looks like something's up at an
aviation radio base outside of Istanbul
so - that back we're just rushing over
to a Ukrainian military base because
we've heard that a group of Cossacks
with Russian soldiers are attacking it
but we've also heard from some
colleagues that it might be a trick
because a Ukrainian journalist went over
there and was beaten up really badly and
now he's on the way to the hospital
and we're heading over there and we're
not sure if we should go but I think
we're gonna try to get as close as we
can at a safe distance and see what's
happening and see if we should
investigate further
stop racist or I should get a
pathologist Ashley
possibly misleading a BCP over me
process this trellis when astonish me
this is a funeral Singh Amrit was really
that control territory one suggestion
when you can't read with some Metiria
Turei
mr. mazzuolo commanders of what
probability'
yes yes
but this problem mysterious
Moscow the officers here are saying this
is part of the bigger strategy that the
Russians have of trying to provoke the
Ukrainians into a fight they come here
they offer them to give themselves up
the Ukrainians say no they climb over
the walls they make everybody really
nervous and then eventually they leave
and they've been doing this all around
Crimea and they're waiting for somebody
to break
others receive me Roberta miss Katherine
is avoidance estas good morals great
very value what / - yes - lieutenant
Shepard on usually on a blood-red mother
with Costa Mesa still what was my way
and a Panamera door opening - train it
wasn't from the sarcasm opponent circle
there goes a column of armored personnel
carriers and a troop truck and they're
heading to the capital of Crimea or at
least in the direction of the capital of
Crimea Simferopol we're gonna keep
following it we're following the column
of Russian armored personnel carriers
just to find out where they're going but
in the meantime I just got a call and
this is second-hand information but
apparently the camera crew which got
beat up outside of the base some of them
may have been kidnapped because
apparently somebody was calling them and
as they were calling the car was getting
pulled over and they were being told to
get out and now nobody can reach them
and I have the guy's number and I tried
to call his phone and
switch though
you
