in support of Ukrainian people in
supreme support of Ukrainian revolution
against Putin against Russian occupation
today already for Russian politicians
already demanded and proposed separation
of Crimea and proclaimed nearly Crimea
as Russian territory back and this is
something that is
against Ukrainian Constitution and this
is occupation way to work a strong
sanctions from us from EU not small
symbolical one stop talking to start
acting because they all used to see
naked women in their beds or they all
are okay to see naked women on
advertisement on banners but they're not
ready to see aggressive naked women who
are carrying political slogans in their
breasts it's not a problem with my naked
body it's a problem with their point of
view about my neck you buddy
we are basically if I'm an activist are
one of the first victims of those
many of us who cannot come back to our
own country we have to begin accelerator
and Russian occupation that is facing
all all Ukrainian demonstrators and
Ukrainian people such an act of
resistance a very important because
Putin is scared of one thing is scared
of people's power
don't go away
you
