the rebels had attacked us in the bush
and the portion the village to the right
of the road but instead of clearing the
area the army busied themselves to
domestic tasks and foraging for lunch
the generals in charge made parry at the
new headquarters of the battle to come
but their position is more vulnerable
than they realized just before dusk the
rebels launched an assault from the
uncleared half of the village instantly
everyone fled the officers running away
first leaving their men directionless
and terrified
for SCID entirely lost its nerve and
broke
it's a catchy one solider stops our
vehicle at gunpoint while his colleagues
thrust their wounded friend inside
you've been shot in the chest
we were just miss having dinner in the
camp everything had stopped for a few
hours this soldiers are all cooking and
cleaning when suddenly we heard incoming
rifle fire the soldiers all Hispanics
and flared was bonded down a road a few
hundred meters the firing rockets back
but they obviously can't hold their
positions don't really know what they're
doing this isn't a good place to be an
attempt the counters have faltered on
rewarding
we picked up a young platoon commander
the first sound needs to be trained at
Britain's prestigious Royal Military
Academy Sandhurst his men had abandoned
him taking his vehicle with the enemy I
thought they were just like kids with
guns but they seemed to know what the
day yeah they can find
yeah they confirm they come in a few
number just compute people by the way
it's now been three weeks people are
fighting so it's all yer that come
scared ya so whenever they heard the
sound of gun coda losing their friends
along the road and fleeing Brigadier
jumped in with some of his men he tried
to work out if the rebels had set up
another ambush further down the road to
catch fleeing troops and whether it's
safer to go back towards Juba in the end
we had no choice but to head back to was
Juba along with the rest the convoy this
was the end of these troops as a
coherent force at least for that day
yesterday there was the point of view
it's inspiring in up tomorrow there
might be a ceasefire yeah
so whereby the two groups should I be
talking Obama but it's not about Ginga
just propaganda of the people saying
that
Dingaan we're right here most of rebels
on this front why are they under sense
it's like a tribal army but in our side
somewhere that was us
you see yesterday the general looking
with you yes but it's stunning that with
a government the entire convoy droves
through the dark away from the fighting
racing each other to get away first
finally the Falls halted at Mangala
barely outside tuba it had been a bad
day the South Sudanese army
