fine you've got a phone call this
morning a surprise phone call from the
general just said come to the main base
bring everything you have so what's
happening now how far away are the enemy
from here is not a really tremendous
audience so all these men here what are
they gonna do now the enemy and we're
gonna go with them nothing get a boat up
four generals within minutes really
helical drugs the frontline
with Juba now firmly in government hands
the real war is taking place in the bush
north of the capital Paul was only 200
kilometers north of Juba but South
Sudan's terrible road network makes it a
long and uncomfortable journey by road
but a short trip by air when we landed
the commander of the ball front general
mallow al-ayam door told me that his
troops had defeated the rebel assault
only that morning cool he seemed
confident and his men displayed a high
level of morale this morning did the
enemy attack you okay yes okay how far
away was the battle this morning from
the enemy do they have vehicles do they
have any video of course you're happy
with the security situation there are
lots of rumors that the rebels were
bouncing in June as the reinforcements
and fresh supplies were unloaded
casualties in the mornings fighting were
rushed onto the helicopters to take them
back to Juba zhh military hospital
nobody take it all the way back to that
today but it's change the truth still
popular in their positions
