let me see the succumb to the
fifty-first which can fast and open it
this way war in Afghanistan comes and
goes with the seasons winter pushes the
combatants into hiding and the arrival
of spring signals the beginning of what
is known as the fighting season we will
be able to remove a total of 33,000
troops from Afghanistan by next summer
with the transfer of power to the Afghan
National Army 2013's fighting season was
the one that would reveal how prepared
Afghanistan's army would be in keeping
the Taliban Abbaye several months before
the start of the fighting season we
traveled to Kandahar the second largest
city in Afghanistan and the last major
city NATO reclaimed from Taliban control
we wanted to see with the Afghan
National Army or AAA
was doing to prepare his troops for the
coming summer months it would be the
first time that the Afghan soldiers
would be operating without their
American or British counterparts Major
General Abdul Hameed is the leader of
the twelve fifth Corps he was a former
Mujahideen fighter who was imprisoned
during the Taliban reign and has since
risen to become the highest-ranking
military officer in the south in 2011 he
was a target of a failed assassination
attempt explosives were placed under his
chair during a graduation ceremony and
detonated only moments after he set up
to hand out the students degrees any
show feminine in Johnny Gaddar falesha
failure
an embarrassing Makonnen village of
Ishihara sana colita Irish me again and
won't you get p.m. kiosk aversion to his
other charter I love her hat in compare
against a taller one nominee 1200
myeloma madam nirupama Key Resort area
proposal can become a terrific people
leave all your computer steam which we
do not see me dinner could be me dinner
with a mere two million ever all you
work list or the not another condo that
one stone would be XF never pangaea's or
the Far East which has no what's a
what's a lot which has therapy a toy in
my mind for chemo more a loser
more than half so lucky should have
cutting Amelia wish only a miss chemo
attracting more potatoes most likely yes
sir what about our channel to maturity
by that much to stop any stuff was
really a mystified Ogata Keewatin has
mercy what animal more facetious the
mobile you what animal open with what
we're all in solid or service and mother
we arrived at the to a fifth core
situated 25 miles outside Kandahar City
where fifty four thousand soldiers are
stationed out of the approximate 370,000
Afghan National forces Italy me mark
DeMoss Vakula Tamamo hazard which are
Sadhna first I was very happy Odawa fine
said never service all the vishaya most
elite very very hungry cause I made a
Kimura baby massacre my economic a 12
volt charger the Sherpa machine Kshama
did but boom when on hitch height
arsonist EJ as yes Lanza Hualapai Don
Ameche keyboard was a task force of what
was watch other day for Juicy J or was a
posh party home Barry Martin have on
Istanbul I suppose early failure
Roosevelt got miss Anna boy cheese any
cheer about in her sport Moslem f1 is
fun excellent as name as diffuser yes
they were Telemachus ill
you know Bosman van were enemy B C or D
madam a kept money Malcolm's voice rod
zindagi be sure if GI Marvin voices
ishizaki
excellent ably what Richmond Bala is
noticing those devotions in 2013 it was
estimated in Afghanistan's electricity
rate was about 28% the US has spent
approximately 200 million dollars on
programs to educate the Afghan National
Army
but around half of them are still
reading the lower first grade level my
mom have one his son the meeting was a
fellas gotta see you try will let that
one's fun where these troops will be
stationed depends on both the recruits
level of training and their requirements
of commanders of local bases like this
one in Arghandab
Paulito mahavira's of lineages and
evolution of a syrup michelle amazing
yes masculinism Romulans automata as
others what we Madame Richard Arum
Aparna Vera Talon iodized be renamed our
massage and Badham level Shiva daughter
Camela madman version estoppel kurama's
the AAA conducts constant patrols
stopping and searching everyone who
passes by but somehow the locals don't
seem to complain either they've just
gotten use of this or it actually
provides them with some sense of
security i Javas or a capricious
operations so on the force I know at
machines like e-meters rain Cara chef of
oscillatory Asiana caribou dalek far
easier for my mother basket a before and
an assignment to find chicken hundred
Arghandab is known for his pomegranate
fields so when you do foot patrols it's
so easy for the enemy to kind of hide
behind trees or kind of lie down and the
field and just like kind of come up an
attack so when we went on this patrol it
seemed like that everything was fine
there was kids running around there
wasn't any alarming sign of danger
three years ago Americans were killed on
a similar patrol just across the field
they're saying you can see the
difference now if you interact with the
villages more and that it technically is
according to them much safer there's a
question frame
and and I asked the soldier once if like
you know when they do all these patrols
with all this gear and they're going
through all these farm lads you know
some guys like farming it's like this I
don't think I'd scared like you're you
are farming there's a guy who the
soldiers only appears you know and he's
like no no farmers are happy that we're
doing this and then we spoke to the
people like oh how do you feel they're
like oh that's that's fine yeah we're
good that said these regular foot
patrols are a constant reminder to
residents here that they still live in a
war zone soldiers who are severely
wounded in that war find their way to
the Kandahar military hospital if
they're lucky it's the only well
equipped facility in the southern region
and serves the six surrounding provinces
with little medevac support an
anti-venom Mohammed Shaikh showed
excellent amou chakras and common and
most universal Michele Bachmann donor
Austin mo Judas Willoughby share
quarters doctors a walk was another fun
motivate me go first
imagine ek me an interpreter as Mina's
as Ole Opry star felon marina Commodore
in Bristol World War II automated
mechanism inaudible SS after only four
chapters she should how the sake of
oscillation
my mother okay chef of ownership often
in the same it has but a more volatile
it police doing me I'm getting made me
keep soil or Jillian they didn't see the
moment isn't he it seems the hospital
doesn't just treat members of the Afghan
National Army they treat their enemies
in the Taliban as well
thank Julie said okay that sad most of
the same Megan eco mode button as he was
good doctor sahaja ladies dr. Dale yes
he does precaution I'm Annina had matica
mobile reacts are both of Hope campaign
has had multiple ethically Oh Barnabas
Alan coalition by fleshly then makan
Spanish economy and if you have the
church SAMHSA's chip alone the rebalance
CC Josie Bethesda quarter support on the
repast document
they're super London then that is what
his mother
this army is hope years old it's a it's
a baby really and there was a huge
amount of training and there was a lot
of push to get this army rolling and you
know fighting instantly they seemed
confident but it remains to be seen how
well their preparations will hold up
once the bullets begin to fly so we
wanted to see how they would tackle in
the fighting season without the American
support and that was first time in April
and now the second time being in July
which is supposed to be at its peak as
you can see through this window air you
will see broken windshield when we were
here the first time in April
the first ever hailstorm first after 60
years every single windshield of every
truck car was broken I guess some have
been replaced I'm not sure if it was due
to lack of money or general inefficiency
the fact that the AAA couldn't see where
they were driving for the past three
months
it was quite alarming coughing get
Jeremy jump she won't have anywhere an
encore lanham you can eat a staff a
peach orchard at Charlotte the MCOR not
all your highness monarchy history and
cannot be odd for secular artist as I
said neither have I you Isis any royalty
gear right after returns what
you're another and before you wrote or
not in the sand rock it notorious
villains as Nichols alloy piada mom
which others not only are the American
troops leaving Afghanistan but so are
their weapons an army that began with
some of the most sophisticated military
kit is suddenly being stripped down to
Soviet era hand-me-downs
we're on our way to punch right to a
place called dango 1 along this road
there's gonna be column on hideouts
where if there is such a convoy going
towards bases they will attack they will
send out rockets or they will try to
stop them so they don't get to the base
or to say that hey we're still here
there's a guy with an army uniform in
the tractor
the army doesn't have ever apps which
technically those are the ones will
protect you from IEDs EM wraps or Mine
Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles are
designed to protect against IEDs which
are often buried along this road
and any comments on go with Mario the
base had all the trappings of an
American military compound but without
the Americans it looked like a ghost
town
and actually it felt kind of lonely
reserving a blanket emotion one most
economical and in released and mobile
festival of an utterly stinky hitches
dollars were seen Montoya Yaga and
record
Jamarat the resolute tone has more Emond
Olympia's to roam even him I'm Alan
that's Anna on many days the A&A here at
xango bought camp commander tack
whether by rocket by sniper fire or even
the random grenade attacks minor
injuries from these random attacks can
be dealt with locally but severely
injured soldiers need to be transported
by air to the Kandahar military hospital
which presents a problem Mikey no
further mission magic metal atom Osman
my image is average Makana but my
countrymen intimate image Adrian tactic
and occurs by imbalance bomb which I
mean yeah yeah an ambulance day Oh
fetish she's in Jefferson Madison after
another teleporter committee my name is
Terry Calaway another Incubus
well Joseph Moody donkey Patricia miss
Alex's must chose what like a day would
be upon us honest
so I remember 34 is it Jonah it does me
because they have to transport people
through an ambulance through the road
taking them directly to the hospital in
the 205 to a fifth Corps where the main
notes your hospital is so this is one
huge problem here but is the access time
is over the a a minder wasn't too happy
when the soldiers started to complain on
camera
- keep it up - OH - focus
we continue traveling south through the
region known as a horn of padua which
borders Pakistan and has long been a
Taliban stronghold in the doors
out of the 800 basis only a hundred will
remain open under the aana control
so either the Taliban is no longer a
threat in these abandoned zones or the
Afghan army lacks the resources they
keep the facilities operational
it'll be mocking us poopy disease Jack
said wish to do me limit et Cie Lucia
that by my to cheaters
multi-generational you're moving on -
Monica's Khujand off McConnachie Makana
was that it included a noticeable mamita
coordinates a cheaper model estimate
could denote if the voice shaky tostadas
was due the momentum in your mama llama
con him conducting tonight since the
addition of a surname going to all who
sorry this madman does not own a cannon
no mr. Clemente sorry this man I got
back at him throughout the withdrawal
the Americans have been taking all of
the GPS systems night vision goggles and
tracking balloons with them so the ena
must rely on binoculars walkie-talkies
and the limited training they've
received
who Chuck is bad mom how about that
sports for in karma corny number was in
Kolkata within this focuses let's do the
strategy wanna sorry Coonan
yeah animal Cujo has been between the
mock debate to loco loco loco enjoy
comedian max hub or your Keller say
she's I'm sorry she's in Venus Fallon
danger Balinese I'm a booty are more
booty equality a motivator of
this is charm on door station a cotton
t-shirt
I took her dance on us are they gonna
throw the ball he ate all of us I
thought about make simple
you may not involve of the SM or fish
I'd like the cottage over once I learned
cheddar mastica cottage mu in that the
follow-up study any chair aware that can
occur without look over those a stance
there's some fighting going on outside
of here
there was while we were inside there
were some fighting going on just on the
corner here so we have to make sure that
we all run in pretty quickly when I was
told that Conroy was under control to
tell about five years ago and now you
know it was pretty safe Mike okay well
where's your school you know there's no
school so what is really safe you know
if safe means we can walk around during
the day but then we can't build a school
because it gets blown up is that safe
according to the Afghan NGO Safety
Office there was a sharp rise in Taliban
attacks in 2013 but the AAA commanders
insists that they have more control than
ever before they say that this is simply
guerrilla warfare but sometimes guerilla
warfare
wins Wars
we had been on a foot patrol with the
aana several months earlier in Arghandab
now we wanted to examine if things had
changed in the supposed height of the
fighting season after Matano also I do
that during our embed with the ena a lot
of our schedule plans change due to
their constant worry of an attack or
landmines
we had a minder with us at all times and
we were only allowed to join certain
foot patrols close to the bases
finally they agreed to let us touch
brown outside of the military base for
what they said was a routine foot patrol
we're following the path of the foot
patrol and we're going to make our way
through the villages they're saying that
this place has been cleared they haven't
found anything
there's been no sign of the enemy or at
sign of the Taliban we had come to
notice that there was a lack of protocol
and the way foot patrols were conducted
and wondered if some of these were
stayed right it's not really a reward
Navi a Mossad a fragment of a goomar or
Tibet they saw very shocking Desmond
acronym this one is your honor here you
have the Afghan National Army and then
you have the Afghan National Police but
then there are the local police who we
first took for the militia they with the
National Police who fall under the
command of a local warlord known as a
Phil Rogers
not sure how quickly they'd be able to
respond to an attack as a smell of
freshly smoked hashish lingered in the
air
Thank You monk about the requesting like
a mission-driven similar after I give
him over to making better so that Basha
that that I South Africa with armored
cars in our later after an chatter
shutter Charlotte
yeah for the yeah saying that anybody's
an Afghan policeman stopped us in the
bazaar because news of her arrival had
gotten lost somewhere between the Army
and the police things quickly turn into
a power struggle about who controlled
what
as more responsibility falls on the
police communication between the two
security forces become key
the next morning the A&A conducted a
joint foot patrol between two camps
through the village na hoona we couldn't
help but notice that this time everyone
had body armor at about 6:20 a.m. and
we're just starting on a foot patrol
we're walking to this other camp called
Shikari and then from there is actually
where their foot control starts where
they'll go through the villages that are
in give a commendable look leg as meek
as 50 or that key at candi sukuh real of
kunti my paintball film by Filippo
Strozzi Bahauddin what body part you
know bitten but never caught for their
abuse Allah - for the birth of manhood
googly-eye bit more formally he besought
ammonia before Muhammad's Allah sake
really telling often is - now from the
hotel otherwise it mullahs yep it's
horrible jumbo questions you know monkey
they will do believe my master becomes
the Madonna yes my good man mass
performance
you put in microwave it was in the Gaza
Cooper's I think that most people are
used to it now the local your dear local
police coming again this is the America
yoga mobile mmm you demonic what is it
so now everyone you see here is from the
LP the National Police and the local
police are now in control of all the
checkpoints and the security in the
cities and villages the local police or
the LP are officers appointed from the
villages they are patrolling and can
choose to wear local clothing kind of
like a community watch I know I think
it's just funny because those guys are
just kind of walking ahead and these
guys are like you know staying in Carter
call checking for everything
the police worked very closely with the
with the a a they deliver reports to
them and then a analyzes this so they're
always in contact I mean the military
does support the police here careful
when you're walking down the street here
there's a lot of Mines
so he's like make sure you step foot on
where you've seen like footsteps before
but I like it's everywhere now we have
our D minors in the front
there's only two guys with the metal
detectors who try to see if they can
find mines on the way and then each of
them have a person who would guard them
and make sure that while they're
checking the ground and looking down
they have someone that is looking out
for them there's a me naked and I'll
uncheck the Conan Dennis you know kids
master semi-nice you know I'm not
so sure she's a while doing their
patrols the ene and the police forces
must honor the local custom of asking
for the women to leave before they enter
any home traditionally if the women of a
house mixed with strangers they can be
put to death
the secretary said career ambien a
demitasse
bismillah your number after the pines
yes does the monitor so cute enjoy your
worst must Miata where did was gonna
marry buku my be sure bar service no
halo actions are not even joking
we'll miss Yoko time so fish in Jacob
Africa coaster with in Talavera me in
Java dance madam Chicano Ghana is a
quorum quorum icon on the ball good
there's a mini coup de coeur de Coligny
no big regard orlimar don't be selfish
as he was yet a foolish on amateur make
another shall make a mocked up but about
your show Martin tariff 13 images of
charger would you know League dollar
you're like at the table all reparation
fish in a Tokyo corapi huh the hallux
will not make do a place near looking
Europe Asia at the clinic magenta
working Shunsuke told he'll demotic led
from atop that it was good about that
we're totally NASA whether the
organization you were of Cardinal sticky
ki-moon colleague for killing its alpha
master teacher lovely the tall jalapenos
guitar shot cuckoo with the servants
Olivia days too
this area and obviously in this past
five years they've left and the
villagers who we saw along the way we've
been living here for years like 20 years
50 years 30 years have their own homes
back again
random searches by the army have become
part of everyday life in Kandahar if not
Afghanistan in general but the army
insists the war is winding down and they
are retiring to their bases leaving
day-to-day security in the hands of the
Afghan National Police who we would soon
meet
we're getting ready to go meet the
police and since the police are that was
highly targeted after people in the city
where I get well worth it
we met with a major rahmatullah that's
Rafi kandar deputy police chief who is
making routine inspections of the police
precincts his boss General Abdul Raza is
one of the most feared men in the area
she was founded by Allah crickets are
won't die across India was the colossi
caches
the Bhutanese general logic kiyosaki
lady Haruna kalkaluru but pikarin
sportive Muldoon's are my team at the
attack
right now
the tension is to meet the border chief
police his name is Abdul Razzaq in 1994
both Raza father and uncle were killed
by the Taliban in Kandahar
after this he joined the uh trucks I
anti Taliban forces in 2001 and then
rose to command the Afghanistan police
and then in 2013 he became part of an
interview was that exam
that is the Ripper set of Listeria way
to plate the woman on Regina he's taken
over Kandahar
they call him by the Shah means you know
that the prince he's about the people so
he's kind of like you know it starts
from the people and he's kind of like
we're gonna go out there every single
person who commits a crime we're gonna
punish him or cut off their hands
yeah it's a ruthless and now he's gotten
a lot of respect what is it that you
what you believe in that made you know
less crime and was able to establish
what is now a much more safer city
Murdoch and egg yolk and admirable Tandy
our host Darris fidella homes our dear
questions goes to the hallways our
initiatives which the hunt with Madison
ok children with a mother since he
hollered former white man it's mad wiki
how the Hollywood set up Assad for the
dish animal news how long the Derrida be
a commentator for the velocity something
after gave me ample Martinez equation a
missile you need yeah in my mind for
much anything any I guess I mean
upcoming war tomorrow
I'm where Italia Khadija Sarah I'm Marie
Nia of Zima come on Daniel in Louisville
Emma came or the magis other the the
correct posture Dharam angel sada
Silicon Valley emergent cases are meta
miscarriages are burstin agamous domoic
acid jurors zorda the Komodo Mozilla
McConnell which air can be Arabic on
investment dinger yeah so Colorado
Colorado Kendall
Buddhist katic Adam as Mademoiselle the
konami eternity vermont amaz a bit one
thing that um you know actually quite
curious about is you know there's a lot
written about you you're quite a
notorious person in : she tried out
bought it but but it was it was a vibe
many anti-miscegenation law :
missing kids your belly Hannah show the
Vasantha show ma deer in various regions
was over someone
Sisulu Aaron Aravind with cheese and
then the Punjab dushman doramas had to
join them as I wanna watch with a
 the Pentagon has forgotten doors
open jobs more despondent Ms Elenora
when you eat you would like me to
and then don't
while raza has been implicated in 2006
massacre accused of running drugs and of
violating human rights he has been able
to convince the US military that he is
an effective ally against the Taliban
and so he continues to receive support
from the American government in the
years to come as international forces
pull out of Afghanistan we will find out
just what that support has brought
Oh
today is the first day of Ramadan it's
all quiet on the base beside the sounds
of the soldiers preparing for the
evening feast
you might not know I shouted out to sit
down on Chicago steak Obamas are
my jiske to campus Iran with Oliver -
Oliver uniform with Ibaka right over
custom
the whole idea of coming to Kandahar was
to try to see what would be happening
during the fighting season while the
Americans were transitioning out we
experienced a much quieter patrol than
was expected I mean I'm not saying in a
day or two you're gonna suddenly see all
this but it was different than what we
had expected another thing that I
started looking at was people's reaction
to the army and it's stuck with me and
that was the old man praying in the
pomegranate field and about 12 guys 12
soldiers with guns showing up you know
around him okay there's like 12 soldiers
with guns around here I mean if I was
kind of hanging out in my garden I'd be
a little concerned you know I drew a
little bit of reaction but he didn't he
was just like you know I love like Vern
he continued and and it it made me think
that this is like it's become part of
everyday life
you know everyone hears pretty young and
they come from environments where
fighting isn't stopped so you're kind of
home and there's fighting and then you
come to the base and then there's
fighting so it's not like oh I'm
suddenly in the military I'm you know
you know I'm gonna go fight you know
it's part of your kind of as part of
your everyday life in a way so here you
have high-ranking soldiers who went
through one war and they learned
strategies through there so they come
into a new war and with a whole new book
and a whole new set of rules whole new
machines in a very new army and now go
and fight and I see all this and it just
brings about more questions
No
you some idea
a peaceful moments like this it's easy
to forget the horrors that were in
everyday occurrence for the last ten
years the Afghan National Army was
relatively successful at holding off the
Taliban in 2013's fighting season but
2014 brings not only the exit of most of
the NATO troops but the election of a
new president with President Hamid
Karzai transitioning out and the future
of NATO's involvement still undecided we
can't help but wonder if the Taliban
were just saving their energy waiting
for the foreign powers to get out of the
way so they can reclaim what they had
just lost over a decade ago the 2014
will reveal how stable the nation
Afghanistan truly is
