Oh
today is the first day of Ramadan it's
all quiet on the base beside the sounds
of the soldiers preparing for the
evening feasts she's a dementia composed
about Marco
but jiske to come to Sara with Oliver
finally Jorgen inform me before I eat
over casting
the whole idea of coming to Kandahar was
to try to see what would be happening
during the fighting season while the
Americans were transitioning out we
experience a much quieter patrol than
was expected I mean I'm not saying in a
day or two you're gonna suddenly see all
this but it was different than what we
had expected another thing that I
started looking at was people's reaction
to the army and it's stuck with me and
that was the old man praying in the
pomegranate field and about 12 guys
whole soldiers with guns showing up you
know around him okay there's like 12
soldiers with guns around here I mean if
I was kind of hanging out in my garden
I'd be a little concerned you know I
drew a little bit of reaction but he
didn't he was just like you know I love
life and he continued and and it it made
me think that this is like it's become
part of everyday life yeah everyone here
is pretty young they come from
environments where fighting isn't
stopped so you're kind of home and
there's fighting and then you come to
the base and then there's fighting so
it's not like oh I'm suddenly in the
military I'm gonna you know I'm gonna go
fight you know it's part of your kind of
as part of your everyday life in a way
so here you have high-ranking soldiers
who went through one war and they
learned strategies through there so they
come into a new war and with a whole new
book and a whole new set of rules whole
new machines in a very new army and now
go and fight and I see all this and it
just brings about more questions
a peaceful moments like this it's easy
to forget the horrors that were in
everyday occurrence for the last ten
years the Afghan National Army was
relatively successful at holding off the
Taliban in 2013's fighting season but
2014 brings not only the exit of most of
the NATO troops but the election of a
new president with President Hamid
Karzai transitioning out and the future
of NATO's involvement still undecided we
can't help but wonder if the Taliban
were just saving their energy waiting
for the foreign powers to get out of the
way so they can reclaim what they had
just lost over a decade ago 2014 will
reveal how stable and Asian Afghanistan
truly is
