there's some fighting going on outside
of here as you can see through this
window here you will see broken
windshield when we were here the first
time in April there was the first ever
hailstorm first after 60 years every
single windshield of every truck car was
broken I guess some have been replaced
I'm not sure if it was you two lack of
money or general inefficiency but the
fact that the AAA couldn't see where
they were driving for the past three
months it was quite alarming
no coughing cap gave me John she won't
have anywhere an on-call Anamika meet a
staff a peach orchard at Charlotte uh
chatter she's lost em Connors Oh your
highness Mon taking s3m cannot Fiat was
a color artist as I said neither have I
you Isis a Nero it again writer theater
on sporty much more above another indie
boy wrote or not or innocent rocket not
or appliances eta not seen other
illnesses Nichols alloy piada ma mooches
not only are the American troops leaving
Afghanistan but so are their weapons an
army that began with some of the most
sophisticated military kit is suddenly
being stripped down to soviet-era
hand-me-downs we're on our way to punch
right to a place called dango 1 along
this road there's gonna be Taliban
hideouts where if there is such a convoy
going towards bases they will attack
they will send out rockets or they will
try to stop them so they don't get to
the base or to say that hey we're so
here there's a guy with an army uniform
in the tractor
the army doesn't have em wraps which
technically those are the ones will
protect you from IEDs mm wraps or Mine
Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles are
designed to protect against IEDs which
are often buried along this road
and Emmy commas on go with Mario the
bass had all the trappings of an
American military compound but without
the Americans it looked like a ghost
town and actually it felt kind of lonely
at home almost Arakanese romaker and in
bruges least and more effective 1102
distantly hitches dollars were seen
Montoya
and Josh what the resolute on has more
Emond Olympia's to roam even him I'm
Alan that's Anna on many days da na here
at xanga boot camp come under attack
whether by rocket by sniper fire or even
the random grenade attacks minor
injuries from these random attacks can
be dealt with locally but severely
injured soldiers need to be transported
by air to the Kandahar military hospital
which presents a problem Mikey no
further mission magic metal atom Osman
ma in images are bearish makhana buzz my
camp emotion intimate images reenter
factory Kanda cos balance yeah yeah an
ambulance day fetish she's gonna
telephoto he made him bunny material
came another anchor by Moses needy
donkey by Trish miss Alex must charge
for lucky day would be up honest honest
so afternoon my dad if only did Joel it
doesn't mean because they have to
transport people through an ambulance
for the road taking them directly to the
hospital end it to a fight to a fifth
core where the main military hospital is
so this is one huge problem here but is
the access time is over
the aena minder wasn't too happy when
the soldiers started to complain on
camera
about investors but I'm fine out on the
phone
we continue traveling south through the
region known as a horn of pan Y which
borders Pakistan and has long been a
Taliban stronghold in the doors
out of the 800 basis only a hundred will
remain open under the aana control
so either the Taliban is no longer a
threat in these abandoned zones or the
Afghan army lacks the resources they
keep the facilities operational
if you promoted a stupid disease
laxative is to do me lemme 3d see Lucia
that by my to cheaters Mahamaya schmekel
you're moving on - Monica's khujand off
McConnachie Makana was that system could
be noticeable mamita coordinate Cibo
Matto estimate could denote if they
forsake each other eyes gozu damn omega
mean your mommy la mikonam kind of me
tonight since the addition of assigning
I mean the whole crew sorry - man mondo
flick on I can it no mr. Clements
Erica's mother Gotham Academy throughout
the withdrawal the Americans have been
taking all of the GPS systems
night-vision goggles and tracking
balloons with them so the ena must rely
on binoculars walkie-talkies and the
limited training they've received chuck
is banned
number was incorrect I live within the
focus is Las Tunas colicky wanna sorry
cooler than
Geronimo Cujo has been the mock debate
to local
enjoy comedian max hub or your colossal
Association Venus fallen danger Berenice
I'm a booty are more bootleg Watty a
most motivated or station la cotton
t-shirt master we have weapons taken
from you know vessel or any Metheny
McGarrett was a baby acuna was rather
the joy kisser raucous Mossad the
policeman lee the flea seemingly burn as
me all my do-overs your permission but
what are you a brother not my thought of
that whatever
I took her dance on us are they gonna
throw the ball
give me a thought of of us a story I
thought of us on Mick simple that's not
all right you mean you know the role of
the I say more fish at the cottage over
Oh once I learned chiller mastic a
cottage am you in there to fold so then
each other what yeah came in Cola over
those aged s there's some fighting going
on outside of here but run on the truck
we need to be run to this time
there was why we were inside there was
some fighting going on just around the
corner here so we have to make sure that
we all run in pretty quickly when I was
told that Conroy was under control to
tell about five years ago and now you
know it's pretty safe Mike okay well
where's your school you know there's no
school so what is really safe you know
if safe means we can walk around during
the day but then we can't build a school
because they get blown up is that safe
according to the Afghan NGO Safety
Office there was a sharp rise in Taliban
attacks in 2013 but the AAA commanders
insists that they have more control than
ever before they say that this is simply
guerrilla warfare but sometimes guerilla
warfare
wins Wars
you
