it's February 24th and here's some of
the news beyond the headlines at an
anti-government protests in Thailand an
explosion killed three people and
wounded more than 20 others Thai Prime
Minister Yingluck Shinawatra condemned
the attack saying the government
wouldn't condone acts of terrorism for
political gain the protesters continue
to call for the resignation of the PM
and for an interim government to be
appointed that will begin to make
reforms to the political system an
Egyptian court acquitted six police
officers on Saturday on charges of
killing over 80 protesters during the
country's 2011 uprising this acquittal
is the latest in a string of over 100
cases and it illustrates the difficulty
of prosecutors tying individual officers
to specific killings rights activists
are concerned that ex-president Hosni
Mubarek will be excused on similar
charges robots will out think and
outperform even the most intelligent
human beings by 2029 according to Ray
Kurzweil a leading AI developer and
director of engineering at Google
Kurzweil perhaps the most famous for a
singularity theory on the point of
convergence between humans and machines
predicts machines will overtake humans
and intelligent behavior and performance
in the next 15 years the Afghan Taliban
has condemned and called for an end to
the escalating violence against Muslims
in the Central African Republic in an
unusual statement of outreach the
Taliban criticized the merciless
killings of Muslims in the sea AR and
warned the situation threatens to
destabilize relations between Muslims
and Christians around the world
you
