in magic area which is a former
president
which is private residence protesters
yesterday took it over open it to the
public the thousands of people walking
around taking pictures just basically
checking out the complete insane
decadence of the place and it kind of
puts Buckingham Palace to shame
it's half the size of Monaco its own
lake which is in front of me it's got
his own galleon that sits on a small
River has turned into a restaurant it's
got its own Golf Course at the front not
sure how many holes or what yeah no
campus is a handicap was but I'm sure he
probably had a couple of cheeky rounds
of Kooten over the years
I don't think style was his uh one of
his photos is pretty garish looking
burning at the moment access to the
inside of the building is prohibited but
whilst we've been here today we've been
trying to work out access to so tomorrow
we may come back and maybe get a bit of
a look inside as a he's got three car
parks here apparently full of vintage
cars u-boats hovercraft even basically
in people here just so been wounded so
you're curious about this place if it's
been a it's been one of the main reasons
why protesters one of the main focus
points for the protests here in Ukraine
this place cost millions of euros the
average salary is pretty low so the fact
that that president is or ex-president
lived in someone like this is a bit of a
slap in the face you can see inside a
little bit
Piper couch is not much going on that
room keep people living brother
don't bikes I mean the place is massive
it's got a road that goes through it
and around the perimeter so you know
have a little bike around this is a it's
like a cinema room yep um 3d glasses I
mean no expense was spared in this place
nothing seems to have been done on the
cheap that's for sure it's got the
PlayStation games there may be always
maybe a bit of a PlayStation fan
there's certainly no sense of there's no
be no reports of looting anything the
euro Maidan self-defense group were here
ensuring that no people aren't you know
destroying things or breaking things
we're trying to steal anything everyone
here it's just they just want to see
what it's like no interest in smashing
it up it's been turned over to the
public yesterday the Parliament voted to
make it basically in public you know
Park so from now on people can just come
down and have a look
spend time here with their families I
know
yet people it's made of wood
you
you
you
you
you
can I get like hammer back yeah gazelle
just should just disappear you want to
get it on the stage and the crowd going
crazy
you bomb shut it
levena shimmer okay so we're down the
front of the stage we're follow-through
skiing on you need Tymoshenko you do two
ischenko on the way to the square
pretty incredible scenes medley of
thousands of people's mobile phone
lights candles watching towards the
stage waiting for her to turn up I think
is going to go absolutely crazy when she
arrives she's just made some flowers on
Bush ask about street where protest was
killed
she's been frail she's been ill so she
had to be carried by her minders Wow
ever since the person she was in prison
two years ago
the compromise but surely proudly no
suitable boy is the raziel blossom
Sookie
you
can I can I get like hammer back yeah
cuz they'll just show just disappear you
want to get it on stage and the crowd
going crazy
okay so if you're just joining us we're
here in magic area which is a former
President Yanukovych's private residence
that yesterday the protesters took over
when the when the put please pull back
from the square and the president had
fled the country or thought sorry fled
the city protesters came to his private
residence and took it over it's half the
size of Monaco it's got its own golf
course it has its own Lake it's a zoo
it's spa I mean the place is absolutely
enormous a road it's a road through the
through the premises around the
perimeter you have to get the car to go
basically from one side to the other is
more enormous the thousands of people
here today bringing their families along
dogs bringing their picnics eating food
face to be really really curious to see
what it's like this is built it's been a
really source of contention lots of
public here cost millions to make
average Ukranian salaries pretty low so
when the president lives in someone like
this is a bit of a slap in the face a
lot of people saying we've spoken to you
today saying this is where their tax
money ended up so we're in the boat when
the Europe Maidan self-defense groups
took it over yesterday they open it up
to the public it'll now be like a public
park a public space that families can
come and enjoy whenever they want so
it's been a very relaxed atmosphere here
today no one is interested in smashing
it up there's no looting nothing like
that the self-defense groups are
providing security looking after it we
weren't able to get access inside the
house today but it's something we're
working on possibly might get to go and
visit tomorrow so we'll keep you updated
whether that happens our knife and look
for more updates on my twitter at henry
underscore Langston also at vice UK and
at vice news so we'll try and keep you
updated thanks
you
can I can I get like hammer back oh yeah
cos they'll just sure just disappear you
want to get it on stage and the crowd
going crazy
you bow down share it living Shiva okay
so we're down the front of the stage
we're from who's going on you need to
mashenka on the way to the square right
now pretty incredible scenes MIT there
are thousands of people's mobile phone
lights and candles watching towards the
stage waiting for her to turn up I think
it's gonna go absolutely crazy when she
arise she's just laid some flowers on
Bush asked about street wear protester
was killed
she's a bit frail she's been ill so she
had to be carried by her minders Wow
ever since they are versus she was in
prison two years ago
people come especially me no sure about
the boy is the raziel blah science wiki
you
they was kid when he more than was Bobby
little
you
Oh
so she chose for your photo
you know you show prostitution your
moves
whoa
can I can I get that camera back though
the a gazelle just should just disappear
you want to get it on stage and the
crowd going crazy
you bought the dog shut it
maybe you shimmer okay so we're down the
front of the stage or through anyone you
need to mischenko on the way to the
square pretty incredible scenes may
clear thousands of people's mobile phone
lights candles watching towards the
stage waiting for us at oh no I think
it's going to go absolutely crazy when
she arise she's just made some flowers
on Bush Haskovo street where protest was
killed
she's bit frail she's been ill so she
had to be carried by her minders Wow
ever since the issues in prison two
years ago
people come especially probably no
suitable boy is what is healed lasagna
he
you
the famous kid when he more than was
Tommy little
you
Oh
such a Jaa's for your vocal
you know he's so close to distill your
moonshine whoa
you
you both down shut it levena shut up
okay so we're down the front of the
stage well for those who steal anyone
you need to mischenko duty to Shaco on
the way to the square right now
pretty incredible scenes may clear
thousands of people's mobile phone
lights candles watching towards the
stage waiting for her to turn up I think
is getting absolutely crazy when she
arrives she's just made some flowers on
Bush ask about street where protester
was killed
she's a bit frail she's been ill so she
had to be carried by her minders yes
there's like a homecoming looking
forward to this for well ever since the
person she was in prison two years ago
people come especially proudly notion
about the boy is the raziel blossoms
Ricky
you
the email was kid when he was little
you
Oh
such a Jaa's for your vocal
it is so close to distill your moves
you
they call it there they want a
democratic system they're not here to
run some sort of anarchic new society
they just want a better less corrupt
Democratic Parliament
these guys are mean to loose
because some guys in the camera gear not
sure whether they're police or army but
they are they're happy to stand
alongside the protesters in front of the
Parliament we're seeing a lot more of
the protesters sort of showing off
rosary beads and crosses or things like
you know earlier there's a lot of
priests on the stage and the sort of
since these deaths have been occurring
since people are being shot there's a
lot more of an expression of religion
here a lot of guys wearing crosses and
rosary beads around their necks
also then we were here in January and
there wasn't as much of that it's an
interesting development okay so those
guys are actually we've told just are
some protesters they are soldiers
they're military soldiers with the army
and they're here with the protesters I
mean this is the Ukrainian Parliament
building and the protesters here the
Euro Maidan protesters are in control of
this building and control of the
Parliament district the government is in
by no means in control of anything right
here right now in this district to the
city
okay so showing these guys my crest path
so we can sew paint there's a session
going on inside and without to go and
see what's what's going on
yesterday you had cops and riot gear
with the helmets and the trenching water
cans now you've got protesters are there
makes of shields shin pads protesters
handing them food and water to keep
themselves supplies
obviously very grateful of that the set
of guns now you've got baseball bats
protecting the Parliament
what's going on is that who's in the
parliament MPs or people okay you can
you call can you try and find out as
much it's pretty incredible this I mean
couple of days ago when protesters were
sort of trapped on Independence Square
on the back foot after the police had
first opened fire on them it looked like
the the police possibly and their
government were sort of had the momentum
we're going to crush the protesters few
days later and here we are in the
parliament this is the Parliament
building right next to me the protesters
are in complete control
any police that are here and joined the
protesters same with some some soldiers
I can't say for sure if the military is
completely switched sides obviously but
there are a few soldiers walking around
crowds are starting to gather outside
the front leave alert there are talked
people speaking to the crowd not
surprised just wandering around as well
obviously you need equality individually
talking about
you trying to just keep an eye on what's
going on so this is the front door to
the Ukrainian Parliament the Rada and
instead of police at the front we've got
you in my damn processes inside inside
the building as a session with the pen
with the MPs they're still in session
and they're talking about putting
through a law to impeach the president
so this is huge this is massive this is
a really massive event basically this
looks like the protesters have won they
are victorious it's really incredible
the revolution has passed its victorious
successful whatever you want to say
you
you
you
you
