thank you for joining us today for this
tribute to legendary Burt Reynolds his
look his attitude his persona were one
of a kind so today we joined here in
Eisenhower park in the town of hempstead
to mourn his loss when I was a kid Burt
Reynolds was the biggest thing in the
world you know the Cannonball Run and
longest John and Smokey and the Bandit
he was the back that way he was a
real man I mean words can't even
describe how sexy that he was I mean the
tight jeans the mustache the Hat the
glasses anything that the man was in was
fabulous
he made this car famous so when I think
of this car I think of bread to us this
is for Burke this is our memorial for
him if it wasn't for him I never would
have fallen in love with this car it's
all him oh we come to all car shows
especially when we heard if there was
gonna be Trans Am in tribute to Burt
Reynolds one of the best movies of all
time is Smokey and the Bandit shirt
which he wore in Smokey and abandoned -
that hat which he wasn't smoking abanda
- and and the watch and the ring which
he wore and Smokey and the Bandit one
I'm surprised that I won best costume
because I came here for for the memorial
I'm Burt Reynolds I really I idolized I
made this collage oh this is when I met
mr. Reynolds in June there's a picture
that my girlfriend Jackie took and this
is one of him with the Hooper car but we
didn't take that one that one we we got
off the computer off the internet
everybody want to be a part of it people
wearing bandage shirts and TransAm with
a hottest car out there they're sexy the
glamorous they make a blonde look
fabulous
and back then you know I was living with
my grandmother and she looked out the
windows as she that guy's got a
beautiful car I think it says a lot
about the Firebird Trans Am all right
now we're gonna ask all our Trans Am
owners to get behind the wheel rev those
engines I think we're gonna start our 7
horn salute 3 2 1
you
