don't nobody want to talk no more it's
so easy to get a gun am I ready shooting
it out this week on Vice gangs and gun
buyers have turned Chicago into a war
zone we do with the hey girl Chicago
regular for you baby that's why we call
this Iran then we had oil pirates in
Nigeria so right behind me are three
illegal oil refineries
yes
no one knows where it's going but we'll
be there uncovering the news culture
expose the absurdity
modern condition
really kosher by American
I've never seen act like this before
looks like hell on earth I was
interviewing suicide bombers and they
were kids this is the world
hi I'm Shane Smith and we're here in the
Vice offices in Brooklyn New York for
our first story tonight we go to Chicago
in the last two decades most major
cities in America I've seen a dramatic
drop in violent crimes the exception to
the rule being Chicago or gang violence
is out of control in 2012 alone over 440
school-aged children were shot making
one of the deadliest places in the
country for young people in fact things
have gotten so bad that many locals have
renamed their hometown chiraq
Chicago's in bad shape bullets flew on
the city's Southside last night dozens
of people have been shot there have been
calls to the board the National Guard
please distribute most these murders to
Chicago's one hundred thousand gang
members flowing to an insanely large and
confusing assortment of gangs sub gangs
factions and cliques all of whose
territory can vary from one city block
the next thing our most dangerous spot
guys is these vehicles so we got to be
careful right here if we see the
memorial on the right that is a spot
where a murder happen just so happened
the other night my officers got shot it
right there right across the street
right out of the station we started
getting calls most involving guns the 16
year old feller was just threatening the
family with a gun it looks like a 380
lorcin has under arrest he's in the car
Nick 14 14 years old and something
despite the deputy chiefs insistence
that we were out on a good night the
calls kept coming in we're gonna have a
lot of shootings over here we got a
murder here we were working at - it's
just what we do on a daily base
this is a map here of the 7th district
Englewood what this man portrays is
anything colored is a gang on the city
we have 59 days with over 625 factions
we've got new breeds we've got black p
stones conservative vicelords
Mickey cobras is there anywhere on this
map that isn't under gang control
there's sections of the district order
not fighting but what gang would be
there is covered by the color I look at
this madness scares the living out
of me to be honest as the night got busy
for the cops we hopped out to see how it
was going one of the South Side's most
notorious neighborhoods the village this
is the village banana I'm crazy how far
does the village extend like how far can
go each said I'll stick to my
ass right what happens across Ashland
you guys cross that gun lambo across the
gutter line back down there 30 you guys
aren't son is that a rude question yeah
okay okay I'm sorry
how hard is it to get a gun gonna get a
gun anyways - granny probably got one of
them up yeah they come out they come out
it doesn't matter we'd be like we have
our cameras and if you like this just
like they come out of it
we went for our second ride along with
the knight to see the village kids turf
for ourselves which amounts to all of
about two city blocks sooner on
house
Al Capone and all in was doing worser
than us they was blowing up buildings
they're blowing up Club to
door massacres yeah and machine guns
exactly we knew was ahead girls in
Chicago to point that out why they
trying to ban assault rifles we don't
use the strobe right for the Chicago we
can afford you baby extended clip stop
they are popular yeah because we like
that we like to eat the body up that's
why we call it a shot rat how we Mir
like them they die for their so we
verify is we in the hood having real
Wars like the army you feel me with
having shootouts my mother running out
the project screaming my name while I
hunted bullets coming my way so I can
get shot trying to look back to tell her
to get out the way but she was coming
for a baby you know I'm saying some
recipes you know if the rest of America
got safer over the 90s how did the gang
problem here get even worse what turned
Chicago's gang map into this pizza pie
of tiny war zones
throughout the 2000 Shaka go demolished
its inner-city projects in hopes of
breaking up the gangs which more or less
ruled them and relocated the residents
throughout town from 22nd Street all the
way down the fifty-third was project
builders so you get all the gangs and
all the buildings man NATO's building
down those people went to the different
neighborhood red well this was an
overdue necessity to the abhorrent
living conditions nearly sovereign gang
control within it had unintended
consequences we talked to some former
gang members from the neighborhood who
asked that we hide their identities so
we did a lot of those guys never been
outside of those buildings but when you
tear them down and then you give him
Section eight and tell him hey we got to
sing you out to the suburbs that you're
not even used to people telling you are
they from the projects and not welcoming
them and I mean what if violence is good
that's what about him fighting over the
actual neighborhood now you come to a
neighborhood it wasn't your neighborhood
but now you live in there so you got to
fight the people that been there yeah
and that's where a lot of the violence
coming from like a myth but how many
guns are nowadays it's not always the
case in Chicago is that started well
guns ain't really been plentiful like
that it probably was too
guns out of 45 oh we was brought up to
beat your ass it wasn't
brought up to shoot the
 we was decent with our hands the
kids now they scared to lose yeah
exactly rather bring a gun to the table
and just murder everything did you feel
just up man Amen child is they
don't care period boring blank
ain't nobody fighting on my way nobody
film talking about normal the way we
defend ourselves nowadays is like am I
ready this year shouldn't shoot it out
we met these kids walking through rival
gang territory where they could be shot
for simply showing their face this
despite the fact that there were three
blocks away from their own homes
walking with her mom you just got to
watch the way you walk lifesavers now if
it was like 30 boys down there
myself and we walk down there they'll
probably run across the street asses
will be it if we just shot at it we
don't want to retaliate because they
should want are my friends now is what
somebody approached me I probably got to
pop them before they popped me you met
Heidi is I just don't nobody want to
talk no more it's so easy to get a gun
out here
Chicago's gun laws are actually fairly
strict but they don't extend into the
suburbs where most of the city's guns
come from Police Superintendent Garry
McCarthy held a press conference in
January to show off some of the 300
suburban guns his officers had
confiscated since the beginning in the
year this is representative of the final
option we're taking off the street every
single day and in the last week 125 what
is the rush
heats by which guns are obtained you can
walk into any gun shop in Illinois by 10
9 millimeters and walk out the door and
there's only one recorded transaction on
those firearms and we don't know where
those guns go they hit the streets in
enormous numbers or to me that's just
crazy the priest who was at the police
press conference this morning is
Reverend Michael Pfleger he runs this
church st. Savannah's biggest Catholic
Church in Englewood he's also a major
social activist has been here since the
70 is working with gang members and the
police try to solve the violence the
proliferation of guns and the love
affair with guns in the society is is
bizarre guns have become the first-line
offense on the street in society today
most of brothers out of the street don't
want to shoot don't want to use a gun to
be able to survive to go back and forth
to their home we have to deal with guns
we have to we've ignored violence in
America we've turned our back on it
because it's been primarily black and
brown shoot
Sandy Hook wakes up America why because
now that the soccer mom sees Sandy Hook
the horrific tragedy was and identifies
with those children
I won't try to figure out how do we make
the soccer mom identify with the black
child on the brown child in Lawndale
Englewood Little Village Pilsen how do
we make America identify with our
children again wherever they're at one
local child the national media did
identify with was Hadiya Pendleton she
was 15 years old she was a majorette
just three weeks ago she was here in
Washington with her classmates
performing for her country at my
inauguration on January 29th of this
year
Padilla and her friends were in a park
after school and two gunmen ran up and
began firing into their crowd Padilla
and two of the others were hit as
everybody tried to scramble for safety
Padilla died I wish we could see a
beautiful smile again she will always be
with Padilla's death became the
centerpiece of Obama's push this year
for increased gun control which Congress
overwhelmingly voted down a minority in
the United States Senate decided it
wasn't worth it
so all in all this was a pretty shameful
day for Washington
we lose in Chicago more black kids than
the soldiers in Iraq that's how
dangerous it is for our kids now living
in an environment where their safety is
put at peril state senator Jacqueline
Collins has been in office since 2002
her district includes some of the South
Side's most violent neighborhoods there
are consequences I believe to failed
economic and political policies that
most communities of color in Chicago are
facing high unemployment 23 percent or
more failing schools we have the closing
of mental facilities the foreclosure
crisis so certain communities seem to be
targeted not only has the Southside lost
the majority of its schools clinics and
public housing they don't even have a
hospital treat all the gunshot wounds
that happen here which is doubly
because there are three hospitals in the
neighborhood all of which used to treat
gunshot wounds but stop because it was
costing them too much money these
closures are a major contributing factor
to the South Side's death rate as in the
case of Damien Turner who was hit by a
stray bullet and died during a 30-minute
ambulance ride uptown Damian's sister
Candace has been trying to draw
attention to the situation ever since
her brother's death
the nearest hospital with the trauma
center is
and that's like that's the way up and
he's almost in the north but they took
my brother Daniel Turner they're on
bypass
what is bypa bypass is if you get
injured the ambulance won't bring you to
their hospital bypass he died on his way
to the hospital because he had to be
taken so far to raise awareness of his
death and the crucial lack of health
resources on the south side his friends
and local activists staged a die-in at
the University of Chicago's new 700
million-dollar medicals
shopkins are uninsured so it became more
of a bottom-line issue but how do you
put a price tag on a life left to fend
for themselves in urban desert many
younger kids in Chicago see gangs the
only form of structure left in their
communities and have so internalized
their situation they proudly declare
their city chiraq and themselves
soldiers or savages and who could blame
them they do live in a war zone the
south side of Chicago is basically a
failed state than the borders the u.s.
we've turned our backs and abandoned and
junk brothers on the street this is my
wall of fame all the guys and women
should I love what's at the bottom of
the wall that's my son that's my son on
my trail these are disenfranchised
communities and it's not just a month
occurrence or year occurrence this is
decades of lack of resources flowing
into these communities there has been a
conscious decision to let some
communities fall apart as long as it's
contained the doesn't see both but guess
what America
drugs did violence is and now poverty is
because what used to be the middle class
is now more wake up
Nigeria is one of the largest
oil-producing countries in the world in
fact it's America's fourth largest
supplier of oil in total they export
over 780 million barrels a year but they
also have a massive problem with oil
spills last year alone there were a
hundred and ninety four spills in the
Niger Delta and over the last 50 years
more than 10 million barrels of oil have
polluted the region that's approximately
1 Exxon Valdez spill every year now it
seems like everyone is blaming everybody
else
the locals are blaming the oil companies
and the oil companies are blaming
pirates so we sent Suroosh Alvi to find
out a why there are so many spills and B
exactly who is responsible oil companies
have been drilling in the Niger Delta
for half a century sometimes resulting
in devastating economic and
environmental effects of local
communities for years elder Friday out
pine a successful fish farmer and local
community leader has been fighting Shell
imported by Hague is one of a four to
seven respond I is committed I'm
properly managed
but oil spear caused by shares facility
protected which causes all the fishes
today and I have been reporting the
spiritual them they did not assign
anything it is there again i said i am
now pushed to the world why do you come
to help me i have nothing to live with
again and you have pushed me into
in-depth goodness so he did something
that had never been done before
ensued royal dutch/shell in their own
country in this past january after a
five-year long court battle the verdict
came in the court ruled in elder
Friday's favor and determined that shell
was liable for the
not better protecting the pipeline from
oil theft and vandalism which ultimately
led to the spills were you surprised
that the verdict came in your favor I
was not surprised they told us we're
surprised here in LA for a night a delta
man to shell to court and head
Andronicus
it's easy to get caught up in elder
Fridays Victor but in reality it's a
small win large war since oil was first
discovered in Nigeria in 1956 over 500
spill related lawsuits have been filed
in Nigerian courts and only a handful
and received compensation we want to
find out what shell had to say about
these environmental disasters that they
call operational spills frankly if you
look at what I will consider to be
operational spill it's a very very tiny
proportion the worst pollution is coming
from sabotage beer from illegal
refineries and a crude attempt so what
he's claiming is that most spills are
caused by pirates guys who illegally
hack into the shell pipeline steal the
crude oil refined it into gasoline
somewhere in the jungles of the Niger
Delta can sell it across West Africa
shell estimates that it loses between 55
and 60 million barrels of oil every year
due to oil piracy costing him 7 billion
dollars a year we wanted to learn more
about these pirates so we went out on
patrol with the guys that hunt them we
are getting one horde ok yeah not too
far away
ok where we have a lot of arrested
whether these guys are the JTA the joint
military task force that patrols the
Delta here in Nigeria
the JTF have their work cut out for them
patrolling an area roughly the size of
Ohio consisting mostly of mangrove
swamps dense jungles and very little
infrastructure every day they're
arresting people like keep grabbing
people in the neck say there's like new
refineries and you oil along the river
we saw half sunken ships that have been
attacked and destroyed previous raids we
were also taken on board a recently
captured ship so when were these barges
captured and seized with recent
operation yeah yeah that'd be I'm the ho
there from somebody so I'm going up one
teleporter
look at your financial but because of
these spills the World Health
Organization estimates that the drinking
water in the Niger Delta has nine
hundred times as much benzene as is
deemed safe to consume oil for about 20
minutes
drop here in the Niger Delta is that
they're not really cleaning up these oil
we never found the pirates or the
refineries that we were looking for with
the JTF so we went out on our own we're
gonna go spend a couple nights with the
community they're deep in the Niger
Delta we wanted to find out how these
people are stealing oil how they're
refining it and why they're doing it
after a long ride up the river we
arrived in town not surprisingly a town
known to have oil thieves wasn't exactly
thrilled to see a group of foreigners
with cameras right away we were ushered
into a town hall meeting where the
debate at hand was whether or not we
should be allowed to stay we had to
plead our case to the people Thank You
chairman for inviting us to your
community we are very excited to come
see this part of Nigeria the Niger Delta
and we feel that the story of your
people is very important and it's our
job to tell it to the world
we finally got their blessing to film
and decided to check out the town the
first thing I noticed was the
impoverished conditions that people were
living in rural areas like this one in
five children dies before the age of
five as a walking she like powerlines
ever burned that don't work there's the
river to do everything in it they made
it what was in it but by getting sick
religious as well we spend every year
close to two hundred and fifty million
dollars directly or indirectly on
community development projects but if
you look at the scale of the
developmental needs in the Delta only
government can really plug that hole
it's hard to know how the 250 million
dollars is spent or if government
neglect is to blame but it's clear that
very little money reaches the villages
the Nigerian government did not respond
to our request for an interview but we
spoke with the chief of the
oil-producing town who gave us his view
of the issues our people are suffering
most of the feces we ask in the river
has been damaged as a result of the
rampant pollution shell supposed to
develop our area not
has been done that we are the host
community producing 235 thousand barrels
daily to the federal gold metal shed
it's a very oil-rich community very
hilarious comedy oil wells do of 21 or
peer it in oil wells but nothing else
has been done to this our community if
what he's saying is true you can
understand the people's frustration and
resentment towards the oil companies in
fact something was supposed to be done
for the communities but after decades of
seeing minimal profit from the oil wells
the band of militant Nigerians fought
back sabotaging the pipelines and
kidnapping oil workers the uprising was
settled when shell and the government
paid off the rebels to lay down their
weapons but the local residents of the
oil-producing communities none of this
money at this point started to make a
lot more sense why oil piracy had been
exploding in the region called Nigerian
swag got a machete working all morning
the locals told us that if we wanted to
find the pirates we'd have to go even
further down the river I got
so right behind me are three illegal oil
refineries it was an unbelievable sight
it's hard to imagine that very deep in
the jungle is a camp where people
refined crude oil into gasoline with
their bare hands
we're finally approaching the refinery
we're after the oil thieves hack into
the pipeline somewhere out on the Delta
they fail boats with a stolen food oil
and bring it to places like this along
the river so really smells like oil
right now
what guy outside the riverbed refining
oil by himself and it's just like coming
down into the river there's oil
everywhere it's surreal mr. Rowland was
our local guide through this make ship
for Pfizer go ahead we're gonna stick
with you buddy yeah
Oh
it looked like hell on earth streams of
gas and oil floating into the river and
massive fires burning everywhere
okay so mr. Rowland can you explain with
this general minister in those forms is
crude oil and the v4 comes through the
pipes into the structure condenses the
vapor that drops its kerosene this is
where the fuel that is petrol kerosene
Israel comes out everything they this
guy can do everything yeah they all will
come out from here
these guys make between sixty to seventy
dollars a day doing this it isn't a
fortune but it's a far cry from the one
dollar a day the majority of Nigerians
survival it's it's crude its rudimentary
but they're succeeding yeah doing what
they need to do
just doesn't meet certain safety
standards what is this
what am i standing in this is the waste
then left over which is top
so it's been mushy and barrel my first
witness rabbit it's a partial
environment of waste in order to get the
Chamber's the heat up enough to vapor
be dumped crude oil directly onto the
fire
but Julio Ohio
so hot that it's push me back and I
almost fell back into the tar oh I did
smoke too much stop we are the same
distance this people might catch fire
okay so stay away
this could catch fire yeah let's be
happy this house yes sir mr. Rowland is
making me a bit nervous every break
remove this right now
when this please bitty and satisfy at
the only realizing goal all of us will
be running helter-skelter here I have
the oil wall and oil well right on my
land but I don't know how many barrels
of oil per day is drilled from my roots
oil if an oil well is found on your land
in America you become a bolonia of
Bologna isn't it but the reverse is the
case you become a very poor man you
don't have anywhere to found
you look at this young man that is
passing what he does here feeds his
family that's it the basic fact in all
the oil companies they had to make
promises of investment and development
so did they not do anything nothing that
is why you see these things company yeah
how much animosity is there towards the
oil companies very much that was like
our boys took up arms against the oil
companies and how stable is the peace
right now is just like a we are only keg
of gunpowder anything can happen
it's just a ticking time bomb
ah cool mountains of ice are just
falling into the sea we're in for
trouble indeed this is where the Soviets
tested all their weapons so this is the
epicenter of a nuclear bomb the last six
months you have 9000 I easy that's an
IUD
once you get someone in they can never
leave even police helicopters don't dare
fly over here because two years ago one
was shot down by an anti-aircraft gun
fun place to live
okay let's get out of here
