posture I mean I've been asked this
question a lot how was it like as a
woman working either in Iran or in
Afghanistan I don't know there was just
one scene in the gambling story where
they're like oh she's not a girl really
she's a guy Tara Batman for some yeah
almost she was offended oh really am I
like okay no y-you think dad laughs oh
no Massa D woman maybe cause I'm tall my
name is Galya rukia's and I was born in
Iran I was raised in the UAE Dubai Abu
Dhabi London UK in Toronto I went back
to run in 2003 I worked there for six
years in the film industry and then I
went back to the by four year than
Afghanistan which I again worked there
for three years with a media company
so you shall shout those aromas it of
momentum I don't know Megara small dick
at wallet
mother most anything naturally the end
the day we're all gonna have opinions on
the subject and we're gonna take sighs
we're gonna be for something and be
against it it looks so sad but I think
you got a look at all the angles you
gotta see the side versus that side and
you have to be neutral to it
Judi names and I'm sorry exact had to be
out to me shake your bid to achieve
major well could make a shitty video and
I wanted to talk to me because wish me
together this attack on British cars you
should me together this attack one now
we have a huge responsibility of making
sure when we're on ground what we're
seeing is is right and what we're
understanding is correct then cannot
come again say I give a honey afire
bazan you're playing Almighty give it
you you know about this time kill mother
giving him Pat Lavanya mr.panda condoms
are last neglect well are we alone
with you the chair back sorry what a
sorry cunanan keeping yourself updated
with what's going on around you with
what's going on far away from you I
think it's important and we need to take
that chew it understand it and give it
back and we have to do it really well so
this is one huge problem here
what vice is doing it has been doing for
a long time is going listen you have
this opportunity to go out find a story
and tell it the fact that you have this
freedom to choose what story you really
passionate to tell because one of the
greatest things you know it's it's like
having a guide you're taking you're
following a person into a world
you
