I think there is a good chance the
Democrats will do very well I think
there's a good chance that they will
take back the US House maybe even the
Senate we're less than two weeks from
the election the 2018 election and the
guy who destructed the Democratic Party
in 2016 is sounding a lot like well 2016
when working people and young people
don't vote right wing Republicans and
billionaires
win Bernie Sanders doesn't change
that's where supporters love about what
has changed is a lot of Democrats now
consider Bernie part of the mainstream
the next two weeks will be in part a
test of how smart an idea that was
Sanders is currently stumping for
candidates all across the country on
Tuesday the tour landed in Arizona I'm a
fourth generation Arizona I'm a
working-class kid who was this close to
being governor of his home state folks
that's what I'm about even in this
pretty red state Sanders thinks a turn
towards the left can help boost
Democratic turnout we are going to
guarantee health care to every man woman
and child through a medicare-for-all
single-payer program not all Democrats
here agree that Sanders is a big help
Kyrsten Sinema
the party Senate candidate stayed away
from Bernie's rallies she's in a close
race David Garcia the Democratic nominee
for governor is officially an underdog
he was happy for Sanders has helped what
Arizonans are looking for our people who
are grounded in their communities taking
tough stances for those most effective
those voices are what's going to get
people out to vote
president Trump is also trying to boost
turnout by going back to his familiar
fear and loathing playbook the Democrat
Party is openly encouraging millions of
illegal aliens to break our laws violate
our borders and overwhelm our nation
there's a sense of deja vu no
Donald Trump is on the trail talking
about the border and and
racially-charged stuff the last time
that happened didn't go that well for
Democrats
does this feel different than then I'll
tell you I think there is a good chance
the Democrats will do very well I think
there's a good chance that they will
take back the US House maybe even the
Senate but it will not happen and this I
absolutely believe people sit back in
their a hole there was this wonderful
blue wave I don't have to do anything
people got up to work overtime a triple
time I want to make it happen if this
doesn't work if Democrats come up short
this time does that mean not gonna
speculate about what if right now all I
can tell you is that I am working as hot
as I possibly can to see that we end
one-party rule in Washington I will talk
to you happy to talk to you after the
election
