tonight who's responsible for that who
should be held accountable for the
warning systems having failed on this
scale so what are we standing on right
now 6 million gallons a pig food very
disappointed so that's cap Dylan Plus
Yelp it was something about when I put
this hat off and made me feel like
Superman
I did say abolish with the hat off
because why would you keep something
around that's a trap door for two-minute
vote the third season mimic didn't look
like the people they were amending also
at that point it was illegal for African
Americans to read so that meant if you
actually read the minute you get locked
up its her to the safe this right here
is the I plain one it's a hydrogen
powered airplane and this is what our
president should be flying in if he
don't look good we don't look good this
is our president he has to be the
freshest the flyest the fly explains the
best factories the liberal would try to
control a black person through the
concept of racism because they know that
we are very proud of emotional people so
when I said I like Trump to like someone
that's liberal they'll say oh but these
races you think racism can control me oh
they don't stop me up an invisible wall
I don't answer questions that simple
assignments of sound bites you you are
tasting a fine wine it has multiple
notes into it and I think it'd be cool
for them to be Trump factories because
he's a master of Industry he's a builder
and I think it'd be cool to have easy
ideation centers there's a future
presidential candidate could very well
be
rescue teams in Indonesia are planning
to officially end the search for victims
on Friday just over two weeks since an
earthquake and tsunami hit the city of
Palo they found more than 2,000 bodies
and officials say five thousand people
are unaccounted for but they're wrapping
the search because rescuers were at risk
of disease and are likely to find
survivors in the village of Port au beau
700 houses were destroyed
Chandra Krishna reenter got two Palu two
days after the earthquake hit he's been
working for 12 days straight
how many people are part of the
search-and-rescue operation here yeah
hurry Nathan coming with Jim beam's our
coverage Indra serratus to rule upon me
personally I just can't even understand
how you would begin to try and retrieve
bodies from this destruction capacitor
Molly had access in Budokan far too
young to cope Palma Carmen Luna de
senador punku young a Sheraton grande it
at chalindo puak open process moving
dairy Corbin
that's another one of the bodies yeah
the Nutella Salazar to sing asahiyama
love him I mean transit MPA Papa's him
I'm not stupid
how many bodies are you finding every
day very promising and her living proof
arias each in bahasa Luhan compacting on
her trajeron Kumari
misoo terminal concept Anya Serapis but
pollution villain Corbin Columbus is
imminent gardenia when you come to a
place like this
talk me through the emotions you feel
sorry secondary science paper Corbin
chatting hi Mombasa secondary power pop
Anita della Santina he took over casaya
dirty solution and kamana 4.0 support
assad the epic Wasi can become slam fm
haloo is in the province of central
sulawesi which lies on a major fault
line the magnitude 7.5 earthquake struck
a 6:02 p.m. local time
over the next 30 minutes three tsunami
waves amplified and concentrated by the
narrow obey hit the city of three
hundred and thirty thousand people
the earthquake is believed to have
caused a phenomenon called liquefaction
where pressure pushes ground water to
the surface turning soil into liquid
destroying entire neighborhoods burying
residents alive early warning systems
failed on mass buoy in tidal gauges that
we'd sea level changes were either not
working or too far away 78,000 people
have been displaced survivors in remote
towns waited days for clean water and
electricity the government says it's
turning its focus to getting them help
local politicians have been elusive and
defensive who's responsible for that who
should be held accountable for the
warning systems having failed on this
scale Mondrian commentary in Turkey yeah
Oren CCAM CAG a communion
Paris Arcadian campus more daring and is
Rick McKee top communion communica see
drop the DPR Committee gases party Appa
piccolo keynesian you had a P Philip
Goleta did a bishop on Hawaii
we are heat up react react react Naboo
in do you think the government response
has been adequate yeah Lobby as a this
one for marine taboos are proven that
they are appropriate and kabupaten luar
biasa yeah athena do you walk too young
similar Harini : : Sudha is a bully
economy Masaryk are but Sudan district
tarragon about communica see us dismiss
or the Malibu
but the government doesn't plan to bring
every neighborhood back they're
considering turning Valera into a mass
grave you - oh my - it's the first time
say no Bluntman Garza has been able to
return to her home the earthquake killed
her son and she's still in shock
Oh Martha go young lady plus I'm Angela
jack - yeah - Kahlua in eat Anna cut a
turbine engine puttering along somewhere
is a comparison how did you manage to
escape
it's a banger someone aku Doren charge
Erin Lee black on a peninsula room to
Samba suma door and bars I have office
on keluarga side Mossad or anyone even
devourer like thousands of other
survivors
zeyneb now lives in a makeshift camp
sleeping on the floor with her large
family even if she could return home
she's not sure she'd want to do you
wanna go do what you do garden peter
buddha temple Tinga now editor otamatone
opinion dilamuca nikita bikini truth
they do return a buggy investment
from the very beginning
the Trump administration has equated
immigrants with the criminal threats and
it's made the San Francisco Bay Area
into its main adversary in the fight
against sanctuary cities the claim is
that when a place like Oakland protects
people from getting deported it's
letting dangerous criminals go free
that argument was on full display
earlier this year when Oakland's mayor
Libby Schaaf publicly warned that ice
was about to launch a large-scale
operation in late February residents
should know that they do not have an
obligation to open their doors if an ice
official knocks that sent the
administration into a tailspin
those are 800 wanted criminals that are
not large in that community so here's my
message
the mayor chef how dare you how dare you
needlessly endanger the lives of our law
enforcement officers to promote a
radical open borders agenda things
snowballed from there a spokesman for
ice quit over sessions is claimed about
800 wanted criminals which he said was a
lie and ice later took back the claim
entirely then 12 Senate Democrats signed
a letter demanding to know exactly how
many dangerous criminals had actually
been arrested we now know the answer to
that question through a Freedom of
Information request vice news got
detailed data on the criminal
backgrounds of the people that I surest
it in this rate which was called
Operation keep safe - here's what we
found
233 people were arrested across northern
and central California 122 of them had
criminal convictions that means the rest
almost half of everyone arrested had no
criminal record whatsoever now let's
break down the ones that did have a
record the largest category 29 people
had a record that consisted of traffic
offenses
nineteen people had drug offenses but
that can mean anything from trafficking
to simple possession so let's look at
what ice calls level-one offenses those
are the most serious crimes like
homicide and kidnapping 47 people about
20% of those arrested had level 1
convictions but about half of them were
from more than 10 years ago
that leaves exactly 22 people 9% of the
233 who were arrested who committed a
serious crime in the last decade we
showed the data to Jon Sandwich who was
an official at Homeland Security and
acting director of ice under Obama
there's a gap here between the rhetoric
and the way in which this operation was
described and the net results in terms
of how many individuals were apprehended
who posed an active public safety threat
to the US I think I need to do a better
job of focusing on people who are at
large and in communities right who have
serious criminal histories and in some
cases they you know there's other
evidence that there they pose an active
danger to society I think my concern
here with this operation is that the
targeting is broad they went far beyond
any kind of rationale parameters ice
declined to comment on these specific
numbers they just referred us to their
original press release for the operation
under Trump unlike under Obama ice is
open about the fact that it considers
every undocumented immigrant fair game
for arrest and deportation but the
political argument against sanctuary
cities is still essentially about public
safety
about letting ice take dangerous
criminals off the streets and that's the
argument that starts to break apart when
you look at the numbers
after battering the Florida Panhandle
and killing at least six people
Hurricane Michael has weakened to a
tropical storm but as it moves north to
North Carolina it's now dumping rain on
the same areas ravaged by hurricane
Florence last month more flooding isn't
just a challenge for families hoping to
rebuild it could also pose a danger to
the water supply North Carolina is the
second largest pork producer in the
country and its nine point four million
hogs produce around ten billion gallons
of waste each year most of which gets
stored in open lagoons when storms
caused those lagoons to flood the
surrounding communities can literally
find themselves in deep when
Hurricane Floyd hit in 1999 pig waste
from swamps lagoons wreaked havoc on the
state's waterways and during Florence
more than 50 lagoons flooded again
everyone in North Carolina knows that
pig poop can be a big problem but
there's not a lot of agreement about how
to solve it
Morris Murphy takes care of 15,000 Hawks
and like many other farmers here in
Duplin County he puts their in
massive open pits five of them this is
pretty much standard industry wide you
know I get the question you know yo all
technology is advancing all over ways
why is it not hitting the farm don't ask
I got that if it ain't things don't
broke it's not broke don't fix it to you
the fill level in the lagoons is only
allowed to get to a certain point and to
keep it there Murphy uses the excess to
fertilize his fields using what amounts
to the world's smelliest aerosol sprays
the sprinkler is rotating back and forth
and that takes care of all you set it on
for whatever speeds you want so we know
how many gallons of nitrogen we're
putting per acre
oh it's calculated very simple during
Hurricane Florence Morris's lagoons
didn't flood and the hog waste remain
within his property in his view the
system works even in emergencies and
everybody saw this one coming I mean the
industry as a whole everybody done a
fantastic job is this the best way to
take care of the waste of hogs produce
and then turn it in nutrients it's the
best way to my knowledge if there's all
that I said if there's other ways to do
it I'm open to listen to it to put a
cover on this on this Lagoon right here
this size would probably $300,000 I got
three of them here I got two more that'd
be a million lakh dollars I couldn't
survive it personally I think the
system's fine somebody needs to come
here important to me and prove to me
that what I'm doing is bad for the
environment before I feel like I'd even
change it so what are we standing on
right now 6 million gallons of pig food
how ready do you think this lagoon is
for hurricane Michael
very yeah we could get 40 inches of rain
and it wouldn't make any difference
Tom Butler runs 8,000 hogs in Lillington
a decade ago he radically overhauled
I was for intense with waste we've said
several times during the first year what
have we gotten into and that was due
mainly to the odor and to the amount of
waste we produced in 2008 Butler decided
to take advantage of now-defunct
government funding programs to install
airtight covers over his lagoons the
covers keep the odor down and prevent
flooding an operating system converts
the trapped biogas into electricity
one reason why more farmers haven't
adopted this solution is a quirk in the
way the hog farming system works big
agricultural conglomerates hire the
farmers as contract growers it's the
conglomerates who own the pigs but the
farmers who own the ship meaning they
don't have the incentive or the cash on
hand to change the system on a larger
scale and dealing with waste seems like
a pretty expensive problem the biggest
expense for us would be if I wanted to
close the farm right now that everything
paid off was absolutely disgusted and
wanting to leave it would cost me three
hundred and twenty thousand dollars out
of my pocket to just close these to see
rent the pigs you own the waste yes we
didn't have any idea of what we were
taking on because we weren't educated in
waste management I'd say 95% of the
growers that signed contracts were had
no education in waste management we have
a system that's not working
we believe survivors became a mantra for
Democrats protesting Cavanaugh's
confirmation but one woman who's made
accusations against a prominent Democrat
isn't being heard and he looked at me
goes hey you hear me and then he looked
at me he goes bitch get the out of my
house and he started trying to drag me
off the bed
that woman is Karen Monahan and she's
accusing congressman keith Ellison the
vice chairman of the Democratic National
Committee and a candidate for Minnesota
Attorney General of physical and verbal
abuse I listened in Monaghan dated for
about three years
she says that incident in August of 2016
was the only time Allison was violent
towards her Monaghan's allegations have
a lot of parallels to the charges made
by dr. Christine Blasi Ford for one
neither pressed charges at the time of
the alleged attack something that was
used to raise doubts about both women's
claims both Kavanaugh and Allison have
dismissed the allegations and said they
were politically motivated here's what
Ellison said when he was asked at a PBS
debate in September if he was confident
there wouldn't be any more allegations
against him look you know in this
political environment you know I don't
know what somebody might cook up but I
can tell you that there is absolutely
nobody that I'm aware of who has any
sort of who's threatening or suggesting
or whoever made a prior accusation both
men faced other accusers too after dr.
Ford's allegations were made public
other women came forward with their own
and Ellison had faced a previous assault
allegation in 2006 from a Minnesota
woman who wrote in an op-ed that she
called the police after the congressman
came to her house uninvited argued with
her and quote grabbed me and pushed me
out of the way
Ellison denied it ever happened with the
allegations against both Cavanaugh and
Ellison there was an outside
investigation that didn't really
corroborating in both cases those
defending the accusers called the
investigations a sham the state
Democratic Party hired an outside
counsel to investigate Monaghan's
charges against Ellison but Andrew
Parker Karen Monaghan's lawyer says the
firm does business with the party a
clear conflict of interest bias and
prejudgment has to be considered because
this is a law firm that the state
Democratic Party chooses they protect
and represent the Democratic Party and
the alleged abuser here is a celebrity
leader of the progressive movement in
the Democratic Party one key difference
unlike Blasi Ford Monahan says she has
hard evidence that the assault took
place a video she took on her cell phone
as it happened her son says he's seen it
but she won't release it to the public
or to the attorney investigating her
claims but maybe the biggest most
glaring difference is how the Democratic
Party has handled the two different
scandals national Democrats rallied
around dr. Ford calling for Cavanaugh to
withdraw his nomination over the
allegations there's been crickets from
party leaders about Ellison remember the
last time a prominent Minnesota Democrat
faced allegations of sexual misconduct
national Democrats were pretty quick to
call for then senator Al Franken to
resign and he was pretty quick to do it
the generous explanation for their
silence this time is that there's enough
doubt surrounding the allegations
against Keith Ellison that they're not
worth acting on the cynical explanation
here's what Monaghan's attorney told me
this is all about selective support
depending on whose team the alleged
abuser is on it's not about the women
it's about power and that's very sad the
most recent poll of the Attorney General
race gives a listen just a five point
lead over the Republican
he drops out Democrats would lose their
best known candidate and potentially
their strongest shot at keeping a seat
that's been in democratic hands for
decades
Oh Casey I love counting I think
direction like the general tone of this
this needs to be sentimental it needs to
be a kind of like perfect day
type vibe it's such a perfect day to get
married to a lovely banach is a creative
studio that uses predictive text and
other kinds of machine learning to write
stuff human machine collaborative
writing that wouldn't have come from a
person and wouldn't have come from a
machine but weirdly does come from the
combination of the two together each
song pulls from a bunch of different
source materials and synthesizes them so
this is Sesame Street lyrics lyrics to
the Velvet Underground and a collection
of wedding announcements in the New York
Times
because marriage isn't a lot of coverage
of AI frames it as what if the robots
get better than us at doing everything
isn't this scary we're not trying to
speed up writing that already exists
we're trying to make a new kind of
writing that would only come from this
combinations of people and machines the
program we use is called voice box
I wrote voice box based on what I
understood of the phone predictive text
keyboard so as the person operating this
machine gyro task is at every step of
the sentence choose a word that could
lead to a good line or whatever you want
to write I love art that has humor and
maybe a subtext of like social
commentary mixed in with it and then
music like the 50 everything I like in
one package it's cyborg writing you know
it's not it's not automated it's not AI
it's not actually a bot and it's also
not just us faking how a robot would
write getting things wrong on purpose
it's yeah if to me like I said the
benchmark is something a third thing
that neither neither entity could create
on its own for the lead single on this
album the two source text we used were
all of Morris's lyrics on one hand and
all Amazon customer reviews of the p90x
workout DVD system on the other and
wrote it into a song justice
I really started
this is the second stop on this
angularity tour which is a tour to
promote phonics first album we're gonna
subject baby castles to another
predictive text song this one by one of
the original sixties kings of protest
music Bob Dylan in combination with
negative Yelp reviews of 4th Street
restaurants
I ain't sure if anyone would make this
place is newer definitely won't be
coming back
very disappointed with the quality of
food I was very disappointed with the
staff
there's something about comedy writing
the first step is asking what are all
the words that get me to that voice not
impressed recommend voice box is pretty
good at giving you a bunch of words that
put you in a voice and then you're the
one who's good at figuring out what to
do with them so that's Bob Dylan Plus
Yelp
you
you
