Oh Casey I love counting your frog I
think that gives us direction like the
general tone of this this needs to be
sentimental it needs to be a kind of
like perfect day type vibe it's such a
perfect day to get married to a muppet
banach is a creative studio that uses
predictive text and other kinds of
machine learning to write stuff human
machine collaborative writing that
wouldn't have come from a person and
wouldn't have come from a machine but
weirdly does come from the combination
of the two together each song pulls from
a bunch of different source materials
and synthesizes them so this is Sesame
Street lyrics lyrics to the Velvet
Underground and a collection of wedding
announcements in the New York Times
because marriages and a lot of coverage
of AI frames it as what if the robots
get better than us at doing everything
isn't this scary we're not trying to
speed up writing that already exists
we're trying to make a new kind of
writing that would only come from this
combinations of people and machines the
program we use is called voice box
I wrote voice box based on what I
understood of the phone predictive text
keyboard so as the person operating this
machine your task is at every step of
the sentence choose a word that could
lead to a good line or whatever you want
to write I love art that has humor and
maybe it's subtext of like social
commentary mixed in with it and then
music like the 50 everything I like in
one package it's cyborg writing you know
it's not it's not automated it's not AI
it's not actually a bot and it's also
not just us
faking how a robot would write getting
things wrong on purpose it's yeah if to
me like I said the benchmark is
something a third thing that neither
neither entity could create on its own
for the lead single on this album the
two source texts we used were all of
morsi's lyrics on one hand and all
amazon customer reviews at the p90x
workout DVD system on the other and
wrote it into a song justice
I really started
and I think it's I've got bored with
this is the second stop on this
angularity tour which is a tour to
promote phonics first album we're gonna
subject baby castles to another
predictive text song this one by one of
the original sixties kings of protest
music Bob Dylan in combination with
negative Yelp reviews of 4th Street
restaurants
I ain't sure if anyone would think this
place is pure definitely won't be coming
back
very disappointed with the quality of
food I was very disappointed with the
staff
there's something about comedy writing
the first step is asking what are all
the words that get me to that voice not
impressed
recommend voice box is pretty good at
giving you a bunch of words that put you
in a voice and then you're the one who's
good at figuring out what to do with
them so that's Bob Dylan Plus Yelp
you
