the Supreme Court reconvened today with
a full bench for the first time since
Anthony Kennedy retired in July Brett
Kavanaugh cemented the courts
conservative majority as the justices
heard oral arguments for a case that
asks which felonies count as violent
when it comes to criminal sentencing and
other cases on the docket may have an
even broader impact like a class-action
suit that asks how quickly DHS needs to
start deportation proceedings against
immigrants with criminal records the
lead plaintiff Moni pre-op became a
lawful permanent resident in 1981 but he
was picked up by immigration authorities
in 2013 seven years after he served time
for a misdemeanor marijuana possession
charge
DHS said that since pre-ops drug
conviction was a deportable offense he
was subject to mandatory detention
meaning they could hold him in
emigration jail indefinitely without
bond
while his deportation case played out
Nielson V pre-op which will be argued
tomorrow asks if immigrants who've
served time are exempt from mandatory
detention if DHS doesn't take them into
custody immediately after they complete
their criminal sentence
Russell buck Lew was sentenced to death
in Missouri for murder kidnapping and
rape Missouri execute prisoners by
lethal injection
the most common execution method in the
US but Buck Lou was born with a rare
medical condition that covers his head
neck and throat in blood fields tumors
he argued that an injection could make
the tumors burst causing him to
hemorrhage and potentially choke on his
own blood and asked to be executed in
the gas chamber instead buck Lou be
precise asks whether the Eighth
Amendment which bans cruel and unusual
punishment grants death row inmates the
right to prove that a certain execution
method would be unconstitutionally
torturous it'll be argued in November 3
weeks before another 8th amendment case
Tim's V Indiana which is about something
called civil asset forfeiture a tactic
that lets cops seize property they say
was involved in a crime including money
real estate in cars like a land rover
owned by Tyson Tim's who was convicted
in Indiana of felony drug dealing the
land rover was worth more than four
times the maximum fine for Tim's crime
but the Indiana Supreme
Court said the seizure was legal under
state law and that the eighth amendments
ban on excessive fines doesn't clearly
apply in every state the federal
government took nearly 5 billion dollars
worth of property via ass at four
feature in 2014 sometimes even without
evidence of wrongdoing and states took
hundreds of millions more if Tim's wins
it could curb the practice across the
country arguments haven't yet been
scheduled in 2011 a group of iPhone
buyers claimed Apple had an unlawful
monopoly on iOS apps they argued that by
forcing iOS users to use the App Store
and by taking a 30% cut for math
developers Apple passed inflated costs
onto consumers in Apple V pepper which
will also be heard in November the
justices will decide whether the iPhone
buyers are even able to sue Apple for
this alleged monopoly in the first place
only direct purchasers can sue under
antitrust law and Apple claims that
users actually buy apps from developers
not from Apple itself the ruling could
affect how much power consumers have
over tech giants
you
