Pech fatigue or voodoo wrestling is one
of the most popular sports in the Congo
name deFrank is a native Congolese
wrestler who now lives in the UK his
reach is still here and he constantly
comes back to the DRC to organize local
catch petit matches his main goal is to
take catch fatigue included the Buddha
traditions to an international audience
after Frank's victory we caught up with
him to hear about the cultural
significance of catch 40 in the Congo
and how he's planning on helping
Congolese fighters take on the rest of
the world
my vision is to go international I want
to promote this style qawwali style
around the world I believe there's a
future really good future for Congolese
wrestling I want to take it from ghetto
to the international media my Big M is
to organize world championship wrestling
championship in Congo just like a
Muhammad Ali and George Foreman
because in Congo we don't believe when
they say John Cena is the world champion
no he's American champion he didn't
fight with companies in fact if any
African so what they say is the war do
you think he'd lose against an African
under to say idios yes hundred percent
because college wrestler they can fight
alone
very tough they're good Wesley believe
me good technician top that we have our
Satish there's been I mean aside from
the economic problems I mean it's been
two wars fairly recently conflict still
happening within the last year where
people even able to go and watch catch
for T SH when all this conflict is
happening yes people will still go if we
unknowns that we're gonna do the catch
fatigues we're gonna do the catch over
there where there is the wall they will
give us a day that war we stop for
Wesley really winning we're gonna do cut
status because people like to come this
is what is a big undetermined they miss
it this will be one thing to bring to
people with breathing people who's in
software if is no music is cut so
wherever we go cut with you and you're
talking about cash fetish means so much
culturally for Congolese right nothing
Congo do you think that you see
something when you watch a catch for
teach match that I'll never see which is
culturally yes we have this vision which
we are prepared says was young we have
our gun dad or mom talking about the
culture so always stay in your head
so when you see things you can connect
it to more to burn that Thole so a lot
of thing we prepare and extended in
different way that you are not you are
outside that you just come and say you
need to take time to be trained or me to
understand the root of that
you
