right-wing populism is surging in Europe
voters in Hungary Poland the Czech
Republic and Italy have installed
nationalist anti-immigrant leaders in
high office and other leaders who share
their views are pushing for power around
the continent that alignment has created
a significant political force and also
an opportunity for a right-wing gorgon
Iser without a job
Steve Bannon one amongst to unite
Europe's populist forces something evils
the movement after the November
elections when President Trump defeats
the cultural Marxist Democratic Party
and is not impeached I will be spending
you know eighty percent of my time in
Europe in preparation for the European
parliamentary elections to get the
movement going bananas working with a
local partner Belgium lawyer Michele not
weakened when we met in London was a
match and basically you know we were
having the same vision of what's
happened and what should be done and and
Steve's say look I could have I could
have finish your sentence and you could
have finished mine and it's true you
agree on everything yeah we agree on
everything from the being the principle
Madrid human made his money representing
shareholders during the financial crisis
he uses his fortune to dabble in
politics now he in banning the training
their sights on the European
parliamentary elections in May and the
movement is offering members support in
the way of polling digital strategy and
data analysis we want to concentrate on
what is uniting us but it will be for
sure border sovereignty fight against
radical Islam and limitation migration
these four tenets we know that from
north to south as east to west
everybody can can go beyond that and so
you set up the movement with about three
thousand dollars yeah other than the
fame that bannon's association with
Trump
brings to you movement what else does
Bannon break said money
the idea is to DA's so in order to the
years the idea came from Europe but
we're just found in brains abandoned
presumably first of all is bringing his
experience and prestige you know it was
instrumental in getting the election of
President State and for sure it brings a
lot of exposure you know to the press
particularly is he useful from bringing
in monitor it will be useful to bring
money don't no doubt I mean it will have
is his donors I think will also put the
part of its own money into into this to
Europe's right Israeli hungry is Viktor
Orban has become its poster child his
hardline and immigration policies have
led to the threat of EU sanctions pro
sovereignty populist are uniting in his
defense one of them is Mattias Alvina
now Deputy Prime Minister of Italy most
of the movements first official member
benanna mode recommen just turned him up
last month what does being in me in the
meaning you are a member of the club I
know but this is we're not in the
playground anymore
being in is that a formal agreement it
is a verbal formal agreement I explained
him as I do with you the objective of
the movement I asked him whether he
wanted to join say to me yes we are
joining secondly if it would be
participating over you know a first
summit said to me yes
provide the time available and and three
can I make it public as simple as that
and to be a member of our club will be
on the internal side and a membership
fees no no no is it what's the extent of
his commitment I mean can he influence
the direction of the movement the member
it he has disagreements where they they
cannot be if we a member of a club of
this club Hungary Poland Italy Lawrence
of Law and Justice Party of they stand
up in Poland will will see will talk to
them you would you like them to will
talk to them we'll see whisper it to
them yet with
we wouldn't speak to them as we speak
so many people to speak to and to me
that we didn't speak to them yet but it
may be the potential members have
reservations about not willkommen
some would be allies have already said
they're not interested in what he's
cooking
Blum's bell on another belgian party
yeah girl Hahnemann's member of the
european parliament also affiliated in
the same european parliament grouping as
salvini he said outright i'm never gonna
work with mister Madri c'mon fine fine
you won't be a member of the club I've
no problem with this but why wouldn't he
want to be because he and his party
share lots of the same they they share
these four fundamental values of the
movement we have such a large interest
from all over that I really don't care
about those for whatsoever reason that
express reserve or say that they don't
want to join by the way you have to be
invited to join you have to be invited
there are those who obviously are our
natural partners and that there are
those were may be what I would call in a
grey zone where very clearly Stephan
myself basically we'd have to take the
decision whether we individually invite
them or not
just steam pan and understand Europe and
its nuances do you think even the same
perfectly the dynamics of politics he
understand exactly the problem of the
common guy know that he knows less
Europe then he would know the US policy
then that's obvious but that's why we
are it's a partnership and it is
learning fast
the movement is a club with only one
official member its website isn't live
yet and the summit originally scheduled
for this summer still hasn't happened
sounds like you've got a bit of work
today we'd like and you see they don't
want to see you sort of do this
they are all lining up all lining and
all sales for my my life no wise man
no it's what what we offer I'm sure that
you know there people don't like me
you
