this summer a chunk of ice the size of
lower Manhattan broke off a glacier in
eastern Greenland it contained 10
billion tons of ice and the video of the
event was a perfectly shareable piece of
climate change Dredd except a team of
NASA scientists studying sea-level rise
has much more dreadful much less visible
news glaciers aren't just melting from
above they're melting from below over
the past few years
Eric Daniel has been measuring glaciers
in Greenland as part of a NASA
expedition called oceans melting
Greenland or OMG
yeah I've seen that a long time
the missions main objective is to study
the biggest and most overlooked source
of glacial melt warm ocean currents
hundreds of metres below the surface so
you're scanning the seafloor right now
yeah we're measuring the glacier you
know all the way to the foot of the
glacier I mean it basically it is
standing in the water right now we are
going other where the glacier used to be
you know you can see landmarks you know
along the side of the glacier evidence
of the loss of ice
unlike most bodies of water the ocean
surrounding Greenland actually gets
warmer with increasing depth that's
because warm salty currents from the
Atlantic are heavier than fresh glacial
water so those currents end up on the
bottom and that is why NASA is mapping
the ocean floor as Greenland's deepest
waters warm the biggest glaciers melt at
increasing speeds and figuring out just
how fast that's happening may help
humans figure out just how much hurt
were in for did we always know that
glaciers were melting from the bottom no
this is something we started thinking
about maybe 10 years ago 10 years ago
yeah why do you think it took so long
probably because we saw so many changes
in the glaciers you really have to
figure out what is missing here and
understanding prior to that probably
people never asked the question because
there's no dramatic change in the
glaciers that they could relate to
between 2002 and 2016 Greenland lost
about 280 Giga tons of ice a year that
amount of melted ice which would be
enough to fill more than a billion the
Olympic sized swimming pools cause
global sea levels to rise measurably and
as the oceans warm that's only going to
increase the glaciers that are really
big and really deep are the ones that we
should be worried about yes the water
not only melts the glaciers from below
so it produces some counting it forces
the gracious to retreat it's like
opening a dam they are the major control
on what's happening on the ice sheets
they control everything the OMG mission
is trying to create the most
comprehensive picture of Greenland's
glacial coastline ever made Eric does
this from the ocean surface by sailing
into iceberg crowded fjords to gather
data on the hardest to reach glaciers
but there's another component of the
mission that's gathering a much broader
set of data from the sky
that's where Josh Willis comes in he
runs the OMG mission out of the Jet
Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena so
this is our ocean survey basically this
is all the places we just got back from
all the dots are places where we're
measuring the temperature and salinity
of the ocean
we fly this plane around
and we drop censors out of the prom they
fall in a little parachute and when they
reach the ocean they split into two
parts and a part stays at the surface
and the other part Falls it falls all
the way down to the sea floor a thousand
meters and as it goes it's measuring the
temperature and the saltiness of the
water and then that gets radioed back to
the plane in real-time so they'll give
us a really good picture of what's going
on all the way around Greenland why
focus so much energy and money on
Greenland Greenland has enough ice to
raise sea levels by 25 feet if it all
melted today now we don't think that the
ice is gonna melt in one year but the
difference between 25 feet in a thousand
years and 25 feet in a couple hundred
years is actually devastating as well
and that's really what we're trying to
get at with oMG because if the ice sheet
is going to melt quickly it will be
because of this ocean ice interaction
not because of the air warming and if
we're reshaping the coastline in a
radical way you know do you want to take
out a 30-year mortgage on a house that
might be flooded in 30 years and so it's
real and it's time to start dealing with
it 200
how does it make you feel to see all of
this change I think it's it's sometimes
a little bit difficult to convey the
magnitude of the change to the public
some of these changes are so dramatic
this is sort of impressive denial it
just can't be true it can't be happening
so fast right you're just exaggerating
or maybe it's just a few warmer summers
but it's not like that these changes are
pretty big and this is just the
beginning
you
