can you tell us about a sexual encounter
where consent was an issue yeah I think
over the course of my life as with a lot
of my friends and I'm sure a lot of
women there have been many it was my
freshman year it was around the fall so
I had just got settled into my my dorm
room I was very drunk and I asked a
friend for a ride home I like this
person this person liked me and you know
you began to make out he started kissing
me and I didn't want I was like okay
that's all right and then all of a
sudden it becomes it's an energy shift
but then he started to undress me and he
had his hand on my head and he kind of
like pushed it and it becomes less about
you as a person in more of you as a
thing he like had just sort of like put
himself inside me without me saying
anything and then when I started saying
no he sort of was like in my head I was
like no no no no no but
you know you know was never really a
factor in whether or not it was gonna
happen
I felt like if I kept trying that
something worse would happen so I
eventually just kind of let it happen
every single woman I know past stories
like that where she's just sort of like
let her body be used because it was just
easier or it felt safer
I remember when I was about 18 and there
was this guy who was a friend of mine
who I just thought was the most
beautiful person in the world and we had
gone out one night we'd been drinking a
lot and it wasn't until I kind of turned
around and saw him naked and he started
taking my clothes off and pushing my
head down that um I realized that really
not a tiny part of me wanted to do that
I remember saying to him I don't really
want to have sex and I also remember him
kind of taking that as a cue to convince
me it's only really now that this moment
of cultural reckoning has come about
that I think so many of us are thinking
about our own experiences and our own
sexual encounters and it's those kind of
conversations most of which have been
taking place behind closed doors between
myself and my friends that I thought you
know it's a good time to explore what
consent really means which is the reason
I wanted to make this documentary
no I don't turn the wrong group Mr Bond
growing up I learned about love and
romance through movies like James Bond
where the hero spend their time in the
relentless pursuit of women which is
seen as a sexy ideal but off screen
Hollywood itself has been changing now
to the latest on Harvey Weinstein the
New York Times reporting allegations by
numerous women who say that nearly a
year ago the Harvey Weinstein scandal
unleashed a flood of allegations that
became known as the me2 movement
it began with stories of workplace
sexual harassment that implicated scores
of powerful men and impacted countless
institutions around the world including
Vice in this moment of extraordinary
reckoning these personal encounters
could have enormous political
consequences major breaking news about
Brett Kavanaugh confirmation woman says
the president's US Supreme Court nominee
assaulted her when she and Cavanaugh
were both in high school but me too has
also created a more nuanced cultural
debate for me it was one woman's
anonymous account of a confusing sexual
encounter with the actor Aziz I'm sorry
that hit a nerve begging the question
what constitutes sexual consent Jessica
Bennett gender editor at The New York
Times explained why this story stood out
from the rest what were your thoughts
Wendy Aziz Ansari exposed a killer I've
been in this situation and most people I
know have to you know journalistically I
thought there were a lot of problems
with how the reporting was done how it
was delivered but that case opened up a
really important conversation that
needed to happen alongside or within me
to at large which is that there are
these sort of murkier gray area
situations to be honest I think that a
lot of us myself included hadn't really
thought about it until Dizzy's I'm sorry
thinking out and then it was like oh
what's that situation yeah
I mean I think a lot of us all genders
are looking back on past experiences
with a new lens now and you can't really
put this back to the way it was like
Harvey Weinstein began this conversation
but it's not a new conversation the me2
movement actually began in communities
of color years before Harvey Weinstein's
a list accusers propelled it
international infamy whose mission is to
bring the movement right back to where
it started
some of you might be like wait a minute
what is this sexologist and bitch where
did you go to school
dick-sucking University but in all
actuality I look at how human sexuality
plays a part in our daily lives so now I
got the nerdy out the way let's
talk about
we joined her during a live taping of
the popular sex podcast horrible
decisions well she was the special guest
so what we're gonna do is I'm gonna read
some scenarios right and these people
are gonna say it's a go I don't know
it's a no because oftentimes the gray
areas of space we don't talk about all
right so here we go took Wanda and
Terrance met on a tinder date she was
pleased with the conversation and
decided to have sex with him that night
in the morning took Wanda woke up before
her partner and decided she wanted to
give him a blowjob while he was sleeping
at consensual or not I'm gonna wake you
up anyway I want to be sure it's okay
yeah I can do whatever I want to do to
us really if I already sucked your do
almost suck it within 24 hours like you
leave it like it's not consensual
anything and that's the double standard
when it comes to men and women Oh think
of the guy when you're a man is assumed
that you're the aggressor that you take
you take initiative but when you're the
woman you're the submissive so now what
happens is that when women take a
dominant position because they're women
and we're men we're supposed to accept
if you doing it in a waiter
the thing is though as the discussion
has to be had between the two people
about what can and can't go down here
let me be real these three plus me we're
nasty
you seem very middle of the road I'm
pretty but probably vanilla do you have
conversations with your partner prior to
actual intercourse why do you think we
don't do that I'm not saying we
shouldn't do it
I guess it's yeah it's realistic it's
the society that we're in and it's like
what we used to and it's kind of normal
just to have sex without having a big I
would like to talk to you about what
we're gonna we're gonna corner you and
the we're gonna find you backstage girl
or smash
she looks so conservative right like
she's like she got straight A's in
school right
couple things of learn firstly that I
have incredibly boring sex secondly that
even with this incredibly progressive
audience that still they don't seem to
be genuine confusion around the topic of
consent and so it's obviously a massive
gray area it's hard for people to accept
it's hard for people to say oh
maybe I did that wrong and I think what
adds to that is that we live in a
sensationalized media world that wants
to drag people as soon as they try to
apologize or say oh I realize I did
it wrong I sometimes become frustrated
with how the me2 movement has moved so
far away from what it started as an
opportunity for us to call attention to
youth of color in disenfranchised
communities that experienced physical
assault and now it's like is 'yes' Ari
I'm really guilty and then I'm reminded
are you compromising that survivors
experience because trauma is experienced
by every single person differently like
what you might identify as trauma I
might be like girl that's Tuesday so
what do you think is the truth and the
Aziz Ansari case I think there's a lot
of truth but I think the overall truth
is that our society has groomed both men
and women not to communicate
appropriately about sex in the 1970s and
80s the campaign Take Back the Night
emerged on college campuses
laying out the unambiguous message that
no means no when it comes to sexual
encounters but the problem with that is
that anything apart from no could by
default mean yes which is why many
universities across the country are now
in stating affirmative consent policies
where only a clear verbal yes actually
means yes what do you feel like
affirmative consent no needing to have a
yes a solid yes before you move ahead
with anything Oh make it a kiss off if
your dick can't withstand a simple
question then it should wilt like the
shitty flower that it is if you're
asking it every step during a sexual
experience do I have your permission to
kiss you do I have your permission to
take off your underwear that's
definitely gonna kill the vibe
you gotta flow into the moment man you
ain't out here just play oh can I touch
your titty can I touch your booty like
yeah I got time for that I think it
would be better to be awkward than to be
in the wrong I think you got to read
those signs I guess and that's I mean
that's what's hard for me is reading
those signs we're at Northeastern
University in Boston about to go and
meet dr. Lisa ban who is a
neuroscientist who can help us
understand how the way that our brains
work actually create confusion around
consent this study was designed to
figure out when we influence your
physical state in a particular way how
does that change the way that you see
other people okay all right and I think
that like it's tugging or pulling you
know it feels completely normal
right freak this test attempts to
measure the theory that our mood
influences what we see if we feel good
then we tend to judge others more
positively I was asked to rate neutral
faces on likability reliability and
trustworthiness but unknown to my
conscious mind flashing images of
scowling or smiling faces were shown
split seconds before to influence my
answer
which were then recorded along with my
heart rate and perspiration looking at
your skin conductance there are specific
Peaks a couple of seconds after you were
faced with probably a scowling face
would be my guess really yeah it's it
was a change in your gut feelings
basically when you're in a pleasant
state you think someone with a neutral
face is more trustworthy and when you're
an unpleasant State these are beautiful
results from a scientific standpoint
from you know from my standpoint when
I'm with Shelby believes you know as a
scientist I love results like this as a
human person I find them horrifying yeah
how does ask guessing or misleading
people how does that play out in a
sexual encounter if your desire is to
have sex with someone you are more
likely to interpret to perceive actions
as signaling intent isn't it dangerous
to excuse bad behavior because I think
that this is just the way that our
brains work I want to be really clear
I'm not talking about sexual harassment
or rape we are talking about
misunderstandings that happen between
two adults who are capable of giving
their consent to say that one person
could believe that they had been given
consent and another person believes that
they really never gave it and it really
is possible for both of those things to
be true even when everybody has the best
intentions so it's the solution to have
constant verbal consent it could be the
difference between a really great
experience and a really horrible
experience communication is key but how
do we handle the countless situations
where miscommunication has caused harm I
am living with my traumas every single
day in every single moment um I cannot
imagine for a second that any of the
people that have hurt me
struggle with that or deal with that or
move through the world any differently
because of that if there was a way for
them to apologize to the people directly
to the people that they hurt what I feel
more calm about it what I feel healed by
having that done I I don't know and I
but I think for some people absolutely I
would like to sit down with the person
who hurt me and have that conversation
if I had the opportunity to do so I
would take it if I think about reaching
out to the people that I've personally
been in these situations with it's just
incredibly awkward and uncomfortable
conversations to have so I'm really
curious to know how people are actually
able to instigate these conversations
and what they look like in reality we
met a woman named Alexis and a man we've
agreed to call James they're embracing a
simple yet radical idea talking out
their sexual encounter face-to-face so
about 10 years ago James and Alexis were
at college together and they wound up
having sex
that isn't event that James put down to
being a drunken encounter but both of
them responsible for is what he's
believed for the last nine and a half
years or so and which Alexis puts down
to being rape as we get into this I'd
like to remind you about what
restorative justice is leading that
conversation professor Alyssa a
camenisch
an advocate for a method called
restorative justice alexis reached out
to me about nine months ago asking for
somebody to facilitate a restorative
justice process for her what is
restorative justice so sort of justice
focuses on the harm that is caused not a
particular statute violation these types
of cases involve everyday people who
really don't understand
the depths of the harm that they've
caused by going through this restorative
justice allowing perpetrators to have a
voice in all this
are we not excusing them so I actually
think that this holds them more
accountable than the criminal justice
process does the fact of the matter is
that for every thousand rapes committed
in this country only six people will go
to prison this offers an opportunity for
survivors to get what they actually say
that they need which is a voice some
validation and the ability to tell their
story in a place that they're safe
Alexis reached out to Alissa for help
nearly a year ago at James's request
we've agreed to obscure both of their
faces you were the one that initiated
this restorative justice process why and
how did you go about doing that yeah I
think it was just a last-ditch effort
like I've done every kind of therapy and
thought every kind of thought and it
still just wasn't doing it and I don't
know it's just like it and he had
like the missing piece of this puzzle
and that was just what I needed you know
to not have it hurt the same way do you
have that email that you first sent to
him I do yeah so I wrote I wonder if
you're forced to think about it every
day like I am I wonder if you know how
it feels trying to stop crying on the
way to work when Weinstein and Hales and
Brock Turner just keep weighing I wonder
if you know about the years of therapy
in a decade of panic attacks or when the
doctors told me I'd probably be managing
a PTSD for the rest of my life I wonder
if you know what it feels like when your
body takes over and when it contorts
into panic and you lose control of your
breath but your brain can't override the
system I never get to forget because
even when I do my body remembers
I wonder if you know what happened back
then that I dropped out of school that I
fled from everything I knew that I had
now come din distrust and then finally I
attempted suicide but probably the worst
part of all of it is that I wonder if
you know that it's in your power to put
a stop to this for me it's always been
in your power you could still say you're
sorry today you can fix this at any
moment we could sit down and figure out
how to heal together I can never change
what happened but you can start to
repair the damage any day you want on
the receiving side of that email James
who at one time considered Alexis one of
his best friends he asked us to alter
his real voice Alexis reached out to you
a few months ago how did you feel when
you receive an email it completely
stopped me in my tracks I mean I was
walking down the street and I I stood
there and read it over and over again
her being so honest really brought me
the table and made me realize that I
need to deal with this this is you know
I owe it to this person my friends and
family cautioned me against speaking
with Alexis or being honest with her or
even communicating with her but I care a
lot about this process and I care a lot
about Alexis so ultimately you know
that's that's why I'm here
I think in terms of basic details I
remember that we had been drinking a lot
and someone I can't remember exactly who
or how they were brought there but we
had pot brownies I remember you know you
went to your room I went to my room but
I was so passed out at this point and I
just remember these flashes of a face
above me but it didn't make sense and
and then there was like little things
like I remember finding underwear in my
room and I told myself it was a dream
and and the things I thought I had seen
and imagined just couldn't be real like
really not not wanting to face the next
level of this line of questioning
there's a lot that I don't remember how
I got into your room
why I came into your room what happened
any of those details the first memories
I have are of me being on top of you in
your bed and that experience I was able
to normalize it because I
she want to be careful of the words I
use but you were active in the process
in the sense that you weren't
unconscious and so for that image in
that memory of that portion of it was
what allowed me to call it sex for nine
years when it had been established kind
of through our friends that you felt
this was rape and that I had felt this
was her drunken sexual experience and I
wasn't ready to have that conversation
with myself I was a good person I how
could I possibly do that to you to one
of my best friends and that opinion was
validated by you no friends of mine
it became the default was to believe you
and I became this source of problem in
our community the source of like a
incongruity no one no one could imagine
you I didn't want to see you like this
no one could imagine you like this and
it was easier to dismiss it and so by
default everyone believed you and you
didn't have to do anything or change
anything and you got to keep everything
the way it was and I had to leave
everything and leave everybody one of my
biggest regrets throughout all this is
in addition to you know hurting you that
night and causing that trauma I had ten
years of opportunities to write that and
all right hi
I discarded you in this process
and thank you for saying that
this whole interaction is pretty
incredible to watch
I mean it's so long and emotional and
painfully honest and human I mean these
guys are just sitting with having a very
simple conversation and it's incredibly
difficult conversation to have and yet
if there's so much humanity and somehow
understanding and forgiveness then I
realized that we haven't called it what
it is maybe we should be calling it what
it is I wonder if you can do that for
the longest time I I didn't see it as I
see it now I mean to answer your
question yeah was it was rape that's not
easy to say both because I know what
it's done to you and I know there's a
you know flash of fear every time I
associate with it at that point in time
there was just two words for this there
was just victim and rapist and I don't
think either of us wanted to be either
of those things I didn't think you were
a bad person I thought you had done a
bad thing Alexis for you the decision to
do this was an easy one but when you
were asked to do it in shadow that was
very very hard for you yeah it was
really difficult if my healing process
is one of embodying even the worst
things that have happened to me and
embodying who I have become since then
and what I have become
this was like a step in the opposite
direction but we're not really moving
the needle at all until men start doing
it and your words have the potential to
reach any other man and show that
there's a path to taking responsibility
this feels better it to appreciate the
fact that we all have the capacity to
harm and we all have the capacity to be
harmed restorative justice isn't a
solution for everyone for some
confronting an assailant does not equal
justice for others admitting to actions
that could have real criminal
consequences is out of the question but
at least for Alexis and James it is
providing the beginning of a way forward
and as disturbing and transformative as
the last year of frenzied media coverage
has been what so many of us want is an
opportunity to redefine our culture even
if we can't change the past
maybe then we won't have to repeat it
