twice a year
Jennifer Daniels makes the rounds to the
gun stores near her home in western
Colorado and then this is a great thing
you can add to your training yes she's a
volunteer with the gun shop project
which recruits gun dealers to help
tackle the state's high suicide rates
okay I'm gonna collect these with the
other ones I make sure they all get out
from the right places what are you
trying to achieve from these
conversations today to gain more
awareness so I'm hoping that this these
materials this project will prompt a
conversation for somebody looking to
purchase a gun that they maybe have
convinced themselves that they want for
protection I really they want to use it
to kill themselves programs like the gun
shop project are now in 20 states I
brought you more lifeline cards they're
part of a shift by suicide prevention
groups to a more pragmatic approach to
gun based suicide this is what the new
posters look like their materials talk
about the warning signs of depression
and safety measures like gun locks and
temporary off-site storage but they say
nothing about getting rid of guns
altogether and some of them come from an
unlikely ally the gun industry through
its trade group the National Shooting
Sports Foundation the truth is suicide
and guns are hard to separate more than
half of all suicides are by firearm and
suicide rates are consistently highest
in states with the highest availability
of guns that's why a lot of suicide
prevention workers have focused on gun
control as the best way to reduce
suicides but the gun shop project is
betting on something else that it's more
effective to work with the gun community
than against it
Susan Becker helps monitor the project
in Colorado what would happen in Mesa
County if suicide prevention and gun
control were the same conversation we
wouldn't get anywhere we wouldn't be
having the conversation is that
uncomfortable for some people in the
suicide prevention community um I don't
know it was it's occasionally
uncomfortable for me how come um because
part of my brain says you know if we did
what Scotland did and got rid of
we wouldn't have this problem I'm also a
realist more than anything else and
that's not a practical point of view
it's too early to say if the practical
approach works so far outreach projects
like the one in Colorado only measure
how many stores they're in nationwide is
about 8,000 you're doing good really
good by having this stuff here and just
being aware so thank you
that means counting partners like
Jerry's Damon has a win you never know
it only takes one and I have had some
people that have come in years ago they
bought a gun went home and unfortunately
took their life so yeah do you worry
about that though that somebody might
buy a firearm here and use it to kill
themselves do I worry about it yeah not
very much I mean I have 2,500 guns in
here right now
they just don't jump up off the shelf
and start randomly going by schools and
shooting people when somebody settles in
their mind that they want to take their
life I mean your experts will tell you
they can talk and talk and talk but if
they've settled it in their mind it may
take them five years but they'll do it
they also say though that if you have a
gun around it's easier and it might be
more likely that you do it on a whim
rather than it could be that could be I
don't know that those figures but we can
take all the guns out of our society ban
everything and take them all the way
you're still not going to stop suicide
and you're not going to stop crime
you're not gonna stop violence ain't
gonna happen so
you
