tonight we've got dates obverse and
social security numbers and so if you're
a hacker sure you'd love to get that the
Yucca Mountain will be safe for this
type of storage for a million years is
it it all weird you that China has a
show about rat before say the state says
I think if anything China needs a show
like this a French Court has ordered the
leader of the far-right party formerly
known as the National Front to undergo a
psychiatric exam marine lepen posted the
courts request on Twitter calling it
sheer madness
she's under formal investigation for
posting photos of Islamic state
executions on Twitter in 2015 the pen
says she doesn't plan to take the test
Arizona says it's planning to revoke the
licenses of 13 shelters for migrant
children operated by Southwest key
because the company failed to show that
its employees passed background checks a
letter from the state criticized
Southwest key not only for missing its
deadline to provide information but for
later supplying a mess of documents that
officials said was incomprehensible
Southwest Kia apologized saying it's
quote serious about ensuring that never
happens again
Catholic Bishops in the US are taking
the first steps to salvage a public
image badly damaged by child sexual
abuse allegations the church's new
policies include drafting a code of
conduct for bishops setting up a third
party operated hotline for people to
report misconduct confidentially and
developing policies to restrict the
activities of bishops who've been
accused a shooting at a Rite Aid
distribution center north of Baltimore
that killed three people in the attacker
means there's been a mass shooting in
the US every day this week on Monday in
Silver Spring Maryland on Tuesday in
Tennessee in Louisiana and on Wednesday
in Illinois Pennsylvania and Wisconsin
Washington may seem to be in suspended
animation while waiting for the next
development in the Brett Kavanaugh saga
but president Trump at least is pushing
ahead trunk set up his trade war with
China this week announcing 10% tariffs
on two hundred billion dollars worth of
Chinese goods those tariffs will rise to
25 percent on January 1st if China
retaliates and those are on top of the
tariffs he's already put in place on
things like steel aluminum and washing
machines Trump's tariffs have been
criticized by big business congressional
Republicans consumer groups and most
professional economists but Trump
insists his tariffs are part of a master
plan for revitalizing American business
unfortunately neither he nor his
administration can really explain how
that's gonna happen on Monday Trump
defended his tariffs and tried to
explain him kind of China is now paying
us billions of dollars and we will see
how that all works out but a tariff is a
tax on imports that's paid for by the
company that's doing the importing not
by the country that makes the products
so if an American retailer buys 10
million dollars in Chinese made couches
it has to pay our government a million
dollars China pays us nothing even
stranger with Secretary of Commerce
Wilbur Ross's appearance on CNBC Tuesday
because it spread over thousands and
thousands of products nobody is gonna
actually notice it at the end of the day
the clear implication here is that since
tariffs are being imposed on so many
products any individual price hike would
be so small that no one would care this
isn't actually true at all the new
tariffs are a flat 10% hike on the
import price of products so with more
expensive products like air conditioners
or computers they'll translate into
substantial and quite noticeable price
hikes for example Trump's tariffs on
washing machines sent the price of those
up to 50 to 70 bucks
fact the whole point of trumps tariffs
is to make products made in China more
expensive that's supposed to make
American products more competitive in
terms of price and encourage companies
to build stuff here rather than abroad
if tariffs don't raise prices noticeably
they can't work I called up Austan
Goolsbee today to talk to him about
Trump's tariff sales pitch he was chief
economist for President Obama and he's
not really a fan of Trump's trade
protectionism but he is in favor of
pushing China around on trade he said
this White House is trying to hide the
downsides of their efforts to do that
they know that if people see the prices
of things publicly going up they're
gonna be very upset they recognize all
geez we better not apply this to stuff
that people actually buy what I'm
nervous about now is we are stumbling
our way forward and potentially into a
trade war without a very good strategy
Trump can admit this no because he's
pretending his tariffs will be painless
for American consumers unlike his
Chinese counterparts Trump is vulnerable
to things like political pressure has to
worry about stuff like public opinion
the congressional support so we starting
a trade war without being honest about
how much it'll cost or how he plans to
win it
how are you the staff member steak all
right well I am the elections director
yeah big shoes making shoes the people
sitting in this cramped hotel conference
room playing pretend are real Colorado
election officials preparing for the
actual upcoming election the intent is
for this to be the Armageddon of
election day or to be a lot of things
that'll happen the things that are gonna
happen our problems the people in the
yellow vests are the ones who announced
them we're doing a rare joint live
broadcast so this guy is playing a CNN
reporter who's found a hack on Twitter
like to speak to the County Clerk of
County 3 about her tweet saying
libertarians should not be allowed to
vote my Twitter wouldn't of been hacked
I wouldn't never use the password
password really not it shouldn't talk to
to the PIO it's purposely chaotic talk
to them about that we tell them we're
we're investigating prohibited from if
you're registered to vote you will vote
the table in the center is the election
control hub the Secretary of State's
office the four tables surrounding it
are counties and the four smaller tables
on the outside are the voter service and
polling centers that's where people vote
that system have a vulnerability that
our system has or does not have I think
have they identified how they got
through and then there's our do we have
that same vulnerability or do we not
today Matt cranes playing the Colorado
Secretary of State in real life he's the
county clerk in chief election officer
for Arapahoe County
Colorado's biggest had you dealt with
any of the problems that you dealt with
today before yes you know whether it was
problems at vote centers with power
outages or somebody puts on social media
that there's a long line at this
location or you're trying to
disenfranchise you know a certain
demographic even before this exercise
Colorado Wisconsin
one of the safest places in the nation
to cast a ballot the state keeps a paper
trail of its votes and allows anyone who
wants to to vote by mail which
alleviates some of the election day
pressure on officials but after Russia
interfered in the 2016 elections just
about every state in the nation realized
that the threat to the vote was bigger
than just long lines that foreign
malicious actors could be trying to hack
into their systems those attempts are
made in a daily basis our system gets
scanned we've got dates submersed and
Social Security numbers and so if you're
a hacker sure you'd love to get that and
it's our job to try to make sure that
information is protected and secure and
you feel that you're there I feel that
we are there at this moment but we need
to continue to improve we are constantly
having to address issues that may not
have existed a few years before some of
the issues they deal with during the
simulation are common like concerns over
racial discrimination at the polls most
of them appear to be from from our
investigation voters with Hispanic
surnames who've always voted by mail in
the past and claim that they have not
received their mail ballot if they did
not receive a good thing they have until
7 p.m. today to go to one of our voter
service and polling centers we have an
interactive map that they're able to use
to find the one that's closest to them
and they're able still to vote others
are more complicated like when the
state's voter information database was
leaked you guys you just got noticed
Comanche and he reports to you that they
got a report that the score database has
been posted on the dark web that's a
problem I'm wondering if I've worked
well to lie to the media and just tell
them that the database no no never
never lock no we have to verify that the
data actually been compromised if it
hasn't been we're fine if it has been
then that's when we need to kick in with
DHS a lot of these issues officials
can't do anything to prevent the one
thing they can try to do is control the
message because whether people show up
in boat has a lot to do with whether
they have faith in the system and that
means the message is really what matters
what the Russians were really after is
to shake you know our citizens faith and
our foundations and the ability to vote
so we've really taken that on to try to
go and re-establish you know people's
faith in the voting process and we try
to get rid of any locks to access that
we can so that you know people can get
in and out and vote as quickly and
easily as possible on Sunday India's
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is rolling
out the world's largest
government-funded health care program
which could help half a billion people
it's popular name Modi care
medical bills push more than a hundred
million Indians into poverty every year
which the new insurance plan is trying
to prevent right now Indians pay 64
percent of their medical costs out of
pocket six times the percentage
Americans pay so Modi care promises to
insure the poorest 100 million families
up to $7,500 a year though that may not
sound like a lot it's huge in a country
where the average person annually earns
just 1820 dollars the plan would also
make it easier to get care by opening a
hundred and fifty thousand wellness
centers to offer free checkups and
essential drugs and for more specialized
medicine each of India's 29 states would
get at least one government medical
college there's no question that this is
ambitious but there are lots of
questions about how to pay for it
officials estimate that the insurance
alone without counting the wellness
centers could cost the federal
government 1.7 billion dollars but the
country doesn't have a great track
record at keeping government healthcare
financially viable each year since Modi
took office in 2014 existing plans paid
out more than they took in so 1.7
billion might not actually be enough to
cover the new plan and that's just the
financial challenge right now two-thirds
of Indians live in rural areas where
health centers are understaffed 1/4 of
primary care jobs in almost 2/3 of
positions for specialists like
pediatricians surgeons physicians and
OBGYNs are empty filling those jobs is
tricky because most of India's doctors
prefer living in wealthier urban centers
the countryside just isn't developed
enough to attract them so Modi is faced
with a chicken-and-egg problem he's got
to boost economic development to get his
healthcare plan off the ground but he
can't boost economic development if he
doesn't tackle healthcare costs first
since the beginning of the Atomic Age
America has relied on nuclear power for
a huge share of its energy but every
year the sector generates more than
2,000 tons of radioactive waste this
week the country's oldest nuclear plant
in Lacey New Jersey closed after 49
years and there's no where permanent to
put the waste that's been stored there
around the country spent fuel is piled
up in more than 80 locations just
waiting the problem is that nuclear
waste is dangerous for at least 10,000
years long after most containers and
facilities built to house it have fallen
apart Republican congressman john
Shimkus has radioactive waste all over
lands backyard his home state Illinois
has more of it than any other state ray
Parris and stage said generate
electricity had been paying into a fund
to solve this problem and we haven't
solved the problem and we've taken their
money I think they'd be very angry
what's the problem with having these
things here and just replacing them when
they go past their usefulness well you
won't replace them if they stay here
they'll stay here forever and the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission says these
are safe but it's only safe for about 40
or 50 years versus what the law of the
land says find a permanent repository if
completed Yucca Mountain will be safe
for this type of storage for a million
years
Yucca Mountain 100 miles from Las Vegas
in the Nevada desert was chosen by the
Department of Energy in 1987 as the
country's safe deposit for nuclear waste
but 30 years later it's nowhere close to
completion this is the classic not in my
backyard syndrome this issue has been in
Congress for about 20 years now we would
hope that the repository in Nevada will
be opened by 2010 under pressure from
powerful former Nevada Senator Harry
Reid Obama cut off funding for the
project in 2010
the change of administration reignited a
debate in Maine Shimkus LED the passage
of a bill through the house that would
restart the process of opening Yucca
Mountain and took a delegation on a tour
of the site but not a single Nevada
representative showed up simcha swatted
his colleagues to support a 268 million
dollar budget allocation for the project
and helped him push the bill over to the
Senate
at a photo op after the tour they seem
convinced when you come out and see
something firsthand you see something
your colleagues haven't it is our job to
go back to nature we have problems with
storing nuclear spent fuel all over the
country and it's not safe where it is it
is time to move forward in America to
resolve this problem but funding for
Yucca Mountain was cut from the Senate
approved September spending package
the reason the senator from Nevada
Republican being held ice drop another
Nevada senator with serious skin in the
game as long as I'm in the Senate Yucca
Mountain is dead
it's simple is that we're just
protecting the short-term political
interests of a senator who says and the
next senator from Nevada is gonna put
the pressure on the next majority leader
of the Senate to say no Heller could
lose his seat in November potentially
turning the Senate blue and that's a
more immediate threat to the Republican
Party than radioactive waste they're
trying to block the money to have the
final scientific argument of whether
it's safe or whether it's not I'm
willing to have that argument the state
of Nevada is not willing to have that
argument when it was Obama and Reid I
could do some righteous anger partisan
wise right but now it's McConnell and
Paul Ryan I have to be consistent
righteous anger against them for not
complying with the law
hip-hop has been a global phenomenon for
decades but it's hard for a John rebase
on confirming authority to grow in a
country where the government actively
senses the media so in China
hip hop's never really gone beyond an
underground subculture that all changed
last year with the new TV show called
the rap of China a reality TV show
that's kind of like American Idol with
all rap and in Chinese the show got
three billion views on IgE which is a
little like Netflix in the Chinese
market everyone from hardcore fans to
complete rat newcomers were tuned in but
just months after the first season ended
things went south one of the winners of
the show was accused of having an affair
with the married actress they both
denied it then he was criticized for
glorifying sex and drugs in his lyrics
he quickly apologized and blamed his
vulgar lyrics on the influence of black
music but the damage was done and in
January the Chinese government banned
hip-hop culture period from being shown
on TV
but this year the rap of China is
somehow back on the air they've expanded
and they even did auditions in Los
Angeles the show has a new title in
Chinese but everything else is the same
including the logos most of the judges
stand the format of the show
IgE seems to have been granted an
exception to the government hip-hop fan
but it's not really clear how Chung way
is the CEO of IgE and the head seducer
of the rap of China how are you able to
make a rap show if raps banned in China
she ha et cetera male patient refers Oh
American agency Ebola some work to
achieve Quan Yin Tong G so a teacher
called amici she R - E - E food - a
shaker - uhm you're putting English
actor short on how she have a
one-night-only how Tom what title made
here John Petrucci image ago where your
plan the hope to build an entertainment
Empire on top of a John Woo that's
technically band IgG is doing whatever
they can to keep the government happy so
if a contestant has a tattoo they make
them cover it up on stage and this
season all the lyrics seem to be really
positive and patriotic
most of the contestants grew up in China
so they're used to dealing with
government restrictions but even
American rappers like Al Rocco who moved
to China hoping to jumpstart his career
are pretty careful about what they say
in interviews do you find yourself
having to tone yourself down a little
bit
I wouldn't say tone myself down more
like I guess to adjust to the culture
here compared to the West you know I'm
saying and the West is so free you know
I'm in here it's kind of like I guess
it's more controlled and in a good way
though you know I'm saying
I saw like kind of educate the people
because honestly hip-hop in China is so
young people don't really understand
what hip-hop is you know for me what
hip-hop is to better yourself to
understand yourself and to keep it real
a lot of the underground rap scene in
China thinks the stuff that appears on
the show is way too sanitized some
rappers have even refused to be on the
show but the rap of China isn't going
for the underground they're going for
mainstream audiences and if you want to
get in front of those mainstream
audiences you have to play by the rules
it's hard okay you know no move atrium
so sugarless aren't a go-to song you
have a little protons in a coma now
arauco ended up getting eliminated in
one of the final rounds mostly because
he's not good at rapping in Chinese the
judge who made that decision is Chris
wound one of the biggest pop stars in
Asia he's a Chinese Canadian who also
moved to China for his career so he
knows how hard the Chinese market can be
this show is called rapid China so we're
looking for rappers that can rap in
Chinese and for them as kind of is
really hard because Chinese is not their
first language
Rock oh yeah for our rock is legit just
because of the Chinese barrier that
honestly that's that's a big factor is
it it all weird to you that China has a
show about rap before say the state says
I think I think if anything China needs
a show like this in the States I feel
like there's so many different platforms
in even if he's just putting stuff on
soundcloud you can throw what right but
how here is like there's we know outlet
for the Assizes show
have you seen injuries as bad as this
before every day every family working
I've seen something like this definitely
after the Olympic Games we are getting
more unsafe more and more more each year
was the last time the government control
they can burn camp with a partridge copa
del mundo pass aw come on Daria
Maura do is continue on and we honor
you
you
