hey I'm Georgia not I'm Caleb not and
we're birds song page is basically about
the highs and lows of being an erratic
emotional person changes very
drastically and the production kind of
follows that thing as well
we started with us like a little Casio
keyboard is k1 yes like a little kids
toy and you'll recognize it from other
songs I think well because it's pretty
it's pretty like and I kind of kind of
synth sound they most producers when
they hear like stop the beat is
differently signature Caleb just like
lots of is he brought that 100 Tom's and
just sit them all up in this this huge
obnoxious they're obnoxious bills yeah
yes step down the whole song like 3
semitones and then recorded it and then
pitched it up so it kind of sounds like
a six-year-old Georgia the piano I would
say it's kind of like a Robbie Williams
Debbie piano he just has a very specific
like piano tone and rhythm and the piano
that that's my thing I think I said Let
Me Entertain You
probably like down - down - down - down
- down
take your Eskimo
how mom and dad's taste is really
influence this this next Alvin these a
sense that we use in the post course
kind of like feels like when the roller
coaster starts and you're like whenever
we listen to the song I think we feel
all the things that we like want to feel
when we're listening to music it's got
the yelling and the bang bang Victor
it's hectic it's very erratic but you
know it's our way
