on August 1st police raided a mini-mart
in Chicago for allegedly selling
counterfeit sports Jersey Edom
audibility gays Gonzalez the snores
cashier was the only person there
although the Chicago Police Department
led the raid they brought along two ice
agents Emma is from Mexico but she's
lived in the US for 25 years she has
three american-born kids and no criminal
record her arrest was exactly the kind
of thing that's not supposed to happen
in a sanctuary city like Chicago do it
indeed and Don witnessed the raid from
the window of her office across the
street
she's a daca recipient who works at a
nonprofit that helps immigrants in the
neighborhood Pilsen community since I
got started and um since about the 70s
it's been primarily a Mexican immigrant
community so something like the raid
that happened at the mini mart what does
it mean for something like that to
happen in a neighborhood like this it's
something that's incredibly scary and so
like what's the difference between the
police and what's the difference between
ice and we've been working towards
trying to make that distinction very
clear and moments like these completely
haze it out why is it important in an
immigrant community like this for there
to be a division between the police and
ice so if I feel that calling the police
is going to lead to my deportation my
detention or my family's detention why
would I do that
officials in Chicago were outraged by a
demise arrest the police even put out a
statement saying they were quote not
happy about it
but what happened in the mini-mart was
not a mistake it was the result of a
loophole built into Chicago sanctuary
law and nearly every law like it in the
country
the typical sanctuary city like Chicago
forbids police from working with ice on
immigration enforcement but it doesn't
forbid them from collaborating on
criminal investigations that leaves the
door open for task forces that include
both police and a department of ice
called Homeland Security Investigations
which deals with transnational crimes
crimes like selling counterfeit goods
that's what got the mini-mart in Chicago
in trouble and the cases pending against
the store's owner now Democratic
officials are taking a harder look at
this loophole
alderman Daniel Solis is one of the
biggest champions of sanctuary in
Chicago he helped push the law through
the City Council and is now part of a
team that makes sure undocumented people
have access to city services the
mini-mart raid happened in his district
I didn't know that these task force
existed and we should have known that
but it turns out that Solis isn't
completely opposed to police working
with ice what can we do to prevent in my
opinion innocent people being this
quote/unquote collateral damage that
happened in this instance that's that's
the problem we have to solve
do you trust ice to make the distinction
between good people and bad people under
a different administration or previous
administration yes but we have the
administration we know there they've
been giving marching orders they've been
given the green light get these people
out does that mean that there should be
absolutely no cooperation between the
Chicago Police and ice I don't want it
on my head that we prevented the Chicago
police from cooperating with a task
force that is focused on finding
terrorists if a terrorism task force or
a gang task force includes ice it is
likely to pick up undocumented people
who just happen to be where they go
right mm-hmm that's just the case
under this administration so can such
tax task forces meet your your standard
I can't potentially jeopardize or
sacrifice the well-being of other people
other families within a community to say
we're gonna prioritize undocumented
individuals do you think it's misleading
to call Chicago a sanctuary City
well Chicago is a welcoming city that is
our ordinance but whether it's welcoming
city or sanctuary city I'm proud of what
we've got and I'm committed to fixing it
if there's a problem with it there's
nothing any City can do to keep ice off
its streets entirely but the fact that
police would actively work with ice in a
place like Chicago is enough to question
the city's right to call itself a
sanctuary there's really no city that
can be a sanctuary I wish we could stop
us from coming into our neighborhoods
and into our communities but we can't
but what we can do is make sure that the
city doesn't make it any easier
Edom as case is working its way through
the immigration courts meanwhile she's
sitting in a County Jail some 60 miles
north of Chicago
you
