tonight it doesn't mean some kind of
defeats sitting down ones had abandoned
I don't think we look at it that way I
don't look at it that way if judge
Kavanagh becomes justice Cavanaugh he's
given a pretty good indication of where
his position on the ECA is why are you
running for Senate in nine state the job
is the same job every state doesn't have
the same issues them during a briefing
with FEMA officials on preparations for
hurricane Florence President Trump
praised his administration's response to
Hurricane Maria which killed an
estimated 3,000 people a year ago I
think probably the hardest one we had by
far was Puerto Rico because of the
island nature the job that FEMA and law
enforcement and everybody did working
along with the governor in Puerto Rico I
think was tremendous I think the Puerto
Rico was an incredible unsung success
the border between Eritrea and Ethiopia
has reopened after 20 years thousands of
people including relatives who hadn't
seen each other in decades were able to
cross at checkpoints that had been
closed since a war broke out that left
more than 80,000 people dead Republican
senator Susan Collins accused
progressives of bribing her to vote
against Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh the Maine People's Alliance
and Mainers for accountable leadership
have crowd-sourced pledges of more than
a million dollars which they plan to
donate to whoever runs against her in
2020 unless she votes no on the judge if
you vote YES on Kavanagh you're voting
to kill me
Rush's started a week of war games in
the country's Far East with 300,000
troops and 36,000 Pink's making these
drills larger than any held during the
Cold War and for the first time troops
from China and Mongolia joined in
meanwhile and vadimus tong presidents
Putin and she met to show off their
increasingly close ties before the wars
before threat level advisories and socks
at airports before waterboarding and
black sites before the bin Laden raid
before all of it videographer mark
lehenga
ran into a burning building in lower
Manhattan his newly restored footage is
a reminder that an attack that changed
the century started with a few hours of
shell-shocked and confusion
going in there broke out
unless what
Oh
everybody down they finally went to the
boss thank you
I think you should leave everybody else
is gone
I'll just make sure that there's nobody
else coming downstairs
I hear the top of the building fell down
that ones
I'm outside
all right the dust despot this shadow
just taunted go slow
we had a report of a fireman trapped
over here in the northwest corner so I
want make sure that you got people over
to help dig it up
were you wait first floor
anybody's taught her some I had 40
people in there just explosion my whole
doorway to entrance in my office blew
open my office was freaking out and I
just tolling to calm down and get to the
center of the office
everybody was fine on my floor we just
started heading down the stairs I heard
people were trapped in the bathroom I
ran to the bathroom
it was just blowing out asked if anybody
was in there keep Waring in there so I
started going down the steps I heard
people shouting I stopped at like 68 and
it is a woman in a wheelchair and I got
her in the strap wheelchair and just
carried her down the steps and carried
her down
68 floors man
do you know where everybody's going
Georgette's defense walk defects
whose broad stripes and bright stars
just four weeks after the towers fell
the United States invaded Afghanistan 17
years later American troops are still
fighting and dying there earlier this
month a new American general took
control of the effort
ix change of command and the longest war
the United States has ever fought to the
Taliban I say you don't need to keep
killing your fellow Afghans it's time
for this war in Afghanistan to end but
how the war might actually end is still
anyone's guess the Trump administration
appears to be looking for a way to get
out and pinning its hopes on encouraging
peace talks between the two sides in
July a high-level State Department
official met with Taliban leaders at
their headquarters in Doha to encourage
them to come to the table according to
the militants at the moment though the
Taliban don't seem very interested in
peace four weeks ago fighters scored
their biggest victory in years over
running the city of Ghazni less than a
hundred miles from Kabul
farid Michelle is the police chief of
garden we traveled with him as he
returned to the city for the first time
since being promoted to general for
leading the fight to defend it she's
won't act it off just during the height
of the battle Michelle took to Facebook
taunting the Taliban and posing for
photos with bodies of their dead
fighters in the streets katana demands
included the eldest man brought the
number to the videos may be good PR but
losing Ghazni was a stunning setback for
the Afghan government it was taken by
just a thousand Taliban fighters who
roamed the streets for days Afghan
forces had to call in US air and ground
support to take the city back
how intense was to find him
you know we're part of a silicon Obrador
Michelle lost at least a hundred of his
men to the Taliban the college's overall
dear detective Bramhall grouse
commiserate the demo cheerio to us was
it there are four days in the world and
now dead bodies there this bodies there
yeah it's Hannah ban Taliban do you
think you'd have been able to push the
Taliban out without these these
international airstrikes supporting you
Jimmy needs work another video which I
will shift our is Tim a Muslim in the
Jang Moscow I stop quarreling Astaire
Sarah he was one that needs work una
dama de trois to me it took me Afghan
troops six days to push the Taliban
fighters answer the city
how far is the Taliban now the post
water would be that had to teach the
drought that he received the Russa see
that the shadows over to Lisa had what
can you do if there's a thousand Taliban
fighters approaching the city I mean is
that something that you were able to
defend against Jordan eg that the new
reveal a to sorboni endogenous allows to
you and nobody's a cheerleader she over
time novel courage for them like Tina
comes for the podium leader para body
yet to Tesoro Munna comers camel animal
again the rumors blah before leaving
they terrorize the city burning the main
market to the ground residents think
it's only a matter of time before
they'll be back believe us
nibble at most Rafael Impaler dollar in
Shoreham notch external antenna
Belafonte terrible facility Volusia
Jiang Meili's Lemoine will key the
mobile astonishes are mention we give
John Thomas
don't Orestes of it
even Malik the Afghan government doesn't
fully control the road between Ghazni in
the capital and traveling it requires a
massive heavily armed convoy
so we've just left Ghazni city and
outside the city itself the control that
the government forces have is pretty
minimal there's a lot of Taliban
activity there are a lot of fighters in
the area so we're in a 15 car convoy
these guys are feeling like they have
enough vehicles to fend off an ambush
but it's definitely pretty tense even in
the capital itself finances on the right
this year is on track to be the
deadliest for civilian casualties since
fighting began in 2001
the President himself was recently
targeted by a mortar attack on his
compound while he was making a speech
live on television they didn't hit the
palace of a two-bed
yes I must have been pretty scary days
earlier President Ghani had offered the
Taliban a ceasefire they didn't accept
it's been more than a year now since
President Trump announced his new
strategy for Afghanistan and do you
think it's working
yes for the first time the possibility
of peace is really attempt it's been 17
years of war now and the hundreds of
billions spent in the security situation
now is worse than it's ever been
absolutely I'm not responsible for the
first fourteen years the also
responsible need to answer for that
period from the day I've been elected as
president of Afghanistan my goal has
been a multi-dimensional process to make
sure that we own our problems we reduce
our reliance we become partners rather
than dependence what do you think the
government actually has to offer the
Taliban they don't like the conditions
that you're offering what what's the
stop them just waiting out the Americans
they sure is not waiting out the makers
can they reach out they're fun people
what's in it for the Taliban for the
Taliban legitimacy participation end of
violence but the Taliban refuses to talk
to the Afghan governments without first
discussing a timeline for US forces to
leave and while American commanders
unprepared for that yet they seem to
concede the negotiations on the end goal
I do think the overall strategy is
working they didn't meet clearly were in
a fight here almost all these conflicts
will never be solved militarily the
military aspect of it has to apply
pressure has to get people to the table
and ultimately it's a political solution
doesn't mean some kind of defeats
sitting down and it's how the ban and
making earth I don't think we look
I don't look at it that way I mean
that's that's what the object of the
strategy is it's to get to
reconciliation so reconciliation can
only be done by talking so you know
we've gotta get that the Taliban see it
differently we sat down with a commander
of a Taliban faction of 14 Ghazni he had
a clear message for Washington do you
think that the US making peace with the
Taliban means some kind of defeat for
the Americans see do your work away to a
moose weronika for the Swedish Harbor in
Monaco none this world of early you know
that ideal a para BIA in the mightiest
the outgoing US military commander here
has said that president Trump's strategy
in Afghanistan is working what's your
response
Odin or her gotta totally water depths
in saboteur services in order the
austerity regime Karnataka like a viable
strategy Joakim carnivore koala the
cattle today America even America
Capozzi ensue
who da Mujahideen okay no clue down in J
hidden in Arkham no clue in daddy and
Ricardo para in Poland were looted as a
beta switch the America a peony logged
wada Kapowski is the Taliban ready to
negotiate
mr lumic aburrá de Apodaca
muga america ánotá a neutron t and neuro
originally spoken stanky convulsion
Larry there to Lamar quoted October Adam
for Rhonda see Dilip an astronomer
Tatiana Boise northern an early whatís
on Sherman decay in AD Afghanistan
forgot essentially decree our needs are
more people
for more Darrow keep still early
the Affordable Care Act has already
survived nearly 70 congressional
attempts to repeal it and two Supreme
Court cases but now a judge in Texas
could be the one to finally strike it
down that's because last week oral
arguments were heard in a case brought
by Texas and nineteen republican-led
states they argue that when Trump got
rid of the mandate as the tax penalty
designed to force people to buy health
insurance the law itself became
unconstitutional and the entire
Affordable Care Act should be considered
dead the Trump administration is
technically the defendant in the case
the president hates Obamacare and his
Department of Justice told Congress it
wouldn't fully defend the law in court
so California's Attorney General's
stepped in along with Attorney General's
from 15 states and DC to defend it
instead but with more than 20 million
people getting insurance through the ACA
and Medicaid expansion and increasingly
conservative courts the case is being
closely watched
we spoke to Andy Slavitt the man who
used to run Medicaid and Medicare under
President Obama this is something people
should worry about but understand that
it's likely to be appealed and it's
likely to show up if it shows up in the
Supreme Court sometime in 2019 or 2020
we certainly know that if judge
Kavanaugh becomes justice Kavanaugh he's
had he's given a pretty good indication
of where his position on the ACA is and
I think you know one might argue that
that could have been a factor in his his
choosing and the court so what what does
the American health care system without
Obamacare look like I think it looks a
little bit like 2008 and a little bit
like 1964 in other words and the ability
to have to be discriminated against
because of our gender because of her
age because of a prior illness because
you're born with a birth defect those
things go away the safety net to make
sure that people who work hourly jobs
often 40 50 60 hours a week aren't
offered insurance can access health care
and not wait to get cancer before they
go into the doctor all those things
would be at risk if the court challenge
succeeds a lot of people could feel an
impact immediately including the 133
million Americans with pre-existing
conditions who right now can't be
excluded from getting insurance people
like Jeff genes when I was diagnosed
with throat cancer we didn't have
insurance and if it weren't for the
Affordable Care Act I would have been
cremated in April of 2012 before I was
diagnosed with cancer I was a extremely
right-wing hardcore conservative
Republican and then my cancer changed me
and my political views was one of the
things that they ended up changing not
all Republicans are cool with Texas is
attempt to gut the ACA especially so
close to the midterms because health
care is a huge issue for voters three
out of four Americans regardless of
party affiliation say they want to keep
pre-existing conditions covered
that's why Republican senators like
North Carolina's Thom Tillis are already
doing pre-emptive damage control he
proposed a bill last month backed by
nine other Republicans that attempts to
enshrine protections for people with
pre-existing conditions is a viable
approach for states to try and actually
enshrine some of the protections that
the Affordable Care Act actually offered
will that be of any help if it's struck
down entirely by a judgement I think
that's happening but I think what
happens is you could have a real greater
and greater dichotomy I think we have
plenty of states that have plenty of
their own ideas but there ought to be a
basic floor and a basic set of
guardrails which say everybody should
have the right to have an affordable
health care nobody should have to be
good and reading the fine print as
insurance companies aren't writing it
I'm rocky della pointed and I want to be
your NYX United States Senator for the
great state of Rhode Island
rocky de la Fuente is a millionaire
businessman when I come into police
department and I'm running for United
States Senator in Delaware della Flint
day is run for the Republican nomination
for Senate in nine states overall
including here in Florida he lives in
California so obviously he ran there he
likes to vacation in Wyoming Hawaii
Minnesota and Washington made it easy to
get on the ballot and Delaware Vermont
and Rhode Island are all small so in
theory easier to win but after six
months of campaigning
he's lost everyone except Rhode Island
which votes tomorrow he'll probably lose
there to Mozilla pasen pasen pasen Lee
Baca simplicity column and okay down
stuff Donnelly this is totally legal
the Constitution only requires that
senators quote when elected be an
inhabitant of that state for which he
shall be chosen so in most states it
only takes a few hundred signatures and
some cash in some states aside from the
signatures it's free de la fuente made
his millions in everything from banking
to car sales to real estate so money is
no object no vamos a ganar election
election no lay in elite amudha gana
parinirvana why are you running for
Senate in nine states the job is the
same job either if you do it for
Washington State or you do it for
Florida or you do it or you do it from
New York or you do it for Vermont every
state doesn't have the same issues
though well you need to understand for
US Senate what can you do as a u.s.
senator and whatever the issue happens
to be is how do you negotiate
so working in La Puente so conductor
tonello Korean encountered a Bigfoot
Kirino Kamala Dino rocky doesn't
actually care what state he represents
you have to do your civic duty I am Bob
Ronnie in New York in Florida he even
ends up campaigning for a state where
he's not currently running all just to
raise his profile I'm running for Senate
I was able to qualify nine states yeah I
don't expect to win any of the races I
just want to do it as a so people get to
know me dela Fuente didn't really take
the Florida primary seriously he didn't
spend much more than the ten thousand
four hundred and forty dollars it took
to register for the ballot is honest she
had the warning they see they mean so
even though he fell short of his goal to
win a quarter of a million votes he
still thinks it was a good investment
was one hundred and eighty one thousand
votes worth it yeah I mean if you want
to put a value to a business I invested
ten thousand four hundred and forty
dollars did absolutely nothing and I
show you that I have a mo diem of
support yeah I want to get about over
two hundred thousand votes and that's
basically less than five cents in Rhode
Island seems like an even better
investment than Florida dela Fuente is
spending $100,000 on this race my last
taste to run this Rhode Island which I
believe is where I have the best
opportunity I predict about twenty
thousand people to show up and whoever
can get ten thousand five hundred will
win only this ultra low meaning Anika
Aquino standing by the end of Acapulco
it's the week before the primary and
this is only his third time visiting the
state ever
Papa doesn't but dela Fuente is not
daunted by a loss or 9 in 2020 he'll run
for something he might even run for
everything we do represent it again in
2020 if I'm already a senator I would
not be running for Senate
you're gonna run for president or Senate
in 2020 it's all the dreams about
possibilities really it's any of it
all right as a matter of fact you know
what my goal would be if I decided to
run for Senate to qualify in the 33
states why not just focus all your
resources on a small state where you
think you can win like Rhode Island I
did not know when I came up with this
concept who was gonna run in which state
in which state was gonna open the
opportunities so at the end of the day
it's about keeping your options open to
see where you can win if you're not yeah
I'm just saying you're not married is
that correct yes okay that's correct so
are you keeping your options open
yeah the marriage is a little bit
different than representing a state in
the US Senate well I actually think
marriage is more complicated
you
you
