tonight we haven't had a raise in 10
years no like who here was or this can
be happening again god help us please
hey Siri why are you so far behind their
competitors wha Tomales fuego volcano
has erupted killing at least 62 people
and forcing the evacuation of more than
3000 as ashen mud blanket villages the
country's disaster agency says many are
still unaccounted for and the death toll
is expected to rise epa administrator
scott pruett scheduling director told US
congressional committee last month that
Pruitt had her booked personal travel
for him asked her to help him find
housing and asked her to get an old
mattress for him from the Trump Hotel in
a letter today two Democrats on the
House Oversight Committee asked the
Chairman to subpoena all documents
related to what they say is Pruitt's
abuse of authority Microsoft is buying
github the world's largest platform for
open source code for 7.5 billion dollars
in stock Microsoft used to hate open
source and once alleged open source
software violated hundreds of its
patents but now Microsoft is the largest
contributor of code to github Saudi
Arabia has issued its first 10 driver's
licenses to women just a few weeks
before the country lifts its nationwide
ban on women driving and two weeks after
women who campaigned to lift a ban in
the first place were arrested
President Trump claimed he is the
absolute right to pardon himself after
his attorney Rudy Giuliani suggested
that a self pardon would theoretically
be possible but the Republican in charge
of the Senate Judiciary Committee
doesn't agree i were president in those
days and i had a lawyer that told me i
could pardon himself i think i'd hire a
new lawyer
teachers across the country have been
walking out of classrooms demanding
better wages and more school funding
okay now as teachers in Oklahoma
countdown to the last week of school
many have decided to walk out again this
time for good when I first started
teaching it was I I mean I call it the
Golden Age of teaching I had such high
expectations I was one of those teachers
I wanted to save the world
if you skip forward to this last year
that I spent in the classroom we
virtually have no money to spend
whatsoever I mean it's impossible to
teach art on a zero dollar budget as a
teacher you're pressured all the time to
have your kids ready for college or
ready for their future career it's
really difficult for them to be
successful with all the barriers that
are being put into place
we've been years without proper funding
in our state and it shows bathrooms with
no doors leaky roofs chairs that are
falling apart old textbooks it's gotten
worse and that you're not just cutting
the extra stuff you're starting to cut
the critical things that you need to
actually function as a school we're
expected to do more and more for less
larger class sizes class sizes classroom
sizes class sizes class sizes class
sizes I don't know of any other position
that
you're you're expected to take on almost
four times the workload with no
additional compensation and it makes it
quite difficult almost everyone I know
has a second job or a second way to
bring an income I had a job working at a
Sears that worked on the weekends it was
two 12-hour days that's 24 hours in the
tool Department but then after school I
would do janitor work on five days a
week and I'd do that in the mean time my
wife who was also a teacher was working
at Bath & Body Works in the mall so we
were together we had five jobs I worked
at the loft a bike shop host mates
bartender grocery stores you get tired
of not having a wife at all it's pretty
sad you kind of feel like really
undervalued and underappreciated and
then we reached this breaking point to
me it was a breaking point of this year
with the walk out the walk out the walk
out with the walk out the walk out
started as a grassroots effort the
culmination of years of frustration on
the part of teachers and in terms of the
legislature not funding our schools not
respecting our teachers enough to well
we haven't had a raise in ten years we
get paid monthly and it has gone up less
than $300 total in 16 years that's
pretty unheard of in any profession we
set our demands we wanted a ten thousand
dollar teacher raise over three years we
wanted a five thousand dollar raise for
support staff over three years and we
wanted funding restored to our
classrooms on a permanent basis not year
to year it's all of the teachers in our
district we're a part of it in one way
or another it was like the super hopeful
environment like we were all down there
we were all together working for the
same thing
the atmosphere was good we felt like we
had a lot of support the legislature
basically laughed in our faces probably
the thing that bothered me most about
what the legislators had said one
representative we talked to when we
asked him point blank if he supported
public education refused to answer that
question when the number one employer in
his area was public education
that was the most offensive one as the
walkout continued it sort of felt like
all that hope was just drained away they
repealed some of the money that they had
passed for education right before the
walkout happened and when we got to the
last day of the walkout and the Oklahoma
Education Association said we were going
back to the classroom hearts were just
broken it was very heartbreaking to see
that I couldn't believe that we were
going to walk away not only without
getting what we wanted but with even
less than we started with
I thought that you know with the raise
and the money going to education that I
could I don't need a lot of extra money
I just need you know enough to work one
job and I thought that was gonna be my
out and I would I would be able to stay
I didn't officially decide to resign
until after the walkout ultimately I had
to make a choice so I need to go I just
need to get out feels like it's the end
of the road I couldn't do it anymore
there's no other way to say it I just I
just couldn't do it anymore
I'm leaving the classroom because I
believe that it's what's best for my
family the kind of teaching that I am
passionate about
is not there anymore feel like I've done
the best I can do with what I have to
work with and I don't like to settle for
average my new job is actually my
part-time jobs that offered me a
full-time position and I will be doing
title work bird buying or closing on
houses and and I will only have to work
one job I'm going to work for an
international organization that supports
music education I have been offered a
job in Abu Dhabi at a private school
teaching ninth and tenth grade English
in lecture I will be working on oil and
gas projects I will have vacation and
it's just a normal corporate job next
year I will be working as a program
manager for a literacy nonprofit I have
decided to move into a federal agency
that is on the ground helping folks who
are in great deal of need what I'll be
doing is assembling natural gas
compressors I'm working with an
insurance company selling life insurance
long-term care I am leaving this school
year to move to China because I feel
more valued as an educator and I'll make
three times the money that I make in the
state of Oklahoma packing up my
classroom telling my kids goodbye
explaining to parents that I'm moving on
encouraging my fellow co-workers to keep
at it as I'm leaving them
been very hardened I felt really guilty
a huge amount of guilts guilt a lot of
guilt the guilt that I feel it was
really surprisingly heavy I just I feel
like crying right now just even talking
about it is really hard it's really hard
for me to make a decision that feels
selfish to leave them when they need me
the most every single sign pointed to
leave and no sign 20 Tuesday I'm a crier
I didn't want to end up looking back
thirty years thinking I wish I had made
a decision for myself and for my family
a long time ago I want better for my own
child and I wish the community was more
supportive of teachers and to make that
happen it shouldn't be a battle between
inside of you whether you care about
your own family or the families of
others every person I've told
that I'm leaving they all say the very
same thing congratulations
that's terrible it's terrible in a 72
decision the Supreme Court handed a win
to a Baker who back in 2012 refused to
bake a wedding cake for a same-sex
couple Jack Phillips the owner of a
Christian cake shop argued that it was
within his rights because he believes
that baking and decorating cakes is a
form of art and counts as protected free
speech Phillips also says being forced
to create a design that he's morally
opposed to because of his religious
beliefs violates the Constitution's Free
Exercise Clause the couple that wanted
to buy the cake argued that Phillips was
failing to comply with Colorado's
anti-discrimination Act which makes it
illegal to refuse service to individuals
based on among many things sexual
orientation the Colorado Civil Rights
Commission and the Colorado Court of
Appeals found that Phillips violated the
state's anti-discrimination laws but
Phillips appealed the decision and in
July 2016 petitioned the Supreme Court
to take on the case with today's
decision the Justice is narrowly focused
on how the Colorado Civil Rights
Commission treated the Baker they
decided the Commission showed hostility
towards the Baker's religious beliefs
basically saying it wasn't a fair
process so Phillips can't be found in
violation of the state's
anti-discrimination law but the court
did not answer the larger question at
the heart of this case whether
businesses can use religious views and
therefore the First Amendment
to exempt themselves from
anti-discrimination laws other cases in
the pipeline may get at that larger
issue but for now the justices chose not
to deal with it the fight to push what's
left of Isis out of Syria is moving into
what the Pentagon is calling phase 2 as
the offensive heads toward the town of
Doshisha earlier this spring vice news
embedded with those soldiers as they
work to clear the terrorist groups last
remaining outposts this is dara'a or the
most contested piece of real estate in
all of Syria since last winter the
american-backed Syrian democratic forces
have had Isis surrounded along the
Euphrates River wall that remains the
Caliphate that once covered more than a
third of Iraq and Syria is a few towns
and villages unusually Mujib will not
match up voila - yeah - kind of always
has some mother-loving 21 year old
commander Hamad Naha al Hamad he belongs
to the Shia
tribe I stood against Isis since 2014 if
Akashi - on you eg a chatot Alamo Islam
while I'm sure that catalog come - Lala
Kathleen's latashia
has her own Isis killed 800 people from
Hamas tribe many of those who survived
the attack join the SDF what do you want
tears of the highest award leaders early
on in battle harm now imprisonment our
spotter Mindy Reiser Zil material nas
mistress husband - toward us
fear happy in the wash beheld on today
vintage on oh my god
fear the wash from Alan lava will be
headed today under halawet militia
fighters hold rudimentary sand forts to
prevent Isis forces from making it into
the open desert
now the fight is petering out and it
turns out not every moving target is a
member of Isis this time it's just a
plastic bag caught in the wind
what's it like fighting Isis now at this
stage in the war
do they still resist heavily or is it
getting easier - highly immoral and
first Harper Ojeda her beloved raha Odom
ha ha - motherland - and it can with -
rattled a dislodging Isis won't put an
end to the fight for control of this
border region it contains Syria's two
largest oil fields the SDF and its
American back control of it as long as
the American supply of vehicles arms and
air strikes keeps coming the US will
have a loyal ally in those fighters but
the American game plan is unclear and as
president Trump decides whether to
remain in Syria what happens to these
men and America's mission hangs in the
balance
dolorous Edna knew my Italian
anniversary how are you a facility I
couldn't in any way
I'm listening the most amazing iPhone
ever when Apple announced its voice
assistant Siri in 2011 it was
groundbreaking Apple had yet again
invented an entirely new product
category now you might ask well who is
Siri let's just ask who are you I am a
humble personal assistant back forward
seven years and Apple is getting
trampled in the voice assistant space
Amazon and Google have since released
their own voice assistance as part of
various products and there have been
many reports about users dissatisfaction
with Siri now Siri is by far the world's
most used digital assistant today at
their worldwide developer conference
Apple announced a convoluted new feature
called shortcuts that allows Siri to
perform preset tasks we think we're all
gonna really enjoy using shortcuts
multiple steps across multiple
applications with a simple drag-and-drop
steps
there's hundreds of pre-made shortcuts
that you can download you can see that
it's just really a series of steps drag
this in drop it it's really easy but
none of this addresses series core
problem which is that for a personal
assistant
it still doesn't know you that well hey
Siri why are you so far behind your
competitors unfortunately Siri never
kind of graduated past being a neat demo
without Steve pulling things together
they're very hard time retaining talent
because the guys who run the team don't
know what they're doing Berkey told me
that when Alexa dropped in 2014
it caught Apple completely off-guard
apple just descends they went on the
living room because Microsoft didn't
know what they were doing and Google is
not really a device manufacturer really
although now it is it was really like an
old moment Apple regularly touts
itself as the company that doesn't want
to collect your personal data privacy to
us is a human right that reassurance has
no doubt helped Apple dominate and
devices like today when they announced
as Safari will limit tracking from like
buttons these can be used to track you
whether you click on them or not but
when it comes to making Siri better it's
a liability in order to improve voice
recognition artificial intelligence you
need a massive data set on literally
everything someone might say to their
phone when you speak to an Alexa device
all that data is stored and kept in the
cloud that means Amazon can do more to
study that data and help the system
learn your habits and interest so it can
better guess what you might search in
the future but unlike its competitors
Apple doesn't hold on to that data
there's that old process man and what
frosty put it hat on he always woke up
as a happy birthday he had no memory of
anything that occurred before I said my
first words so that's actually how Siri
is every time you press the buttons it
doesn't have any conversational history
and when you combine that with the lack
of data privacy on the other platforms
more data privacy for Apple what it
means is it knows so little about you
and what you're saying is that it tends
to get things wrong or last month Apple
snagged Google's head of AI John G
Andrea but without making big changes to
the data they are willing to collect it
seems unlikely that Siri will be able to
provide the answers you want hey Siri
what does the future hold for you
I found something on the web about what
does the future hold for you check it
out we are a great country that selfish
country and a compassionate country and
I intend to make that my basis for
running an over the very good night over
the speech I was working as a busboy I
thanks to all of you and now it's on to
Chicago and let's win there when he says
I'm teaching Karl I remember everybody
has dropped everything and went to the
hallway was a wall room was I don't
think he missed one hand I was stuck out
to shake him he grabbed my hand shook it
took a step forward let it go and then I
I heard what to me sounded like
firecrackers I was back back back back
is there a doctor my first thought was
to protect his head from the concrete as
soon as I put my hand down by his neck I
felt a stream of blood coming through my
fingers he asked me is everybody okay
then I heard him said you know
everything's gonna be okay
and all I could hear was or this can be
happening again or god help us please
taking the bus back to my school I still
had blood ly between my fingers and and
my my nails messy I know there were some
elderly standing from he was a newspaper
and sure show me the picture although
the first 15 years was really tough so I
was a very angry teenager I blamed God
for didn't happen I blame myself
I even blame the senator for not taking
for questions I start to get letter
saying that maybe if I wasn't so selfish
in trying to connect with our senator
that maybe he would still be alive
there was one letter that even suggested
that I was paid to set him up for a very
long time I felt I was part of the blame
people said that I was at the right
place at the right time
and man that made me even angrier
because to me being at the right you
know the right place I right now it
would be follows bullets my family
specially helped me to understand that
there's nothing I could have not made me
realize that I need to honor the memory
of him and with that comes some
responsibility that would work hard that
I would provide for my family that I
would not let any member of my family be
a burden to this country I've been doing
construction work for the better part of
35 years I get a good workout I feel
that I made an honest dollar and you
look back and the other day and you feel
proud of what you are what you've done
today I have our three grown daughters I
have a son that is currently going to
college I have 10 grandkids and one
great blanket I am very proud of my
family Robert Kennedy was a champion for
equal rights for everybody I hope there
is someone who can keep Bobby Kennedy's
dream alive
you
you
you
