tonight I think that it's going to send
a message that sexual violence and the
treatment of women in the criminal
justice system has to be addressed I
think it's less about race and less
about racism to a lot of black families
it does feel like it's about race
president Trump may have rescinded his
invite to the Philadelphia Eagles
but he didn't skip the chance to throw a
patriotic pep rally and criticized
kneeling NFL players we love our country
we respect our flag and we always
proudly stand for the national anthem we
always will stand for the national
anthem a Romanian man has won the right
for his American husband to be granted
residence and Romania so the two can
live together there Romania is one of
six EU countries that don't recognize
same-sex marriage he used highest court
says that for residency benefits at
least they have to at a Senate hearing
Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos faced
questions about the federal Commission
on school safety which she chairs will
your commission look at the role of
firearms as it relates to gun violence
in their schools
that is not part of the Commission's
charge per se that's surprising because
one of the Commission's specific tasks
is to provide recommendations on age
restrictions for buying guns do you
believe in 18-year old high school
students should be able to walk into a
store and minutes later come out with an
ar-15 style assault weapon and hundreds
of rounds of ammunition
I believe that's very much a matter for
debate we are no longer a pageant we are
a competition we will no longer judge
our candidates on their outward physical
appearance
Miss America 2.0 is getting rid of its
swimsuit competition overhauling the
evening gown component and shifting its
judgmental gaze inward who doesn't want
to be empowered and be able to show the
world who you are as a person from the
inside
of your soul its primary day in
California and liberal rage at Trump's
Washington is making it a busy one
California has 53 different House races
many with wide open primaries that could
help decide control of Congress and in
the governor's race alone there are 27
candidates to choose from all of that
chaos is obscuring one local race that
otherwise would be getting national
attention the campaign to recall and
replace Judge Aaron Persky
he's the man who presided over the case
of brock turner the stanford swimmer who
sexually assaulted an unconscious woman
Persky sentenced him only to six months
in jail plus probation now it's the
judge who's facing judgment
so we'll just fix it I think ailments
the busier Street don't you that's where
I put him both down there
Michelle dauber is the head of the
recall campaign she's a law professor at
Stanford and a personal friend of the
woman Brock Turner attacked so this part
of the campaign sort of looks like a
more like a regular traditional campaign
right now you're walking around you're
knocking on doors how long is that party
going we've been doing this basically
the whole time he had to collect over
58,000 signatures and we ended up
collecting over 95,000 and which we did
mostly by knocking on doors
Babur is in charge of a very serious
campaign operation she launched two
years ago more than a million dollars
raised and spent dozens of volunteers
judges in California are elected and
they are accountable to the people they
serve the only thing that is a little
different about a recall is that Judge
Persky was up for re-election in 2022
and by using the petition we moved the
date up to 2018 essentially daubers been
the keeper of the outrage sparked all
across the country after the Turner
sentence earlier this morning Brock
Turner was released from jail after only
three months
although a lot of lawyers across the
country a factor in Santa Clara County
she's facing down the bulk of the legal
establishment they don't agree with the
recall effort and that includes the
district attorney whose office
prosecuted Turner in the first place his
judge Persky a good judge he's he's a
good judge and you know he's reflective
of the judges that we but he made a
mistake in this case good judge
absolutely while on the one hand I was
angry and sad I wasn't surprised and the
reason I wasn't surprised is I've been a
prosecutor here for more than 20 years
what this judge did in the case is
something that most of the judges on our
bench would have done and what most
judges in California would have done
before the law was changed here's what
Rosen means at the time of the Turner
case there were state laws and
sentencing rules that push judges to
give first-time offenders like Turner
lenient sentences so Rosen championed
the new state law it forces all judges
to give defendants convicted of the same
crime Turner was at least three years in
state prison also known as a mandatory
minimum sentence judicial independence
is something that's central to our
society whatever the issue is you have
in front of the judge you want that
judge to look at you and treat you as an
individual and not think about the
ballot box or the judges career or
what's going to happen and my concern
about the recall is that judges will
think to themselves well how's this
going to play in public opinion
the weekend before the election both
sides were campaigning we reached out to
Persky but he didn't get back to us
dobbers volunteers were blasting texts
to thousands of people who already
promised to vote for the recall their
concern is low turnout I think that the
legal profession has definitely linked
arms with Judge Persky against the
recall but ordinary voters strongly
support this recall and feel as they did
in 2016 the statement that was
essentially made by the passage of that
mandatory minimum was Judge Persky has
screwed up so badly and so abused his
discretion that we need to pass a law to
make sure that no other judge can ever
do this again
to me that's an independent reason to
recall him the reality here is that it's
hard to find anyone who thinks the brock
turner sentence was the right punishment
what you have now are people using the
political system to call on the
judicial one your opponents think you're
gonna win and what they're know and what
they're worried about is that this is
gonna set a precedent that judges are
just going to throw the book at
everybody so they don't get recalled
yeah what do you think it's gonna do I
think that it's going to send a message
that sexual violence and the treatment
of women in the criminal justice system
has to be addressed New York is a
cosmopolitan city but its public schools
are incredibly segregated Mayor Bill
DeBlasio just announced a plan to do
something about this by making New
York's elite high schools more diverse
one of the city's school districts is
already debating its own plan to
desegregate and if that experiment is
any indication the mayor might be about
to face a lot of angry parents
one of the city's wealthiest locust
districts is constructing a plan to do
something about its segregation but as
the Chancellor of New York City Public
Schools noted on Twitter it's not going
over well with everyone that clip from a
public meeting about the plan turned a
local news story into a national
conversation
New York City's district 3 includes both
the white and wealthier parts of the
Upper West Side and black brown and
poorer sections of southern Harlem
there are 16 middle schools in the
district and thanks to a complicated set
of admissions criteria the top
performing schools are dominated by
affluent white and Asian kids fewer than
10% of the students at those schools
come from low-income families in some
other parts of the district almost 100
percent of the kids come from low-income
families of color so parents and
district tree leaders introduced a plan
that would reserve at least 25% of all
seats at each school for students who
are struggling this means some high
achieving students aren't going to get
there top school choice we have not
address part of our district and that to
me is our problem the conversations that
we're having right now are really really
important and they're really really
emotional and they're not going to solve
them tonight we're not Kim Watkins is
the chair of district 3 is community
education council it's fear I think it's
less about race and less about racism to
a lot of black families it does feel
like it's about race and the arguments
sound a lot like what some of them heard
in the 1950s I'm not racist but I don't
want my kids around kids who don't
perform well I'm a white parent in
Harlem and you know I am
I would never think twice about having
my kids sit next to a black kid in a
class the District three fight exposes
the conflict between families desire to
choose the best public school for their
kids and the community's real need for
equitable education and then just how
hard it is to get individual families to
stop thinking about school choice like
it's a zero-sum game do you think that
the parents of high-performing students
end up feeling like they actually
deserve the best of what the public
schools offer even if it's at the
expense of kids who are struggling i
unequivocally would say there is no owed
spots and in the public school system to
the extent that it seems that parents
feel that way is a flaw in public
education and I think it's an
unsustainable environment if we want
public education to succeed the warlord
Joseph Kony is believed to be hiding out
in the borderlands of the Central
African Republic where more than 15
armed groups are fighting to control the
country's resources as head of the
Lord's Resistance Army Kony has been
indicted by the International Criminal
Court for among other crimes abducting
and recruiting children anybody and
there's no initiative and in my position
or in my camp
according to the United Nations over the
last five years at least 13,000 children
in the Central African Republic
have been kidnapped and turned into
soldiers
one of the most powerful rebel groups
here is the Popular Front for the
Renaissance of the Central African
Republic for the fpr see it's made up of
people from the country's Muslim
minority who fought the Lord's
Resistance Army many times they claim
that they don't use child soldiers but
while we were there we met two boys
who'd been captured after separate
battles with rival groups instead of
being released they've been made to
fight we spoke with Muhammad Saeed a
founding member of the FARC in one of
its most senior generals in Bria can you
describe what happened when you fought
the LRA and captured the young fighter
de la Alera son Vinay a preowned a
vedere a trap a le persone dollar
village sayako desiccation Tantra de
circulate in Syria monopolize a citizen
ariselu male viva la zonga le Bacchus a
final part
sayako Sakana Bree Nizam pour parler
possible ap is some combative his own
recuperate less than fun
didier used to be with the LRA an uber
car was taken from the anti-balaka
forces does that mean a ga da so is it
for my sister
kumi-sama the rajadis Sita can you
describe some of the things you had to
do I greet irritants or boys in broken
muscle I'm gonna show up we quickly
resumed if you see non-malicious you say
well I'm being a good citizen and the
new kidnapped people that was that was
other other children we've been
kidnapped through being trained to fight
as well do anything I run because in Nam
being it's all a con I was a pitcher
from Armenia of whom in each other I
detect a tone in the light together
Alabama logically now Harlequin of
another war is already sitting on our
each other
Abba car was captured seven months ago
he says he was 17 at the time
what did they do to everybody else
what never fun being each other well
father UD yeah and I got Sarah father's
own TV chilli
apk
and now you're fighting for the fpr see
how do you think this is gonna end
so one bingo and do you want to stay
here and keep fighting or do you want to
go on to Ruby did they ever say what
happened to you if you refuse to fight
or refuse to do any of the work I wanted
you to do not sum of digits here in
Sioux were more like to farm on a
when did that happen
were there kids who refused or were too
scared to fight and you were killed
that's also much cheaper chief ammo bien
did you ever me OC Joseph Kony
coolin coolin metabolic but in a greater
activity forgive me - see - so a typical
control in Uganda da-da-da-da-da-da
pick Intifada go to senayan your pocket
rocket booty the American send troops
here looking for him the Ugandans and
troops here looking for him I spent
million many millions of dollars they
had lots of equipment why do you think
they were unable to catch him last mean
that you have me GW scar blah blah very
cheeky so I mean Budokan bharati rachana
quality banana a little manitou Diyala
when you were fighting for the NRA you
had no choice because if he didn't you
would be killed what do you think you're
fighting for now
when is the last time you show your
family
why can't you hand the young fighter
over he says he's 17 years old now but
he was captain on he was 10
can he not be returned to his family in
Congo tomorrow digital meno nanoo
Suzanne Terra's Mempa sequela Honor
envoy at Roma hace para una vida Syed
Ali Khan became the Democratic another a
clear envoy see separation Tony Avella
Metro official mother four months after
we filmed this interview DDA and avec
are remain hostages of the F PRC with no
news about when or if they will be
allowed to return to their families
what inspires you
people and I think the environment
I look at the street you know I'm not
sure I reflect the street as much as I
absorb it and then interpret it the
waters off Alaska are one of the best
spots in the world for commercial
fishing but the average boat trawling
its icy waters is getting pretty old a
brand new super ship was supposed to
change that and revolutionize the future
of American fishing instead it's making
enemies in Alaska and on Capitol Hill
yes no sheep like this in this country
or in the world for that matter
you don't name your fishing boat
America's finest if you lack confidence
but it's possible a Hell in a park was
little too confident her company's
seventy-five million dollar ship might
never fish in American waters because of
an almost century-old law referred to as
the Jones Act when this first thing came
up I had a question how do we miss it
but then that's why we did an
investigation and it's just accidental
honest mistake the Jones Act is intended
to protect manufacturing jobs by
requiring all ships transporting goods
between US ports to be made in America
and though 700,000 hours of American
labor went into building America's
finest just under 10% of its steel was
made and bent in Europe far more than
the allowable limits I build this vessel
to prove the American capabilities but
in the end it was a detail of the Jones
Act that got us in this predicament you
might think nobody would build a 75
million dollar ship without studying the
rulebook and it's still unclear how the
shipyard made such a huge mistake
initially the ship's owners weren't too
concerned they thought the government
would quickly pass a waiver like they've
done several times before
instead legislators decided to make an
example of America's finest and the
waiver might never pass the Senate
some people say it's because the fishing
industry is too cutthroat to give anyone
a break we have a big 40 million dollar
project that we're coming up on right
now
Frank Kelty is the mayor of a tiny
fishing village called Onalaska
population 4437 he wrote to Alaska's
congressional delegation in January
urging them to oppose the waiver request
to protect jobs in the towns fish
factories weird Universal seafood it's
the largest processing plant for polycon
and ending at Alaska Dutch Harbor area
is onshore processing of seafood is it
important for an Alaska economically
very and very important in Alaska it is
our main revenue driver for our
community it's the economic engine of
the city small vessels unload fish in
coastal towns Lake Onalaska but large
modern ships like America's Finest often
have their own factories on board
America's Finest can process more than
500 thousand pounds of fish a day that's
a threat to Alaska's coastal processing
industry and the communities that
supports are concerned that modernizing
the fleet would mean a big shift towards
more factory ships so Onalaska seized on
the Jones Act as a last-ditch attempt to
stop America's Finest the waiver having
to do with the steel y link those two
things together well I don't have any
opinion on on the steel issue my
constituents are on Alaska and the
plants here are my constituency and
that's what I want to look out for last
week the House passed a waiver for
America's Finest but the Senate hasn't
budged Park is now considering selling
America's Finest to a foreign firm if it
doesn't on Alaska and its allies could
be slowing modernization for now but
this won't be the last threat they face
this whole episode sent a big message to
the industry that in addition to the
regular risk investing in new technology
and I have to add to the risk of facing
the Jones Act Lobby and the competitors
who want to use their little power to
crush your company well dad opinions
starring John Darnielle the dude from
the mountain coats just imagine if they
caught me on a wild day now I'm off 50
blogs getting 50 cars a wife calling
scream and say we bout to lose it all
it's the new Kanye is it yeah there's
the thing about Kanye we presently are
in a time where people cover people's
personalities a lot or opinions or
whatever and that's fine I guess but I
don't care I only care about somebody's
music guys like me who were around for
the the first two waves of rap are
pretty weak for a good Kanye hook
I can't find much to hold on there
except that you know the singer sleeps
in the nude and so do I so we have
something in common there this is a
weird melange of influences there was a
very Rick Rubin sounding trimmed
electric guitar not know but then a
proper Houdini sort of vibe to the high
808 sound
nothing seems to have any function
beyond color palette I don't hear any
players and I don't hear a singer I hear
an effects chain I can't hold any
interest in that it's not for me what is
this this is really interesting music to
me a pretty dark vibe to the hook there
I'm generally more interested in stuff
that sort of asks a little more of you
whether it's the intensity of Joni
Mitchell's presentation a voice that
tends to cut through stuff or whether
it's Death Note
so this felt to me in that kind of
ballpark unless you become the kind of
person who says that music was better
when you were in high school you should
avoid that mystically speaking you won't
you will someday say how good things
were when you were young not me though
you
you
