goose goose goose goose goose lets them
know it's feeding time tick tick tick
tick tick tick tick tick tick
Darren Knight is an Alabama comedian who
shot to internet fame when his
characters southern mama went viral he
spent it too much time chasin man you
need to start spending a bit more time
chasing Bibles his videos rack up
millions sometimes tens of millions of
views Jamison pay attention to the coach
$84 used to catch butterflies and pick
flowers Knight was one of ten comics
chosen by Variety magazine to perform it
just for laughs the largest and most
prestigious stand-up comedy festival in
the world he was the only white guy on
the bill
no video is emerged of his set but
Knight bombed and was booed off stage
when he admonished his fellow comedians
for being too focused on subjects like
sexism and racism this said the rookie
stand-up was not what comedy was about
Saturday Night Live freshman Chris read
was waiting for a night when he got off
stage
it was the bomb heard round the comedy
world Twitter exploded and he was
denounced as a racist and homophobic
ters were uncompromising night's
opinions on comedy and a variety of
other issues had no place in comedy
before the dust had settled night's new
york-based talent agency ICM partners
had dropped him all you had to do was
shut the up and take that bomb you
went around being southern mama you
ended up being a Alabama racist
homophobic person for most up-and-coming
comics this would be the end of the line
but not for night his videos and stage
act have translated into millions of
dollars in revenue taking night from a
single wide trailer in the woods to a
sprawling antebellum era plantation into
the front lines of the comedy culture
wars when I listen this podcast and
someone says casually you're a racist
and a homophobe yeah are you a racist no
I'm not a racist you Oliver no I'm not a
homeless but where do you think that
comes from well you know as I said that
I'm not gonna get up here and I'm not
gonna talk about anyone's race I'm not
gonna talk about anyone's sexual
orientation it's my job as a comedian to
talk about things that we can all relate
to and to make you laugh you don't
really regret it at all I didn't say
anything on there that's career-ending
bombing at an elite comedy festival
doesn't bother night much he already has
a huge paying audience that exists well
outside the comedy mainstream
girl that looks gonna be you 93% of
we're gonna get this each look on
their face I started going to send me
shows these women I'm saying you're my
spirit animal I mean we sold out 150
shows in a row in 2016 night caught the
eye of a new jersey-based producer John
Edmonds cosmo cosmic quickly snapped him
up as a client this is a total gross so
two years since we started it's three
point three here's our reach i reaches
like this past seven days as close to 30
million there pretty impressive numbers
yeah yeah tell me what I should know
about Darren I think it's worth a
hundred million dollars not over
promising my thought was it was it was a
Tyler Perry business model cousin we've
all got that one friend posted pictures
on Facebook hold the camera quite high
like yeah look at my new shoes
do you have it I mean in a way you're
sort of safe in saying what you want to
say right not necessarily well I mean
you have a built-in audience that's been
very loyal to you like this kind of
comedy worlds like we don't we don't
like this guy he's outside of the
mainstream he's outside well we've been
jobbing in New York clubs forever that
kind of thing right so out of the gate
identity is a big part of this right
mm-hmm you know I you know it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter who owned the
stage is straight it doesn't matter who
owned the stage is gay it doesn't matter
who owned the stage is white it doesn't
matter on stage as black Latino Asian
that should not matter it matters if
you're a comedian being funny if you're
a contractor building something that's
not going to collapse on someone's head
as a comedian it's not my job to get out
there and and and to single single
anybody out in case they do is you can't
say that this person's don't get
offended that person's don't get
offended
you can't count babies by the boy in the
girl you got to call them babies until
they brought it up they decide if they
want to be a man or a woman give me a
break
do you see now that there's kind of a
shift in that that if you don't have
similar politics people find it harder
to lather stop because we've got so many
things happen in this country from every
aspect and we're seeing divides in this
country more now than we've ever seen
before and so you see those divisions
and comedy - absolutely
and that's another reason that I made
this statement that I did is because
when it comes to comedy or when it comes
to your place of religion or when it
comes to your home and you're with your
family friends this is a place that all
that needs to be set aside you just kind
of need to come together and enjoy each
other's company
you
you
