my own view in the area of abortion is
that I am opposed to it as a matter of
birth control or otherwise the subject
of abortion is a valid one in my view
for legislative action subject to any
constitutional restraints or limitations
do you expect to overrule the Roe versus
Wade Supreme Court decision if you're
confirmed senator I don't think it would
be proper for me to answer that question
let's assume that I have people arguing
before me to do it or not to do it I
think it's it's quite a thing to be
arguing to somebody whom you know has
made a representation in the in the
course of his confirmation hearings if I
had an undisclosed intention or a fixed
view on a particular case an absolutely
concluded position on a particular case
or a particular issue perhaps I might be
obligated to disclose that to you I do
not have any such reviews with reference
to privacy or abortion I have not got
any agenda on what should be done with
roe v wade if that case were brought
before me I will listen to both sides of
that case I have not made up my mind and
I do not go on the court saying I must
go one way or I must go another way
I have no reason or agenda to prejudge
the issue or to the predisposed to rule
one way or the other on the issue of
abortion which is a difficult issue this
is something central to a woman's life
to her dignity it's a decision that she
must make
or herself and when government controls
that decision for her she's being
treated as less than a fully adult human
responsible for her own choices it is
essential to women's equality with man
that her choice that she be the
decision-maker that her choice be
controlling the case of Roe versus Wade
has been the law for twenty-one years or
more and it was recently affirmed by the
Supreme Court of the United States in
the case of Casey that is the law the
questions that you're putting to me are
matters of how that basic right applies
where it applies under what
circumstances and I don't think I should
go into those for the reason that those
are likely to be the subject of
litigation in front of the court your
testimony read to this effect and it's
been widely quoted Roe is the settled
law of the land do you mean settled for
you settled only for your capacity as a
circuit judge or settled beyond that
well beyond that it's settled as a
precedent of the court entitled to
respect under principles of stare
decisis it is it is settled as a
precedent of the court yes do you
believe it is the subtle law of the land
Roe versus Wade is an important
precedent of the Supreme Court it was
decided in 1973 so it's been on the
books for a long time it has been
challenged on a number of occasions it's
a very important precedent the settled
law of the land
it is a precedent if settled means that
it is it can't be re-examined then
that's one thing if settled means that
it is a it is a precedent that is
entitled to respect to sorry decisis and
all the factors that I've mentioned
coming to play
including the reaffirmation and all of
that then it is a it is a precedent that
is protected entitled to respect under
the doctrine of stare decisis in that
way in your opinion is Roe settle law
the court's decision in Planned
Parenthood versus KZ reaffirmed the core
holding of Roe that is the precedent of
the court and settled in terms of the
holding of the court do you believe the
Constitution requires that the health of
the mother be protected in any statute
restricting access to abortion I do
think that the continuing holding of Roe
and doe versus Bolton is that woman's
life and woman's health have to be
protected within in abortion regulation
can you tell me whether role was decided
correctly senator again I would tell you
that Roe versus Wade decided in 1973
suppressed to the United States Supreme
Court if I were to start telling you
which are my favorite precedents or
which are my least favorite precedents
provide view press event in that fashion
I would be tipping my hand and
suggesting to litigants that I've
already made up my mind about their
cases that's not a fair judge
