for a generation Nevada was the only
place in the country where people could
legally gamble on sports but when
football season kicks off next week
many fans won't have to travel or break
the law to place a bet since a Supreme
Court ruling in May five other states
have legalized it and three of them are
already taking bets if you're looking to
make money few places as enticing as New
Jersey where business owners and
politicians have been fighting to
legalize sports betting for almost a
decade
Dennis Drazen who owns New Jersey's
Monmouth Park Racetrack helped lead the
push we visited him the day his sports
book opened normally I would give a long
speech but today is not the day for me
today's the day for governor Murphy to
make the first bed and I want to get him
to make the first bet here now
this is a huge step forward for gaming
for the tracks for the economy in this
state so I've said $20 on the New Jersey
Devils to win Lord Stanley's Cup let's
go nearly a decade ago trazan thought
the horse tracks days were numbered
revenue was steadily declining as horse
racing's popularity waned and the state
had just cut off about seventeen million
dollars in subsidies we had to figure
out a way to save the track so the
governor said look no more subsidies but
you want something to run with your
sports betting
so the genesis of the Supreme Court
ruling of states being on the side of
what they want to do is wanting to
preserve horse racing in New Jersey
exactly in 2012
Drazen began a fight mostly with the
major sports leagues to overturn a 1992
law that effectively banned sports
betting everywhere in the country but
Nevada his bet make this a states rights
issue
the smart thing was to let the courts
adjudicate the issue so I went out
publicly said we're gonna start taking
bets and the league's took up the
challenge I wanted to have a port
decision that said we could do this you
can bet on games you can bet on futures
you can bet on who's gonna win next
year's Stanley Cup Drazen was so sure of
his strategy that he partnered with
william hill one of the largest betting
houses in the world to build a three
million dollar sports book before sports
betting was even legal in New Jersey the
Yankees can win again and big break
I'm putting 60 on Argentina in the first
month and a half Monmouth Park has taken
in 3.1 million dollars in sports betting
revenues or about 42% of all sports
betting revenue in the state how big do
you think the market is in general for
sports betting and for every fort
spending in new jersey based on what we
know about the market we believe new
jersey is a ten billion dollar market so
I expect 1 billion dollars annually to
be wagered here at Monmouth Park numbers
like these are part of why the major
sports leagues have opposed legal
betting for so long they've said it
could lead to match-fixing point-shaving
and all sorts of other fishy stuff the
big money is also why most of the leads
have now come around Ted Leonsis who
owns for Washington DC sports franchises
including the NBA's Wizards is part of a
group of sports owners who've been
openly fantasizing about how that's
going to change American sports I think
this would be great for the players
because we're in partnership with them
and round numbers they're getting half
of all of the revenue that's being
generated for franchises it'll be
fantastic because we need to have both
national and local revenues to grow our
pie and this is a big pot of money but
today it's been a hundred percent margin
for the bad guys the shift away from
illegal sports betting will be slow
since it'll have to happen
state-by-state
and it might only be partial because
states will tax it and drive up the
price but when even the most
conservative estimates suggest 50
billion dollars are being bent under the
table you take what you can get the
longer the leagues wait on the sidelines
the likely they are to fall behind in
the new fight well who gets to make the
most money off the newly legal industry
NBA Commissioner Adam Silver has already
floated the idea of taking 1 percent of
all money wagered on the sport
claiming it's needed to maintain the
integrity of the game the NBA has asked
for a 1% integrity fee yes which we
hadn't called it an integrity fee
because we have very high integrity as
it is we don't need to be paid for it
what we need to be paid for is our IP
today leagues like the NBA gather
enormous amounts of real-time data they
can track just about every movement by
every person on the court they use it to
evaluate players but if people like
Leonsis have their way those data sets
will eventually have another much more
lucrative use allowing fans to bet in
game from their seats on all kinds of
innocuous things there's this notion of
prop bets betting around situations and
so you can see now people wanting to
stay to the end of the game if it's a
blowout every play still will matter
you'll see the coach call a timeout and
people will be betting I think he'll
call for a pick and roll play and
someone will say no I think the point
guard will roll to the basket and check
out to someone at the 3-point line and
you'll be able to bet right there
everything will become a competition I
don't know if that world sounds great to
me people are sitting in an arena on
their phone betting and and you see that
they're watching the game but they're
also watching their bet it'll just
become as mainstream and as one touch
and is baked into the way we do things
is you know buying a book or you know
getting a car on uber
you
you
