tonight if Muller finds some evidence of
Trump colluding with the Russians where
he knew or should have known that would
be probably it for me like almost any
addiction it's all about that dopamine
rush they're setting it up for us to
fall into that trap a US district court
judge sentenced former NSA contractor
reality winner to five years and three
months in prison for leaking information
about Russia's attempts to hack the 2016
presidential election winners sentence
is the longest ever given for a federal
crime involving leaks to the media South
Africa's government responded angrily to
President Trump after he tweeted that
his administration would be looking into
what he called farm seizures and
expropriations and a large-scale killing
of farmers there's no scientific
evidence that points to any white
genocide in South Africa it's not true
he took the job and then he said I'm
going to recuse myself I said what kind
of a man is this and by the way he was
on the campaign you know the only reason
I gave him the job because I felt Lauri
attorney general Jeff Sessions is no
stranger to public humiliation from his
boss but this time sessions pushed back
with an official statement saying his
department quote would not be improperly
influenced by political considerations
following a report that found systemic
deficiencies in how Chicago's public
schools handled incidents of sexual
abuse by its staff the Chicago Board of
Education approved new policies
restricting how workers and students can
communicate with each other they're now
prohibited from calling leaving
voicemails or texting on personal
devices or contacting each other using
personal email addresses or social media
accounts
senator Sheldon Whitehouse and Lindsey
Graham are in a bipartisan crusade about
the cyber hacking of American elections
I came here today to talk to them about
it but I know what you want to hear
about so before we got to cyber stuff
I asked Graham one of the managers of
the 1999 impeachment trial of Bill
Clinton about the standard for
impeachment given all the president
Trump's recent unpleasantness he wasn't
shy about it there's some comments you
made back in 1989 that are back in the
news today for some reason so the point
I'm trying to make is you don't even
have to be convicted of a crime to lose
your job in this constitutional republic
impeachment is about cleansing the
office impeachment is about restoring
honor in integrity to the office so
don't you think those words apply today
I don't think they always apply and
finally somebody's listening it took 20
years so welcome to the dance here's the
deal one smaller issues his report one
thing I learned about impeachment
there's sort of two models here there's
the Nixon model where it just got
overwhelming and there was just too much
to ignore and the Republican Party said
okay you gotta go
there's the Clinton model where it too
many people was an overreach that it was
all about sex and the party never
abandoned President Clinton and most
independent Citra they didn't like what
he did but uh bridge too far that's what
happened here if Muller finds some
evidence of Trump colluding with the
Russians where he knew or should have
known that would be probably it for me
other stuff not so much so not the stuff
we've been hearing about this week well
I don't think that's not going to change
many people's minds in terms of is that
a an event to throw the guile their
campaign finance stuff senator we're in
your office what do you think of that
answer
I think Lindsay was right then and he's
right now back to cybersecurity and the
Senators attempts to tell a story about
cyber threats that America will finally
pay attention to today these guys
convinced me that you should be worried
about that help me understand how
serious it is like the power grid is it
safe no the water system safe safe or
because it's a simpler system there's a
lot of gravity flow and feed and things
like that
what about the 2018 election is that
gonna be safe probably the actual vote
tallies will be correct this has been
mostly an information operation by the
Russians so the extent to which they can
sow divisions weaponize fake news and
fire it at us and do those things is
still very much a current problem we
really already exposed in terms of voter
registration Paula something being urged
people being added anything computerized
can be attacked what I worry about is
just a major Pearl Harbor cyber attack
on the financial telecommunication
energy side that puts us in the dark
tastes our daily lives
those are seen complete chaos and that's
gonna happen until the bad actors
believe it costs too much to do it I
think the Trump administration is not
sending a better signal than the Obama
administration the way you address this
is to go after putin's oligarchs that
the support system for the Putin regime
is that pack of thieves and looters that
are his oleg arks and the thing they
want more than anything else is to find
safety in London in New York to be able
to escape the wicked world that they
have looted and to deny them rule of law
world's will have a very powerful effect
the new phrase that came from the
hearing is kick them in the oleg are
sort of like that shouldn't you pass a
law saying every power grids gonna
this kind of protection or else we're
doing something that the problem is two
weeks from now there's a new iteration
on what we told them they had to do and
that's now obsolete what Sheldon's doing
is saying let's pick the five or six
critical infrastructure pieces that
would destroy our life if they were
brought down and encourage those people
in these business areas to harden their
infrastructure and keep keep hardening
it you know I'm like willing to kill a
bunch of people to make a safe I'm
pretty out there I mean I'm willing to
leave troops in Afghanistan as long as
we need I'm willing to be hard on the
terrorists I'm but you're not gonna win
this war by killing people I understand
there's a limit to military power I am
very worried about how bad actors
without large armies could do a lot of
damage to the country and we're not
responding dan coates said the warning
lights are blinking red in the cyber
area and we're just not moving fast
enough
Australians will be rightly appalled by
what they're witnessing in their
nation's Parliament today and in the
course of this week actually Australian
voters have been appalled for quite a
long time Prime Minister Malcolm
Turnbull may be about to lose a bit of
fight to save his leadership job from
insurgents in his own party it's the
second internal challenge to Turnbull in
just one week the first was on Tuesday
when Peter Dutton a right winger in
tables Liberal Party which is actually
conservative resigned his cabinet post
and challenged his boss for the top job
Dutton lost that contest thank you very
much but just 24 hours later he was back
calling for another vote and after which
two more candidates put themselves
forward for the job turn will agreed to
schedule a second vote which is set to
take place just a few hours from now if
one of his three challengers can break
the deadlock in the party ballot there
will be a new leader of the Liberal
Party immediately and a new Prime
Minister of Australia Australians call
an internal leadership challenge a spill
as a cabinet minister in 2015 Turnbull
himself challenged his own boss then
Prime Minister Tony Abbott in to
leadership spills only six months apart
he won on the second try this is the new
normal in Australian politics on both
sides left when Prime Minister Kevin
Rudd was knifed by his Deputy Prime
Minister Julia Gillard who was later
knifed by her foreign secretary Kevin
Rudd Rudd became Prime Minister twice
before losing power in a general
election all told in the past eleven
years not a single Prime Minister has
survived to serve a full three-year term
soon of course will be an election of
this broken government
functioning government what's driving
all this chaos it's not actually
widespread discontent Australia's
economy for example is relatively strong
and right now most voter frustration is
aimed squarely at Parliament you
absolute Lloyd all the raspberry
Australians wanting you to do your
 job the actual culprit here
seems to be a national fixation on
opinion polls particularly the news poll
which regularly gauges party preference
back when Turnbull was challenging
Abbott he said 30 consecutive polls
showing the devotees preferred the other
party made Abbott illegitimate when
Turnbull hit the same market April he
said it's not about the numbers but the
vultures started circling if Turnbull
goes down and it looks like he will
another general election is likely to
happen soon
the Liberal and Labour Party is will
compete for votes as they always do but
what's clear in today's Australia is
that the greatest threat to prime
ministers isn't their opposition it's
their own government
tomorrow shareholders will vote on
whether health insurer Cigna should
acquire Express Scripts 467 billion
dollars the deal is expected to go
through Express Scripts is the country's
largest pharmacy benefit manager or PBM
Express Scripts CVS Caremark and optim-r
X are the three biggest PBMs in the US
and they control about 80 percent of the
market but what is a PBM and why would
an insurance company want to spend sixty
seven billion dollars to buy a PBM is
like a bouncer at the bar a bouncer is a
middleman they control who gets into the
bar and who doesn't and they get paid to
do it that's pretty much what PBMs do in
the drug industry they're the middlemen
in almost every transaction PBMs process
prescription claims for insurers it
helps determine which drugs get covered
by insurance
how much insurers will pay for them and
how big your personal copay will be
and they influence which pharmacies
people like you end up using and like
bouncers PBMs have lists they help
decide which drugs insurance companies
will or won't cover and determine how
much you pay for your pills PBM say that
these lists help patients get medicine
at competitive prices
but having drugs on these lists can also
be good for drug companies since it
often leads to more prescriptions for
certain drugs when you fill your
prescription drug makers pay PBM is a
cut called a rebate which can drive up
earnings for the PBM the Department of
Health and Human Services says that PBM
rebates incentivize drug makers to keep
prices high PBMs claim that rebates
aren't the reason for high drug prices
they say drug makers are since they
alone said the cost but this is
difficult to verify
since PBMs pricing and negotiation
practices are totally opaque in addition
to determining which pills will be
covered for patients PBM is also set
reimbursement rates for pharmacies but
some pharmacists say that these
reimbursement rates are sometimes set so
low that pharmacies can lose money when
they fill prescriptions
this puts small independent pharmacists
like Dominic Bartone at a disadvantage
we have no negotiating power with the
PBM PBM provides us the contract and
basically the contract is take it or
leave it
pharmacists say that because of their
PBM contracts there are times when
patients co-pays for a drug are so high
that it would be cheaper for them to
just pay out-of-pocket but according to
some pharmacists these contracts often
prohibit them from telling patients that
it'd be cheaper to pay cash
the pharmaceutical care Management
Association which represents the PBM
industry say they oppose contracts that
concealed a cash price of a drug I
always equated to the restaurant which
have prices on the menu you know that
you're not getting a deal when the
prices aren't listed on the menu that's
exactly how we papal subscription drugs
last year anthem the second largest
health insurer in the u.s. cut ties with
Express Scripts saying it was being
overcharged by billions of dollars
Express Scripts told vice news that
anthems claims lack merit Arkansas
recently became the first state to pass
legislation regulating PBMs and United
Healthcare and Aetna made a move towards
more transparency saying they passed
drug company rebates directly to
customers in efforts to bring down
prices that could mean the heyday of PBM
is passable but it might also just mean
insurance companies will become the new
power brokers anthem for example is
creating its own PBM CVS plans to merge
with Aetna and there's that Cigna
Express Scripts deal we mentioned the
companies say these deals will help them
cut costs and deliver care more
efficiently but consumer advocates say
they'll just reduce competition and are
unlikely to make the prescriptions
cheaper which isn't good news for
independent pharmacies or for you
the world championships for the video
game dota 2 are underway in Vancouver
and the purse for the tournament is now
more than 25 million dollars the highest
in the sports history gaming is huge
business but it's also becoming a public
health issue
last month the World Health Organization
made gaming disorder an official disease
the question now is how to treat it
restart is the first video game
addiction rehab in the United States
it's treated over 275 gaming attics
since it started nine years ago and
currently has a waiting list to get it I
was playing up to 1213 hours a day maybe
even more and I didn't keep track you
just kind of minimize it barely going
out to eat better going out to direct
with anyone at all
just on the damn computer and just not
caring about anything else even though
it's still kind of hard to say I really
did that and think yourself wow I'm a
bit of an ass these are two patients
that restart they were sent here by
their parents after they failed out of
college do you think people if you told
them about restart that there's a whole
facility just for gaming addiction
that'd be surprised it'd be surprised
and also they'd probably get a bit angry
the reaction of oh you're just a baby
why don't you just grow up and mature
which could you imagine saying that to
an alcoholic you can't just
get over as it takes a lot of effort and
work the first phase is this intensive
phase where they have no access to
digital media okay this is a chore chart
and they these chores rotate every week
Hilary Cash founded restart and it's the
chief clinical officer of the program so
these are the bedrooms this is just one
of the guys bedrooms
no screams phase one includes a minimum
of an eight week detox from technology
no phones no screens and no contact with
the outside world the WH O's
classification of gaming disorder is
good news for Hillary it's a
long-awaited nod from the medical
establishment that gaming addiction
could be as bad as she says it is people
tend to think it can't be real but they
are misled because if you're a gaming
addict and you're actively gaming your
brain is gonna light up the same way
someone who's high on cocaine the same
way their brain lights up cash has a
point
gaming companies hire psychologists to
help design their games to be more fun
and to hook people to play for longer
some studies have shown that gaming can
cause structural changes in the reward
systems of addicts brains tell me about
your patients who are they and what are
their backgrounds most of them are fall
between eighteen and thirty they come
from nice families they have had many
privileges of a middle-class life
usually you talk about middle class
how much does restart cause for most
people who stay for about eight weeks
here it costs about thirty thousand and
that's a lot of money it is a lot of
money but that's just phase one of the
program the price is higher than some
drug rehabs the difference is this isn't
covered by insurance
we are going to my job I've been in
Phase two for four weeks I got a job in
the first week and I wanted a job so
that I can kind of progress through the
phases faster
how are you doing today Kevin ended up
at restart after his parents gave him an
ultimatum get help or get out of the
house he's now in the program's
outpatient phase which it calls open
world I may be almost 30 years old but
I'm not I've never actually functioned
as a true doll there you know pay all my
own bills go to things on time make my
own food things like that those are all
things that I've never fully
accomplished oh the erotic of books did
Mary show you in the mouth
once in a while mostly guys for a little
over seven thousand dollars a month
Kevin's parents pay for him to live in a
halfway house for gamers and receive
daily therapy to slowly integrate tech
back into his life he's only allowed to
have a flip phone and has to petition
his therapist for her smartphone
so I use a computer about once a week we
basically have to sign up more like more
than 24 hours in advance to make it
intentional use of the computer
I mean in the past I was used computer
just because I wanted to use computer
now I kind of make everything in my life
intentional it changes the impulsivity
of things we're gonna be heading off to
jewel Park hanging out building social
bombs a lot of psychologists and
research it's being dumped into trying
to prove that it's not a problem when
people that I see and I've seen for
years you see it every day I see it
every day I have a guy telling me like
how he his bathroom just had mushrooms
growing in it cuz he hadn't cleaned his
tub we reached out to five major game
developers and they all referred us to
the industry's lobbying arm the
Entertainment Software Association the
ESA has declined our repeated requests
for an interview but its representatives
have gone on the record calling the
World Health Organization scientific
process quote deeply flawed other
academics have pushed back on the WH OS
classification saying that there isn't
enough evidence to single out gaming are
there other ways to treat gaming
addiction that aren't like an intensive
rehab program I mean that's the question
and I think part of it does have to do
with earlier interventions you know the
World Health Organization just
recognized it but in America as a whole
it's not recognized none of this is
enough to convince American game
developers to rethink their product
they're the ones who are pushing all of
this on to the general population to
make money so it's not in their interest
to admit that there is a serious problem
like almost any addiction it's all about
that dopamine rush it's kind of built
into the games they're setting it up for
us to fall into that trap do you think
you'll ever a game again I'd love to get
back but it's just I'm an addict it's in
my blood
they've left it up to a six-year-old to
explain what transgender means because
the school districts too afraid of
actually having the adults teach the
children up until the day that laws are
changed people don't always kill trans
people and thought they can get away
with it because it's being justified
she's not at high risk because she's
trans she's at higher risk because we're
allowing this bigotry and Prejudice to
continue
you
you
