senator Sheldon Whitehouse and Lindsey
Graham are in a bipartisan crusade with
the cyber hacking of American elections
I came here today to talk to them about
it but I know what you want to hear
about so before we got to cyber stuff
I asked Graham one of the managers of
the 1999 impeachment trial of Bill
Clinton about the standard for
impeachment given all the president
Trump's recent unpleasantness he wasn't
shy about it there's some comments you
made back in 1989 that are back in the
news today for some reason so the point
I'm trying to make is you don't even
have to be convicted of a crime to lose
your job in this constitutional republic
impeachment is about cleansing the
office impeachment is about restoring
honor and integrity to the office so
don't you think those words apply today
I don't think they always apply and
finally somebody's listening it took 20
years so welcome to the dance here's the
deal one smaller issues his report one
thing I learned about impeachment
there's sort of two models here there's
the Nixon model where it just got
overwhelming and there was just too much
to ignore and the Republican Party said
okay you gotta go
there's the Clinton model where it too
many people was an overreach that it was
all about sex and the party never
abandoned President Clinton and most
independents it or up they didn't like
what he did but rich too far that's what
happened here if Muller finds some
evidence of Trump colluding with the
Russians where he knew or should have
known that would be probably it for me
other stuff not so much so not the stuff
we've been hearing about this week well
I think that's not gonna change many
people's minds in terms of is that a an
event to throw the guy'll their campaign
finance stuff senator were in your
office what do you think of that answer
I think Lindsay was right then and he's
right now back to cybersecurity and the
Senators attempts to tell a story about
cyber threats that America will finally
pay attention to today these guys
convinced me that you should be worried
about that helped me understand how
serious it is like the power grid is it
safe
No the water system safe safe herb
because it's a simpler system there's a
lot of gravity flow and feed and things
like that what about the 2018 election
is that gonna be safe
probably the actual vote tallies will be
correct
this has been mostly an information
operation by the Russians so the extent
to which they can sow divisions
weaponize fake news and fire it at us
and do those things is still very much a
current problem we really are exposed in
terms of voter registration policies in
being urged people being added anything
computerized can be attacked what I
worry about is just a major Pearl Harbor
cyber attack on the financial
telecommunication energy side that puts
us in the dark takes our daily lives
those us in complete chaos and that's
gonna happen until the bad actors
believe that costs too much to do it
I think the Trump administration is not
sending a better signal than the Obama
administration the way you address this
is to go after putin's oligarchs that
the support system for the Putin regime
is that pack of thieves and looters that
are his oleg arks
the thing they want more than anything
else is to find safety in London in New
York to be able to escape the wicked
world that they have looted and to deny
them rule of law world's will have a
very powerful effect the new phrase that
came from the hearing is kick them in
the Ola guards I sort of like that
shouldn't you pass a law saying every
power grids gonna have this kind of
protection or else we're doing something
that the problem is two weeks from now
there's a new iteration on what we told
them they had to do and that's now
obsolete what Sheldon is doing is saying
let's pick the five or six critical
infrastructure pieces that would destroy
our life if they were brought down and
encourage those people in these business
areas to harden their infrastructure and
keep keep hardening it you know I'm like
willing to kill a bunch of people to
make a safe I'm pretty out there I mean
I'm willing to leave troops and
Ganis tan as long as we need I'm willing
to be hard on the terrorists but you're
not gonna win this war by killing people
I understand there's a limit to military
power I am very worried about how bad
actors without large armies could do a
lot of damage to the country and we're
not responding
dan coates said the warning lights are
blinking red in the cyber area and we're
just not moving fast enough
you
