this is fate Donald Trump wasn't
actually in Young Frankenstein and Steve
Buscemi wasn't the star a basic instinct
I'd have to be pretty stupid to write a
book about killing and then kill
somebody the way I described it my book
I'd be announcing myself as the killer
but thanks to the open sourced facial
replacement app called deep fake almost
anyone can now be in almost anything you
may remember last December deep fakes
burst onto Reddit in the form of massive
amounts of porn with the female
performers faces replaced with the faces
of famous actresses read it quickly ban
the subreddit saying it was quote a
violation of our content policy
specifically our policy against
involuntary pornography but this
technology is not just being developed
by internet trolls in Vancouver last
week the world's most important computer
graphics companies and academic
institutions gathered at SIGGRAPH to
talk about their craft and deep fix was
very much in the mix so on the left side
you see a source actor that is able to
control a virtual avatar of another
person called target actor in this talk
this is justice Stiles from the
Technical University of Munich along
with colleagues from Stanford he is
presenting the first real-time source to
target reenactment approach for human
portrait videos it seems obvious to most
that of this technology progresses
further it may be the center of the
shitstorm that permanently asurs in the
post truth era moving forward we need to
be more vigilant with what we trust from
the internet I'm stay wolf bitches the
researchers here don't have an answer
for this problem I'm just wondering like
is this technique sort of available to
everyone and if you could just talk a
tiny bit more about sort of where you
see that going in the sort of ethical
implications of the technology as a
researcher we can are we gonna to keep
working on to detect such a misuse and
it's gonna put all the effort to prevent
those misuse yes thanks I don't think
there's a good answer to this in the
sense that as the technology progresses
it's becoming harder and harder to
detect but it's becoming harder and
harder to detect for humans but as the
technology progress will also have
technology called tools to detect what's
real and what's fake that doesn't sound
too convincing and the government thinks
this is a problem this year DARPA will
spend more than 28 million dollars
developing a way to detect in debunk
fake videos so we're playing a
cat-and-mouse game with the taxes be
fake generated videos based on the fact
that those faces in the fake videos do
not blink as of June our detection
accuracy is 100% the battle is ongoing
I'm expecting the quality of the fake
video to getting better in the better in
a sort of exponential speed researchers
may be able to detect a fake video but
people seeing those videos on their
Facebook feed could still be fooled
you
