Mackenzie maze has been recording for
the Fresno Bee for three years today
she's writing a piece on complaints that
Republican congressman Devin Nunez and
his staff are never available to
residents in his district but do you
feel like he's not paying attention to
his constituents here
oh yeah he's more concerned with
protecting truck then than anything to
do here in the Central Valley Nunez has
been a top liberal target ever since he
joined Trump's transition team there are
protests like this one outside his
Clovis office every week
still he's not considered at risk of
losing this fall in his deep red
district I should be back in Utah soon
okay
mace doesn't typically cover politics
but she's the reporter who wrote a piece
on a lawsuit filed against a winery
newness is invested in a winery employee
who worked on a charity Cruz alleged men
she believed were important investors in
the company did cocaine on board drew
straws for sex workers and quote
reviewed out loud and in detail the
sexual services performed the winery
settled but in a statement to Vice News
said no one in the group had any
personal or business connection into the
winery Nunez himself is not alleged to
have been on the cruise or to have had
anything to do with the cruise at all
I'm Devon Eunice and I approve this
message but he did take the fresno B's
report seriously enough to release a
two-minute ad attacking the paper as
fake news sadly since the last election
the Fresno Bee has worked closely with
radical left-wing groups to promote
numerous fake news stories about me the
be responded to Nunez his attack with an
editorial calling the ad fake news but
the blowback maize God was intense
you are fake news the president attacks
on the media started out as a way to
discredit negative coverage but have
turned into something far more personal
see others fake news I don't take
questions from John Roberts of Fox and
now Trump's attacks have empowered some
local politicians to take his tactics to
the
level the the noonas story about the
yacht and the winery and the cocaine
that was verbatim out of you know
privileged court documents there's
nothing that I could have you know
stretch or done it seems like more and
more politicians are succeeding it in
forcing us the reporters into the story
which I think it's probably on purpose
right it complicates things and it makes
it harder for us to do our jobs how if
somebody succeeds in making you the
story then are people going to believe
you when you're telling it you want to
call it a large protest a protest the
job of a Fresno Bee reporter was already
tough print circulations dropped from a
peak of more than one hundred and sixty
three thousand daily subscribers in 2004
to just over 63,000 last year so the
bees had to cut staff and now a
prominent elected official is trying to
discredit the newspaper you know it's
actually sad I actually feel bad for the
people who work at the bee because sadly
it's become just a left-wing wreck that
was the last interview Nunez gave to the
beans the congressman didn't talk to
vice news about this story either I
think the perception out there that this
is some you know very left-wing product
is just not accurate we've endorsed
definite newness in every election that
he's running if we continue to do our
jobs the right way most people
eventually are gonna realize that you
know they need us you know there are
certain stories out there if we don't
report them nobody's gonna report them
so you are kind of just giving up on
that pocket of the readership or the
community that believes Gemma Nunez I
wouldn't say I'm giving up on them but I
do think that there's some people you're
just never gonna convince them the fake
news attacks on the media seemed to be
working
according to a recent poll 72% of
Americans now believe news sources
report things they know to be false even
Republican voters who are disappointed
with newness aren't sure who to believe
I'm not saying he's doing a bad job I
really don't know because I don't have
the objective reporting the facts to
sort out those issues it sounds like you
trust sort of your local politicians
more than you trust media the local
politicians that I know I trust which I
would trust more these have gotten so
one-sided and divisive that with to me
when sometimes the media attacks
somebody I that makes me favor them more
including newness do you read the Fresno
Bee yes I do I read it every day how
long have you been reading it for I used
to throw the Fresno Bee I was a paperboy
so I mean I've been reading this since I
was a kid have you ever thought about
giving up your suggestion yes I have but
I in some ways this is my son a little
crazy but there's a Chinese saying keep
your friends close keep your enemies
closer
so I kind of want to know what they're
saying
you
