these striking workers are African
migrants who work in southern Italy
tomato fields 16 of the cellar workers
were killed in two separate car
accidents earlier this month the victims
were passengers in overcrowded vans
returning from long shifts in the fields
the vans are run by gang masters known
as a capper alley they act as middlemen
for this entire industry supplying
farmers with cheap labor in exchange for
a cut of the workers wages and because
there's no public transport system here
they charge workers for rides to the
fields in initial advance often driven
by overworked migrants but the workers
and the farmers depend on the kappa
rally and no one we met was willing to
help us find Kappa rally to speak on
camera but they were frank about how
miserable the system can be gone casino
ad facility on V Don Cossack insurance
or non poor coma Mac DC AC Jo sang
Khurana revolution Petrobras is
conscious consider the far Imperial is
carpenter easier for silicon material
machine even pass a digital tuner
remember children trabajan para ver para
la maison italy's passed a new law to
criminalize the Caporal system as a
mafia crime but the Lord doesn't
penalize the middlemen themselves it
targets farmers threatening up to eight
years in jail for any employer found to
be hiring workers through the kappa
rally
and military police are stepping up
their early morning spot checks to see
which forms the capper alley vans are
going to prima de la reforma de la ley
jelly no Novello constituency pin
emotive a continue are a scooter a
laboratory can be under salt an
intermediary are they astrology called
determined in the trade aboard K
obligate are so to start and killing me
ecology so not a regular to Terra were
here not surprisingly the farmers who
power this 3.5 billion dollar industry
think it's unfair that they're the ones
being targeted no sir
people will stop Enzo snatcher has 40
acres of tomato fields on land passed
down through his family he insists he
pays his workers fairly but he admits
that the industry depends on cheap labor
why'd you have to use the kappa rally
what would happen if you cut them out no
need of you know standard an oligopoly
Fedora's young immortal mister how do
you respond to people who say that
you're part of the problem you're one of
those who's exploiting the migrants and
you're responsible for mistreating them
canal GMO news for Tory Colorado
lumineer Estonia dommatina
llamó la mattina press Holocaust regime
which is pajamas kina Fino a la Sierra
Nevada model de la buffing Ottoman
debate protection of attorney panic Casa
Nova Nova dear mahogany never gotten
killed Obama da da da da la Mercado
the ravika Vacarro
is a prosecutor for the region of Foggia
which produces about a third of Italy's
process tomatoes and hosts half a dozen
illegal worker camps it's because less
than 24 hours to find the ghettos where
migrants are living and many of them
tell us that they don't have the legal
papers to be working yet they're still
employed lasagna GA so to tinea toll in
the questa Catina the agenda nan de Bono
assumed a laboratory in condition
distorter meant advanced auto posting a
strong genetic control
they're so bizarre Nia Farah modo que e
laboratory non Viva no in condición depo
Berta ad regular Rita Chiarelli mental
scrotum and despite these warnings from
local authorities and a police promise
to carry out more raids over the coming
months workers like Muhammad think the
new rules might even make their
situation worse do you have faith in
this new law do you think that's going
to change anything
no why
más aquí vive daily share a keen on
party poppy come evolved Eve vascular
patrolman Nevada came upon cal cantina
palpably a saline evaporite cal candy
cane Aparri poppy
Lucy alpha Tommy magnet Don Dachau SWA
say prevalence wasseypur alley demonic
omelet
you
