Pablo Escobar run one of the most
prolific drug trafficking cartels in
history at the height of his empire in
the late 80s
Escobar's operation smuggled 80% of the
cocaine that reached the u.s. in most of
Colombia Escobar is better remembered as
a ruthless drug lord responsible for at
least 4000 murders including the
assassination in 1989 of a leading
candidate for president who wanted to
take him down
today meta-gene Escobar's hometown and
the headquarters for his operation is a
different city narco-terrorism has given
way to Escobar's tourism from cartel
themed paintball boat cruises and jungle
rides to knock her landmarks like
Escobar's grave what is it about Pablo
Escobar that you're interested in they
say about Pablo he's a little bit like a
Robin Woods
he's like a hero of Madine he did a lot
of bad things but he did a lot of good
for the city 200 fun fun most of the
visitors are Americans hungry for the
real-life locations that inspire their
favorite cartel TV shows
all over meta-gene people are cashing in
on Escobar's legacy even his family
caroms in regard mystery story and look
at a nosotros Iqaluit entregar sinister
personas que vienen naka amis turkish
among the commemorative hats and mugs of
their souvenir shop we met a pablo
impersonator Pablo what is this
Thursday's communication conch a
yarmulke Monaco commies handing the
number of tourists to Colombia is up 40
percent over last year thanks in part to
a peace deal with FARC rebels that has
made Colombia a safer place to visit but
tourists still want a glimpse of
Colombia's checkered past metagenes
mayor would rather move on Telemundo and
Minister you know consider Co unite us
to item a Senora del mundo que vamos and
son but what about young tourists still
coming for narco Teresa no queremos si
Turismo el que viene con more go -
irrespective as víctima de la época
narcotraffic o que Ramos's bustamante
que venga Nakano sir no sir Ariel ek7
por lo que estamos en el pasado who
knows the most informal the tourism
ministry forbids official Escobar's
chores and some sites linked to him a
marked for demolition slated to be
replaced with monuments to his cartels
thousands of victims those in Volos
important days lo peor que NOS ha pasado
poem oh so SI él ha sido Bustamante lo
que dijo esta narco traffic auntie LAN
Jie maldita Largo trolley
while the mayor tries to pave over
Colombia's bloody image he can't seem to
suppress the appetite for narco tourism
welcome to Escobar papers the drug lords
crumbling mansion is privately owned and
there are no plans for demolition
masks on all this young gentlemen the
auction is tablet that's my job
detective
you
