tonight wouldn't what stop this up we
have people living in storage containers
sheds it's a bad bad situation
welcome to SQL payables president Trump
revoked the security clearance of
outspoken former CIA director John
Brennan citing quote risks posed by his
erratic conduct and behavior press
secretary Sarah Sanders read from a
presidential statement suggesting that
more Trump enemies are next I'm
evaluating action with respect to the
following individuals James clapper
James Comey Michael Hayden Sally Yates
Susan Rice Andrew McCabe Peter struck
Lisa Paige and Bruce or eleven months
after Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico
it's electrical power Authority says
it's finished restoring electricity
across the islands but not everyone is
back on the grid prepa only restored
power to homes that weren't too damaged
and says it doesn't have authority to
help those living on land controlled by
the u.s. Forest Service
New Zealand is banning most foreigners
from buying existing homes to help
deflate housing costs which have risen
60 percent in the past decade
Australians and Singaporeans are exempt
from the new rule thanks to free trade
deals after Twitter released a series of
statements defending its decision not to
ban Alex Jones the company has banned
both his personal and Infowars accounts
from tweeting for one week the decision
came after Jones posted a video telling
viewers to prepare to defend themselves
against an Tifa and the media so people
need to have their battle rifles
everything ready their bedsides you got
to be ready
investigators in Yemen are looking into
how an airstrike in the northern part of
the country ended up hitting a school
bus killing 40 children and injuring 56
more it's one of the most horrifying
episodes in a grueling war that's
already taken more than 10,000 civilian
lives a coalition headed by Saudi Arabia
and the United Arab Emirates with
American backing has been fighting Shia
Houthi rebels backed by Iran who control
large chunks of Yemen's territory and
the coalition's most ambitious operation
is now underway the fight to retake the
critical port city of who Dada
these men call themselves
Yemen's resistance forces they look like
amateurs and they are but they're the
coalition's main fighting force
William channel on the campus Aligarh b1
Holloman ballot niya clap Holloman
ballot niya
road 5e blood welcome a war that was
supposed to be over in six weeks has now
dragged on for more than three years and
on the ground it's easy to see why
these fighters were preparing for what
they assumed would be a simple time
cutting off a Houthi supply road that
runs into her data Thank You Man for the
I knew God would bring me down instead
dunal solanum falafel arguments Allah
devil man who had a vote when tea
three-year-old Saeed Al by ear delayed
his wedding and put his life on hold to
help defend the brothers all you've
known for the last three years as
fighting can you imagine a life without
that hi hello mister I don't know how to
work an unfunded liability but the Lanka
lobby in any fear what's changed now
what's different about this battle see
them no longer mine either of them tell
them no
the resistant sources cooled in
airstrikes before charging ahead with
400 men and heavy weaponry you can just
build and waters slipping right over I
had snipers along this road
ah
I'm lovin my glance alone what's going
on
hey I'm jammin yeah well you that alder
year and his team found themselves
surrounded
what I hear now is that outgoing or
incoming faith no llama I'm over healthy
that have that ability now let's have a
little illusion so do you think the
Houthis are expecting this attack you
can and Amanda Mustafa rotten
that's why they set up these sniper
positions heat the men held the road for
just two hours before falling back and
wounded troops began streaming into the
local hospital
casualties already heard by the
resistance forces this day alone the
hospital received thirty eight fighters
wounded in the battle two of them died
and it wasn't long before the first
injured civilian arrived
10 year-old Muhammad John moods home
with hit by a Houthi mortar round this
is your son what happened
now honey big never burned I don't
abandon you like
will he survive maybe
the shrapnel had torn into one of
Muhammad's major arteries but the
hospital was low on even basic supplies
and had no surgeon on staff zucchini
zucchini so the doctor sent him to a
bigger Hospital a three-hour drive over
contested land at a nearby detention
center for captured rebels Houthi
fighters insisted that it's civilians on
their side who are being targeted
why did you buy everything is that the
same to all of you guys you will join
because of the airstrikes but a bastion
good day Reverend Daniel and Fallujah
hama the Taira tickets of the block and
Kuryakin no I love Commission shuffle
the Yemen data project says that the
area around her data has seen the
highest number of coalition airstrikes
since the conflict started according to
the independent monitoring groups most
recent report the majority of those
attacks have targeted non-military areas
we were given rare access to an Emirati
military base on Yemen's west coast
where officers direct coalition pilots
towards their targets how much of what
goes on here is providing air support
for the resistance forces no Joe Joe via
the trial of Lear Amelia s called Joe we
learn Hamas arena idea solidly in Sarnia
the court
Lamoni I mean that's not the only thing
the UE are doing that when it comes to
air support obviously they're sending
out a lot of airstrikes which has caused
many deaths of civilians recently we
didn't it's just obviously a concern
because there are a lot of civilians
thousands of civilians and for data and
around the West Coast you feel like
their biggest concern is the fear the
airstrikes
Colonel our kateri stopped the interview
and asked his press officer for advice
before eventually defending the
coalition of actions debacle it isn't
edge have heard of filamentous curry
table and here in Ireland a year
let the table and to stock them top
country of Panama literally a yes Sonny
but thousands of civilians have already
fled her data and the surrounding areas
trying to get out of harm's way
but in my data too much coffee beer
which family members have you lost from
us right Abby like that one bent of tea
don't forget to anyone anything with
ours and South al-amin julienne cut pain
William behind our terrible attire on
via magazine no sir
who do you blame for the death of your
parents whenever I was inevitable
one more than an alien yeah you know
tool on you
even by Texas standards this is the
middle of nowhere but a hundred years
ago the state's oil industry was born
here in an oilfield called the Permian
Basin the good times lasted until 1970
the peak of us oil production by 2008
companies were selling rigs and leases
then fracking changed everything in 2018
the u.s. broke a 48-year record and is
on track to become the world's biggest
oil producer by next year this is like
the modern-day Gold Rush this is the
most active oil field in the world right
now we don't have enough workers to hire
this is like the Wild West when oil is
booming it's almost impossible to keep
retail workers jobs on the oil field pay
three times as much even schools and
hospitals are losing stuff boom sanity
is a definition of trying to keep your
sanity during an oil boom 2018 has just
been absolutely brutal because the
oilfield companies will come in and
they'll take up every a young man that's
available that has any kind of work
ethic as of last week there's over
20,000 jobs available 20,000 and if
you're not making a hundred to 150,000 a
year in the oilfield you can't afford to
live here we have people living in our
cars we have people living in storage
containers sheds if you will it's a bad
bad situation
at least 50 of these probably can house
about a thousand men 2,000 men 99.9%
these guys are one gas guys sometimes
they're 30 40 acres of just custom-built
double-wide trailers that are for men to
come out here and sleep in while they're
out here is there's no apartments where
have about a 40,000 home deficit I hear
some of these guys have criminal
histories or recently divorced or newly
married you're out here just to make a
life for themselves you can rewrite your
story out here if you want to so those
guys that are working on that rig floor
just depending probably the the floor
hand just starting out he's probably
working two weeks on two weeks off 14
days 14 off he's probably making $80,000
a year working six months a year I love
this when I first started
pipelining yeah I had a foreman and he
asked I was from I said Austin it's like
oh you're one of them snowflakes
how and I was like no don't you dare
call me that and it just kind of stuck I
started pipelining but oil was $35 a
barrel and it's at $68 a barrel so it's
gone $33 once it's a hundred a year
you're working every day they're trying
to get as much money out of it I like
him
they're getting so much oil now that the
infrastructure can't handle the volume
last year I pulled 86,000 and I walked
away with 6,800
my work boots are 550 bucks on an Apple
watch I like Oakley's these were 213 no
gotta have the newest iPhone all that
have a badass drug
I took you ain't gotta less wheels and
tires on it spend about five grand on
him so I've always wanted a lift a truck
so I feel like a badass now driving it
even though my gas mileage sucks
snowflake isn't too worried about saving
money right now in April 22 percent of
the drilling rigs in the world were in
West Texas
yeah so Saturday night was and was like
I don't know strippers and cocaine the
entire West Virginia State Supreme Court
was just impeached by the House of
Delegates this week the legislature
accused the justices of a host of
wrongdoings including neglecting their
official duties and miss spending
taxpayer funds we should hold the
highest court in the land to a higher
standard
if thought it was former chief justice
Alan Lawrie who's accused of lavish
spending the Chief Justice had a $32,000
couch and he also had this inlaid wooden
floor in the shape of West Virginia with
bloom pearl marble or here the county
which matched the blue pearl marble in
his bathroom
wolf recalled the allegations about his
couch spending outrageous but when the
house started investigating him they
realized the other justices were also
spending extravagant amount on that
office date call but Lori is the only
one facing federal charges including
fraud lying to investigators and witness
tampering he has pled not guilty to 23
counts still the investigations have now
led to all of those justices and Laurie
being impeached if the West Virginia
Senate convicts them they'll lose their
jobs but there's something else going on
here the moral outrage has given
Republicans in the state the chance to
remake the court in a more conservative
image overreach I think it was a coup I
think it was a takeover and I think it
was normally West Virginia voters elect
the five Supreme Court justices
for 12 year terms and at the start of
the year there were two Republicans and
three Democrats on the court but if the
republican-controlled senate convicts
the impeach judges it'll be up to
Republican governor Jim Justice to fill
any vacancies until 2020 it's part of a
larger Republican campaign to appoint as
many conservative judges as possible at
every level but one of the Democratic
justices facing over spending
allegations Ruth Davis called a
political maneuver of her own she sat
down rather than waiting to find out if
she's going to be convicted by the
Senate ah just Canela a while the
finalizing of this plot to come to
fruition
this means voters will now have a chance
to elect Davis's replacement in November
in the meantime the other remaining
impeached justices will keep hearing
cases when the Court is back in session
on September 5th
Pablo Escobar run one of the most
prolific drug trafficking cartels in
history at the height of his empire in
the late 80s
Escobar's operation smuggled 80% of the
cocaine that reached the u.s. in most of
Colombia Escobar is better remembered as
a ruthless drug lord responsible for at
least 4000 murders including the
assassination in 1989 of a leading
candidate for president who wanted to
take him down
today meta-gene Escobar's hometown and
the headquarters for his operation is a
different city narco-terrorism has given
way to Escobar's tourism from cartel
themed paintball boat cruises and jungle
rides to knock her landmarks like
Escobar's grave what is it about Pablo
Escobar that you're interested in they
say about Pablo he's a little bit like a
Robin Hood
he's like a hero of Madine he did a lot
of bad things but he did a lot of good
for the city 200 fun fun most of the
visitors are Americans hungry for the
real-life locations that inspire their
favorite cartel TV shows
all over meta-gene people are cashing in
on Escobar's legacy even his family
caroms in regard mistress Torian
lo que nosotros Iqaluit and trade are
several other personas communica amis
turkish among the commemorative hats and
mugs of their souvenir shop we met a
pablo impersonator
Pavla what is this Thursday's
communication conch a yarmulke monocle
miss anything
the number of tourists to Colombia is up
forty percent over last year
thanks in part to a peace deal with FARC
rebels that has made Colombia a safer
place to visit but tourists still want a
glimpse of Colombia's checkered past
metagenes mayor would rather you not
consider Co unite us to add mass in hora
del mundo que vamos hands on but what
about young tourists still coming for
narco Teresa no queremos si Turismo el
que viene for more go yoni respect all
as víctimas de la época narcotraffic o
que Ramos's Bustamante que venga Nakano
semester areas
ek7 por lo que estamos en el pasado y
como knows the most informal a tourism
ministry forbids official escobar tours
and some sites linked to him are marked
for demolition
slated to be replaced with monuments to
his cartels thousands of victims
no simbolo Samoan for tonight's lo peor
que nos a pasado como Sociedad ha sido
gusta mint a lo que dijo este
narcotraffic auntie LAN Jie maldita
largo trolley while the mayor tries to
pave over Columbia's bloody image he
can't seem to suppress the appetite for
narco tourism welcome to SQL papers the
drug lords crumbling mansion is
privately owned and there are no plans
for demolition
masks on
all this young gentleman from Utah is
Pablo that's my job detective
you
you
