sanctuary cities just got a little bit
safer judges ruled against president
Trump's 2017 executive order saying the
government would withhold funding from
cities that don't cooperate with ice the
9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled
yesterday that only Congress can block
federal funding the Department of
Justice called the ruling a victory for
criminal aliens some state governments
are opposed to sanctuary policies to
Texas Senate bill 4 known as the show me
your papers law allows officers to ask
anyone they detain to reveal their
immigration status an opponents say it's
enough to keep immigrants from asking
for help or reporting crimes so Catholic
parishes in Dallas came up with an idea
they'd start issuing IDs themselves
what sorts of challenges does it present
in life to not have a state issued
identification oh my gosh it's like day
and night to enroll your kids in school
to go to a doctor open a bank account if
you don't have that it's really hard I'm
part of a group of people at the church
that have been working with the parish
ID we make the announcements at the mass
that we are going to be signing people
or interested in in getting the parish
ID in the first instance we have 1600
people sign up plus a thousand new
members the idea for parish ID cards was
proposed last fall in a meeting between
Dallas area police officers and members
of the faith community
Josephine Paul has been a lead organizer
in Dallas's immigrant community for over
15 years and has strongly opposed SB 4
since its inception in the listening
sessions we learned that the most
pervasive fear that immigrants had was
to report a crime many had been victims
of crime and also if they had an
encounter with a police officer how they
would identify themselves so as soon as
we kind of understood that then we began
you know building on the political work
that we've been doing with the Dallas
Police Department we often send our kids
to school in first identification they
might get it it's a student ID you know
and so that gives them some sense of
this is Who I am you know and the sku
vouch for me so I guess with them this
give them a sense of this is who I am
and my church vouch for me it has no
legal binding we understand that but
it's not from our perspective that it
matters as it does to them l acuerdo que
por parte de la iglesia de la diosa
Dollaz se hizo con la policía de ustedes
tuvieran undocumented odd o caso de que
salir con do siendo lazy era una
infección y no tuvieran ustedes
confident if ik are say no la ceiba a
llevar emigration sino que les evade our
simple mental identificación d go la la
moune stazione si tenían ustedes esta
identificación if a police officer in
the Dallas Police Department decides
that he wants to follow the letter of
Senate bill 4 and that he does not want
to accept parish ideas well that Officer
be reprimanded oh of course not I mean
with officer using their discretion you
know they can weigh in on the totality
of the circumstances in which they come
in contact with the person that goes
back to sayings some ID any type of ID
is better than having no identification
at all the parish I did program started
so that undocumented immigrants will
feel more comfortable talking to the
police right if it is up to every single
individual officers personal discretion
whether or not to accept parish IDs
don't you think there's some fear that
you're actually putting like a false
hope in some of these undocumented
immigrants by just giving them something
that doesn't have to be actually accept
them reporting the crime is just as
important as anyone else in this
community reporting a crime our job is
to try to create the safest community in
the country and so it requires trust and
this requires building trust do you
think that Senate bill 4 then has eroded
some of the trust between law
enforcement and undocumented communities
I'm not going to comment on them
you know someone else
see
I feel more comfortable in case a
policeman need something with my photo
that it was issue here for the church to
be doing this for us it's a sense of
hope that we have people who really care
and that's different
especially in the times were living
you
