le I'm gonna fireball multiple
government buildings le my name is Spa
SP I live in the United Kingdom the next
few months I'm gonna fire for the
students remember not and if you don't
have for me to the police
so when you're conscious - that's the
kind of sarcastic bit this is a
performance for the cameras and for me a
woman because this is a chat room of in
cells virgins spread across three
continents these are my friends this
guy's name with home prints already this
is a guy named dick he's a football
supplier
yeah Joey's his vice bitch still there
ringback you
that's just how we talk though you know
like this bitch that nigga is that you
know like it's just like vulgar and you
could call that toxic but we're all
desensitized to it most of the world was
introduced to in cells when Elliot
Rodger killed six people at UC Santa
Barbara in 2014 police didn't have to
search long to learn what motivated a 22
year old gunman to kill six people and
injure seven others before doing so he
posted a 141 page manifesto mostly
blaming women for not having sex with
him
every single spoiled stuck-up blonde
it made him a hero among some in cells
then in Toronto in April Alec Minassian
praised Rodger on Facebook before
driving a van into a crowd of people
Killington Alec Minassian wasn't part of
a terrorist group but it may not be as
simple as suggesting he was a lone wolf
what is an insole its involuntarily
celibate um it's just something you are
you know vole sells voluntarily celibate
in cell is involuntarily celibate
meaning you've tried many times and
failed and then there's mental cells
which is probably the best with me
someone who can't form a relationship
because of
mental blockage but have you been
diagnosed as agoraphobia
obsessive-compulsive disorder social
anxiety social paranoia that's not a new
thing
Joey is 23 years old he doesn't have a
job he's not in school on a given day he
may not get up from his chair where he
sits sometimes for two days straight
smoking cigarettes and running chat
rooms honestly I feel more real here
sitting in front of the computer when I
go outside I almost depersonalized a
little bit I feel like I'm playing a
video game I don't know what that is
it's just a state of mind it's probably
just a side effect of isolation our in
cells behind I don't think they're
they're really violent they're very meek
and when an insult acts it's not the
same type of thing as when Dylan would
have shot up that church or when Isis
blows people up those are perhaps more
masculine these are like docile men who
have like this bottled up thing and then
it comes out as an outburst of anger but
I think that that's uncommon people joke
about killing women that's that those
are that's a higher percentage people
joke about killing women the jokes were
ambiguous enough that reddit bandits
insel forum last November for violating
its policy against inciting violence but
in cells still talk on sites with fewer
rules like 4chan and in cells dot me
which is Elliot Rodger mean to be
insulting people look up to him I guess
in some sense not in the chatroom ironic
it's part a joke part people look up to
and do you like the ambiguity no you
can't tell them their joke
yeah well that stuff even if they're
talking about someone who killed people
well I don't I think that it's part of a
way for them to heal themselves maybe
they feel bitter and resentful like he
did and to be able to laugh at him is in
a way to be able to laugh at themselves
in cells believe in a strange cosmology
where a male archetype named Chad talks
to women with ease and is rewarded with
sex in cells to find themselves in
opposition to this as too ugly or
awkward and resent women for falling for
the Chad's of the world before we came
here I told you to just be yourself he
said that was a joke the joke was like
you know he's some skinny loser and Chad
does something awesome and he goes hey
man how do you do it in the guy Chad
just goes just be yourself man Chad
doesn't realize that you know his good
looks or his muscles or his financial
status or social status or what gettin'
gettin' make him successful and what get
him friends he doesn't realize that he
thinks it's just his personality that
does that it's just virtue of in being
him in cells think that without a stigma
on female sexuality
women will sleep with countless
high-status Chad's leaving the remaining
80% of men sexless and resentful women
who have had sex with you know hundred
plus me and now they're kind of
ostracized from their communities and
they feel that they were kind of lied to
by a feminist progressive society that
told them it's okay to flaunt your
sexuality but I just seems kind of like
a cartoon to me like I don't actually
know my personal life many women who
slept with hundreds of you don't listen
you should interview girls 20 to 23
right now and ask them how many partners
they've had
for all the anger directed outward
toward women there's more directed
inward in cells are dangerous but mostly
to themselves he's gonna get a stick out
that's what he does gets his dick out
shits his pants he's his pants
jesus christ dude this isn't
what happened Wow
this stunt was one of this guys
recurring jokes so was suicide
he died at home on July 7th coroner's
haven't yet ruled on a cause of death in
this subculture people bond over
self-loathing joy says it's therapeutic
but four of his friends have killed
themselves
you
