tonight I think the best way to describe
them is to be more like a summer camp
what do you think about the Americans
refusing to pay any money to help with
the reconstruction amazing Facebook has
shut down 32 accounts and pages
including one with more than 290
thousand followers for what it's calling
coordinated inauthentic behavior the
company says it doesn't yet know who's
responsible or whether the activity was
election related but did say the
behavior echoed the internet research
agency the Russian troll farm a federal
judge in Seattle temporarily blocked the
company from releasing blueprints online
for 3d printed guns after eight states
filed suit on Monday a settlement with
the State Department allowed defense
distributed to start posting blueprints
online tomorrow but the attorneys
general argued the guns would be a quote
serious threat to the national security
and public safety of citizens Senate
Democrats filed two separate bills today
that would make it illegal to publish
designs for a 3d printed gun or to
manufacture a gun with no serial number
President Trump has said he's available
for a meeting with his Iranian
counterpart anytime and with no
preconditions
but Iranian officials have a
precondition of their own they say
before any meeting can happen the US
needs to rejoin the nuclear deal over
the past decade representation in
Hollywood for women and people of color
and the number of LGBT characters and
those with disabilities hasn't really
improved a new report found women had
about 32 percent of speaking roles in
the top 100 films in 2017 roughly the
same share they've had since 2007 and
when it comes to female directors the
same lack of progress plays out behind
the camera
as a result of the administration's
zero-tolerance policy more than 2,500
undocumented immigrant children were
separated from their parents Senate
Judiciary Committee members got their
first real chance today the question
officials from five different government
agencies involved in separating families
after they crossed the border and now
trying to reunify them it's the only
real substantial action Congress has
taken in the nearly three months since
the Trump administration zero-tolerance
policy kicked in and after three and a
half hours of questions
the Senators didn't come up with many
answers okay what percentage of the
people who are let out after 20 days
actually show up with their hearings I
don't have that number in front of me
but we certainly get it with a small
percent it's a small it's a small
percentage what are the number of
children under five who have been
reunified sir I don't have that number
with me I'm sorry we did learn that
Immigration and Customs Enforcement
doesn't seem to think there's a problem
with facilities where families are held
that contradicts reporting on unsanitary
and unsafe conditions as well as
allegations some children are being
abused and migrant women are being
sexually assaulted while in Isis care
our families residential centers as with
all of our detention facilities undergo
a very rigorous inspection process and
oversight process any allegations of
abuse or wrongdoing that occurs in any
detention facility to include the FRC's
is automatically reported to our joint
intake center with regard to the FRC's I
think the best way to describe them is
to be more like a summer camp we also
learned that the Department of Health
and Human Services warned the Trump
administration against pursuing the
zero-tolerance policy and they went
along with it anyway any member of this
panel say to anyone maybe this isn't
such a good idea
commander we raised a number of concerns
you told the administration that kids
would suffer there's no question that
separation of children from parents
entails significant potential for
traumatic psychological injury to the
child but the biggest takeaway none of
the officials think this was a good
policy let me ask this panel who here
thinks that zero tolerance has been a
success you can just raise your hand if
you think it's been a success who thinks
that the family separation policy has
been a success raise your hand but
nobody will take responsibility for it
what went wrong
sir it's it's our responsibility in CBP
to make the apprehensions and turn
subjects over to our partners at ice and
and/or HHS so as far as you're concerned
nothing went wrong it's McHenry what
went wrong I'd have to defer to my
colleagues responses because they're on
the front lines you wash your hands of
this one huh
miss Higgins what went wrong our role in
the process is a very narrow one so I
would have to defer to my colleagues on
the logistics of the the policies in
place today regardless of who in
Washington takes the blame for
separating families children caught in
the middle might never get over what
they've been through trauma doesn't end
when they see their parents and for some
children that may still be far off
government lawyers say that Immigration
and Customs Enforcement and the Office
of refugee resettlement met last
Thursday's deadline to reunite the 2634
children who were separated from their
parents at the border this is only sort
of true as of yesterday almost 2,000
children had been reunited but about a
quarter of all kids are still not with
their parents and that's because the
government never counted them for the
purposes of this deadline
of the hundreds of children with parents
deemed ineligible for reunification a
handful of cases are still under review
others had a red flag come up in their
file this could be criminal history or
evidence that creates doubt about
paternity or maternity the children of
these parents remain in government
contracted shelters under the custody of
orr another hundred and twenty children
have a parent who signed a form saying
that they didn't want to be reunified
but the American Civil Liberties Union
questions whether these parents knew
what they were signing attorneys working
with the ACLU have identified a handful
of parents who say they definitely want
to get back with their kids but the
largest group by far are the 486
children whose parents are missing
entirely the majority of these kids have
a parent who's already been deported and
for a few of them their parents are
somewhere in the country but out of
touch with ice with the limited
information they have date and location
of removal maybe a phone number of a
family member the government in the ACLU
will have to track down each parent and
find out if they want their children
sent to them or left in the u.s. to
pursue their own immigration cases a
federal judge pressed the government on
the whereabouts of the rest of the kids
parents and gave government lawyers
until tomorrow to provide a list of all
families that weren't reunited and why
the government's lawyers continue to
tout their progress in reuniting
families but by declaring hundreds of
parents ineligible all they really did
was succeed in meeting the benchmarks
they set for themselves
this is the neighborhood of the Eleonora
mosque where Islamic state leader abu
bakr al baghdadi
first declared an Islamic caliphate
it's been more than a year since the
fighting ended in this area is still
eerily empty with no running water only
a few hundred of the roughly 13,000
previous residents have returned Mosul
needs at least 1 billion dollars of
basic reconstruction aid and so far this
neighborhood has seen little of it apart
from a donation from the UAE to help
rebuild the mosque itself
hello sentiment at solitaire habitat and
I'm re-enter mumu skeleton when our our
Monster Energy AMA a John I've been a to
win eg be my Halep dollar Tiffany
Basilio time in our highly boot Canada
I'm a dad no mom allah mohammed ur kef
became the community leader or Mokhtar
of this neighborhood only a few months
ago he's helping the handful of families
that have returned to begin the process
of applying for government funds to
rebuild monument oh c'mon kuba demon
dead mark over at calema Lama Kadima of
Shara have been i attempt redeemer
budget but couldn't at that request
majority food Erica manager jujitsu
culture hi hi Lisa working Dominic meter
here with little help from the
government
the Mokhtar has been supplying residents
with bread vouchers that can be used to
the only bakery in that's reopened the
Mokhtar has also been helping gaya a
brown who's been trying to get the
damage from a rocket strike prepared so
that his family can finally move
hada and evangelism Coolio chalice ah da
cunha finish another bubble Hajj other
wash meanness and ba Dada muscle
callosum had a Marlin jacuzzi al Qaeda
culture
sonam's days later
khadiyah was at mosul city courthouse
trying to get something done about his
home this is the starting point for
anyone trying to get their life back
together here Mosul's residents submit
paperwork and go through a series of
background checks before meeting with
the judge to make their case for
compensation
the process is maddeningly bureaucratic
how many times have you had to come here
and before now da Cleveland should even
wanna assume that Shimura also I've seen
my father still um I apologize
Johnny's Ahamed your arm so that I
listen your arm so that does deal you
Olmstead iCarly we are all soggy
but even completing the process won't
bring a payout just yet the government
says it doesn't have the cash for that
right now and so far not a single valid
claim has been paid even if residents
had the money there's a big obstacle to
rebuilding the massive amount of rubble
that still needs to be removed
it's estimated the bombardment left more
than ten million tons of debris behind
in January a small group of friends
launched a social media campaign to
clear up the narrow alleys that make up
the old city simply because no one else
was doing it
but that's a hammer the stiffs are
aluminium lucubra phenomenal month of
Kadima the N 1 alpha Lanka video
Lorraine $2.00 alia so far two jumbo
workers are paid around $2 for every
load they take the dumping grounds
outside the city
they say they've removed at least 17,000
tons so far where there are some houses
that they still can't Clare despite
leading the coalition's fights to drive
Isis out of Mosul the u.s. won't be
contributing any more of the money the
Iraqi government says it needs to
rebuild a State Department official told
vice news that the reconstruction needs
more than donor contributions and that
Iraq needs to diversify its economy
fight corruption and Eve's barriers to
investment a lot of this damage was from
American airstrikes what do you think
about the Americans refusing to pay any
money to help with the reconstruction of
Mosul why did you buy lammle koala could
add oil and would say we had a harmonica
and accumulated dude a lot lately sure
our last year how was our level of
Shannon Harbor Adam on tapa what the
hell have a chicken in Alaska when men
watch it but you're no cop Allah Allah
Karim Allah Allah D can you slow film
era in okay the ducati anomalies are
female LSD huh
now with an equality eliminating the
actor of the maha-mantra from crime
among a larger atom in Amara
today we're out here on the coastlines
adjacent to the Pebble Beach Golf Course
and we're doing a golf ball collection
we've been collecting golf balls since
May of 2016 and we're constantly
unloading bags of balls onto the beach
because a typical collection is about
2,000 golf balls and I think today we
broke $50,000 golf balls are like any
other marine plastic whereas they wear
down they release micro plastics into
the ocean and those micro plastics are
consumed by the lowest level and a
trophic level they like aggregate into
the larger animals which we end up
eating the United States manufactures
540 million golf balls a year and it's
reported that 300 million of those are
lost
obviously these balls are not all lost
to the ocean they're lost on the sides
of golf courses into forests rivers
lakes oceans but a good majority of golf
courses are on the coasts so those golf
courses are contributing to marine
pollution because most things
and so if you are playing golf on this
beautiful golf course and looked out and
saw the entire surface of the ocean
covered in golf balls people would be
outraged but because these golf balls
are on the bottom of the ocean you can't
see them we just don't we don't know
about it
so this is where we store all the balls
you can see that these have all been
sorted into the different stages we have
stage one right here and some down there
this is a president of the US Donald
Trump that we recently found these balls
still have a polyurethane gloss and
paint on them and they look nearly brand
new I'm stage two there's some here
these balls have lost the big logs
Stage three there's no pain or gloss
left on it
these are stage fours here they've lost
all of their gloss paint and all the
dimples our last stage Stage five is any
time that a core has been exposed these
have a rubber band core and it'll just
slowly continue to unravel and release
into the ocean or the beach or wherever
they are our activities even ones that
seem unrelated to environmental you know
distress are having impacts on the
environment that in ways that we might
not understand until someone actually
like Alex starts to look at the problem
and so I work with people who study
trash in the ocean you know after a
living and when I tell them about this
work that Alex is doing they're they're
shocked you know it's just it's just
part of the issue that even experts who
study this their entire lives 24/7
didn't know really was it was an issue
if we're able to pass some form of
legislation that requires golf courses
to stop their emissions so basically
pick up the balls that you're putting in
then we're gonna get somewhere because
there's not going to be new stuff in
there and we're gonna be able to take
out what's been in the ocean it'll be a
tremendous a tremendous change in the
amount of plastic I would imagine let's
look at totals that would be fifty
thousand one
nice nailed it 50,000 but am I gonna
have a bunch of people hating me after
this
cool I like it it's creative it took a
little turn that I didn't expect it to
take I was expecting a little bit more
of like a pop rock kind of song and it
went into a more I don't even know what
to call it it felt like hip-hop but it
was much more organic than that can't
even think of anybody else who sounds
just like that right now there's
unexpected
good tool cross the river make it back
home before God nothing in the music -
perhaps my attention at all so I jumped
over to the lyrics and and I guess I
don't really like when that happens I
prefer a lyric to just be relatable but
not in a way where all I can see is like
too much it's kind of like like sexy
clothing if you're just naked then the
fantasies gone
so what I didn't like is that it sounded
like the singer was in the bathroom next
door and there was a flanger on top of I
think everything or at least the whole
drum kit and it felt like the whole song
at 40% reverb on it which is absolutely
not my taste like music to grab me and
really grabbed my attention this just
absolutely didn't do it to me I need the
singer to come out of the bathroom and
then sing microphone so this head
moments of Nightrider
reminded me of space if you'd then only
take few elements but don't fill up the
space
it feels naked to me and I don't want to
be naked in space do you want to be
naked in space I don't want to be naked
in space I don't think you want to be
naked in space
you
you
