you'd think the prospect of a Muslim
running for governor of a state
President Trump one would be the biggest
fear for a certain kind of conservative
in 2018 people of Michigan had voted the
people miss but the woman Abdul outside
had campaigned with this weekend is
someone people on the right
seem to find far more terrifying she won
with the assistance of the Democratic
socialists Medicare for all free college
tuition and she is politically naive
enough on to have told the truth
Alexandria Ocasio Cortes shocked
Democrats when she defeated one of their
party's leaders in a primary last month
conservatives in this country just can't
stop talking about it
she's the 2018 super villain from June
26th when she won her primary through
Sunday night Ocasio Cortez has been
mentioned at least 291 times on
television
that's according to archive.org that's
more than seven times as often as New
York's celebrity candidate for governor
Cynthia Nixon and the network where
Acacio Cortez has caught the most was
Fox with a hundred and nineteen mentions
The Daily Caller has published nearly 20
articles on Ocasio Cortez in the past
nine days calling her socialist darling
and using headlines like aoc equates
ending slavery to electing Democrats one
of their reporters was almost sucked in
by Ocasio Cortez's hypnotic superpower
they talk about education for your kids
health care for your kids these the
things that you want and you know if
you're not really paying attention to
how they're gonna pay for it or you know
the rest of that it's easy to fall into
that trap and say my kids deserve this
but Ocasio Cortes is not the first
Democratic Socialist to run for office
recently in fact just a couple years ago
one ran for president and did pretty
well yet almost no one on the right
covered Bernie Sanders like he was dr.
doom
Jeff Weaver Werner's campaign manager in
2016 when he's not running campaigns he
runs victory comics in Falls Church
Virginia I got me a new comic book store
and I'm thinking like you know the Jerry
Burnie like to face but like Ocasio
Cortez is like the Joker
like there was super villain Bernie is
well-defined in people's minds I mean if
you call somebody in Nebraska or Wyoming
or Idaho or California in New York and
say tell me about Bernie Sanders look
they all know who he is they all have an
impression of him they all have a sense
of what he stands for it she's new and
undefined and so yes they're gonna try
to turn her into a caricature he was a
comic book term right waiting this means
for this rising tide of democratic
socialism to have a person like a Kashia
Cortez vilified to such a degree well
look I think it what it says is that
we're winning right I mean when you're
not winning they ignore you you know
they tried to pigeonhole it as like
these young white Bernie bros right well
Alexandria El Castillo Cortez is not a
young white Bernie bro so this movement
has no boundaries there are no racial
boundaries there are no gender
boundaries there are no gender
orientation boundaries and there are no
geographic boundaries right it's winning
all over the country and this to them is
terrifying they would love to tell
voters that what Democrats want is to
turn the country into Venezuela so
that's like that's a fantasy of theirs
right I mean but the reality is is that
this is what we in the progressive move
want to talk about we want to talk about
health care we want to talk about a $15
minimum wage we want to talk about the
fact that you have aging parents and
you're trying to figure out how you're
gonna be able to afford to take care of
them or young kids and how you're gonna
be able put them to college these are
the issues we want to talk about and if
Republicans want to talk about those
issues let's have that discussion
so getting the badge of villany is sort
of like a sign that things are going
well it's the it's going great
yes exactly the ladder they're screaming
the better it's going
you
you
