today SpaceX launched a set of broadband
communication satellites into orbit on
one of its Falcon 9 rocket
commercial launches like these are now
the leading edge of American innovation
in space seeming to take over the spot
long occupied by NASA but the reality is
that NASA had a lot to do with creating
the private space industry in the first
place I started with NASA in 1985 even
before then I had an interest in the
commercialization of space I've always
felt that just like our own frontier in
this country the government goes Calvary
builds a fort the settlers arrived and
the Army moves on that paradigm should
apply to space as well at the time I
joined still the Apollo program people
the very can-do approach that we can do
anything
brilliant team who only knew one way of
doing business to develop systems that
the government would own and operate and
it worked very very well but by the
start of the 21st century NASA was
struggling the international space
station was delayed and the space
shuttle Columbia exploded killing seven
astronauts in 2004 President Bush issued
a new space policy calling on NASA to
partner with and invest in private
companies in 2005 we stood up the cots
program tosses the commercial orbital
transportation services a program that
simulates development of private sector
capabilities the goal was for companies
to demonstrate that they could carry
cargo to low-earth orbit in the first
round of the cots investment we picked
base X and Rocketplane Kistler
SpaceX was doing well Rocketplane
Kistler unfortunately wasn't so when
they've dropped out we then have the
second round and we picked orbital ATK
as the new second partner NASA's space
shuttle program ended in 2011 but by the
next year SpaceX was ferrying cargo to
the ISS followed by orbitals inaugural
flight
13 between the two companies they've
flown more than 20 resupply missions the
cots program was more successful than we
ever imagined it could be
Maui did help NASA get cargo to the
space station reliable cost-effective
manner but it created a whole new
industry look at what we did with the
Falcon 9 we invested technical support
and money in SpaceX they have sold that
to launch satellites around the world
America's market share in that global
communication satellite launch market
pretty much fallen to zero now most half
the world's market has come back to the
United States we're doing that same
model today on lunar transportation a
perfect mixture of government and a
private sector working together to
explore space I think there will always
be that model of NASA doing the
difficult things in the dangerous stuff
and the private sector moving in behind
to help build on what NASA's done
you
you
