am I gonna have a bunch of people hating
me after this hey wake up I love it I
like the song three seconds in with the
first two courts to be honest with you I
didn't expect it to go it went I would
not direct the video in a nightclub or a
limousine with a bunch of girls
half-naked and strobe lights and people
wearing sunglasses indoors my favorite
part about is that it made me enjoy
something I typically don't gravitate
towards liking so
I would have never picked the samples
that the drums had myself the drums just
don't sound good if I was at a
restaurant that song would have been
playing I would have probably not paid
attention to it
I don't like that ah this is just not my
scene that oh I'm sorry it started out
with two words that just felt awkward to
sing something with pancakes I don't
know if I would sing a song about
pancakes personally I like this chair I
wouldn't write a song about it
reminded me a little bit musically of
get lucky that funk 4l I could not not
think about it reminded me of like old
disco celebration songs a little bit
obviously produced in a more modern way
who's it by she's still makes music Wow
uh damn something about knowing who it
is makes it funny
probably because of all the memes and
all the pranks people have played so
this one just can't be rated because
because of the internet culture ruin it
for me and it's a crazy place don't get
lost
you
you
