tonight you're gonna see across the
board people saying ice doesn't work the
way it's being abused by the president
I'm not into body shaming but when it
comes to Donald Trump I think it's okay
what can you tell me about the white
voice my friend seven fast food chains
have agreed to stop enforcing the know
poach contract clauses that kept
employees from jumping to another
franchise for better pay Washington
State's Attorney General pressed the
restaurants to make the change to avoid
a lawsuit the AG says the practice keeps
wages down and that quotes companies
must compete for workers just like they
compete for customers House Republicans
voted down an amendment to a spending
bill that would have appropriated 10
million dollars
specifically to fight gun violence
research at the Centers for Disease
Control the Republicans on the
Appropriations Committee say they don't
want to politicize the debate around the
funding measure and that the CDC is free
to study gun wounds but the CDC says it
can't do that without dedicated funds
the CEO of Puerto Rico's bankrupt Power
Company prepa resigned after less than
four months on the job
Walter Higgins is leaving over quote
politics related to his 450 thousand
dollar salaries his replacement rafael
diaz granado's is set to earn seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars
Puerto Rican politicians have pushed
back on both salaries since the island
is still recovering from Hurricane Maria
and an 11 year recession FBI agent Peter
Strahm has been public enemy number one
for president Trump and his allies in
Congress who called struck to answer
questions about his anti Trump text
messages at a raucous public area strike
team ready to defend himself in the
suggestion that I and some dark chamber
somewhere in the FBI would somehow cast
aside all of these procedures all of
these safeguards and somehow be able to
do this is astounding to me it simply
couldn't happen and the proposition that
that is going on that it might occur
anywhere in the FBI deeply corrodes what
the FBI is an American Society the
effectiveness of their mission and it is
deeply destructive
please they ship it up
the Trump administration's family
separation policy has changed the
immigration debate in America Democrats
used to strongly embrace deportations
and even physical barriers at the
southern border we should take on
illegal immigration that's why my
administration has put more boots on the
border than ever before
now they're much more skeptical of
hardline immigration policy in the past
month or so the movement known as
abolish ice which wants to do away with
the 15 year old Immigration and Customs
Enforcement Agency has gone from
something you heard about it occupy
protests to something you hear coming
out of the mouths of Democrats who
actually want to run for president I
believe you should get rid of it start
over
reimagine it and build something that
actually works today here at the House
of Representatives progressive Democrats
went a step further they introduced a
bill to literally abolish ice and
replace it with something else
the bill calls for an independent
commission to spend a year looking at
ice and figuring out a way to replace it
with a system that's not as focused on
deportations this bill will not pass not
even all the Democrats like it but it
represents a win for activists we're
trying to change the way this party
talks about immigration they're pretty
happy about it they're not the only ones
they want to get rid of this agency it's
the craziest position I've ever seen and
they are just they just keep there
tripping over themselves to move too far
to the left they're out of the
mainstream of America and that's one of
the reasons why I feel very good about
this fall so members on both sides think
that they can win on this issue I talked
to the man behind the abolish ice bill
this bill is largely symbolic right it's
not likely president trumpeting to sign
this bill into law right but what does
it represent
this is embracing where real people are
at throughout communities across the
country they understand that this agency
is being abused so is abolish ice the
right phrase the enemies is it more like
replace ice I mean in your bill
something else comes in to replace it
right so it's like we have some sort of
immigration enforcement we just don't
have that agency in specific I think a
lot of people are getting lost on the
semantics of a word
the common theme that only worries about
I mean abolishes are very clearly
defined worse so some people are like
how about replace or terminate terminate
abolish okay across the spectrum of
Democrats and I think many independents
they're saying right now the way the
agency is working it's not working and
we acknowledge that the president's
direction with this agency is gone awry
whatever word we use I don't really care
but isn't fewer deportations like your
goal with this
well absolutely just going after people
who again you know have a ticket from
decades ago or have a speeding violation
is not the intent of its you're playing
into Trump's hands right like he wants
to say Democrats want open borders and
no deportations and you're saying well
so he's gonna say that no matter what
what I can now say next time he says
Democrats want open borders because they
want to get rid of ice we can say how
much bigger of a lie could you have then
the fact ice doesn't work at the borders
that's a pretty clear statement that
shows what he's saying isn't true
without the bill you don't have that but
at this exact moment it feels like as
radical politics to say we should be
nicer to undocumented immigrants as a
country sometimes you think the
Democrats can win by saying that
sometimes I think we have to listen to
what people are saying there's a slogan
if the people lead eventually the
leaders will follow this is something
that is clearly out there in the
grassroots update it's been about seven
hours since that interview today and
already the politics of this thing have
changed radically the Republicans call
Polk hands bluff they said yeah we'll
happily bring that bill to the floor to
get Democrats on the record as wanting
to abolish ice so Polk and mobilize to
urging his fellow Democrats to vote
against his own bill and we called Polk
in for his response he said that wasn't
inconsistent because Democrats know that
Republicans are just pulling a stunt
what they don't know yet is how hard
they can go on immigration before it
backfires
nine months after the international
coalition conquered Raqqa the
self-described capital of the Islamic
state the Syrian city is still revealing
its dead more than 500 bodies lie in
this makeshift graveyard mostly of
civilians killed in the battles
crossfire
after excavating these bodies these
workers have a difficult task of
identifying them before we burying them
every day this team of civil defense
volunteers tries to remove as many
bodies as they can from rocket streets
Abdullah al-arian is a lawyer by
training a few weeks into running the
city's recovery effort with paralyzed in
an assassination attempt what was
rattling before the war jana marie de
sauver la quiaca Janahi a Medina
Muhammad ah many Navasota at the
National Joey Americas maracas Guardian
contenders are at Calallen 8 MB in a
little of Europe a little caramel
analogy in
between 70 and 80% of Rackers buildings
have been damaged or destroyed in the
fighting
according to the UN 300,000 of its
inhabitants have been displaced totally
geothermic until Herman Musab Camilla
Danni the Kurata hostage with the pork
Tobin had he Shiva curtain surface
saheba a detector carbon Buddha welcome
Colonel Allen share acquitted America
well an alum metallian little known Maya
diamond he'll Fidelia no impediment our
annual modulus Senna was Sue Ellen and
them Acadia convoluted little apart MC a
la coruna
the us-led coalition hammered rocker
with more than 4,000 airstrikes and
30,000 US marine artillery strikes in
the battle to root out entrenched Isis
fighters from the city human rights
organizations we spoke to accused the US
government of carelessness that could
amount to war crimes during the battle
but the coalition claims there is only
credible evidence that they killed 26
civilians the for reconstruction can
begin the city must be cleared of
unexploded munitions and unrecovered
bodies Yasser Alchemist heads the civil
defense team has a lien under stubborn
be alerted oh we're Jana Cooley I'm a
father I'm in a flash in our students is
the Fisher King glioma in the ruins of
an apartment block Alchemy's his team
are searching for the body of Muhammad
family killed in a coalition airstrike
hymanot Maha Maha Mohammed Meah done I
saw her home aha
why Vinita severa
I am Tasya a legit well I'm an art lover
you cherish way yet cigar hashish would
almost everyone in Raqqa has had a
family member killed or property
destroyed in the fighting Alchemist is
gruesome work aims to provide grieving
civilians a sense of closure Amara a man
achish a fully I'm an achiever we had
hawea she carves maybe she said to me
all I'm saying Amara it's a bit lethal a
bit alarm on the team are hopeful that
this is Maha but no forensic resources
available to them her family may never
know for sure
community latina allah partner mimic our
free anesthesia Alleluia mio album art
ala heavy follow birth and Perez Amenia
mood Amara be hodges's stage a Vienna
we are Wabash holla I serve up a
little a little indecision what will
happen here in Raqqa if the level of
international sport
stays at a low level it currently is
yeah neither what cofferdam alle held in
one half of and a half minute an
artificial aha yeah neeshub men Oh
sorrow and Oh Norman hedges and no
nanostick arena with a shell and I had
damn a tamale a fellow Judy melanin is a
common Italian he's sending a diamond of
a match it senator Amidala radar and
rikiya some food aid is getting through
but not enough the UN World Food
Programme says it's intentionally
restricting aid until security in racket
improves to discourage civilians in
returning too soon
but people are returning anyway
desperate to rebuild their homes and
their lives us-backed military and
police forces recruited from local
recaii arabs are in charge of keeping
order to run the city the u.s. sponsored
the creation of a local Democratic Arab
government for Raqqa and it's entirely
dependent on American support Temecula
council co-chair abet Hameed Alma Bosch
is in charge of governing the city what
will happen here in Raqqa and in
northern and eastern Syria generally if
America leads well o lesser mahalo on
our whole well er ottoman and to
Hyderabad L am very careful Wachtel hava
so far only see hub are today that cell
via a DHI haqqin haqqa jihadi Hilma nada
but the character kia bt jihad the human
otter but the Tahara facade O'Hara
Bhatia were vitally inaudible a wall
now that the battle is over the people
of rock are left wondering not just
whether the US will stay or go but
whether it's committed to the next fight
the years long effort to rebuild the
city
doli methylone or bad horrible enemy of
any kind of mood among the ads winner or
become Gerald Olin Hannibal Hodja
lazily Marshall wa lee marshall in ávila
yeah ahamill colorfully moonkin sergeant
Dan is a litter at the gentleman of
national modern medical matters not
Angelo meet Emily elect another an alum
BG jaded vanilla ravine at Ibaka and
Jill had a moment
on the second and final day of an
awkward NATO summit President Trump
claimed a big win that he'd convinced
the other members to chip in more money
he also reportedly threatened to abandon
the alliance but then by the end of the
session he seemed delighted with
interest
and now we're very happy and have a very
very powerful very very strong NATO much
stronger than it was two days ago
and before taking off for London he
offered a similarly rosy tape I think
they like me a lot in the UK I think
they agree with me on immigration the
scene when he arrived didn't exactly
bear that out
Donald Trump has wanted to come to
London since he was elected president
the fact that his first working visit
here is only happening now nearly 18
months into his term is tribute to just
how loud and effective the protest
movement here has been we're saying
there is an opposition to this but most
people in this country don't want the
scapegoating of margins they don't want
more war they don't want the kind of
racism and sexism these things would run
there are lots and lots of reasons to
oppose him so we're trying to get this
across as a political message the people
in Britain do not want Trump here he's
responsible for pretty much every ISM in
the book racism sexism mate ISM I don't
think there's a place for that in a
modern society Pitta resume the timing
of Trump's visit is terrible having
watched two of her top ministers
resigned this week over what they
considered her weak handling of brexit
negotiations with Europe may now has to
deal with Trump who mocked his arrival
by telling London's Sun newspaper that a
soft brexit will quote kill any future
bilateral trade deal with the US I
actually told to recently had to do it
but she didn't agree with she didn't
listen to me may is trying to walk a
diplomatic highway of affording Trump
the Regal welcome his ego demands while
keeping him as far away as possible from
open microphones normally a visiting US
president might be expected to address
Parliament in Westminster
but Trump will be holed up here behind
the fortified perimeter of wind
housed the official residence of the US
ambassador to the UK what may hasn't
done is closed the skies joint expanding
nipple he really doesn't like it when
food for instance people point out it's
very small hands he doesn't lie I'm not
into body shaming but when it comes to
Donald Trump I think it's okay I
sincerely up now own lives
leo Murray is at the center of the
protest movement he set out to humiliate
Trump by crowdfunding a blimp of the
President as a baby which will fly
beside the British Parliament tomorrow
Murray staged a test inflation in a
London playground well he's not going to
miss that see he's really immune to
moral outrage
so that's not an effective form of
protest you know more moral outrage it's
not gonna work
what does work on Donald Trump is being
mocked he hates that and this is how the
world sees him actually you know people
do his infantile magic absolutely magic
Trump baby could only fly with
permission from the Office of London
Mayor said he can't you'd think that
would be easy Karan and Trump can't
stand each other
last year Trump called compa thetic the
Khan said Trump wasn't welcome in the UK
getting the green light from Khan took
weeks of negotiation including the
pressure of a petition signed by 10,000
people I wanted to put like a little
like bumper sticker on his nappy and we
were gonna play a little swastika on
there but we didn't in the end right you
know asking for forgiveness is a lot
easier than eyes with a permission I
mean Christ to ask you for permission
and they don't off make it hard for you
to do this by the book I've had quite a
lot of comments from people saying that
it's not appropriate you know he's the
head of state of the world's most
powerful country and diplomatic
relationships are important for the UK
with the u.s. normal diplomatic and
rules have been suspended he's not
playing the game so he's not doing it
why the are we supposed to do it
let's just really need a job this is
telemarketing stick to the script hello
hey there this boots who's this
who speaks Sartre bother you my name is
Dexter Thomas from vice news and I was
wonderful time to talk about this about
to take a what can I have you hold
on for just a moment I promise this
won't take too long and I think somebody
worth your time okay it might be a
little more agitated so what's your
elevator pitch for this movie this is an
absurdist dark comedy with magical
realism and science fiction inspired by
the world of Telemark you want to make
some money here use your white voice my
white boards thank this young man
hey mr. Kramer this is blanks and from
regal view
what can you tell me about the white
voice my friend in the film but the
voice itself represents more of a
feeling as Danny Glover's character has
this realized that a positioning in
society a feeling one feeling at ease
and comfortable in one skin one feeling
is as if they are part of the majority
is something that is the opportunity
mostly afforded in this country to white
people do you ever wonder okay how are
white people gonna take this because
this may be the first time they've heard
I will hold the white boys I think that
white people are well aware of the white
boys because one can be white and put on
the white boys is he doesn't raise
specific and I've not been using it you
might not be getting the points that I
push I thought it was your Shakespearean
voice you sounded white homie and I'm
like wait do you mean did him speak in
English like the English names like
that's a white language I don't know I
think and in fact I've heard people in
the South who sound if you heard them on
the phone do you think that was black
even when they saying nigga in a racist
way cuz they saying nigger like yeah I
saw that nigga over there and it's like
oh you were in that conversation
I'd like to take a moment to say
boots you're a rapper you've been at it
for 25 years how does a rapper get to
make a movie was anybody trying to hear
that at first you know life is short who
wants to read a bad script and when you
come as a rapper people like yeah okay
you're a rapper you want to do a movie
you probably also want to do a shoe line
Sundance was the big thing that made it
seem like okay so what do you think
people are gonna walk away from this
movie with they're gonna walk away with
about 18 less dollars I was just
thinking but you will have thoroughly
enjoyed yourself and perhaps if you only
think being tight you may reflect but
it's not required
what proportion of the cases that you
take on our correlative 90 percent we
have great grandparents raising children
because their children and their
children's children have gotten addicted
and there's no one to take care of the
kids how long does it typically take to
stop a baby having withdrawal symptoms
up to six months sometimes even up to a
year most days you go home okay a few
days you don't
you
you
