and the 3d by printing rooms we like to
keep everything sterile when you're
using cells you don't want to
contaminate anything so gloves and then
your lab coat and so it's basically
you're just printing body parts if
that's what's going on right you want to
do the honors sure so I know that's a 3d
print a human ear
the Wake Forest Institute for
regenerative medicine is developing
methods to manufacture human tissue
using specialized 3d printers to
fabricate a range of functioning viable
body parts so here we have 3d printing
skin uh-huh so the aim of this is
basically to make printers where you
could print sheets and sheets of it and
then basically be able to transplant it
on a patient who needs it Wow we have a
couple demos set up here the first one
here is a artificial heart valve and
it's forcing fluid back and forth and
that is an artificial blood vessel it's
actually meant to be a carotid artery
like in the neck and so then the idea is
you could take out the part that isn't
working and then put this in how
different is this from like 3d printing
a trinket like the exact same concept
you take a 3d CAD file and then you
convert that into your printing code and
then you can print it the only
difference here is that we've got all
the biomaterials and your cellular
components - and where did where do the
cells come from depending on the patient
you can take a postage size stamp of
cells and then turn it into all the
different cell types of the body how do
you implant that you just sew it on Zac
suture it on and cover it up and you're
good to go
amazing
one of the major challenges in medicine
of course is not having a sufficient
number of tissues and organs that you
can use to replace in patients and so
the concept here is why not just create
them how long do you think it is until
you can print the whole body
well I remember watching the very first
Westborough movie you know I came out
into movie theaters many years ago sure
is that possible in the future you never
know
science has few boundaries
you
