on the second and final day of an
awkward NATO summit President Trump
claimed a big win that he'd convinced
the other members to chip in more money
he also reportedly threatened to abandon
the alliance but then by the end of the
session he seemed delighted with it and
now we're very happy and have a very
very powerful very very strong NATO much
stronger than it was two days ago and
before taking off for London he offered
a similarly rosy take I think they liked
me a lot in the UK I think they agree
with me on immigration the scene when he
arrived didn't exactly bear that out
Donald Trump has wanted to come to
London since he was elected president
the fact that his first working visit
here was only happening now nearly
eighteen months into his term is tribute
to just how loud and effective the
protest movement here has been we're
saying there is an opposition to this
but most people in this country don't
want the scapegoating of migrants they
don't want more war they don't want the
kind of racism and sexism losing a job
there are lots and lots of reasons to
oppose him so we're trying to get this
across as a political message the people
in Britain do not want Trump here he's
responsible for pretty much every ISM in
the book racism sexism hate ISM I don't
think there's a place for that in a
modern society
Hattori's amay the timing of Trump's
visit is terrible having watched two of
her top ministers resigned this week
over what they considered her weak
handling of brexit negotiations with
Europe may now has to deal with Trump
who marked his arrival by telling
London's Sun newspaper that a soft
brexit will quote kill any future
bilateral trade deal with the u.s. I
actually told her recently how to do it
but she didn't agree with she didn't
listen to me May's trying to walk a
diplomatic highway of a forwarding Trump
the Regal welcomed his ego demands while
keeping him as far away as possible
from open microphones normally a
visiting US president might be expected
to address Parliament in Westminster
but Trump will be holed up here behind
the fortified perimeter of Winfield
House the official residence of the US
ambassador to the UK what may hasn't
done is close disguise joint expanding
nipple he really doesn't like it when
food for instance people point out it's
very small hands he doesn't lie I'm not
into body shaming but when it comes to
Donald Trump I think it's okay I
sincerely up now own lives
leo Murray is at the center of the
protest movement he set out to humiliate
Trump by crowdfunding a blink of the
President as a baby which will fly
beside the British Parliament tomorrow
Murray staged a test inflation in a
London playground well he's not gonna
miss that see he's really immune to
moral outrage so that's not an effective
form of protest you know more moral
outrage is not gonna work
what does work on Donald Trump is being
mocked he hates that and this is how the
world sees him actually you know people
do his infantile magic absolutely magic
some baby could only fly with permission
from the office of London Mayor said he
can't you'd think that would be easy
Carn and Trump can't stand each other
last year Trump called compa thetic the
Khan said Trump wasn't welcome in the UK
getting the green light from Khan took
weeks of negotiation including the
pressure of a petition signed by 10,000
people I wanted to put like a little
like bumper sticker on his nappy and we
were gonna put little swastika on there
but we didn't in the end right you know
asking for forgiveness is a lot easier
than either the permission I mean Christ
to ask you for permission and they don't
off make it hard for you to do this by
the book I've had quite a lot of
comments from people saying that it's
not appropriate you know he's the head
of state at the world's most powerful
country and diplomatic relationships are
important for the UK with the u.s.
normal diplomatic and rules have been
suspended he's not playing the game
he's not doing it why the are we
supposed to do
you
