tonight you sort of be a temporary
parent to call these other kids yeah I
wouldn't go to your house and say I hate
that guy he's a Nazi
I definitely begged for sex
Customs and Border Patrol data leaked to
The Associated Press show that arrests
at the southern border fell 16 percent
during the first month of president
Trump's zero-tolerance policy since then
the Trump administration has reversed
course on separating families and the
judge has ordered parents and children
to be reunited but for Nemea Rivera and
her husband who were separated from
their two daughters the change comes too
late
hey same contest ah my poor fancy
chocolate are linear no se que tal estás
me como la posada de nada bad a circle
so modest in Manado he nosotros a moment
on table nada que contesta my would have
liked Oh me me me I Rivera's daughter
turned six today Bernie Mia won't be
with her to celebrate earlier this year
she and her husband decided to take
their four children to the u.s. me Mia
and two of her daughters would go first
her husband and the other children would
follow in May knee Mia was among the
first migrants arrested as part of the
Trump administration zero-tolerance
policy for two daughters 6 and 12 among
the first children separated from their
parents camote
nosotros estaba muy bien a letter
respond oh yeah estaba muy gracioso on
otro fue la sorpresa cuando ya llegamos
Miami grassy only no detuvieron Mo's
delle Border Patrol yo D her o que habia
entrado una nueva leia partir de em
Cinco DeMayo y la madre Habano her
separado los ninos de la mano he gusta
la cárcel y los ninos even para una Casa
Hogar solo no D Haren que empezar amore
or are porque no do on a separatist
Rocio
while in detention she was given two
options find a relative in the u.s. to
take her children in or reunite with
them and return to home ludus
but there was a catch the government
told her reuniting to take almost a year
Mimi as estranged father lives in North
Carolina so the girls were released to
him anemia was sent back alone cuando la
moneda so we end up arriving he doesn t
algorithmic a deity Dan que yo me rock
and make minimal asean no matter he went
Ohana went Ohana has got comprendo
yeah lending up a cannula was--let and
niobium cambiado air Alamitos como es
ahora para una Nina Casey you know Lola
yeah habla pero ESO lo si esta bien see
you landing a grand MA and a ya no puedo
hablar con Mikasa focus alright you're
ready Dora
hey the starter Easter that's the risk I
don't know not a preocupen know you're a
pork a see what your and they were ha
Bahadur our landing is a complaint
Daniel not a preocupes cacao estar bien
you can be on a recent is okay oh yeah
no quiero 7 mi mundo historic hasta
luego I know they're not forgive me
that's innocent
let me get a mocha - sir - mm into the
turkey - ie tambien a little thumb you
know Savion K by si yuan ye product one
day when Bobby Kennedy for Julio says
said Trump's family separation policy is
a real deterrent see we don't mess are
you okay you up a sudden stop well you
know no louder but now that his
daughters are thousands of miles away he
feels like he has no choice but to try
to cross himself he used to consider an
delay they are here my soul okay he know
not he's gonna throw Nene open a star
circa yeah Mucca Mucca my yo-yo American
media personally who cannot get a cave
is a mija time email puppy know having a
euro Center can obtain an option
dire circumstances int okay met Emilia
KLR de CMA who raised no porque no staff
a super vero militant dik areas damaged
look at the purpose are seat lieutenant
cometh DeNiro Network bossa nova gonna
fake a conundrum pero una población
meeting the Ansel occupy yourself
júlio césar's plan is to go in August
but with little money and no connections
it's unclear if he'll make it to his
daughters in the most time that you're
under pero me me toga me happy
Mira por por ESO de Mesilla contestar
lagana me cuando la hora de Leon us upon
the Barrow
where are you boss area
Southwest key is an operator of more
than 20 immigrant youth shelters in our
country they care for more than 5,000
kids and they're having a job fair in
this building right here we've only been
here for a few minutes and already a
member of our crew was told the media is
not welcome and to leave and since then
police have already show that Southwest
key told us they were hiring because the
number of unaccompanied minors goes up
during the summer and because the Trump
administration zero-tolerance policy has
added more children to its care the
company operates eight facilities in
Arizona we track down a few people as
they left the job fair Ezequiel Alvarez
is a nursing assistant he says his mom
was deported to Mexico a few years ago
what are you playing for today I was
applying for a youth caseworker or
anything that had to do with medical
attention for them what kinds of
questions did they ask you many
background questions they age
what's up of Education do you have are
you bilingual things like that cuz
obviously you need to be able to
communicate with these kids why did you
want to be a youth caseworker so I can
help immigrated kids I just wanted it to
give some hope and inspiration why did
you come to the job fair today I'm
looking for a job or no I've been out of
work for a whole year they told me that
are your experience so you needed a year
experience working with kids in order to
qualify for any of those decisions how
did you find out about this job posting
I actually have a relative that works
there he's been there for maybe a year
and a half what did she say about what
it's like inside the charity it's all
clean kids are giving good clothes
totally truth everything's all taken
care of over there Barbara Guerrero told
us she was hired by Southwest team he
starts this week so is there a training
period yes there's a night
they probation they train you to see if
you are fit for the job you sort of be a
temporary parent to call these other
kids yes that's why I want to do it
because I already have kids of my own I
watching the videos are you emotionally
prepared to work with these kids yes
because I feel like I'm giving back the
DC branch of a Democratic Socialist of
America notoriously confronted the
Homeland Security Secretary at dinner
and this weekend they mobilized a target
Thomas Holman who just retired as acting
director of ice okay does everyone feel
like we're on the same page but what is
happening at every location okay is
everyone wearing sunscreen dollars or
campaign is not really about like ending
family separation it's really about like
abolishing ice and like talking about
the way that ice works with all these
private companies to enrich people by
detaining and deporting migrants we want
to go through some basic safety stops
make sure today goes well and smoothly
and there are no problems police these
are obviously
amy is the only person allowed to talk
to police today who was allowed to talk
to police Supercuts all time from people
like sitting in a building and get
arrest yeah but you guys aren't even
doing that much are you gonna go knock
on his door it's like no we don't go on
his property we stay on the sidewalk we
stay on the street and I think it's
working to show that like refusing to go
along with this agenda does not mean
like violent work it's a notice about
like talking about what's actually going
on and not not letting it go by quietly
right do you get worried that you're
gonna be like that can be harassing a
dude at home on a Sunday you been
scoping this guy for a while you've been
getting so this is like every this is
like James Bond you've been like so
watching him part of this trying to
learn his routines how long they take to
set this up before an action like this
it took about 20 people to plan before
to give a lot of months yeah
there is increased security on the
target street but it is actually good
news because it means that he's probably
home marshals we need to be on the
sidewalk today it's clear that Tommy and
his allies know what they do is cruel
it's clear that they just don't care
Tommy maybe you surprised your neighbors
aren't you today I just seen hate coming
up here yelling at Tom the way they do
what is the right way to protest it's
not to go to people's house and have
their families abused like that to me
that's abuse and I think it's wrong I
don't think it should be done
I wouldn't go to your house and say I
hate that guy he's a Nazi or he's the
sort of boy that I would never do
something like I heard from somebody in
the neighborhood who knows the Homans
really well that Tom Oman's wife was in
that house and she was like really
freaked out is that good
it's unfortunate she doesn't feel good
but you want to know who feels really
bad people on the other side of the door
of an ice agent so for maybe one hour
she felt what millions of people in this
country feel every single day
there you go who watch this and they're
gonna say they're doing everything
against their own interest a lot of
liberals are gonna say that you guys are
screwing them yeah they said the same
thing when we interrupted someone's
dinner and the next day the policy
changed
tonight is celebrating the new law it is
celebrating that we finally have modern
functioning consent based legislation in
Sweden which states that anything less
than a yes in sexual situations is a no
and is illegal is rape on Sunday Sweden
joined nine of the European countries in
changing its laws to define rape as any
kind of sex without consents it's a
victory for fat ass or get it a women
led grassroots campaign launched in 2013
after a Swedish court acquitted three
men of raping a fifteen year old girl
with a wine bottle that I love that's
why was it so important to you
that's Sweden has a consent base law
because it changes where the
responsibility is everyone has the
responsibility to know better then to
not understand that someone was not for
it everyone has the responsibility to
know better than thinking it's okay to
force yourself on someone who's too
drunk to stand or who has not said yes
this time but said yes some other time
the women who got the law passed have
good reasons feel triumphant we start
this conversation on our own terms we
came to up
but when it comes to implementing the
law it's still mostly just fake there's
no requirements for a person to verbally
consensus acts leaving everything up to
interpretation which is one of the
reasons why the Swedish Bar Association
headed by an Ramberg opposed to change
what a lot of people might say is if
people are changing their approach to
sexual abuse and sexual harassment and
changing the definition of what rape is
then why shouldn't the law reflect that
what's wrong with that it's nothing
wrong with that but that is not the
problem the problem is that you have to
be convinced that the prosecuted person
has committed this crime against this
victim it has to be voluntary in every
stage of the sexual act I mean every
move you do your sexual act is about
communication between two human beings
and when the legislation now defines or
say that it has to be voluntary and it
has to be expressed it doesn't go stage
in what sense it has to be expressed so
you think it's introduced gray areas
yeah I even convinced that the course
will have huge problems with this before
rape cases can even get to the courts
there have to be arrests and Swedish
police and prosecutors are being trained
to ask different kinds of questions
during an investigation
I'm asked Estella say oh it's really
nice telling them so I'll get more
second so the mistake do you see it grow
not mask our scale parodies for
something but I said Moscow says they
are some ticketed for sex
this is the fifth girl yeah yes what do
you think the biggest challenges will be
when it comes to the law of change and
your job the Unimog for official wasn't
for over a semester in the stuff but
over after like Jim Bob Vogel grant
Sinha
I'm almost II for Peschel Nana as a boy
I remember most people not sophisticated
avahi a logical man or develop make it
italian fashion and I forgot comma
hardly what that really came to Venice
what Pharaoh's select Nomura Baron of
the sunshine Slava the mafia that's part
of the reason Fatah is going beyond them
all to try to change the way men think
about sex
Tony Halden whole twist is a fatter
board member and is hosting all-male
discussion groups throughout Sweden so
what men needs to do at first is just
calm down take a breath and just listen
you try to understand their world next
step is what is my part in this
that's basically the fundamental way to
start no this whole thing did you ever
have to come to terms with realizing oh
I have probably stepped a line when it
comes to consent preview I definitely
begged for sex I feel really ashamed of
doing this but it takes so much courage
to also be able to go there and think on
these things I think the big task ahead
is for men to just suddenly sling it so
I was thinking about their own behavior
actually that's a great starting point
I'm Debra Granik and I directed a film
called Leave No Trace which is based on
the novel my abandonment by Peter Rock
and it's a story situated in the Pacific
Northwest about a father and daughter
who live undetected in a public park on
the outskirts of Portland though fathers
veteran identity was a part of the story
that was embedded in Peter Ochs novel
and what happens after the war affects
generations to follow and then what
happens to them once they're detected
and how they fare where they go in the
suspense of how they survive it's not a
drill
after they've been extricated from this
park they're placed on a farm which
social workers believe will be very
conducive for them and offer them some
opportunities
I wondered hey in rural Oregon in this
age bracket what are some things that
happen in the countryside what are some
things that happen in semi rural America
today it turns out 4-h means that
hundreds of thousands of teenagers deal
with soft barnyard animals across our
country and I was very interested in
this subculture so a day on this
research slash writing process looks
like being forced to look at small furry
things and the teens brought out their
rabbits I saw some of the protocols I'm
writing notes I've got my little video
camera kind of up close with the rabbits
and the teens they're being tolerant it
was a hard call between the chickens and
the bunny I couldn't imagine that it
would be stirring to see a chicken
ministered to phased underneath its wing
and to see teen boys doing that they
were so determined and so gentle and so
thorough when teens are doing that I'm
all kinds of happy put your hand over
and you can feel the one it was a
pleasure to meet beekeepers in Portland
Tom the actress could be assessed about
whether she was a good candidate for
holding bees we were suited up we had
traditional being costumes on as a crew
visually we looked like slow moving
astronauts we were a little unwieldy a
little weird-looking somehow we we sign
that we come in peace and the bees had
their very trusted beekeeper near them
so she could whisper and communicate
calmly and if do you think this sounds
like hooey you had to see her and the
whole crew skeptics alike we knew she
knew what to do we have adapted the only
place we can't be seen is in this house
we can still think her own thoughts like
you said
what if the kids at school think I'm
strange because of the way we're living
it took kind of going to Portland and
talking to vets to understand how to
flesh that out to be able to put very
precise language to what it feels like
to have pts the teenage children of vets
don't get to just put it away you two
have a legacy that person who's very
dear to you is waging something inside
their mind and using a lot of their life
energy to learn how to operate back in
society after after combat same thing
that's wrong with you isn't relevant
you
you
