Customs and Border Patrol data leaked to
The Associated Press show that arrests
at the southern border fell 16 percent
during the first month of president
Trump's zero-tolerance policy since then
the Trump administration has reversed
course on separating families and the
judge has ordered parents and children
to be reunited but for Nemea Rivera and
her husband who were separated from
their two daughters the change comes too
late
hey same contest I'm a poor fancy
chocolate are linear yo se que tal estás
me como la posada inaudible decir que
somos de ciudad oh he knows otro hey Mon
intent Abenaki contestant my would have
liked for me me Mia Rivera's daughter
turned six today
Vinny Mia won't be with her to celebrate
earlier this year she and her husband
decided to take their four children to
the u.s. me Mia and two of her daughters
would go first
her husband and the other children would
follow us in May me Mia was among the
first migrants arrested as part of the
Trump administration zero-tolerance
policy for two daughters six and twelve
among the first children separated from
their parents
como esta bien allez respond oh yeah
estaba muy gracioso TRO fue la sorpresa
cuando ya llegamos a me grassy oneno
detuvieron goes dela Border Patrol yo D
Harun que habia entrado una nueva leia
partir dem Cinco DeMayo y la madre
parada de los ninos la mano he gusta la
cárcel y los ninos divan para una Casa
Hogar solo no D Heron que empezar a mu
hey or are porque no do on a separatist
row see
while in detention she was given two
options find a relative in the u.s. to
take her children in or reunite with
them and return to home do des but there
was a catch the government told her
reuniting could take almost a year
Mimi as estranged father lives in North
Carolina so the girls were released to
him anemia was sent back alone when de
la moneda subiendo partly because auntie
algorithmic a deity dad que yo me rock
and made me a malasiya no matter has
anything tell you when to Hana when
Tania has that comprendo
jelena pequeña Lawal slit and Naveen
cambiado mirela me c'mon Sabra
Haruna Nene occasionally Allah Ya Allah
pero ESO lo si esta bien see you landing
at random and ya no puedo hablar con
Mikasa focus all right you're re Dora
hey pastor Easter that's the risk I
don't know nota preocupen know you're a
4k see what your army Baja Bahadur our
landing is a complain Daniel not a
preocupes cacao estar bien
you can be on a recent is okay oh yeah
no quiero 7 mi mundo historic hasta
luego I know they're not forgive me
that's innocent
let me get up okay - sir - etana ever
been to Turkey - I eat ambien a little
thumb you know Soviet gave a night
see you on ye but one day when poppy
gimmick for Julio says said Trump's
family separation policy is a real
deterrent see Thomas are you okay yep
Assad s nobody no no no louder but now
that his daughters are thousands of
miles away he feels like he has no
choice but to try to cross himself so
just like on see that underlie they are
here my soul okay he know not his
guarantee no pero todavía cerca hyah
okay no kamae yo yo Romero a hurry a
Commedia for somebody who cannot get a
cave is Amy had a me maybe her puppy
know having a better Santa can obtain a
option dire circumstances siento que
materia KLR de si ma who raised go
porque no staff a super where all
military areas were damaged look at the
purpose her seat Lieutenant Commander on
a proposal una vaca vacation on a dream
pero una Palacio meeting the answer look
at yourself
júlio césar's plan is to go in August
but with little money and no connections
it's unclear if he'll make it to his
daughters in the most time that you're
on the pillow me me toga me happy
but for a soda no silicon this toddler
gonna make it because no lower birth
right
Juliana soup on the Barrow where are
your purse area
you
you
