tonight that means that North Korea will
completely dismantle its nuclear weapons
program down to the studs evil we're too
big just with my hands we will come
across bows we actually call him baby
Beluga the whale because he's right to
try and a lot of that trying is gonna be
successful I really believe that
President Trump has signed the right to
try act the legislation will make it
easier for terminally ill patients to
access experimental drug treatments that
don't have FDA approval we're going to
be saving tremendous numbers of lives
parkland parents have created a
political action committee to fight the
NRA and the politicians of funds in 2016
the NRA spent a little more than 19
million dollars on Federal Elections a
day after a Russian journalist was
reported shot and killed in Kiev and
Ukraine's Prime Minister blamed Russia
for it
our Cudi Bob chenko walked into a news
conference very much a lot Ukrainian
security service says it faked pub
Kinkos death to thwart a Russian
assassination plot and that their sting
has led to one arrest televangelist
Jesse Duplantis wants his donors to pay
for his next private jet but the first
thing I thought of AHA will pay for it
and then a great statement that he told
me in 1978 flooded into my mind and said
Jesse I didn't ask you to pay for it I
asked you to believe for it the disso
Falcon 7x costs 54 million dollars and
would be the fourth private plane in the
ministry's collection
North Korean vice chairman kim youngchul
has been on the american sanctions list
since 2010 today he's on American soil
to meet with Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo in New York and try to get the
Singapore summit back on track at the
center of the dispute is the definition
of a term that's crucial to both sides
view of a potential deal the concept of
denuclearization seems clear enough when
President Trump talks about it on North
Korea you said you believe in complete
denuclearization what does that mean
exactly
it means they get rid of their nukes
very simple they get rid of their nukes
easy right but it's still unclear if the
international community is an agreement
on what denuclearization actually means
here's the phrasing the administration
has been using complete and total
denuclearization permanent verifiable
and irreversible denuclearization it's
complete verifiable and irreversible
denuclearization
Alexandra Bell is an arms control expert
who spent a lot of time working on these
issues including at the State Department
during the Obama administration I asked
her what the administration's
terminology means ending any fuel cycle
capabilities the ability to make
plutonium or highly enriched uranium it
would mean closing down the test site in
a verifiable way it means making sure
the scientists who work on these
programs do not go elsewhere in the
world to help proliferate in a different
country it's a very complex problem and
it means continuous verifying monitoring
mechanisms inside the country to the
North Koreans the definition of
denuclearization is a bit more nuanced I
think they mean they will take steps to
shutter at least the forward progress of
their nuclear weapons program in
exchange for security guarantees and
perhaps economic guarantees but the
security guarantees first and foremost
they want to make sure that North Korea
stays North Korea so when Kim jong-un
supposedly said when he visited China
that he the issue of denuclearization of
the Korean Peninsula can be resolved is
he including the United States in that
yes I believe that is their perspective
of course we don't have nuclear weapons
and South Korea and haven't had for many
years but we do guarantee their security
via our nuclear deterrent so I think
they would want at least some guarantees
on that front and and that's why and
it's not something I think the United
States is willing to trade so that's why
you're negotiating you're gonna get to a
middle point even just trying to get an
answer to an agreed on definition of
denuclearization is complicated this
small part of the conversation is why so
many experts have side-eyed how these
talks with North Korea are playing out
because from the outside it looks like
even the basics of diplomacy haven't
been done yet you have State Department
employees who do nothing but piece apart
this language and try to get every
possible nuance of an understanding so
we don't make an agreement that we end
up not actually having a similar idea of
what we just agreed to that's why it's
so important to to make sure that the
State Department the rank-and-file
Foreign Service officers and civil
servants who do this this is all they do
are empowered in this process it's the
only way it's going to succeed
Jochen ovando Landry and Olivia
commentator well good were younger para
winner okay buddy even though there are
no headstones hundreds of people are
buried here this is the gravesite
you see those small heaps of sin that
this are actually graves if we were to
dig just with my hand we will come
across poles this land became a
makeshift grave yard when Namibia was a
German colony the burial was done by
German soldiers there was no proper
burial no respect whatsoever to the dead
from 1904 to 1908 after a German General
issued an extermination order soldiers
killed an estimated 100,000 people from
two ethnic groups the Herero and nama
many survivors fled but Germany through
the rest in concentration camps
previewing techniques later used in the
Holocaust to the sea thirty thousand
people were kept here many of my family
members were held in concentration camps
the killings Shrunk the Herero and nama
from some of the biggest groups in
Namibia to two of the smallest many
historians consider it the first
genocide of the 20th century this one is
locked a street in a street that says -
- to slaughter to kill
after the war all those areas that we
occupied they were confiscated by Jared
most of these areas they are owned by
white settlers if I may put it the
Herero and nama filed a class action
lawsuit against Germany in New York last
year using an eighteenth-century statute
that allows non-americans to sue in US
courts over human rights violations
since then they've been visiting their
ancestors to pray for success in Ghana
young but the herreros ancestors are
buried next to German soldiers it has
been written there in German the
so-called heroes because they they
killed our grandmothers and fathers we
hope to get an apology for all from the
Germans they also want reparations money
they could use to buy back land still
held by namibians of German descent
today white namibians make up 6 percent
of the population but they own nearly
60% of the country's private land and
don't want to give it up and from
Namibia born and raised they want
Finland
sorry but that's that's really that's
just I mean it's not even there if they
wanted their land then they should have
done something hundred years ago and as
you say that the land originally even
belonged to them for all we know there
were people before them there who they
took the land from so the German
government declined multiple requests
for comment but it's publicly refused to
call what it did to the tribes a
genocide and in court filings Germany
argues the class-action lawsuit is
illegitimate because it was filed in the
u.s. other bygone colonial powers like
the UK and France are watching Annamma
and Herrera wind could set a legal
precedent opening the floodgates for
former colonies to sue over the
historical record difficult for others
over the last two years Berlin has sent
a hundred and fifty million dollars in
aid to window and Germany's ambassador
has touted the fact that it gives more
money per capita to Namibia than to any
other country
people from the Herero diaspora gathered
at a recent hearing in Manhattan I'm to
Germany faces us and addresses our
legitimate complaint any kind of
agreement will not obliterate our lawful
claims the struggle will simply continue
their lawyer helped American Jews get
reparations from Germany after the
Holocaust
I really don't buy the floodgates
argument the fact pattern is is so
clear-cut you have a written
extermination order there's really no
defense that well you know we were just
putting down an uprising and maybe we
were a little excessive but it wasn't a
genocide here you have a written policy
it's it's the only written policy of
extermination that I'm aware of I don't
know of a stronger cases
oil workers at Brazil state-run
Petrobras went on strike today in spite
of a Supreme Court ruling yesterday that
the work stoppage would be illegal the
Petrobras workers are taking a page from
truckers whose own ten-day strike has
paralyzed commerce and the
transportation of food and medicine
throughout Brazil both groups are mad
about fuel prices which were set by the
government up until 2016
now those prices are tied to the market
a populist ontake son communist coup
Heston son PSO eskimos trabajadores
notice categories sake no amazon
movimiento discrimination baramos
mailers brazilian even though the strike
has cost brazilians access to basic
goods many of them seem to be on the
trucker side joining in protest against
corruption and economic reforms under
president Michel temer but tempers in a
tough spot trying to nurse Brazil's
economy back to health after came out of
a recession last year the government
spending is still too high to be enough
to stabilize public debt most people are
still not realizing that subsidy has to
be paid by the rest of the population
the government is not totally capable of
explaining this temer tried to pacify
the drivers on Sunday by offering to
drop the price of diesel for the next
two months that'll cost the government
2.6 billion dollars this year alone but
a lot of the drivers still are back on
the road and some strikers have even
said they want a military takeover a
throwback to Brazil's autocracy days
genetics 101 is basically this you've
got a mother and a father and half of
the genetic material from the father and
half of the genetic material from the
mother go into each one of these
children the basics of human genetics
are pretty simple the consequences of a
person's genetic code are more complex
almost every human being is carrying one
two or three markers for disease dr.
Robert Greene is leading a study called
baby seek funded by NIH that maps out
newborn babies gene sequences including
markers for potentially serious health
conditions now about two or three or
maybe even five percent of families are
going to discover that their baby has a
scary risk marker and this might be a
cancer producing gene it might be a
cardiac abnormality or even a mutation
in a gene that produces sudden cardiac
death so that would be a very scary
thing for the family to find out and
that's the second thing that babies seek
is studying what happens to parents when
they do find out what the implications
are for the parents behavior and for the
baby's health most parents approached by
baby seek just don't want to know but
Katherine and Jason Conquest decided
they did
he was eight pounds yes I about to
cheekbones rebels yeah so he was a big
guy yeah you were big we actually call
him baby Beluga the whale because he's
we looked at the study as you know a
chance to know something ahead of time
you know if you look at it that way it's
just a way of using science to try to
get an early indicator on what is going
well or not well and to try to stay
ahead of that curve and I know we didn't
really have to think too much about it
no I mean it really surprised me when
they told us that a lot of people don't
want to do it they said a lot of people
think it's too personal and I get that
but it's also data and information and
why wouldn't you want to collect as much
as possible on your own kid I think some
folks get worried about just having
their child's information out there like
do insurance companies employers somehow
use that against them I think my biggest
fear is that if we learned about
something that was really major or we
found a bunch of different markers that
were negative we have been talking about
expanding our family more and I'm
nervous that we would not want to have
more kids because of that
we hadn't really talked about the
negative side of it but you know we had
his doctor's appointment last week and
we didn't say hey what if if there is a
what if that's out there anyway whether
they tell us or not so it just goes back
to I'd rather know early there are a lot
of people who question whether this
information is a good thing for families
to learn and they question this because
the information could send you down a
diagnostic pathway that you might not
want to go down that might be harmful to
the baby or it simply might put a
psychological burden on the entire
family for a disease that might never
occur the medical system has to change
everybody recognizes that we are a
reactive medical system we are actually
a sick care system rather than a health
care system and we all have this dream
that we want to change the system so
that we are predicting and preventing
diseases one of the ways to get to that
is by leveraging genomic information
the worst thing that happens is we get
awesome early detection on something
that could be scary that now we have a
better chance to fight that's the worst
case scenario so we're going to take you
down to you from your room fine view the
last room on the right thank you guys so
much for coming in today this is really
kind of our last wheel visit for the
study this is kind of it will be colored
to school for visit just to kind of put
you at ease a little bit we didn't find
any type of health risks for brain I was
like I'm starting to get nervous I'm
really trying to get nervous like
shaking because I it's just a nice
feeling to know that he's gonna be
healthy I think that's a leg up on
everybody else that may have things that
could have been detected and they didn't
look for
German filmmaker vim vendor's is the
Pope of what used to be called art house
cinema his slow ruminative slow lushly
shot ruminations on plays and identity
or canonical films to the sword of the
late 20th century movie goer whose
favorite shelf at blockbuster was
foreign with subtitles so it's fitting
he would be tapped to film a documentary
on the man in charge of actual
canonisation boy I say that the actual
Pope of the Catholic Church the Roman
Catholic Church so the the papacy
reached out to you you told me how did
they just send you an email they send a
letter oh it was more old-fashioned okay
great letterhead
did they explain why they reached out to
you specifically or was it did the did
the Pope actually have like a say in
that did he do you know why you were
asked the Pope doesn't know much about
well it's the first thing when we first
met was that he put his hand on my
shoulder and said I heard a lot of good
things about you but you must know I
don't know any of your thumbs actually I
got no movies when I was young yes I saw
some but there's long ago ins I don't
have the time anymore
although he shot for over two years
vendors was only given direct one-on-one
access to the pontiff four times which
he filmed via Errol Morris's antara Tron
a device which allows a director to
interview their subject while preserving
the eye line with the camera so it's
like the Pope is making eye contact with
everybody who watches the film did it
make you anxious to ask about like the
child abuse issues in the church yes I
knew I had to ask he got upset like for
no other question not at my question but
he it was something that really was
tormenting him and you realized he
really would love to do so much more and
right away una hora que no se toca
Latika que non Shia journa Canon cerca
de Miguel RC a one quarter point Fermo
he couldn't do it on his own he needed
the institution to move and and
everybody to follow his direction
while the film a initially strikes some
is a flop job especially given that
honker of a title upon viewing it really
feels like a genuine and earnest
documentary Yenta Sascha
une eglise yeah k Bunga sweat bonanza
and Larry kisser
this was noised eyes she and her in a
stock buy an earnest director about an
earnest Pope who is in fact a man of his
word
the difficult thing was that there were
no parameters yeah and that I could
really invent what I thought they could
do so out of a sudden I realized there
was really responsibility attached to it
and in the end I only had my wife to
talk to that's what it breaks down to
your Sleepless in the middle of you
night you think do I do the right thing
I have nobody else to ask and she says
something very beautiful one night she
said just look at it as if you had been
rehearsing for 50 years
you
you
