tonight did you experience sexism during
this campaign just take the number of
cases where Justice Kennedy has joined
with the Liberals all those will shift
from liberal to conservative I just had
a new t-shirt in the mail Wow it's like
it was made just for me the man accused
of plowing a car through anti white
nationalist protesters in
Charlottesville last year killing
Heather Haier has been charged with a
hate crime a federal grand jury indicted
James Alex fields jr. on 30 counts
including racially motivated violence
Heather hires death was a tragedy she
wasn't looking for a fight she was
looking to lend her voice to her cause
peaceful protests is every American's
birthright the leaders of South Sudan's
rival factions have signed a peace deal
to end the four-year civil war that's
led to the deaths of tens of thousands
of people and driven around four million
from their homes President Salva Kiir
and his former vice president Riek
Machar have made similar agreements in
the past that failed to stop the
fighting the white pennsylvania police
officer who just hours after being sworn
in shot and killed an unarmed black
teenager is facing life in prison
Michael Roz Feld has been charged with
the criminal homicide of Antwan Burrows
jr. after giving conflicting statements
to police as to whether he thought Rose
jr. was carrying a gun his lawyer says
Ross Feld was in a dangerous situation
and had the right to shoot French
butchers are demanding protection from
vegans in a letter to the French
interior ministry the French Federation
of butchers called fake blood sprayed on
storefronts by vegan activists quote
neither more nor less than a form of
terrorism and condemned media exposure
of the vegan way of life
the office of the inspector general at
the Department of Health and Human
Services says it's launching a
nationwide review of shelters that house
migrant children the Inspector General's
Office says that what investigators have
seen at some facilities so far prompted
them to launch a wider inspection and a
spokeswoman says they're specifically
checking employees background screenings
and making sure physical and sexual
abuse is being reported the
investigation will look at shelters that
house all of the nearly 12,000 migrant
children under the care of Health and
Human Services including kids taken from
their parents HHS has custody of about
2,000 migrant children who've been
separated from their families as a
result of the Trump administration's
zero-tolerance immigration policy
government officials haven't been able
to answer many questions about how those
children are being cared for
but yesterday HHS Secretary Alex azar
told a congressional committee that
children in custody have the right to
make phone calls to family members we
want every child and every parent to be
in communication at least twice a week
so that they're talking by Skype or by
phone immigration attorneys and
advocates have told us that in reality
those phone calls aren't always
happening on a regular basis but vice
news obtained a recording of a phone
call between a seven-year-old boy from
Guatemala and his mother the
seven-year-old boy is in an office of
refugee resettlement shelter in Arizona
he crossed the border with his father
who is now detained in a Texas detention
facility and his mother and younger
brother remain in Guatemala last night
the boy spoke to his mother on the
telephone yes Alex Ando para la cancion
no no pod√≠a no di leva no no no Sarah bu
oh hey Maggie keep going on how to learn
we're liable yes being wrongfully blame
your successful in cutting Oralia vo the
silica gel you get a knock knock knock
take a photo
uncle payroll would be your ba-ba-ba-ba
no space o salafi no no get how a just a
welcome to popper como income Osama be
naive Mia que el gobierno wealthy deep
he wanna copy Hussein's nothing loss
distress a gap of heat Okada pockets
together to pop ice the buzzes well
Travis a bonus hey hey no tengas miedo
Java has olivier de Vaca salir knocked
away without hola vom saal burov
entradas no tengami automotive a pasar
nada e je t'aime society pop ie without
the mucho you know your red peppers at a
really high in the water bomb
this was only the second time the
seven-year-old boy has been able to have
a conversation with his mother since it
was separated from his father almost a
month ago he still has not been able to
speak with his father people in seven
states voted yesterday and it was a good
night for president Trump to candidates
he endorsed South Carolina Governor
Henry McMaster in New York Congressman
Dan Donovan won their primary races a
Republican he likes far less Mitt Romney
also secured a Senate nomination in Utah
on the Democratic side Colorado could
have the country's first openly gay
governor after jared Polis won the
primary there and in Maryland a former
n-double-a-cp president who campaigned
with Bernie Sanders Vangelis could now
become the state's first black governor
but the biggest upset came in New York
City where Alexandria Ocasio Cortes
appeared to surprise even herself by
unseating 10 term representative Joe
Crowley a fixture in Congress who seemed
like he was next in line for House
Democratic leader and possibly Speaker
Ocasio Cortez a 28 year old without a
conventional politicians resume
campaigned as a Democrat but she's
closely tied to the Democratic Socialist
Movement and ran on a leftist platform
medicare-for-all a federal jobs
guarantee free tuition at public
colleges and abolishing ice Ocasio
Cortez organized for Bernie Sanders and
once worked for Senator Ted Kennedy but
her most important qualification is that
she's not part of the establishment this
brought you out you won this surprise
upset what made you do this
well I knew that we could be better
you in my backyard I'm an organizer here
I'm an educator here I've worked with
families here I understand the economic
crises that people are facing in New
York City we can't afford to live in the
neighborhoods that our families have
called home for generations and
including your own family including my
own family and I knew that so many
people were kind of thirsty for
representation that was really fierce in
its advocacy for working-class Americans
all these news stories say you're a
socialist a Democratic Socialist a
member of the TSA of democratic
socialism America are you a Democrat
yeah I'm a Democrat in fact I started
off this race as part of a coalition
just as Democrats they're kind of scared
of you aren't they I don't know I've
been impressed all day can I tell you
something someone said you might not
have heard it clear McCaskill right you
know Claire McCaskill but she said you
know I'm a centrist and a proud centrist
and what we have to do as Democrats
especially in this in this environment
right now is to compromise she was
suggesting in a way that you're not
gonna compromise
well the question is compromise what I
don't compromise my values but I'm
certainly willing to compromise to get
things done you know if I have to make
compromises to improve in the direction
of improving our health care I'm happy
to if have to make compromises in terms
of improving our educational system I'm
happy to do those things but I will not
compromise on a vision and I will not
compromise on the goal and I think I
will not and I will not compromise on on
the future that I think is best for this
country I've seen on Twitter quite a bit
talking about misogyny being a problem
within within the party in which the
news and politics in general did you
experience sexism during this campaign
I mean the New York City political
establishment Congress it's 80% male
that's not an accident you know it's not
like women just decided oh I'm gonna
give up all my power you guys go do it
mean come on why do you think I mean
you've been out there you know you were
down at the border recently tell me what
you saw there and tell me how you think
it can be solved I mean this seems to be
an intractable problem
first of all immigration is not a
problem and one of the really serious
issues is that that narrative and that
mythology has really just been hijacked
and perpetuated in the United States the
idea that immigration is somehow a
negative thing you know my my
congressional district included we're
half immigrant and people are so proud
to be part of a community like that
because it's awesome it's awesome it
really is awesome like love immigrants
they're awesome people changing in DC
how do you how do you remain a
principled kind of social justice
democratic socialist when you're in
Congress this can be a process of
evolution it doesn't have to be a
process of bitter confrontation I can go
to DC as I am and we can with my
perspective and we can get things
it is possible and what I hope most most
of all is that you know after today is
that between now and November that I
helped elect a caucus of non corporate
Democrats we can do this
this is absolutely within our reach
liberals just want to believe that it
couldn't happen they were hoping Anthony
Kennedy the justice who embodies the
ideas of impartiality inquisitiveness
and intellectual rigor wouldn't let
Donald Trump who doesn't select his
replacement
but mrs. sync letter sent to the White
House today Kennedy announced he would
step down after a 30-year career on the
Supreme Court it's a huge deal and court
watchers are freaking out the
consequences for the Constitution and
the country could not be higher the
retirement of Justice Kennedy will
transform the court in ways that we have
not seen in more than 30 years and it
will be remarkable to see the political
firestorm that's about to erupt most
people can't name all the dream Court
justices or even a few of them but those
nine people have incredible power over
American politics just in the final week
of the most recent term they decided on
four big cases that fell along
predictably ideological lines the course
of the voting districts in Texas hadn't
been drawn to discriminate against
minorities they gave Trump a win on the
travel ban case and they said states
can't force anti-abortion pregnancy
centers that advertises health clinics
they let women know that abortions are
even available and today the justices
dealt a major blow to labor unions in
all four of those cases Justice Kennedy
who was appointed by President Reagan
sided with the Conservatives
Constitution of the United States but
what made him a legend was his
unpredictable swing votes that he would
cast at key moments in 2005 he tipped
the court towards declaring it
unconstitutional to sentence someone
under the age of 18 to death in the 2015
landmark same-sex marriage case Kennedy
sided with the Liberals on the court and
wrote the now-famous opinion which
included these words about gay couples
their hope is not to be condemned to
live in loneliness excluded from one of
Civilizations oldest institutions they
asked for equal dignity in the eyes of
the law the Constitution grants them
that right
with Kennedy hanging up his robe the
will he or won't he surprised is gone
and a new reality is here to stay just
take the number of cases where Justice
Kennedy has joined with the Liberals Roe
marriage equality even affirmative
action all those will shift from liberal
to conservative not a lot of huge
effects on the country with the election
of November looming president Trump and
the Republicans in the Senate are gonna
have to work fast to replace Kennedy we
will begin our search for a new Justice
of the United States Supreme Court that
will begin immediately it's likely that
by the end of the year a new youngest
justice will be installed on the court
and will stay there for decades which
means that Trump's most lasting
achievement
might be the work he did to move the
high court to the right on Sunday
Mexicans will choose their next
president and a long list of local
officials the top issue dividing voters
is how to clean up political corruption
and drug violence but one town in
Michoacan has cut itself off banishing
the national political system and they
hope the problems that come with it
the armed men and women who guard every
entrance to Jeddah are looking for
strangers with contraband at the height
of election season that means mostly
political campaign ads ads like these
and the political parties that produce
them are completely banned in this town
of 20,000 it's been that way since 2011
when the population kicked out an
organized crime syndicate along with
every top and politician in town say
expulso a los polic√≠as de ese momento
por que hicimos cuenta que estaban
collude Eidos con el Krim n steady
sakuni den a la polic√≠a que ellos ayudan
a cha Mucha gente un primer momento de
non CI a-- anuncio qual caribou so pero
a little on carpet as we know is here
now the criminals main business was
illegal logging they had cleared nearly
70% of the forests surrounding Jaden
which the people depended on for
survival i wailed gotta see his father
was once part of a community group that
patrolled the forests Telesis for Baba
El Elyon appeared readin and support
Appa Rao's conscious tuvieron que llegar
a la sus compa√±eros no filmistaan so
Tros me familias you know forum s
familias case result our own affected
'as poor part a criminal organization
Otto's policy own s extortion violation
on esta mujer es todo esto Quay
contribuyente para que tomar la decisi√≥n
de cheap thumbs up on eronel
co-education Garcia now works in the old
police station
well not assume
- yeah he's part of a democratically
elected council that oversees law
enforcement that includes an autonomous
militia that now patrols Chanin where
there have been nine murders in seven
years a tiny number for me track on one
of the states that suffered most in the
recent drug wars coppola Hinton o su
Rica the interior maintain premium
polic√≠a sierra de luz de otros estados
pueblos conscious novella I mean my
confianza please liya Orono cual es el
peor tipo de crimen ustedes in Quinton
Horita cyclamen is no bikini invent Roda
de la comunidad no pasa de este de una
Linea
this is No Mas No Mas grab a marina they
continuously canteen the Akai Hara
Mexico has had to recognize cheiron's
autonomous police because the
Constitution allows indigenous
communities some independence that goes
for their political system - which has
no mayor or other executives instead
decisions are made by assemblance
beginning with about 200 neighbourhood
bonfires
every three years one person from each
bonfire runs for a seat on a 12-member
ruling council in esta escoba
this year porque deceased a to postal
art a former Part L a new administration
aqui entraron en nuestro sistema de de
gobierno no te pastelon sino que los
vecinos a Travis de tu p√¥ gotta so knows
Kate a deepest Allah to snow few
decision - yeah individual primera meant
a no no estaba en tre miss plan s yo soy
profesora never Citterio a quien el
instituto tecnol√≥gico sparrow / a Pecha
Quon le fran√ßais endo salario la cuarta
parte pr√°cticamente can s la cuarta part
apart a massage with you some golden
arrow que si Claro que si it opci√≥n para
de llegar Desiree so beyond no be up
soon
after that a General Assembly made up of
every active resident elected to the
Council of twelve people vote by simply
lining up in front of their chosen
candidate no I frauds porque el agua
clara meant a tiempo el que como lo m√°s
gente en sus feliz no se permit a las
compa√±√≠as por que las compa√±√≠as de
preston mucho ah a como yo man a homie
lenguaje Cena viento bueno discourses
for all its political independence Jaden
still relies economically on the
existing state and like most of rural
Mexico which suffers from high poverty
and unemployment esta bien que tenga mo
Nostrum o de lo que si muy romantico
pero si no see no ayuda para Vienna
maker are low niveles de vida de la
comunidad a general no cero ay de nada
yet chillin stains is proof of one thing
that in Mexico cycle of violence the key
ingredient is the state remove that
ingredient and it's possible to start
from scratch
booyaka de bajo that undo the implement
our own project to the steam dome
projector on the podamos guarantee sorry
la ciudad mr. painted yellow
I just got a new t-shirt in the mail hey
I'm here to pick up a package okay Wow
it's like it was made just for me what
an honor well it turns out it was made
just for me or more accurately it was
made just for the tiny swath of people
with the same two aggregative Oh
Facebook data points is me Facebook's
not just changing the course of American
presidential history it's also being
used by t-shirt companies to make very
customized very targeted and very corny
t-shirts son Frank calm is one of the
handful of companies that print these
shirts to order for third-party sellers
in our peak season we were getting three
to four hundred thousand uploads a day
the power sellers are almost completely
automated they use scripts and teams to
generate these different designs and
then repeat them across however many
names however many years to throw a
really wide net let's say you're a mom
in Texas who was born in August and has
a dog an advertiser could set up an ad
for a shirt that is tailored for those
moms and pay facebook to make sure it's
only shown to those moms so they would
start with several different campaigns
one being for dog one getting for cattle
and being for bird one being for horse
whatever and as they see those campaigns
start to perform or outperform the
others then they dissect into okay so if
the dogs are doing really well that's
actually break that down and lift out
you know Dobermans pit bulls Labs
retrievers and then they do designs
based on those and as they get more
specific the conversions get higher by
the time your that specific about it
you only had to advertise very little to
get those sales
at first people may have sincerely
enjoyed having a shirt that expresses
what they share on Facebook but now the
Internet has taken notice there's an
entire subreddit dedicated to making fun
of the most cringe-worthy examples and
of course redditors have begun taking
the idea to its logical extreme by
trying to out ugly data shirt the ugly
data shirt makers Facebook talks a lot
about how it enables small businesses
and they're right this is just another
way the company has enabled other people
to make money off your data welcome to
dad opinions starring John Darnielle the
dude from the mountain coats yeah
get out of town it's really good this
automatically has my respect because the
first thing we've heard that has a major
7 in at any place and I am major 7 sore
where I live it reminded me of one of
the five best bands of the 70s who don't
get enough play which is a man called
war they did lowrider every album of
theirs has a real cinematic feel who is
it Komachi washington oh of course it is
the savior of jazz right if you haven't
heard of a who's going on jazz you've
still heard of camasta washington right
that's super nice I mean maybe you get
vocal exhaustion after a while you've
been listen to people sing for so long
and you sort of reach a point of
saturation with that so when no vocals
came in I'm gonna be like cool you have
something to say musically who is it so
less oh so wack so they've been around
forever I enjoyed it
so I'm really susceptible to that hook
because he's talking about having
arrived at success from not having been
successful it's a common in popular
lyric for a reason but then he used the
phrase manifest destiny a manifest
destiny refers to a racist doctrine if
we're gonna redeploy that phrase we were
be pretty diligent but it's like that
gave me significant pause I'm getting
the snare wrong
yeah so there's a lot of 90s stuff going
on there there were a lot of rock bands
trying to incorporate new approaches to
making music like sampling stuff over
live riffing kind of interesting
I know Trent Reznor to be a very engaged
musician who wants to stay current to me
that's the mark of a good musician the
one who's refusing to trade on past
glories I can do a pretty good head like
a whole is anybody it needs me at their
wedding I can I'm the guy to hit up
forehead like a whole thank you
you
you
