fifteen year old Peter Chang loves to
gamble first the money inside
Norwich and priests that it's illegal
for anyone under 18 to gamble in Kenya
the kids have easy access to these
machines in neighborhood convenience
tools and the games seem designed to
appeal to them - do you play on these
machines do you how much do you spend
when you come here how much do you
usually win once
1,000 yeah Kenya is now the third
biggest betting market in Africa in
major cities people use smart phones to
try their luck but in the countryside
slot machines are more permanent and
school administrators say some students
are using their lunch money to gamble
and their work is suffering who is an
expert in this class so does your father
play as he stopped you from playing yes
he stopped you why and you were making
good money
it's like a cancer that is really eating
up our society especially the youth when
they wake up in the morning they start
betting so the only thing they think of
is how they can make quick money through
betting do you think that children are
becoming addicted to it of course
they're half of Kenya's kids are born
into poverty and 58 percent dropout
before their final high school exams do
you think that Kenya has a gambling
problem
yes Kenya has a gambling problem and the
government is taking action to deal with
it what's the problem the problem is
we've had a preferred proliferation of
illegal gambling machines coming mainly
from China
those Chinese companies take 80 percent
of the profit from slots pulling money
out of Kenya and giving the government
another reason to crackdown the Ministry
of Interior banned importing slot
machines from China last month and it's
going around the country staging
bonfires to send a message the
government has been trying to fight this
problem for years
but local governments don't always
follow along there seems to be a
disconnect between national law
forbidding these machines deeming them
illegal and counties that are giving out
licenses for people to actually have
machines legally in their shops that
confusion that is there is what has
actually enabled an environment now for
merchants for much under different
criminals to take advantage I mean they
it becomes very difficult to manage that
and that is well now the country
governments are the ones who are letting
us down by licensing those kind of
things in these places national law
enforcement officers are charged with
seizing slot machines slot machines and
games she then comes in so if you
confiscate the machines and give them to
the county country you say that I've got
a license very good kind of thing they
can say but we don't lay we don't want
to do national we don't want to tell but
if the county needs them because they
are getting money from me the licenses
that's one of the reasons these raids
are hardly effective how many of these
have you done before one I did donate
one we sent to Dallas the police station
I don't know what happened but I think I
saw them but no the next day in the
evening evening immediately and these
ones are hard to take out they are brain
away
the currency esteem managed to get the
machines out of the shop but then they
drop them off to the district County
Commissioners Office the very same
office that issued the licenses to DES
talk with Anika's isn't tell me where
the machines
what do you propose the solution today I
propose that if people must gamble then
let it be left for the others they can
have those machines in the pubs and at
least the children should be stopped
from accessing these machines there has
to be some rules and regulations that
govern it something really needs to be
done and pretty fast
you
