China imports more recyclable goods than
any other country but earlier this year
China stopped accepting a long list of
imported plastic and paper waste and
implemented much stricter guidelines for
what it was willing to take in that
dramatic shift in policy is coming out
of a national campaign to reduce the
country's carbon footprint but it's also
a signal that China won't settle for
being the trash collector for the rest
of the world
we're gonna go to our single-stream
recycling facility which has been the
most impact by the by the waistband to
China and that's over on the far and it
is on the far right yep all right let's
go okay PJ Harvey's family has been in
the garbage business
for more than a century they sort
recyclables squeeze them into cubes and
then under normal circumstances southern
the companies that turn the paper and
plastic into all kinds of industrial
products
well percentage of the stuff that is
processed here ends up going overseas
probably half of the recycling that we
do what percentage of that goes to China
oh it was probably like ninety yeah
typically there might be a few dozen
one-ton cube sitting around but now
Harvey's got thousands of them
we usually have inventory that sits for
a couple days and then moves out this
has been sitting for a couple months
it's just a monstrosity amount of amount
of inventory that we're sitting on the
pile up started back in January when
China banned the import of 24 different
types of paper and plastic including
things like reusable water bottles China
also changed its requirements for the
recyclables it still accepts it only
wants higher grade clean stuff that's
almost perfectly sorted the rate that
China is now mandating is 0.5%
contamination is that is that even
possible in my opinion it's not we never
thought it would come to the point that
it's comes to we wouldn't put all the
infrastructure and money into into the
facility if you had it stuff still
coming in faster than you can get it out
yeah right now how much has it affected
your business Millions
I mean it's a big number Harvey isn't
alone shipments of American recyclables
to China we're down by 36% through April
of this year waste dive an industry
publication estimates that drop-off has
impacted recycling programs in at least
27 states don't get me started we're
offering him to everybody but there's
that's the challenge
Jonathan Sloan is a broker he buys
recyclables from people like Harvey and
then sends them to countries around the
world in China's new policy has made
that work a lot harder I've seen lots of
bad markets in the 30 years I've been
doing this but I've never seen anything
like this it's had a dramatic impact on
the entire industry east to west north
to south what's changed in the
marketplace as a result of this decision
price has been dramatically reduced on
things like mix paper two years ago
getting seventy five eighty five dollars
a ton for your mix paper to being
charged in a lot of cases to take it
away see if the pay now for someone to
take something they use used to get paid
hey you for right that has totally
upended the economics a lot of recycling
programs us recyclers haven't just had
to take whatever price they can get
they've also had to scramble to find new
buyers in the first four months of the
year recyclable paper and plastic
exports to India Indonesia Taiwan and
Vietnam have all more than doubled with
all this material going to ports that it
wasn't going to before how is it
affecting those ports I mean are these
countries able to accept that much stuff
we've seen just over the last week or so
Vietnam enact restrictions because they
just don't physically have the capacity
to handle all those containers that have
come into those ports if China doesn't
come back if we can't find places to
send our recyclable waste what happens I
think the worst case scenario is
programs stop anyway stop recycling
that's sort of the worst case scenario
at the moment some states are already
giving companies waivers to throw out
recyclables it's happening in more than
a dozen states including Massachusetts
for more than four thousand tons of
paper and plastic recyclables and more
than ten thousand tons of glass have
been sent to landfills and you gotten
waivers to grow any of this stuff out no
have you thought about applying for them
at some point if we're forced into it
maybe I don't think that will come I
hope it doesn't but there's no secret I
mean we need China no question
China isn't the first developing country
to leave these bottom-feeder businesses
behind and it won't be the last which is
a good thing for the global economy but
it will continue to have huge
ramifications for how we live on this
planet recycling is not as easy as
people think today you know you throw it
into this big bin and you know magically
turns into something that's super
valuable and now people can see like ok
this is what happens when you rely on
another country and they decide that
they don't want your stuff
you
