pour one out for the worldwide web
because net neutrality dies today
now that the FCC is repeal is come into
effect the concept of a free and open
Internet will soon be a distant memory
unless you live in Oregon Washington or
Vermont they've already passed their own
versions of net neutrality legislation
even though the FCC's repeal order says
states aren't allowed to make their own
net neutrality laws but if you live
anywhere else in the US then get ready
to forget about net neutrality unless
you live in Washington DC or any of the
32 states that also seem to be ignoring
the FCC's wishes and I proposed their
own net neutrality legislation South
Dakota Nebraska Kansas Minnesota Iowa
Missouri Wisconsin Illinois Michigan
Ohio Kentucky Tennessee Massachusetts
New York Rhode Island Connecticut New
Jersey Pennsylvania Delaware Maryland
West Virginia Virginia North Carolina
South Carolina Georgia Montana Colorado
New Mexico Idaho California Alaska and
Hawaii but outside of those 32 states
and DC and Oregon and Washington and
Vermont net neutrality is about to be
very much a ghost of internet's past
unless you live in any of the 123 cities
where mayors have said that Internet
service providers contracting with their
cities will still have to adhere to net
neutrality rules but if you don't live
in any of those 123 cities or any of the
32 states or DC working on their own net
neutrality legislation all the three
states had already have then as far as
your concerns net neutrality is well and
truly dead unless a federal lawsuit is
successful 23 attorneys general and
about a dozen private groups including
Mozilla kickstart on the open Technology
Institute are arguing the FCC didn't
have the right to appeal the 2015 rules
in the first place but if the federal
lawsuit isn't successful and you don't
live in one of the hundred twenty-three
cities or 35 states or DC that all hope
for net neutrality is sadly lost
so while net neutrality may be
officially repealed today we're not
attending its funeral instead we're
entering a bold new era
net purgatory
you
