I follow the marshals
ladies and gentleman let me ask you to
stand up and raise your right hand take
a note along the southwest border this
is the new normal
for public defenders like Richard gold
court rooms filled with defendants
charged with improperly entering the
United States just is ready they enter
pleas of guilty and proceed to
sentencing today three men and women
with chains around their ankles and
waists waiting to be prosecuted the room
is humid as they sit in the very same
clothes they were apprehended I hate
seeing people in shackles I mean
especially somebody with no criminal
history no immigration history it's hard
to look at it the reason for the
increase Jeff Sessions is zero-tolerance
policy if you cross the border
unlawfully then we will prosecute you
instead of the catch and release
approach of prior administrations or
migrants with no criminal history would
be returned to their home countries now
those caught at the border are
prosecuted and may face up to six months
in jail
the shift has dramatically up the
workload for attorneys and jammed
criminal courtrooms in recent weeks how
is your work changed it's kind of an
all-hands-on-deck situation every time I
mean we had been accustomed to handling
caseload in the 30s and sometimes in the
40s and what are you looking at now
between 70 and 75 in the morning and
then up to another 70 to 75 in the
afternoon vice news obtained audio from
one of these hearings
how much time do you have with any
individual client we talked to them on
average around five minutes or so five
minutes before you represent somebody
give or take
zero tolerance has had another effect
under President Obama under President
Clinton people were getting prosecuted
for illegal entry what is different
though is that they're separating people
from their children their children are
placed in shelters or foster care
indefinitely what percent of people who
come through the courtroom doors that
you see would you say have been
separated from some kind of family
member the percentages are somewhere
between twenty and thirty percent it's a
gigantic proportion certainly I don't
remember people routinely saying they've
been separated from their children and
what's gonna happen to my family
according to Customs and Border Patrol
almost 700 children were separated from
their parents in just the first two
weeks of the policy
well I was told when I was separated
from my son that your friend and tell me
when I was going to be joined with my
son again
I don't know who told you that but you
are totally incorrectly I have no
information regarding your child
immigration doesn't call the court for
being personally and she'll be what
happened to your child ship and his do
that it wouldn't hurt my feelings I
began to relate the information to you
if I could it but they don't so
hopefully if somebody will get in touch
with you through that side of the
government what will happen to families
were people are across borders people
who've lost contact because a young
child has been taken into federal care I
think this is something that sounded
like a real good idea to some people in
Washington I understand that they're
separating these people from their
children as a means of deterring future
people from considering the possibility
of bringing these kids with them but the
bottom line is when you've got a child
whose life is in danger and you decide
to go to a place that you think is safer
I think it's very hard for us to judge
them for what they're doing because
we're not in there we're not in their
shoes most desires with
with my past
you
