genetics 101 is basically this you've
got a mother and a father and half of
the genetic material from the father and
half of the genetic material from the
mother going to each one of these
children the basics of human genetics
are pretty simple the consequences of a
person's genetic code are more complex
almost every human being is carrying one
two or three markers for disease dr.
Robert Greene is leading a study called
baby seek funded by NIH that maps out
newborn babies gene sequences including
markers for potentially serious health
conditions now about two or three or
maybe even five percent of families are
going to discover that their baby has a
scary risk marker this might be a cancer
producing gene it might be a cardiac
abnormality or even a mutation in a gene
that produces sudden cardiac death so
that would be a very scary thing for the
family to find out and that's the second
thing that babies seek is studying what
happens to parents when they do find out
what the implications are for the
parents behavior and for the baby's
health
most parents approach by baby seek just
don't want to know but Katherine and
Jason Conquest decided they did
he was eight pounds yes nine ounces
she comes Provence yeah so he was a big
guy yeah you were big we actually call
him baby Beluga the whale because he
said we looked at the study as you know
a chance to know something ahead of time
you know if you look at it that way it's
just a way of using science to try to
get an early indicator on what is going
well or not well and to try to stay
ahead of that curve and I don't we
didn't really have to think too much
about it no I mean it really surprised
me when they told us that a lot of
people don't want to do it they said a
lot of people think it's too personal
and I get that but it's also data and
information and why wouldn't you want to
collect as much as possible on your own
kid I think some folks get worried about
just having their child's information
out there like do insurance companies
employers somehow use that against them
I think my biggest fear is that if we
learned about something that was really
major or we found a bunch of different
markers that were negative we have been
talking about expanding our family more
and I'm nervous that we would not want
to have more kids because of that
we hadn't really talked about the
negative side of it but you know we had
his doctor's appointment last week and
we didn't say hey what if if there is a
what if that's out there anyway whether
they tell us or not so it just goes back
to I'd rather know early there are a lot
of people who question whether this
information is a good thing for families
to learn and they question this because
the information could send you down a
diagnostic pathway that you might not
want to go down that might be harmful to
the baby or it simply might put a
psychological burden on the entire
family for a disease that might never
occur the medical system has to change
everybody recognizes that we are a
reactive medical system we are actually
a sick care system rather than a health
care system and we all have this dream
that we want to change the system so
that we are predicting and preventing
diseases one of the ways to get to that
is by leveraging genomic information
the worst thing that happens is we get
awesome early detection on something
that could be scary that now we have a
better chance to fight that's the worst
case scenario so we're going to take me
down to your um your room fine I'm gonna
be the last room on the right thank you
guys so much for coming in today this is
really kind of our last wheel visit for
the study this is kind of it will be
colored to school a visit just to kind
of put you at ease a little bit we
didn't find any type of health risk for
breath away no and I was like I'm
starting to get nervous I'm really
trying to get nervous like shaking
because I it's just a nice feeling to
know that he's gonna be healthy I think
that's a leg up on everybody else that
may have things that could have been
detected and they didn't look for
you
