that song made me realize what a huge
dick I am could you let me know
crazy distortion bass with kick drum
kind of T just has that thing that's
like exactly what filmmakers like to put
in stuff Earth's changing the mountains
are moving upward scores of animals are
migrated like you know the super
triumphant its blockbuster II oh no it's
just the nearness of you she's singing a
lot of things that are really difficult
to sing like going from one note into
you is really really hard kind of
intensely intimate modern technology can
put you so close to the listeners ear
that's probably one of those things if
people are attached to it and they hear
it in public they get kind of weepy
are you gonna be
it's got a lot of eighties sounds in it
and then a super modern vocal it's like
when you have the three musketeers bar
like she's definitely the chocolate part
and the puffy part tastes like when they
still used to use sugar instead of corn
syrup do you know what I mean is that
that band fun
it sounded like them because of the wall
of vocal you know that when the chorus
is coming a lot of compression auto-tune
e stuff is gonna hit really hard who is
it Hoobastank
I've always been angry about their names
so I've never listened to them if I
could beat somebody up just for naming a
band so terribly it would be Hoobastank
you
