usually pre-show I consider quitting
comedy in general and I will become an
accordion player somewhere in Central
America or even Florida throw it all
away you know Chris Fleming is a youtube
star an up-and-coming stand-up comedian
Fleming was chosen to perform at Lesley
University's annual spring quad fest she
decided last minute not for me not for
me getting a gig on the small liberal
arts school comedy circuit isn't all
that different from getting into a small
liberal arts school it's a rigorous
process led by these people
Booker's who specialized not just in
finding comedians but often in finding
comedians willing to make a few
compromises so if people come to perform
on campus they come through you and we
just make experiences for students we
bring in performers comedians musicians
it seems fairly straightforward but the
reason we're here is because it's not
it's not straightforward
not at all any time we put our our label
or any time we put our name on an event
it is it is now an extension of the
entire campus climate that we're trying
to create what a comedian does on our
campus isn't the same that they would do
at an open mic at the bar a few hours
later why not why because a student
would respond hello Leslie
that sounded like I was speaking to a
jilted ex-wife
hello just in time the kids that I'm
programming for are not successive head
dudes and we intentionally program
towards that because it's what the
students want and when I'm working on a
contract with especially with a comedian
I'm very upfront and saying you know
transphobic language isn't gonna be
tolerated if you say something in your
set like we reserve the right in our
contract like have a conversation with
you about payment and I will also pull
the mic here stop that you stop the show
and remove them for campus for a bad
joke this would have to be a pretty
terrible joke right but at the same time
I knew that this comic had a bit that
they made light out of sexual assault I
would either completely ask them to
remove that from the set or we just
wouldn't book them and that's happened
before where we've been looking at
female comics even if it was the female
comics own experience I would never book
a comic that made jokes about sexual
assault because I know a lot of my
students have experienced it we've had a
situation where we've been very deep and
almost ready to completely book with
this individual found a clip online
where she does a set and there's a you
know there's an off thing about sexual
assault and it was actually the students
who said you know what no let's find
somebody else my number one priority in
my job is also to reduce student harm as
much as humanly possible you think
people are harmed by jokes I think it
can be my parents I was like Chris how
did you end up the way that you did well
maybe if you hadn't addressed me like a
bisexual poacher look at that old
ruthless Queen right there
our students allowed to be offended by a
joke and our comedians allowed to push
that envelope on a college campus when
we're paying you to deliver a service so
what is that line between freedom of
speech freedom of expression and you're
doing a job what do you see that
difference to be I can talk about my
experience but I can't make fun of
someone else's identity 18 to 21 year
olds now are more diverse than they have
ever been
we're just conduits for their voice so
it's like they don't want it then we
have all different types of students but
they they talk to us and I do think that
with the diverse voices coming in to us
they're just diverse in the way that is
respect me and my identity and my
experience and there's just more
experiences now and if you can't adapt
to get out Judy gold is one of many
famous comics including Jerry Seinfeld
and Chris Rock who say they avoid
playing college campuses because they
believe younger audiences can't take a
joke a good job isn't you know let me
tell you how my life has changed since
that orange became president
okay you can do jokes about anything if
the jokes are funny what do you make of
that argument that there are people in
the audience who might have gone through
these traumatic events and if a male
comic is up there making jokes about
rape that can reach Ramat eyes them get
up and leave why is that everyone has to
adjust to everyone oh don't hire me if
you don't want to hear what I have to
say but what if they want to hear what
you have to say but they say don't do
these jokes you bad you won't take the
gig no I mean depends on the money I
happen to be also a member of the LGBTQ
rst uvwxyz
every week there was another initial I
can't take it I recently do you know one
is somewhat Santa intercepts that's
right intersects intersectional they
call it do you know what that is
interesting that is when you buy sofa
give me a sense of what you make of it
when people say Judy that joke is
harmful to me as a trans person as
somebody who's a member of the LGBTQ
community the joke is not about you you
need to learn how to be in this world
the world doesn't have to adjust for you
so figure that out this idea that words
are more harmful than actions Lenny
Bruce is no one over in his grave
Richard Pryor you don't tell a comic
what what topics they can discuss until
on stage I mean it's ridiculous when
people tell me not to do something it
makes me want to do it right I get
really mad at me do you want to get
really not do it all right Sarah
Huckabee Sanders is so gross that even
Larry Nasser was like I don't care if
your back hurts
I mean isn't a comedy supposed to be the
thing that triggers you right people
comics have Scelzi not work out had some
work out there their own traumas on
stage right and they might be sharing
those in a funny way
oh yeah it's therapy and you know when
I've done stand-up I talk about my mom
god bless her but that's that's with the
purpose of creating discomfort or
telling jokes about my own experience
that's not hurt when this walks into the
gas station it gets a lot of telling you
if there's something I could potentially
trigger you in any way shape or form so
they click if they do a talk or a speech
about certain things they will tell you
if there is stuff that could possibly
make you uncomfortable
coming to school is a safe place being
home or like being on the street you
just never know what's gonna happen and
when I'm here I feel safe and accepting
and welcomed this markets not for all of
them and if they don't want to be a part
of it who cares go and do you because
someone is gonna want to perform on our
campus free market we need them they
need our money they need us to espouse
their brand
you
