tonight when they say you know are you a
baby killer
you can you kind of know that they're
probably not pro-choice this is more
than a kooky group this is a crazy group
criminally insane group in the words of
Gandalf we have just entered the realm
of Gondor Michigan State University has
reached a five hundred million dollar
settlement with the three hundred and
thirty-two victims of Larry Nasser
including seventy five million dollars
to be set aside in case more victims
come forward the school's interim
president has previously floated the
idea that settlement funds could come
from raising tuition if our leaders seek
to conceal the truth or we as people
become accepting Rex Tillerson spoke at
Virginia Military Institute graduation
and took some shots at his old boss we
as American citizens are on a pathway to
relinquishing our freedom thousands of
teachers have taken a personal day to
march in North Carolina where it's
illegal for public employees to go on
strike they're demanding that salaries
and spending per student be brought up
to the national average and they want
better health care not just for
themselves but also for their students
by demanding the state expand Medicaid
the Senate continued to learn more about
how Cambridge analytical functions was
voter suppression a service that US
clients could request in their contracts
with Cambridge analytical while Bannon
was vice president yes China is urging
North Korea to go ahead with the June
summit with President Trump which North
Korea was threatening to cancel Kim Jong
Un's government is still being defensive
about denuclearization and when it comes
to US National Security Advisor John
Bolton they said we do not hide our
feeling of repugnance towards him
the Special Counsel investigation is one
day shy of its first birthday and today
we all got some party favors in the form
of small but fun little nuggets of
information to keep the Muller Watchers
on their sugar high
first the Senate Judiciary Committee
released hundreds of pages of
transcripts and documents related to
that Trump Tower meeting between a sort
of Kremlin linked lawyer a music
publicist named Rob Goldstone some other
Russians Donald Trump jr. Paul Manafort
and Jared Kushner no explosive headlines
there but also very little in the way of
exoneration Don Jr definitely wanted to
hear dirt on Hillary Clinton if there
was any but he claims there wasn't the
second news item today was that the
Senate Intelligence Committee released a
statement saying that they agree with
the intelligence community's findings on
Russian meddling which Democrat Mark
Warner pointed out includes the
assertion that Russia tried to swing the
election to trump a committee republican
warned that that conclusion wasn't final
yet
finally the office of government ethics
released president Trump's financial
disclosure form for 2017 and it said
that Trump reimbursed Michael Cohen for
an unnamed expense of more than $100,000
this essentially confirms Rudy
Giuliani's disclosure that Trump paid
Cohen back for the stormy Daniels
hush-money funnel throw of him and the
president repaid it the forum also made
it pretty clear that Giuliani lied to
the press when he tried to clean up the
mess he made by saying the reimbursement
was done through a monthly retainer not
the case as far as we can tell the
common thread with these disclosures is
that while they don't reveal much new
they knocked down a lot of implausible
spin from the Trump team the Russians
definitely meddled in the election no
Trump probably wasn't in the dark about
the Daniels payment no Don jr. didn't
take that meeting to hear about adoption
policy and
the Muller investigation now cruising
into its second year isn't just a
baseless witch-hunt in Washington this
week Democrats hoping to run for
president in 2020 paraded through a
conference held by the liberal Center
for American Progress the speeches they
gave offered a glimpse at the party's
message two years from now and mostly it
was liberal red meat for a mostly
liberal crowd I promise you if we had 51
percent of women in Congress do you
think we'd be debating whether we should
have access to contraceptives we're sort
of horrified at some of the things that
this president has said and has done so
I end with this this this poll oh let
America be America again the land that
never has been yet yet must be the land
where everyone is free the poor man the
Indian the negro me but that's
Washington in the Midwest where
Democrats badly need to make up ground
the conversation often sounds a lot
different
great to see you great to see you
how are you Katie how are you good to
see you thanks for coming you guys
Illinois representative Cheri Bustos was
one of just a dozen Democrats who was
re-elected in a district Trump won in
2016 well welcome everybody I think I've
said hello to everybody in the room now
she was chosen by her colleagues in
Congress as chair of Heartland
engagement which means it's her job to
train and recruit Democrats to run in
deep red districts like hers and her
advice is in high demand from people
looking to run for office okay we all
work to do this is Bustos is eighth
build the bench seminar day-long events
held in the Midwest where candidates for
everything from school board to County
Commissioner learn the basics of
campaigning but for Democrats running in
red leaning rural areas there's one
question that comes up again and again
what are things that you found that
resonated you cannot win by just getting
Democrats you gotta be able to appeal to
independence and some reasonable
Republicans you do that by relating
listening understanding that it's a
moderate district and making sure that
you're you know your politics fit the
district that you're trying to represent
in districts like hers that means
steering the conversation away from
controversial issues and towards issues
every voter has in common like jobs in
the economy every Democrat in the
Illinois US House of Representatives
comes from Chicagoland except for me all
right
Donald Trump won this district where
you're sitting right now what you can
talk about when you walk into a room in
Chicago right off the bat is very
different from what you talk about is
your very first issue when you walk into
a room here but where you can't go wrong
is talking about people struggling you
can go wrong by talking about the first
thing when you walk into a room talking
about an issue that is a divisive issue
I think we as a party need to ask people
to have faith in us again
why did Democrats lose that faith in in
the first place I think there's a view
that we focused on focused on things
that aren't important of their everyday
lives there's been too much siloing
going on among the constituencies you
know what what is good for white
working-class people is probably also
good for african-american families or
Latino families but but and we don't
have to talk about it in those terms
that mean like identity politics yeah
and I don't think there's a whole lot of
difference between what people want for
their kids it's easy for her to say that
though because she represents a district
that's pretty uniformly white rural and
old but Democrats can't totally avoid
the controversial topics that have come
to define their party nationwide
somebody says what are your thoughts on
guns you can't just say well I'm not
focused on that I'm focused on the
economy you got again sir the question
if somebody says you're a Democrat
you're gonna take away my guns you know
there's this assumption and I say of
course I'm a defender of the Second
Amendment because it's part of our
Constitution but I also don't think that
if you are on the terrorist watch list
that you ought to be able to buy a gun
and most people agree with that and we
as Democrats also shouldn't look down on
people who want to own a weapon there
are issues that divide and there are
issues that unite I'm Catholic and I am
a hundred percent pro-choice but I don't
go on a room talking about that if I get
asked about it and you can kind of tell
by how people ask you about it what
their thoughts are you know when they
say you know are you a baby killer you
can you kind of know that they're
probably not pro-choice but if I know
that somebody is is anti-choice I'll
just say you know I understand that I
value life as well I have three sons and
two grandkids I don't get into try to
change people's minds I don't get into
like having an argument about that so
find common ground with
voters don't try to change their minds
the problem is Democrats aren't very
good at that
even Bustos admits it I think over time
we thought that we could buy television
ads or by radio to replace that hard
work and that doesn't work because
voters they don't want to be taken for
granted and I think there was a feeling
that not only were they taken for
granted but in some cases they were
talked down to I mean we've always been
the the party of working people and then
all of a sudden did when you ask people
then that this word elite is used about
our party there's you know that means we
got a lot of work to do this morning EPA
Chief Scott Pruett surfaced on Capitol
Hill for a budget hearing fielding
typical softball questions from
Republican senators some of the good
work that you are doing to take the
regulatory food off of American workers
is certainly appreciated but the hearing
happened to follow yesterday's news that
the EPA inspector general will open
another investigation into Pruitt's
conduct this latest probe brings the
number of investigations Pruitt is
facing to an even dozen focused on eight
main areas including his travel spending
less than a year into his appointment
crew its office spent more than three
hundred and thirty thousand dollars in
travel expenses documents show he also
demanded round-the-clock security detail
on his first day on the job
which has already cost taxpayers at
least three million dollars oh and
there's also that forty three thousand
dollar phone booth this kind of spending
isn't uncommon for the people Trump has
picked to serve at the highest levels of
government seven of trumps cabinet
members have been tied to scandals
involving them allegedly wasting
taxpayer money now reports say that
White House aides are pushing the
President to fire Pruitt which would
make him the third cabinet official to
be sacked first to go
Tom price Trump's first Secretary of
Health and Human Services
he was forced out after spending about a
million bucks flying on private jets
next up David Shulkin former Secretary
of Veterans Affairs first appointed by
Obama and canned after a damning report
revealed a one hundred and twenty-two
thousand dollar jaunt through northern
Europe
official appointments account for at
least four of the days but not his trip
to Wimbledon I do recognize the optics
of this are not good I accept
responsibility for that it's not the
optics that are not good it's the facts
that are not good I yield back
Prewitt joins other cabinet members
who've managed to spend wildly and still
not find themselves out of a job there
was Ryan's Enki who took three
helicopter rides costing fifty-three
thousand dollars one of which was to
squeeze in a quick horseback ride with
VP Mike Pence and he spent 138 thousand
six hundred seventy dollars on three new
sets of double doors for his office
there was also Housing and Urban
Development Secretary ben Carson who
came under fire in February for asking
his wife candy Carson to pick out
furniture for his office the custom
hardwood table chairs and hutch that
mrs. Carson picked were worth a whopping
31 K the department initially denied
Carson was aware of the purchase
the story of alleged cult nexium has all
the makings of a binge worthy
docu-series a secretive leader who
allegedly had women branded with his
initials wealthy heiresses who helped
finance the organization and a Hollywood
actress accused of luring in fresh
recruits leader Keith Ranieri and
actress aliceandmac have been arrested
and now face charges of sex trafficking
and forced labor
nexium denies it's a cult and says it's
working with the authorities to
demonstrate rhaenyra's innocence
Ranieri and Mack has pleaded not guilty
and are awaiting trial their lawyers
wouldn't comment for this piece but one
person is talking the obsessed former
nexium employee who broke the story in
the first place
I'm trying to write a song that's
appropriate for for Ranieri and this
came to my mind
because it is an American story this is
Frank pilato the guy who originally
revealed the alleged sex slave cult
around Keith Ranieri though he lives in
upstate New York he spends time on his
properties in Key West so how much do
you come out here on a boat the answer
is every day I can so what else did you
for fun right about renewing in 2007
parvata was recommended to work for
Ranieri by his consultant friends who
both briefly did work for the group
infamous political operatives Roger
stone and Steve pigeon Carlotto is a
real estate developer on paper but had
built a reputation for relentlessness in
local political fights he believes the
Ranieri Ren nexium was a legit company
under attack from bad people and it sent
him a list of those people to seek and
destroy here was what they wanted me to
do what does this mean smashmouth 225
thousand that was what they were willing
to pay me for smashing various people
why do they call it Smash Mouth because
they wanted these people destroyed and
it says here a disbarment 25k does that
mean they'd pay you $25,000 if I did go
if you got him disbarred correct whoa
just a hearing I'll get you 15k so this
is what they were up to discredit indict
so did have no right wow this is a quite
a list
but taking out enemies wasn't the only
thing nexium wanted par lotta to do when
he was asked to help nexium get a loan
he learned members and Seagram's heirs
Clare and Sarah Bronfman had lost a
shocking amount of money in the
commodities market
he says Clare told him Ranieri had been
making the trades so well why did you
invest 65 million dollars and lose it
all don't you think that's a little bit
unusual and she said unfortunately my
father Edgar Bronfman senior he wanted
to thwart Keith's successful investments
so he manipulated the entire commodities
market in tandem with the quote unquote
Illuminati what did you think when she
told you that I suspected she was being
defrauded then notice he was fired
didn't give a reason but par lotto
thinks it was because he questioned
Ranieri by asking for receipts of the
trades according to court documents the
Bronfman's did lose 65 million in
commodities trades and par lotta
recovered millions in real estate
investments for the sisters but in an
act par lotta size of betrayal they
later said he took 1 million dollars
which he claims was payment we were
unable to reach the Bronfman's after
multiple attempts for comment then the
FBI indicted par lotto with the disputed
million dollars a factor in just one in
a string of charges dating back over a
decade
Carlotta refused a plea deal and says
he's innocent and so began his war with
nexium and that was when I had an
awakening Joey I had no idea of the
depths of their dishonesty and then I
said if they had done this to me and all
of these other enemies that supposedly
had cheated them they were also probably
similarly innocent and I turned in an
instant and said this is more than a
kooky group this is a crazy group of
criminally insane group and it's not
just Ranieri
so couldn't nexium say you're just a
disgruntled employee with an axe to
grind
not only could they say it but they did
say that I think right well disgruntled
no ex-employee yes ex yes of punishing
axe I sharpened my axe
okay
Carlotto turned on nexium with the fury
it had hired him to use against its
enemies he carpet-bombed Granieri and
nexium with attacks on his website he
also deployed the two other publications
he co-owns art voice and the Niagara
Falls reporter a tabloid he'd used in
the past to wage war against the popular
Niagara Falls boat tour part of my
strategy was to mock Ranieri my
photoshopped images of him I wrote I
wrote fictional stories about him was to
make him look ridiculous sometimes
that's necessary too and he wrote a lot
so how many hours total do you think he
spends on this how many hours are there
in a year do you think you've spent a
king out of year on us
maybe some of our lottos practices our
question of all he tries to confirm his
scoops with multiple sources but he also
posts the names and photos of the women
who are allegedly nexium slaves tell me
a little bit more about the decision to
name them I mean that's that's pretty
controversial even in newspapers now
they don't name rape victims because
they weren't exclusively victims because
they were recruiting others to be
victims who there was an incredible
pressure on these women to recruit other
women into this sex slavery cult more
than two years into his anti nexium
campaign paar lotto revealed women were
being branded in a secret ceremony
the New York Times confirmed the story
in October which led to a federal
investigation when the New York Times
came out that was the game changer
because then I had validation for all
the things that I had written until the
time story came out what did your
friends and colleagues say about your
obsession because I was insane what
would you tell them I got it right one
more story
there's something here and it has to be
stopped
nexium will never be the same but par
lotto isn't over it he went after me and
I flipped him on his back and landed him
in prison and that's Ria's today as
we're speaking here as inmate number
five seven zero zero 5-1 77 he went to
win and I went to win and he lost New
Zealand markets itself as a sub tropical
paradise of pristine landscapes dotted
with the occasional sheep close to four
million foreign tourists visit the
islands every year and over half a
million of them have a very specific
mission to experience the Lord of the
Rings in real life he's trying to kill
you in your smiling that's crazy
for 15 years Don gora has been taking
people on tours of a place that doesn't
exist
the mythical plains of Gondor in the
words of Gandalf we have just entered
the realm of God if you watch The
Fellowship of the Ring for me it's like
a picture postcard of New Zealand and
then do you remember how they ride the
stream so this would be the nth wash
River so Rohan would be here and Gondor
would be here do do you think that this
landscape is it is important yes very
iconic especially the brown top tussock
I like to call it Gondor in gold it's a
very iconic in the movie tourism is New
Zealand's biggest export as a station
and in ads the country brands itself as
one hundred percent pure but
middle-earth has some dirty problems the
country's second largest export industry
is transforming the naturally arid
Mackenzie region that GaN durian gold
into green pasture we've got quite a few
dairy farms in the region and so we're
15 years ago the landscape was very like
this they now have big irrigators and it
is green and lush with grass if you took
it an overall view you actually see
circles right throughout the Mackenzie
this is big money
New Zealand provides more dairy for the
global market than any other country and
alone provides half of China's dairy
imports but the massive dairy industry
has an environmental impact to match the
country's six point six million cows are
contaminating the iconic landscapes that
the tourism industry depends on Simon
Williamson the provincial president of
the federated Farmers organisation
doesn't see it that way
it's a petticoat chicory out here that
we're just cutting for sight he manages
a nine thousand acre farm in the
Mackenzie basin the biodiversity and the
soil has nice water walls when we
started now I've got beautiful soil
structure and in farmers that's what
they do they look after the land and
then it's an e right interest there is a
few so-called intellects that like to
knock on about it but I don't think the
rest of the country really buy into it
Dave Kelly and Ann Brauer are two of
those so-called intellects they say
turning the land from gold to green
isn't just ruining the region's
aesthetic it's messing up the landscape
on a fundamental level turning Gondor
into Mordor you go to the Mackenzie the
biological values are not obvious and I
don't think the farmers understand them
and so you go into that system and you
put irrigation and fertilizer on it
you are obliterating it how important it
is the McKenzie area from an ecological
standpoint well it's very important
it has unusual landforms and as a result
of that it has a whole bunch of unusual
plants and animals so when farmers give
that argument that they're actually
creating a land that is productive
versus a land that was never productive
what is your reaction well that's the
cultural story of the McKenzie that
these are toughened wizened old southern
men who have created something out of
nothing
so guys we talked about props this one
here is the only thing that I have that
originated in the movie people worked on
a heavy real stake in this land and are
worried that increased dairy farming
could ruin its Gondor good looks people
come to see exactly what they saw in the
movie and so therefore if the grass was
green and you know we had cows
everywhere we didn't see that in
lowering the way so that would
essentially put you out of business
pretty much yeah if I have to give up
milk I could do that if I could stand in
McKenzie okay
so what we're gonna do you're gonna get
those flags and those swords in your
hand and you are going to yell
you
you
