to see how vintners today are
reconciling with the change in climate
we went to france's most prominent and
profitable wine region cordial pumps out
more than 700 million bottles each year
its prestige stems largely from its
optimal environment in temperate climate
ideal qualities for making fine wine
there's also a nearly the same don't
convey me sure it was quite warm limit
in iceland fresh this is unbelievable
they have records for the weather each
day they fight every day every year year
Wow
so it's actually really possible to
track the climate of course of course
magnifique no
so here have some thousand bottle of
vagin wine and many wine from different
region of the world so we have a very
high level of choice of wine here 1905
1908 magnifique
how will you continue to make wines in a
natural way as the climate continues to
change the earth continues to warm
although is on the forty-fifth palate
just in the middle of sauce and nose so
the 45th is a magic line just in between
if you look on the map in France notes
of the 45th you have champagne were
white in the world of white sauce of the
45 south of France Spain Italy is red
says of course exception but those is
like that
so source of the 45th the vine is red
most of the 45th fine is white Bordeaux
like burgundy like many pinyon in italy
are around his 45th making white and red
when I start here in 80's and there was
nearly 50% of the vineyard avocado was
white today 88 percent of the vineyard
of Bordeaux is red so everything is
shifting north yes we still have choice
in Bordeaux in some region of the world
when you are already 2 songs today it
will be more difficult in the next
generation so introducing new varieties
could allow borders continue your
synchronous yes yes
you
