Iraqis are getting ready to vote on
Saturday in the first national election
since Isis was defeated last year a
record number of candidates are running
in Mosul alone which Isis once claimed
as its capital
more than 900 candidates are vying for
31 seats in parliament and the issue
everyone's talking about is security
even though life and Eastern Mosul is
mostly returned to normal Isis is still
issuing threats and pledging to attack
voters major Messiah had assumed a
police station in the east of the city
and he isn't exactly known for his
positive reinforcement he's been in the
force since 2002 during Saddam's reign
he eventually moved up to the SWAT unit
and during the offensive against Isis in
2016 he trained officers how to fight
against the militants major Mercer
coordinates with other security forces
in the city in order to gather
intelligence and capture any fighters
who were still here much of the data is
kept in handwritten logs cut option here
I know we know
I said to this mom I don't want unknown
for these days he mostly feels questions
from local residents about Isis this
woman came to tell major mess her that
her son was taken away by the army don't
be
- dashi while my new muttering of my
Dada Dada huh where that I don't want
that it won't even it can't come in tell
who maybe did that no I don't need that
she could be but kind of bad year there
were any up the war against Isis is
officially over it's in Mosul soldiers
and police officers are still battling
to remove the last remnants of the group
from the city where does the vast
majority of your intelligence come from
does it come from the people or do you
have other sources as well mallomars
National often hostage enemy Hardy I
heard in your shitty photo which was the
eyes of focus - oh you do - aztl√°n and
it was not bother holla - no a balloon
and a quorum and in tamale - Aloha
legitimate condom - police captured this
Isis suspect after getting a tip from
residents who claimed that when Isis had
control of the city they saw him dressed
like the militants and carrying a
walkie-talkie that only Isis would use
he's one of an estimated 19,000
suspected terrorists detained in police
stations and prisons across the country
3,000 of them are thought to be on death
row later in the day away from the
police officers we managed to speak to
him privately inter - Isola
less she brought her into that she'll
enter more - there's another cell at the
police station where around 45 suspected
terrorists were being held some had
spent more than four months in this room
awaiting trial
do you think it's okay to be keeping a
large number of men in such a small
place or time when I covered i smear
susan haack about of azulon house what I
can on one of his own daughter I have
two more and helped on them then what'll
clear Marcus but why was it Amir was how
do you respond to human rights
organizations who say that the
conditions that these men are being kept
in is not according to international law
our Allah made over $1,000 worth of
inner heavy metal illegal pants and
unleash a bottomless Richard
officers later told us they use tactics
such as time the prisoners up and
denying them food in order to obtain a
confession
major Meza claims that a zero-tolerance
approach is keeping Mosul safer but
human rights groups argue that the
mistreatment of suspects and the lack of
due process and demands a justice system
and alienates communities once more it's
taken just 48 hours to this suspect to
have his first day in court but it will
likely be months before his trial begins
I don't know sir attested to the region
and detector duniya - monogamy
hello Madani Mahalo Mahalo man
Monica please watch as mr. karate and
overall and McCarthy saw some other show
on the man in the cell says that he's
innocent that he's not member of Isis
are you 100% convinced that he'll get a
fair trial
thank you thank you whatever love in
several of us we hope you like I love
them harkaman madman
you
