it's just three weeks into France's war
in Mali and French president Francois
Hollande is touching down to deliver his
mission accomplished speech French
troops have recaptured almost all of
northern Mali in the al-qaeda-linked
rebels he took control of half the
country last summer now our Lord want to
start pulling French troops out from
April onwards if this was the end of the
war would be a stunning successful front
but it isn't the end of the war the
battle is it as in tulipe de la Tour
nickel 12 tearing it come on you may not
see a vacant well during it
I traveled up to gal with the French
army in a grueling journey across the
desert we had the this impression that
we were the liberator of the country
like the American in France in 1844 very
great to feeling we drive from Bamako to
go and then but we will try to find some
rebels and then try to neutralize him
maybe France Annie Poulos last combat
troops out of Afghanistan in November
2012 after a bloody 11-year campaign the
soldiers I was traveling with had only
just come back from Afghanistan after
less than three months at home they're
already fighting a new war this time in
Mali
the rebels greater strategic asset is to
share size of northern Mali a vast
wilderness of desert and mountain the
same size as France itself
this is a logistic convoy the trip must
last certain hours from Savannah to go
see and after we have to do go see gal
five hours more the world is safe we
have an engineer Platinum in front of us
we checked the world we have support if
we are fighting comment on console a
buoyancy of nuclear mission personnel
they often feel phenomenal cause he
threw up
oboro-sama psycho militarily what kind
of threats to face the rebels with
four-wheel drives machine gun on it some
RPGs ideas
while the French have the technological
superiority to defeat the rebels any
standart battle the greatest risk they
face is the invisible threat of homemade
bombs called IEDs or improvised
explosive devices
it's an insurgent tactic now notorious
from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan
where IEDs caused two-thirds of the
casualties amongst Western troops
the logistics convoy found two IEDs and
on the road they're traveling they were
nearly made to IEDs official place they
don't have to be here you can put 80
this is more complicated to capture make
up by placing homemade bombs along the
roads the rebels can neutralize france's
vast military superiority tying up
millions of euros worth of troops and
equipment with just a few dollars worth
of explosives this is the beginning
plate and after they were come on wire
so it's because later you see something
so you can detect it
come on wire this is a undetectable with
the most active insurgent group in Mali
is now Macau centered on a northern city
of Gao miju have shown that they capable
of slipping into Gao whenever they want
to launch surprise attacks in the French
and Malian troops that one of their
tactics is to hide bombs and weapons in
a city centre to be picked up and used
by jihadist sleeper cells in sudden
terrorist attacks
I followed a group of local vigilantes
the gaol patrollers as he searched for
hidden explosives the daily halt was
staggering rebel safe houses across the
city were filled with stores of homemade
bombs and the components needed to make
them when you see the amount of
explosives to rebels captured from the
Malian army you realize the threat the
French are facing many of the rebels
weapons were smuggled from Libya after
the fall of Gaddafi the jihadist Arsenal
now includes missile launches like this
one capable of shooting down a French
plane or a civilian airliner
these Rockets are being stored in a
nursery school until the Mayan army came
to pick them up many civilians begged
for help from the outside world to clear
the city of these hidden stockpiles of
explosives the French exit plan is to
pull out as soon as possible
leaving the war to the poorly trained
barley an army
but the more daring the attacks is the
miss pull off the harder it'll be for
France to leave
in Afghanistan we used to help the
Afghan the Train their agony army and to
fight the rebels ear fraud amount we
fight the reverse maybe after some
French soldiers will continue to Train
African army for the moment just fine
England do you think you underestimate
the rebels well not all the pretension
to say victory is easy we try to do our
best and to fulfill the mission we were
received
by French soldiers have been killed in
Mali the most recent death is caused by
an IE d roadside bombs have also killed
six Malian soldiers since the French
recaptured northern Mali Deccan termina
a complete la France oriental citizen on
the Underland all the under avec le
monarchy le dropp'd Allah Allah Allah
Allah Allah Cyril VDP le vide Sree juice
cocoa silly silly
assalam alikum president alone his
pledge to start withdrawing French
troops from Mali from April 2013 but
without French troops on the ground
the Marlon army will face a tough battle
against they're committed to hardest
enemy
you
you
