tonight documents it's inaccurate they
tell you when you're in the military
that the VA was the only option for the
city to take the pain off the bill has
been taken over their bodies any day
Mike Pompeo negotiated the release of
three US citizens held by North Korea
the new Secretary of State also
finalized details for president Trump's
summit meeting with kim jeong-hoon know
exactly where and when it'll happen is
still under wraps the very important
thing to know about CIA is we follow the
law we followed the law then and we
follow the law now but I would never
permit CIA to resume an interrogation
program a refugee camp that houses
700,000 Rohingya and Bangladesh sits on
top of several elephant migration
corridors at least a dozen people have
been killed now if an attack since last
fall and now the UN refugee agency and
conservation specialists say they'll be
ramping up prevention efforts Turkey's
president made a new move to expand his
powers even more introducing a bill that
would let his cabinet bypass Parliament
when pushed through legislation without
a vote Louisiana is threatening to kick
37,000 people out of nursing homes and
group homes because it can't afford to
fund Medicaid on Instagram James Comey
commemorated the one-year anniversary of
his firing but from the looks of his
other photos he hasn't been having too
bad a time
people in Iran burned American flags
today in reaction to President Trump's
decision to back out of the nuclear deal
it's drawing plenty of criticism from
other countries - including the UK
France and Germany but there's one
government that's especially happy about
it
Israel tonight I'm here to tell you one
thing Iran lied
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is
hated the deal from the start but now
that he's gotten his wish the prospect
of a conflict at his own doorstep just
got a lot closer just this evening the
Israeli military said Iran fired rockets
toward the Golan Heights and the country
is going on alert 15 miles from the
Lebanese border Israeli tanks and
paratroopers are running through
maneuvers these soldiers are all
reservists they were called up last week
after the Israel Defense Forces warned
about Iranian activity in Syria and said
it was on high alert for an attack
captain effects in a and his men told us
they are no longer discussing if
there'll be a war with Iran or one of
its proxies but when and how that war
will start our people are real motivated
about serving our country first of
foremost we're here to protect our
family our houses in the Middle East
conflicts can occur every second today
they're practicing how to capture a town
controlled by one of those proxies
Hezbollah Iran backed militant group is
a sworn enemy of Israel
and since Hezbollah won more seats in
Lebanon's Parliament just this week
Israel considers Iran a bigger threat
than ever and it's not only Iran's
foothold in Lebanon that bothers
Israelis in February
Iran's shot down an Israeli fighter jet
from inside Syria that was in
retaliation for Israel taking out an
Iranian drone the two have been trading
tit-for-tat attacks ever since the level
of these engagements you're saying has
has reached an unprecedented level with
the Iranian elements it is unprecedented
yes this is true and there might be an
escalation directly between Israel and
Iran due to the exchange of blows is but
I used to be on the line but yeah Tom
doesn't see eye-to-eye with Israel's
Prime Minister on Trump's decision to
walk away from the nuclear deal so why
do you think I should they should have
stayed in the deal if all of these
things were not contained their threat
the United States will get out of the
deal would have been something realistic
now after they left the deal they cannot
anymore threaten they will leave the
deal as Israel's military crack
intensifies its air defenses are ready
to intercept missiles to the green pine
radar is a key component of the
country's Iron Dome missile protection
system when you talk about these radars
and the threats we're not excluding
anything if it threatens them then
that's the purpose of these ray there's
no excluded Hezbollah fires a rocket
right this is the system that's right
supposed to be able to detect that not
supposed to it does that
last night Michael avenatti stormy
Daniels lawyer released a document he
titled project sunlight it focuses on a
vanadis nemesis Trump lawyer Michael
Cohen and a shady company that Cowan set
up right before the presidential
election called essential consultants
LLC avenatti hasn't said how he got the
information and Cohen said today that
it's inaccurate but so far it seems to
be more or less reliable and what it
alleges looks bad for the Trump team we
know at the very least that two big
companies paid essential for consulting
services they've both confirmed this and
claimed that they just wanted advice on
dealing with the administration but
those confirmations point to the first
big allegation that avenatti is making
against Cohen and that's bank fraud
because according to avenatti Cohen
filled out paperwork saying essential
was a real estate consulting firm that
it expected to receive up to 20 payments
per month between 1,000 and $10,000 and
that the primary source of funds would
be Americans or us-based companies just
looking at what AT&T and Novartis have
confirmed if avenatti is right then it
doesn't seem like Cohen properly
represented his company to the bank
Novartis is a Swiss company neither
Novartis nor AT&T is a real estate
developer and Novartis paid essential a
hundred grand a month which company
sources said today was for quote access
to not just Trump but also the circle
around him page 3 the document also
brings in another name Russian oligarch
Viktor Vekselberg Vekselberg is one of
several oligarchs who got sanctioned by
the Treasury Department in April and
owns a company associated with Columbus
Nova a private equity firm in the United
States that paid essential about five
hundred thousand dollars a lawyer for
Columbus Nova confirmed the payments but
said Vekselberg was not involved in
hiring or providing any money to Cohen
their general counsel said any
suggestion that Viktor Vekselberg or any
of his companies owned or exercised any
control over columbus nova is patently
untrue but even with that denial the
document still seems to connect a
russian oligarch
on the administration's bad list to
payments made to the president's lawyer
now it would seem that the Russian
oligarch connection would be something
that Muller would want to investigate
but much of this Cohen stuff has been
farmed out to the Southern District of
New York I talked about that and the
documents other charges with Jeff Hauser
a government ethics expert and DOJ
veteran as we get further down and we
start talking about payments to
companies that may be involved with
Russian oligarchs that does seem to fall
under the special councils purview
doesn't it mowers approach seems to be
the minimize all leaking and to create a
small hub of highly trained extremely
talented investigators at the top and
then work as much as possible with
existing elements of law enforcement on
discreet matters and it also keeps as
much of the information in parts of the
law-enforcement community that are
harder to break up if and when there is
a Saturday night Massacre and Trump
fires Muller but it also does something
else it amps up the pressure on Cohen
himself to cooperate is it really in
some ways come back to the federal
prosecutors being able to get people to
flip I think it does that is a common
way you go after people at the top of a
food chain is that you work your way
from the bottom up and but that's how
you bring down Mafia bosses you start at
the bottom and you get people to flip
because it's very hard to get to the
inner sanctum the inner sanctum doesn't
commit blatant acts they rely on other
people to do the most obvious
criminality the avenatti document
doesn't spell out the downfall of
President Trump it's not even close to
that and even in the calls Artie made
today we found errors in it
one company mentioned actuarial partners
says the Michael Cohen they dealt with
is a different Michael Cohen but what
the document does do is lead to
approximately 1,000 more questions the
kind of questions that Muller has a head
start on Robert Mars team is talking to
Novartis in November of 2017 we're
having this conversation in May two
thousand 18 we don't know how much more
robert molars team has learned in that
subsequent six months i'm suspecting
they've learned a lot
today's curriculum involve our knowledge
connections in eco honing was in the Air
Force for six years she never saw combat
but in her first year of military tech
school she was sexually assaulted I
ended up having like panic attacks and
showing signs of depression and stuff
like that I wasn't sleeping which is
ended what actually ended up sending me
to the doctor because I hadn't slept in
72 hours it sounds like it got pretty
bad for you yeah I definitely had my
fair share of rough nights I I was
cutting myself at one point I was
diagnosed with PTSD after the last rape
so yeah that's what I deal with on a
daily basis when people are like did you
see combat and I'm like no but it's all
a lot of other stuff so in Akutan to the
VA for help only to run into one of its
perennial problems long wait times
I thought that I'll take my chances with
the VA then I didn't get seen for six
months and so then I called the Cohen
Clinic and I was like hey guys I need
some help they got me in in a week the
clinic inika ended up at was run by the
Cohen veterans Network a private mental
health group funded by hedge fund
billionaire Steve Cohen who is at the
heart of one of the biggest insider
trading scandals in history so this is
one of the first clinics in the network
it is yes CDN started two years ago its
miniscule next to the VA the VA is
mental health practitioners see one
point six million people every year
while CBN has only seen six thousand
people in its entire history right now
CBN has 13 clinics across the country by
2020 they'll have 25 amal has spent over
275 million dollars Caitlin Thompson is
CBN's clinical director she joined
Cohen's Network last year after serving
as the head of suicide prevention at the
VA why did you leave the VA it was time
to move from that large large
organization where change can be slow to
a place where I could really be more
innovative why not stay and fix the
problem at the VA so I you know I think
that one reason was I did really want to
move to a place where all veterans could
be cared for the VA is legally limited
in treating certain groups now I'm just
here to see a doctor
all right thank you those with non
service related injuries family members
and vets with a dishonorable discharge
CBN doesn't have any of those barriers
so do you see yourselves as
supplementing VA care or competing with
it I see it absolutely as supplementing
I see it as complementing VA care I
think that we are enhancing each other
and so the care that we can provide can
enhance the care that VA can provide and
vice versa and so I don't see it as as
being competitive at all the VA itself
fee CBN is useful in plugging mental
health coverage gaps but better in
service organizations and others think
CBN's motives are more nefarious they
think it's a Trojan horse that could
help lead to the privatization of the VA
through ranking members of the
congressional committees on Veteran
Affairs recently wrote the VA secretary
questioning where the CBN is trustworthy
enough to provide veteran care we
reached out to Steve Cohen for an
interview but he declined
Suzanne Gordon a veteran health care
expert thinks CBN could eventually
divert resources away from the VA itself
and the real worry here is that if if
you're giving money to private sector
whether it's Cohen or anybody out of
whose budget is that coming if it's
coming out of the VA is clinical and
care budget then it depletes the VA and
if that's true that it jeopardizes that
then that's not a good thing CBN says at
the moment none of its costs are passed
on to veterans all care is paid for by
Steve Cohen and I'm actually sleeping a
lot better too so it's always kind of
good but CBN's long-term strategy does
factoring getting money from the
government it's not just the direct
suicide prevention programs that prevent
suicide it's all kinds of other programs
that help veterans manage pain
and learn yoga and stress reduction and
mindfulness meditation all these
participate in this tapestry of suicide
prevention you start pulling those
threads apart you start taking money
away and budgets away and the threads
begin to be pulled in all kinds of
directions are pretty soon you don't
have a tapestry anymore you're with big
holes through which veterans can slip
without additional funding it's unlikely
that CDN will ever be able to treat
veterans on the scale that the VA does
but for a lot of vets who's treating the
matters less than whether they can get
treated at all they tell you when you're
in the military that the VA was the only
option
I'm military I'm retired that's where
you go it's kind of just and you're used
to in the military being told what to do
guy was going to the VA and it just
wasn't working I know there's a lot of
people that go there and I know that and
I understand that it's just it doesn't
help me
started on social media but it turned
into a very real and dangerous situation
so-called paintball Wars five innocent
people have been shot with paintballs
three of them children
police say the so-called paintball war
began on social media as someone's idea
to help stop the violence me and smoke
and my god dude it was really his idea
like we start a paintball fight who was
gonna be fully I'm like me and another
partner he's like the Cooper niggas so
damn like hey y'all sad we gonna
pull up his shoot
you shot me and my brother unexpected we
talked it it felt like it was a real
like a real shut up we're in the back of
the truck
let's hang out the window laughing yeah
20-30 minutes later they pull up shoot
me down on my house I thought it was a
game they come right back
then it became a whole six mile the
first one it just it just started going
real real heavy man like real real real
real heavy
I'm running around man you putting the
world goods up the penguin you ran
around sliding over there nobody's safe
nobody saved up you've been a traded on
each other that's too hey whazzup girls
down
it's basically just doing something
positive to keep away from the negative
you know everywhere you go you would see
a gun now when we started paint boiler
and where we went we seen a paintball
you know I was in a brother game with a
paint more than a bullet
no this I stay prepared just in case
 try to slow you never know
from truck slide gloves this type of air
right here this nitrogen just to last
you all day all goddamn
day main thing is we do this to
have fun to stop all the going
around in our city
you hear that break that
glass so you know what it is
honestly you probably spend about no
less than 1000 to 1500 paintball and
that's if you want to have fun
I'm just telling him I told her what I
spent when I first got into it might
well under after that it was like $50
day but we all we needed to fill up
airline 50 $60 day can't be broke with
you in his port man
we squashed a lot of beef that was going
on because it was a cup of dudes and it
really ain't with each other so
when I sang them together I knew this
 was real
it's definitely by people together
people that didn't know people they
didn't know each other like I was losing
the club last night I'm bumping files
the people that I was in a paintball
fire that I never knew just cause us
friendly talking on Instagram
following each other I probably gained
about 4 to 500 followers just off during
the paintball movement so I'm definitely
brought a lot of people together
crazy
god damn the chief of police his bitch
asked on my weed
well on a person ain't weapons
in I'm calling them replica firearms
because when you look at some of these
paint guns they look just like an actual
firearm police officers when confronted
with someone with a replica weapon or in
this case of paint gun they may make the
mistake thinking it's a real firearm and
feel threatened there may be a deadly
response to that yeah we still go up
it's like every blue moon we got to
sneak out because of the police we've
got some times but at this point we had
to stop it because nobody want to go to
jail come out of the money just like
something that we just saw on her sunny
point I mean to the police
it's gonna be like a real gun period no
matter what it is it could be a war to
go to the police doesn't look like a
real gun but they hate it I was being
young and black our brother for the city
to take the paint off the builders then
picking up their bodies any day we are
ready to murder capital if we could
paint ball with each other and don't
kill each other
would you rather than
you
