the world's plastics problem is out of
control
if it keeps piling up plastics in the
ocean could outweigh fish by 2050
plastic is difficult and sometimes
impossible to recycle and it doesn't
break down naturally but a team of
scientists have stumbled on a discovery
that could change the way we deal with
plastic forever so this is a
biochemistry valve and this is where
we're working so we followed a Japanese
study of it came out about two years ago
where they made this startling discovery
of a bacteria that lives off plastic in
a recycling done essentially this
bacteria has evolved to eat plastic and
it produces an enzyme that breaks down
plastic into its original components so
that's really where our story began we
wanted to find out how this enzyme
worked and by just fiddling about with
the DNA sequence we accidentally made a
more efficient enzyme that's about 20%
faster than the natural enzyme science
is a bit like that you you do the
experiment you never you can predict
what might happen but often you're wrong
so what we can see at the moment if you
take a plastic bottle of fizzy drinks
bottle and you you put it in a test tube
with some of our enzyme it will start
digesting away the surface over a couple
of days same tweaking identify some of
our protein that we've expressed draw
the male in cell lines Exeter if we can
do this with a fast enough enzyme with
on a bigger scale you can imagine
collecting plastic and what would happen
is the solution would go clear as the
building blocks were broken down so
you'd have this clear solution of
chemicals that you can then remake
plastic with
I think there's been a huge amount of
doom and gloom stories around plastics
and justifiably because it's a terrible
environmental scourge but this is a
story where we've got some hope that we
can actually put together and my email
box is now 500 unread emails with
companies saying can we work with you
can we help certainly since the story
came out I could count the number of
errors of slept on one hand
you
