On February 15th just one day after the
Parkland school shooting police in Fair
Haven Vermont arrested 18-year old Jack
Sawyer for plotting to shoot up his old
high school that's what happened two
years ago I was like I gotta shoot up
the school so I wasn't shooting but
throughout the entire time achievement I
still been thinking about it so it's
just been postponed like you don't
understand about my patience but I can
leave right it will happen I'm not
nothing like unless like something in my
head changed but as we sit here today it
will happen at some point
Sawyer kept a journal describing in
detail how he planned to kill as many
people as possible
he bought a shotgun legally and also
tried but failed by a handgun on the
dark web
Sawyer was charged with attempted murder
but his actions didn't meet Vermont's
unusually high bar for proving attempt
and in late April the state Supreme
Court forced prosecutors to drop the
most serious charges
Sawyer pled not guilty the rest that
meant he could get out on bail and that
sent Fair Haven into a panic
the day before Sawyer's release we met
with school administrators who had just
spent more than a hundred thousand
dollars on new security measures one
example is this wall actually used to be
a glass wall so we you know installed
sheet rocks what's the idea behind that
it's not glass and you can't you know if
something is occurring in the classroom
next door you can't readily see into
this classroom because of this you do
active shooter drills I mean that's the
climate across the nation now even just
doing the drills added an element of
anxiety to everyone but but now it makes
it that much more real how do the
students and the staff feel knowing that
Jack Sawyer might be released I think
folks felt like it was a kick in the
stomach to be quite honest and I think
the overwhelming feeling is that the
system has has failed us
within weeks of Sawyer's arrest
Vermont's Democratic legislature and
Republican governor agreed to tighten
gun laws then senator dick Sears went
much further he introduced a bill that
defines any act or attempted act of
violence against more than one person as
domestic terrorism even name like
Sawyer's planned shooting it has no
ideological motive so how do we work
together on age 25 to get a bill on
domestic terrorism there's just no
question
they've been terrorized by this even
though it nothing you know this point
has come of it I think in the
conventional definition at least that a
lot of people subscribe to terrorism
implies some kind of ideological or
political motive but your bill doesn't
mention that no no it's not it's if
you're inflicting terror making people
feel afraid when students tell me that
they you know feel like they're sitting
ducks in their classroom that's a form
of terror it doesn't necessarily have to
be because of some political bent
Vermont is far from the only state
scrambling to address the problem of
senseless mass shootings but if Sears is
bill passes it'll be the only one that
legally defines such shootings or even
someone's plans for them as domestic
terrorism that may solve the Jack Sawyer
problem but it creates new ones
Vermont's bill isn't limited to school
shootings it applies to anyone who
causes or tries to cause death or
serious bodily injury to multiple people
that gives law enforcement huge
discretion to decide who to use the law
against thank you for inviting me to
testify Mike Lee German who spent 16
years in the FBI infiltrating neo-nazis
and other far-right armed groups says
giving law enforcement such broad power
and they're likely to use it excessively
against people they're already inclined
to find suspicious beginning with Muslim
Americans and other minorities I think
it confuses the issue totally it's just
the wrong way of looking at this problem
we're really what we need to do is is
take these divisive
and ill define terms like terrorism and
and put those exclusively in the
political arena so the discussion that
happens every time there is a shooting
or some other kind of violent event
around it
is this terrorism or not is a discussion
that belongs in the realm of rhetoric
and politics but when it enters the
realm of from law a criminal law
that's where things get dicey right now
you're saying yeah absolutely I know
from my law enforcement spirit police
tend to be pretty suspicious of a lot of
different people and if they can put
people in as sort of pre-crime enforcers
we can get into a very dangerous space
very quickly and the last thing you
would want to do is take one horrible
case and pass a broad law that creates
more horrible problems in the future the
domestic terrorism bill in Vermont flew
through the state Senate with unanimous
approval now both houses of the
legislature are working on amendments
after which it'll go to the governor's
desk even though the bill couldn't keep
Sawyer himself in jail the notion that
it could help put away any potential
attackers in the future is enough for
the school to support it the efforts to
change the law to address this problem
do you ever worry that they could go too
far and make it too easy for the
authorities to lock someone up just for
talking about doing something so they
haven't gone there and I'm like looking
at this immediate concern that we have
right now everybody is recognizing hey
we have an issue here and I think that's
what we thought about 24/7 since
February 14th
you
