West Hollywood is exactly the place
you'd expect to proclaim a day to be
stormy Daniels Day and hand over a shiny
key to the city in front of Chi Chi
LaRue's adult boutique the community of
West Hollywood was founded more than
three decades ago on the principle that
everyone should be treated with dignity
and fairness and decency from everywhere
you look there are signs of the city's
resistance to President Donald Trump I
hereby declare it stormy Daniels day in
the city of Weston so we've been
fighting this fight and along came this
unlikely heroine you know in the profile
we Carolyn I consider a heroine we're
not giving her an award for being a porn
star I've never seen her movies I'm a
game ad never seen her movie so I don't
really know we're giving her this
presentation but she's taken on the
Trump administration we have somebody
helping us in the fight so Wednesday
stormy Daniels porn star porn director
self-proclaimed adulterer and plaintiff
was the queen of the resistance you just
don't think it's a little ridiculous to
give her the key to the city I think
it's amazing because I think what other
city in the United States would that
happen for some people she is the
perfect counterpoint to the president I
don't judge her for what she's done
this mini coronation of Daniels means
America is a different place than say
the late 90s when another woman who
messed around with a president became
not only a punchline but a pariah why do
you think we live in a world where
squirming Daniels
horns Harvick also adulterer is being
upheld and Monica Lewinsky back then was
basically run out of town I think if
Monica did what she did back then but
now it would be a really different story
and I think that you know she would
probably end up being part of the me2
movement because she'd be like hey I was
an intern in the studio this shitty
thing to me Trump hasn't only altered
the political game whether he meant to
or not
he's helped push this country in a
direction where women with famous first
names aren't just a punchline they can
make money off their stories so
t-shirts and smile as they own their
little corner of history
you
