tonight it may not work out for Jews
well I think that row is at stake in the
Supreme Court and a lot else rest of
Jews JD looking right here buy another
mate of mine neck unity two major
advocacy groups are back in ten women in
nine cities who filed eDoc complaints
against McDonald's for sexual abuse
including a fifteen-year-old in st.
Louis the cases lay out allegations of
groping propositions for sex and decent
exposure and retaliation the u.s. North
Korea peace talks haven't happened yet
but the White House military office has
already mented the commemorative coin
referring to Kim jong-un as Supreme
Leader civil rights groups have blasted
the Education Department for how it
investigates discrimination in schools
secretary Betsy DeVos tried to defend
her stance please explain from me what
you would believe to be vigorous
enforcement of civil rights in the
context of schools today it would be
following the law and enforcing the law
as stated okay so how did you do it if
you continue to try to dismantle and
defund the office I'm not understanding
we haven't done any such thing Sony is
going to become the world's biggest
music publisher after spending 2.3
billion dollars to own 90% of EMI Music
Publishing with streaming revenue on the
rise Sony wants to own more of the
content the purchasing Lee doubles
Sony's music library to more than 4
million songs
president Trump Wilkins South Korean
president moon jae-in to the White House
today and through some cold water on
plans for next month's summit with North
Korea this is a very substantial chance
and it won't work out and that's okay
that doesn't mean it won't work out over
a period of time but it may not work out
for June 12th but as part of the
preparations for those talks
North Korea's been saying it'll offer up
a dramatic goodwill gesture this week
dismantling Hungary the site where
they've tested six bombs and underground
explosions and the letting foreign
journalists witness it the thing is
North Korea's put on a similar demo in
the past and it doesn't necessarily mean
Kim jong-un is ready to give up his
nukes On June 27th 2008 after years of
negotiations with the United States and
other countries North Korea tried to
show the world it was serious about
striking a nuclear deal they invited
international media to watch them blow
up a cooling tower at the Jung Byung
nuclear facility which he previously
supplied plutonium for use in nuclear
bombs at that point North Korea had only
conducted one underground nuclear test
and that explosion was relatively small
negotiations ended up falling apart in
2009 but North Korea was able to keep
conducting nuclear tests in part because
they didn't actually need the cooling
tower to build bombs over the next eight
years North Korea tested five more bombs
and seismology data indicates that each
was bigger than the last the first test
was probably a failure and it was really
small in terms of the power of the
explosive you know is only the
equivalent of a few tons of TNT the last
nuclear explosion was a few hundred
kilotons of TNT which is to say about
ten times bigger than the bombs that
leveled Hiroshima and Nagasaki
yes Luis and his team used data from
satellites and seismologists to create a
3d model of the test site and the
tunnels below it and what they found was
surprising the tunnel setup looked
similar to the one that u.s. used for
its own nuclear tests in Nevada it seems
like North Korea didn't reinvent the
wheel but instead went back to
declassified American and probably
Soviet publications in order to figure
out how to bury and space their tunnels
the last underground explosion in
September of 2017 was so big that it
created a massive cavity in the mountain
big enough to fit the Statue of Liberty
inside after the test that cavity
collapsed which set off speculation that
North Korea's just making a show of
closing the test site because I can't
use it anyway and as Kim jong-un himself
noted and we can see in satellite
photographs there are two other large
tunnel complexes in two different
mountains that are totally fine another
thing experts worry about is that North
Korea will only close the entrances to
the tunnels which could give them the
option of reopening the tunnels and
using them later
north korea has dug these massive tunnel
complexes into rock it's not easy to get
rid of them my guess is that what North
Korea will do is collapse some of the
tunnels maybe the entrances and then
seal them with concrete that renders the
test site unusable but not forever and
it's not like North Korea has a shortage
of mountains or people to dig newton√≠s
recent satellite imagery shows that
North Korea is removing buildings and
equipment from the site ahead of the
upcoming demolition well that's not
necessarily unusual lewis says it could
prevent international inspectors from
getting valuable information about the
size and type of weapons that North
Korea's use their inspectors could have
taken environmental samples in order to
determine how sophisticated North
Korea's nuclear weapons capabilities
were they probably would have been like
kids in a candy store I think that's
probably why we see trucks at the site
now carting all the good stuff off
the test that North Korea conducted
there helped them build an unknown
number of bombs and now Trump is gonna
see what he can get out of the
negotiation I don't think North Korea is
going to give up its nuclear weapons so
Kim jong-un needs to come to the summit
with Donald Trump with some kind of gift
some kind of deliverable I think closing
the Test Site and promising not to
conduct future nuclear tests is a pretty
good thing that you can give Trump that
will make the summit atmosphere more
pleasant North Korea closing the test
site is gonna look great on television
they're going to fly in a whole bunch of
journalists will set up cameras and then
they're gonna blow up the entrances to
the tunnels which will make the
mountains shake it's great TV even if it
isn't really disarmament a wave of
violent crime cleaned his latest victim
last night in Islington an area of North
London where a 30 year old man died from
multiple stab wounds there have now been
67 murders in London this year
forty-two of them involving knives the
UK home office acknowledges that years
of cuts to police budgets are part of
the problem and chronic underfunding of
youth programs isn't helping either
what that means is that the communities
where the killing is happening are
having to act on their own to stop it
the first deaf up in here yeah so right
here open
rest in peace JD got killed right here
by another mate of mine that killed in
Robin Travis grew up in Hackney in the
early 2000s stabbings were rare here he
was 14 but it first happened to him do
you know how many times you've been
stabbed five different occasions
Robin spent his childhood in the middle
of an emerging rivalry between two local
housing estates Camille's 24/7 is no
back-down last thoughts from a young age
do you wanna be the victim or do you
want to be the victor he wrote a book
about his experience of violence growing
up hoping to shed light on the mindset
that causes it and he now hands it out
to young people who he sees are at risk
right yeah after getting stabbed that's
when everything about you can change
because I was never a gangster never a
bad boy there was no gang initiation
stage of none of that crap friends were
mice they grew up together got stabbed
things changed for Enya meant to be
thinking about what subjects she gonna
choose for year 10 that's what you meant
to be doing I wasn't doing I was
planning how I'm gonna kill this point
here with that up my children in
a nutshell the prospect of being stabbed
is all too real for young people across
London Robin regularly visits the
Hackney neighborhood where he grew up
these boys are still children because of
their age we decided to obscure their
identities 16 no zone what's changed
absolutely nothing of an in social media
give me example of how somebody's used
to fuel the violence so if me any matter
of right now he beats me up they take
out the phone they record it if we do
record it then he's only embarrassments
we need people at sorry the vision
recording everyone says I'm from Nana
Escalus Annette
anyone can see it how much of it is
gangs got to do with it it's not always
gangly it's about word that's what the
media soldier is moss it's mostly
retaliation in it how much of it is just
the reality of growing up for people no
it's just what depends where where you
go each always lived this way it happens
they've grown into it though who here
thinks that it's a possibility that they
could get stamped done simply easy quit
nowadays you have to carry a knife
either involved or not because if you're
cheating with or you're hanging around
with others that have a problem with
someone else then you're automatically
involved with that so if you're walking
your mum who conduce turn away about
shopping your turkey they see it really
robbing runs a weekly boxing class come
fruits foundation mark so today former
pro boxer mock prince's helping up
martin lost his 15 year old son kion in
2006 he was stabbed to death that's at
the gates of his school while trying to
break up a fight between two boys how
have you come to understand and view the
tragedy that happened to your son first
understanding is accepting it and that's
very difficult for every parent to do
you're not going to see your child again
but once I accepted that I began moving
on okay so I can now say okay so what's
my role
what key that's a second okay one truth
I realized that a lot of our young men
don't get enough praise do you want to
and that's why I was injecting into that
young man and I used that little
training session and that connection we
had to let him know you're special
you're different you set the trend
you're in charge of your life in the
direction it goes I asked those boys who
here knows someone who's been stabbed
and who here thinks it's a possibility
that that could happen to them and they
all put their hands up well describe
that to me what you wide why is that the
case that's all sad man because they
fully understand people just don't value
their own lives they don't have that
respect they don't have that self-esteem
they don't have that self identity for
themselves and they know at any point at
all when they're on the roads they could
bump into that kind of person
phears controls it's the reality of it
so we just need to be honest in the
community what are the common
misconceptions about knife crime
particularly children stabbing other
children all about no craft I sort of
precision what I know about as being a
prison to the street and having that
mindset of wanting to hurt someone
because you can't beat it
 no crap today the House passed the
right to try act a bill designed to give
patients with life-threatening illnesses
more access to experimental drugs for
the first time they can petition drug
companies directly without having to go
through the FDA it's been a huge
priority for vice president Mike Pence
since his days as governor of Indiana
and President Trump gave the idea of
prime time billing in his State of the
Union people who are terminally ill
should not have to go from country to
country to seek a cure it's time for
Congress to give these wonderful
incredible Americans the right to try
form a Navy pilot an als patient Matt
ballina has been fighting for right to
try since 2014 we first spoke with him
two years ago it's ridiculous a guy I'm
like I've been you know on and off
risking my life for 10 years let me try
some drugs that are gonna potentially
help I think the risk I'm not scared of
it Matt since lost the ability to dress
bathe and feed himself but he was there
to see the bill passed today and things
that could remove the paternalism that
currently dictates who gets access to
certain drugs and who doesn't
words rebel allows me to negotiate with
pharmaceuticals outside of the purview
of the FDA right now I really want to
try the selfish therapy called neuro
as israel and i have not been able
together we don't know if it will work
but we know if I if I trying nothing I'm
going to die I am no other options but
while right to try sounds great in
theory in practice it raises a host of
complicated ethical problems 90% of
drugs that start testing in human
subjects are eventually going to fail so
what this bill is trying to do is saying
we're gonna make these drugs accessible
to the patients who need them before we
can determine whether they actually work
or not you could argue certainly that if
you have a life-threatening disease you
are less concerned about side effects
but if the side effects are severe
enough that they reduce the amount of
time you can survive and that's
significant right to try also makes it
sound like patients will now have
guaranteed access to experimental drugs
they won't patients will now be able to
petition drug companies without the FDA
getting involved for pharma companies
like rainstorm cell therapeutics which
makes the drug map wants to try will
still decide whether or not to make
their drugs available to patients very
small company 25 employees doing it very
complex big trial we're not one of these
big pharmaceuticals they're able to
focus in so many directions at the same
time it remains to be seen whether the
FDA will be cut out of the process
completely the patients still think
they're in a better position today than
they were yesterday I believe that in
the beginning most pharma companies
gonna be very reluctant to do this we're
going to be after be the ones driving
this and getting them
in Spain President Trump will spend his
evening speaking at the susan b anthony
lists campaign for life gala and just in
time for the speech the administration
announced that it's moving to ban
certain federal funds from being used at
any health organization that performs
abortions Planned Parenthood knows it's
a target of that policy and it says the
change would be quote an attempt to take
away women's basic rights Planned
Parenthood doesn't shy away from these
battles and for the last 12 years Cecile
Richards has been the group's general
thank you she's tenacious and she's
articulate but on May 1st
she stepped down in the middle of some
of the toughest fights that Planned
Parenthood has ever taken on one of the
first people who tried to defend Planned
Parenthood is Vice President Mike Pence
wouldn't this be sort of the time to
keep on going with the experience that
you have well so I've been doing this
job for 12 years and which is longer
than I ever actually thought I mean it's
a long time and I feel like the
organization actually perhaps mainly or
perhaps in part because Mike Pence is
the vice president this organization is
stronger now than ever
there's never a good time to leave in
the sense that you know and particularly
it's hard to leave an organization like
this or a job like this but I also felt
like we've invested in a whole
generation of leaders and it's important
to step aside and make room for them
talk me through that just a little bit
more why right now it's 12 years 12
years like I think that's like three the
three presidential terms or two Congrats
to Senate terms or it's a long time her
time at Planned Parenthood has made her
very recognizable
but she points to this as the moment
when people actually found out who she
was
do you solemnly swear or affirm that the
testimony you're about to give will be
the truth the whole truth and nothing
but the truth that congressional
testimony gave millions of people five
hours of an insight into two things one
who's in charge of Congress and it was
horrifying for a lot of people and
particularly women and two for a lot of
people they learned a lot about Planned
Parenthood and what we do we're proud of
the health care that we deliver every
single year despite the animosity by
some the more those guys got mad at me
and threatened me and then the veins and
their head started popping at I said
sometimes people it's not always what
you say sometimes it's just what you
mean I was like wow I got a chill on
this because they're actually doing my
job for me so then do you think one of
the ways to kind of solve the problem is
to publicize Planned Parenthood even
more 100% in fact I would say every time
people focus on what we do it's the best
good morning thank you so we're you to
look around yes okay is the organization
more political since you took it over I
would say our movement is stronger
twelve years ago one of the reasons I
believe that I was hired was that we we
are an expert at providing reproductive
health care that is unassailable but
increasingly it was difficult to provide
that care because of the political
attacks on reproductive rights and I
think we have built a much stronger
organization to take those on at the
state and the federal level the
organization actually is more popular
now than it's ever been before
popular may not be the right word
Planned Parenthood pulls okay a recent
NBC Wall Street Journal poll found that
52% of Americans have a positive view of
the organization and while public
opinion on abortion has steadily become
more favorable in 2017 you said 40
percent of Americans still think it
should be illegal the week Richards was
signing books in Arizona the Arizona
Legislature was debating a budget bill
that could direct funds away from
Planned Parenthood and they just sued
the governor of Iowa over the six week
and people are gonna keep putting bills
out there they're gonna keep making laws
it's gonna keep going to the Supreme
Court until they figure out a way to
overturn roe v wade basically that's
what it seems like it's moving
I do believe roe is at risk and that
this president I mean there are a lot of
things that this presidency can't do
isn't doing or it's unclear what they're
doing but in terms of reshaping our
federal judiciary with some of the most
right-wing judges appointed now for a
lifetime
they are doing that and I absolutely
agree I think that Roe is at stake in
the Supreme Court and a lot else but I
would say in the last 12 years we've
made enormous progress do you think
you're winning some days you win
sometimes you lose but I think in terms
of the long haul we're absolutely
winning and if I were like stepping back
and just try to look at the big sort of
the big picture I think the Republican
leadership in this country is on a
iceberg that is getting smaller and is
floating out to sea
sometimes that leadership reaches out to
Richards in February of 2017 Jared
Kushner and Ivanka Trump invited her and
her husband to an awkward breakfast at
Trump's Bedminster golf course in her
book she described a proposal Kushner
had for her quote if Planned Parenthood
wanted to keep her federal funding we
would have to stop providing abortions
if we would agree to that funding for
Planned Parenthood might just increase
Kushner even offered to talk to speaker
Ryan about it did you ever consider
thinking through whether that deal was
feasible I would say to Jared Kushner
proposal that we he didn't suggest you
separate it out he suggested Planned
Parenthood quit providing abortion
services but it doesn't matter however
you describe it essentially what he's
saying I believe is abortion is
different somehow we're gonna it should
be different for people and what we
believe at Planned Parenthood is that a
patient who comes into our doors should
get the same treatment should have the
same opportunities no matter what they
need is there a world where you could be
like okay government of these states you
don't want Planned Parenthood we'll take
our resources we'll take our access
we'll go to states that aren't trying to
attack us
when it gets well because I come from
Texas and I know what it means for the
patients that we have in Texas to be
able to come to play and parent and
there's no way we're gonna walk away
from them if planned period where would
entail
which ERDs may say the sustained
conservative attack on abortion and
Planned Parenthood is just then playing
short-sighted politics but she also
admits it's kind of working I guess if I
were to project ahead they're gonna be
states where it's affordable available
legal women can you know without stigma
without shame and there's gonna be
states where it's really hard and I know
look a lot of our politicians want it
that way if a woman is determined to
terminate a pregnancy she's going to do
it whether it's safe or not and the
women that it's gonna fall upon are the
ones who have the least access to
medical care that's what keeps me up at
night
and is you know
nobody's free till everybody's free and
right now that's the way this I think
this government is going
that song made me realize what a huge
dick I am
parents caring raucous some of my
favorite they do the the bass drum thing
that we always refer to as Airy horse
farts and it always makes me laugh
it sounds like some confused young white
dudes mom that's hog is an amalgam of so
many things poppier kind of melody based
alternative or independent music I just
come from the land of the Pixies forward
like my own bands are like that too I
cannot tell you who that is though it's
the front bottoms
well obviously off the top it's the old
Sesame Street song 1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 10 11
there's something about dudes talking
about religion even if they're talking
about how stupid is that turns me off so
hard that I can't and I listen to it
like really listening I'm like okay this
is really clever his cadence is really
good he's excellent I feel like a dick
and I am a dick but I'm just fatigued on
the topic in general my damn eye are you
playing with me
you don't even like girls it's good it's
a good dialogue I like that people talk
to each other again hearing these two
people kind of telling the other I'm
confused
well this is what I'll take here's my
boundaries this is what I'll do that was
really cool that's what you want young
people to hear way to be
you
you
