J Vance who's dubbed himself j-bot has
been touring and performing with
different bands for over 20 years but
he's built most of his bandmates she
plays faster than your stupid drummer he
started out by playing the human
bandmate but it didn't work out like
can't get along with people so it's a
lot easier to just build robots to play
with to have to like wait for a bassist
to like tune his bass and stuff
all right alike if someone's playing and
they just can't get that riff and I'm
like I could program a robot to do your
rhythmic yeah
no no no he's preparing to get one of
his bands the teddy bear Orchestra back
together for the first time in 11 years
the goop is made of salvaged parts held
together with levers and pulleys where's
the input oh and the whole thing is
powered by pneumatic air pressure the
air cylinders comes down and press it
and then the elastic pulls it back up he
uses a sequencer and a MIDI keyboard to
choreograph and write the music a robot
can play things that a person maybe
wouldn't you know cuz I've got all these
fingers you can do all these weird
things
the music isn't for everyone it's an
original sound it's nice to have sounds
that don't sound like everybody else
each robot is different for what
controls what I mean there's different
channels there's different note numbers
that control different things so I just
have to go in you don't have to put in
the information to make each robot play
with it with a keyboard it's all set up
so I could you know control motions left
and right up and down the last time
teddybear caster actually played a gig
that was just these two bears now you
know I'm in the band the horns are in
the band
Whitey's in the bands that has never
been seen like live it's not AI but it
still seems like a lot of work to avoid
playing with other humans
this is the worst setting up and
breaking down with you with any band
you're putting yourself out there but as
a solo thing and as a first show out
that's pressure
I originally saw them as a duo very
excited to see the band's growth and
development live performances are the
one timely j-bot enjoys human attention
I was blessed with having a totally
obsessive-compulsive you know brain that
just keeps going on and so I just take
the ideas that I have and I put them
into material things and I make things
work
you
