tonight trolling Mark Zuckerberg your
user agreement shops trolling Mark
Zuckerberg why are you doing this and
the downsides of little Pharma
a team of investigators is getting set
to deploy to Syria
to determine whether there was in fact a
chemical weapons attack in the town of
Duma the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons says the
Syrian government and its Russian
backers requested the investigation
president Trump canceled his plans to
travel to South America later this week
to oversee the response to the situation
in Syria this morning he met with the
Emir of Qatar who said the two countries
are committed to stopping terrorism
funda and me and the president we see
eye to eye that this matter has to stop
immediately we can't tolerate with a war
criminal we can tolerate was someone who
could more than offer million of his own
people
Julius creep all the daughter of former
Russian spies Sergey screep Hall has
been released from a British hospital in
early March the two were exposed to a
military-grade nerve agent nearly killed
which the UK the US and other
governments have concluded was a murder
attempt by Russian security agencies
Salisbury District Hospital says that
Sergey scrape all won't be released yet
although he's recovering more slowly the
new year we hope that he too will be
able to leave hospital in due course in
response to reports that yulia was moved
to a secure location the russian embassy
in the UK released a statement accusing
the british government of isolating
yulia and blocking an impartial
investigation
leaders of the FARC the former rebel
group in Colombia say the country's
peace process could be in danger
after a senior FARC member was arrested
in Bogota at the request of the United
States
hey Suisun treat was indicted Monday by
a grand jury in New York for planning to
smuggle a cocaine shipment worth 320
million dollars to the United States the
arrest enraged FARC members and hundreds
gathered outside the Colombian attorney
general's office to protest Colombia's
government signed a peace treaty with
FARC in 2016 and the rebels agreed to
stop hostilities and become a political
party instead Roy Moore is countersuing
one of the women who accused him of
sexual misconduct the former Alabama
Supreme Court Judge and Senate candidate
filed a lawsuit against Lee Curfman
after she sued Moore for defamation
Coffman was one of several women who
accused Moore during a Senate bid last
year of sexual misconduct
she said that he touched her
inappropriately when she was 14
Moore denies all of the claims and is
filing a tax Coffman's defamation suit
is quote frivolous and groundless and
says it amounts to defamation of him
isn't it Facebook's job to better
protect its users this is the most
intense public scrutiny I've seen
Facebook collects the call and text
histories of its users after more than a
decade of promises to do better how is
today's apology different would you be
comfortable sharing with us the name of
the hotel you stayed in last night
anyone been fired on that app review
review team your User Agreement sucks
that's Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg
getting theatrically taken to the
woodshed by the Senate Judiciary and
Commerce Committee for Facebook's many
many privacy scandals of the past year
as much fun as the Senate had dishing it
out to someone younger and richer it's
not clear of Zeki Berg's testimony today
and tomorrow will lead to any tangible
regulation of Facebook but that's not to
say the government is powerless to hurt
Facebook's business in 2011 Facebook
settled with the Federal Trade
Commission over another privacy
controversy entering it into what's
called the consent decree that decree
lasts for 20 years and requires Facebook
to protect the privacy and
confidentiality of its users information
among other things
Ashkan Soltani was the chief
technologist of FTC and worked on the
2011 Facebook investigation it's kind of
like probation think about a legal
system where the company is on probation
for doing something problematic and then
during this probation period if they
violate the rules of the probation at
that point as an additional action which
can incur fines or fees etc now the FTC
is investigating Facebook to see if it
violated that decree in the wake of the
Cambridge analytical scandal and the
fines could be huge for each violation
of the consent decree Facebook could be
fined the maximum civil penalty of
41,000 $484 Facebook estimates 71
million Americans had their information
swept up by Cambridge analytic ah
Facebook also admitted last week that
malicious actors scraped the public
information of one
and ten million users now if those are
each determined to be a violation of the
consent decree the potential fine can be
trillions of dollars they will find that
large isn't likely the political reality
is that to bring anything that would
actually impact Facebook would require a
lot of political will which doesn't
exist right now in Washington I think
there would be very hard to bring multi
hundreds of million dollars fine against
the company and anything less I think
would be essentially a speed bump at
least one part of Zuckerberg has
prepared remarks though to promise
significant self-imposed change to make
sure no other app developers out there
are misusing data we're now
investigating every single app that had
access to a large amount of information
in the past and if we find that someone
improperly used data we're gonna ban
them from Facebook and tell everyone
affected third to prevent this from ever
happening again going forward we're
making sure that developers can access
as much information now that means that
apps that work with Facebook will now be
restricted to only three pieces of
information about you you can choose to
share more information with the app but
Facebook will require developers to sign
a contract with Facebook if they want
that access but Facebook has yet to say
exactly what that contract will entail
the Facebook's credit that would mean a
lot less information being shared about
you then apps can get on other platforms
for example on Gmail unrolled out me a
service that automatically removed users
from subscription email lists collects
information from your emails about what
you buy and sells that information to
its clients third party Twitter app uber
social has a privacy policy that says
they share your personal information
with third parties like their business
partners and advertisers in Twitter's
own user policies says they quote may
also share information with other
companies but Facebook's promises aren't
ironclad
that's why soccer burger was hauled
before the Senate in the first place
we do not advise that anyone watching
this video do what is about to be done
here on October 17
Tristan Roberts an activist and software
engineer injected himself with a
solution that he hoped would modify his
genes to cure his HIV for someone who
dedicated this song people who have died
while not being able to access treatment
even though those treatments were
available
Tristan stopped taking conventional HIV
meds two years ago because he hated the
side effects instead he tried an
experimental gene-therapy developed by a
startup called ascendance biomedical
this therapy that you're injecting
yourself is what is it how does it work
it's pretty much like a small circular
piece of DNA and it contains the
instructions to create an antibody they
found this antibody being expressed by
someone who wasn't taking their medicine
whose de NIH researchers and this
antibody it binds to a part of the virus
and that prevents the virus from being
able to latch onto my cells it's giving
my body the instructions on how to do it
so ascendance found that paper took that
research how did they do that it's the
Internet it's like a lot of information
is becoming publicly available and this
is fueling the the bio hacking
revolution the first round of Tristan's
gene therapy didn't work but instead of
going back on his fda-approved meds
Tristan flew to Jacksonville Florida to
try a modified dose
ascendance biomechanical is run by one
guy Aaron Traywick what's different
about ascendance compared to your
typical biomechanical company we work
directly with the public and try and
maintain a public transparency that is
necessary in order to facilitate greater
and greater levels of access both to our
compounds as well as to self
experimentation in general
philosophically the idea is to get new
treatments to people faster than the
FDA's approval process allows because
that process in the view of most
biohackers is slow expensive and
corrupted by Big Pharma practically it
means ascendance develops experimental
compounds for people who want to be
their own guinea pigs Aaron is 28 years
old and he has no training in medicine
but he believes in what he's doing at
least enough to test another gene
therapy this one for herpes on himself
at a biohacking conference
how is ascendance biomedical funded
where does the money come from so we are
primarily self-funded by our founders I
am a majority investor are you planning
on getting any kind of return on that
investment of course there's a return on
the investment but it's more a long game
than anything else it's illegal to
market something as medicine if it
hasn't been approved by the FDA but lots
of chemicals are sold as research
compounds typically for science
experiments and even though companies
can't market these for human consumption
legally speaking people are free to try
them on themselves if they want what's
different about what Tristan is doing
that's not a normal clinic clinic trial
there's not that much different what
Tristan is doing than what's already
legally allowed by the FDA through the
FDA's compassionate use programs it
makes sense as a company to provide
those therapies to individuals who want
to
experiment but just because you can
experiment on yourself
does that mean you should Karin masky is
a researcher at the Hastings Center
which helped establish the field of
bioethics there were reasons that rules
were put in place about which drugs for
medical purposes can get on the market
and those rules were put in place
because people were harmed by people
many who were lay people who were
concocting potions in their kitchens and
even if they weren't harmed they were
spending money on on products it didn't
work so even if Tristan Roberts injects
himself with this gene therapy and it
works is it good or safe for him to then
go promulgating that therapy that's the
question
is the claim that it that thing you're
calling it actually had the effect that
you're seeing and that's hard to detect
with one person nobody knows exactly how
many biohacking companies there are but
they're out there
sometimes in nondescript strip malls
like this one where a sentence
biomedical rent space for one of their
DIY labs as lab manager ascendance hired
gabriel escena a bio hacker with a
biology degree from the university of
washington this is all like really basic
lab stuff it's like really
straightforward stuff we've got a
mammalian cell incubator here various
devices for spinning things this cool
little guy is totally an airsoft rifle
for shooting genetic material into cells
okay this is minus 166 it's totally like
a sci-fi movie Shh and we got like a
little back room this is this is where I
store my nerds
biohacking is just kind of this thing
that everybody is decided to use as a
rebranding of I'm doing science and I'm
not doing it in a university but at the
end of the day you're just doing science
Gabe is a die-hard believer in open
source he thinks that the fruits of
biohacking should be owned by no one and
available to everyone for free one of
the sweetest things about open source is
if you do good work
people give you money if somebody does
doesn't want to pay you also should be
okay
telling somebody they have to pay you
you're going to be sick unless you have
money is kind of not cool so we're gonna
do something cool and we're gonna see
what happens that has led to friction
between Gabe and Aaron the CEO what's
your opinion of Aaron end of ascendance
biomedic the boat floats I'm just not
100% sure about captain or the crew the
night before tristan roberts was
supposed to inject himself with the
second round of HIV therapy we met up
with the ascendance biomedical crew for
dinner it's like you want to make the
things so that everyone owns it and you
want to own the thing no I want to make
the thing so that everybody can benefit
from it
whatever gets it to the most people as
quickly as possible and actually a leave
me this way to get it to a lot of people
give it away for free and I don't think
we've ever seen that open source has
been able to do that oh really do you
want to talk about Linux are you in
everyone the entire world access to
everything that you're doing then you
leave the door wide open for unsavory
and potentially negative players to take
that technology and do things that can
hurt themselves and that can hurt other
people but ultimately that can hurt the
field okay let's say that you let's say
that your treatment works right for you
mm-hm
who then has control over that well
ultimately it depends on the clinical
development and how we're able to
partner with nonprofits NGOs and
hospital network service to say he does
the only thing that I'm saying here is
that it requires a lot of different
partnerships outside of our group and so
are you going to be able to distribute
it are you going to be the one who need
she aches with the government's and the
embassies and make sure they can
actually go into the countries you are
assuming executive control I've not
heard any offers to get involved in
those processes by anyone else it's just
fun story I'll just not do lab work
we're working through it by the next
morning things between them had gotten
even worse we're here at the lab where
the therapy was supposed to be delivered
today it has not been delivered we
really just don't know what's going to
happen as it turned out the HIV
treatment wasn't ready for testing in
the fight over who should own ascendance
biomedical products boiled over we
caught up with Aaron later that day so
what just happened
Gabriel who served as our lab manager
and Justin who served as the laboratory
technician have been effectively kicked
out of the lab space and the locks have
been changed a big part of the mission
of ascendance biomedical is showing that
this kind of research science can happen
outside of the conventional
institutional structures I have to be
honest what we've seen so far this week
doesn't inspire a ton of confidence well
the only way that I ever want the world
to see us is as a never ending fight
against these diseases
that night the CEO carried his lab crews
personal equipment to the curb and
Tristan Roberts was forced to reconsider
the merits of Big Pharma so what do you
think this says more broadly about bio
hockey it's going to be hard to ever
scale it up beyond sort of
do-it-yourself kits where you maybe can
do it to one person but doing it to
dozens hundreds of people it's always
going to require investment almost
always are you going to go back on your
antiretroviral medication do you think
at least for a time I've been off of it
for two years and it's probably for the
best
suppressive for a while a city of 7.4
million people Hong Kong is one of the
most expensive places in the world to
live in and it's one of the most
expensive to die in - for the same
reason space just a few generations ago
ground burials were the preferred option
here but today more than 80 percent of
Hong Kong's dead are cremated to save
money time and real estate their ashes
are stored in urns that are housed in
misha's in column barians like this
Malita wrong you go hey writer you know
God all things come so hardly waggy
Toit's mother is seriously ill in the
hospital so now she's searching for the
final resting place that her parents
reserved my dog body winner
no rancour can roam are ye when the ways
bought that two cubic foot sized spots
nearly 20 years ago it costs them
$25,000 a bargain by today's standards
I will lean called evening tea Nina need
all letters they don't something why
they were my mother
okay mine now you but what do you like
God yeah go home Lena Callie okay let go
okay yeah a niche in the cities priciest
private columbarium can cost you up to
three hundred and eighty thousand
dollars Saguaro Alya and most Hong
Kong's like cabbie Chan can't afford
that she is waiting for space for her
grandfather's ashes at a public one
which costs about three hundred and
fifty dollars
the average wait time is four years a
year hurry up means ok come on cold so
Auto a patent for dy laughs I got their
children while a community young young
body white or they thinking okay was how
old all of all you know that already
while off for a while she secretly kept
her grandfather's ashes at home a taboo
in Chinese culture if I communicated
Tito all vital Purcell Kayla don't go
young gang wait I know God yo-yo Buffalo
okay covered if I came in an early
picture is she that would be quite yet
yeah come on
there were so many people in chance
situation that the government had to
start offering temporary storage for
ashes in 2011 though that arrangement
doesn't allow relatives to pay their
respects to their elders Chan has come
up with a workaround communicant always
sue my Libya yeah um don't you oh yeah
GABA : only two public Columbarium have
been built in Hong Kong in the last six
years to alleviate the problem the
government has been pushing so-called
green burials in 11 gardens of
remembrance she's not generally followed
each other my engineers have here
families can spread the ashes of their
relatives but just over 10% of Hong
Kong's dead are laid to rest this way
there are other more entrepreneurial
solutions as well some companies are
offering Hong Kong residents Nisha's in
mainland China and soon an app called
by veneration will allow its users to
design graves in virtual reality all pay
their respects to their ancestors with
augmented reality
but wag it wha has different plans she
wants to keep it simple you know I like
aa bikini bikini car like a serious I'm
not allowed to yell at boo boo to test
it right I'm actually don't quite
remember the monopoly man who crashed a
congressional hearing last fall on the
Equifax data breach that was Amanda
Lerner a political activist who works at
a progressive advocacy group in
Washington but today they took the day
off to attend Zuckerberg hearing once
again in costume hi are you Evan I see
you thanks for having us
tell me exactly what it is you're doing
today so today I'm attending Mark
Zuckerberg testimony in front of the
Senate Judiciary & Commerce committee's
and I will be going you know with my
signature sense of style so you're going
to a committee hearing dressed as a
Russian troll yeah I think it's
appropriate you know it's about Russian
trolls
okay so what I tried to do is just kind
of create a troll doll new delusion
I actually originally considered buying
a body suit it's just like flesh-colored
but I figured to Senator Grassley would
not be a fan of that so I've got the the
shirts in the pants and then I've got a
little jewel for my belly button I
thought I was gonna have to make this I
thought I was gonna just buy it on the
wig and like put a bunch of hairspray
and stuff but you know turns out there
are a lot of options for trolls on the
go honestly this is a really tiny wig
it's kind of like a child size so it
can't actually cover all my hair well so
we're just gonna try to make it work how
do you get into a Senate hearing dressed
like this I've always been able to get
inside the room it's more what happens
when I'm on the inside
so we'll see honestly the key to doing
this part is just not being embarrassed
and luckily that's a skillet ass I
actually got this Russian soccer scarf a
little bit like a Russian woman who she
can just to like you know get it get it
across oh yeah this is 100 rubles if you
recall from my monopoly man stunt I had
a moment where I wiped my forehead with
a $100 bill so you know the best
comedians know to call back to their
most popular materials did jewel like
she really makes it I have to say I was
skeptical of a jewel until I see the
whole thing put together
yeah why are you doing this um I mean
there's a lot of reasons but you know
one of the most personal ones is
actually just this morning that I found
out that my dad I was exposed to
Cambridge analytic ethroo this weird you
know personality quiz app and so I'm one
of the 87 million Facebook users whose
privacy was violated
so I'm attending not only to you know
kind of call attention at this point I'm
also attending because I want to see
what Zuckerberg says this is how I
choose to express my anger and I think
you know honestly you know in 2017 2018
I feel like you can burn out really
easily if you keep getting angry and so
I think we have to find creative
channels to you know put that energy and
use it to hopefully create a better
world I think part of what I want to do
is use how ridiculous I look to
highlight how ridiculous the things that
the senators and Mark Zuckerberg are
gonna be saying you know cuz i think one
thing senators often do here is they try
to use this as their kind of moment in
the spotlight their time to be like hard
on these terrible ceos and then they
don't actually back it up with any
legislation
so what's it like in there it's tense
they have it all set up basically so
that the audience the people in the
crowd are really far away and
fortunately so I'm not able to do what I
was able to do last time you know kind
of sort of bomb them the whole time
but it wasn't the whole point of this
that there would be a shot of Mark
Zuckerberg and then there would be this
troll behind Mark Zuckerberg dad watch
this on TV but if you didn't get the
shot
doesn't that mean this whole thing was
kind of a failure Oh first of all people
are enjoying it the media is paying
attention I think people are talking
about it on social media so as long as
that's working out I think it's good
also you know frankly I think seeing the
number of creative protesters and that
really shows me that monopoly man is
working and starting to spread as a
movement and that's really my biggest
goal that's vice news tonight for
Tuesday April 10th
you
