president Trump will spend his evening
speaking at the susan b anthony list
campaign for life gala and just in time
for the speech the administration
announced that it's moving to be in
certain federal funds from being used at
any health organization that performs
abortions Planned Parenthood knows it's
a target of that policy and it says the
change would be quote an attempt to take
away women's basic rights Planned
Parenthood doesn't shy away from these
battles and for the last 12 years Cecile
Richards has been the group's general
thank you she's tenacious and she's
articulate but on May 1st she stepped
down in the middle of some of the
toughest fights that Planned Parenthood
has ever taken on one of the first
people who tried to defend Planned
Parenthood is Vice President Mike Pence
wouldn't this be sort of the time to
keep on going with the experience that
you have well so I've been doing this
job for 12 years and which is longer
than I ever actually thought I mean it's
a long time and I feel like the
organization actually perhaps mainly or
perhaps in part because Mike Pence is
the vice president this organization is
stronger now than ever there's never a
good time to leave in the sense that you
know and particularly it's hard to leave
an organization like this or a job like
this but I also felt like we've invested
in a whole generation of leaders and
it's important to step aside and make
room for them talk me through that just
a little bit more why right now it's 12
years 12 years like I think that's like
three the three presidential terms or
two Congrats to Senate terms or it's a
long time her time at Planned Parenthood
has made her very recognizable but she
points to this as the moment when people
actually found out who she was
do you solemnly swear or affirm that the
testimony you're about to give will be
the truth the whole truth and nothing
but the truth that congressional
testimony gave millions of people five
hours of an insight into two things one
who's in charge of Congress and
was horrifying for a lot of people and
particularly women and too for a lot of
people they learned a lot about Planned
Parenthood and what we do we're proud of
the health care that we deliver every
single year despite the animosity by
some the more those guys got mad at me
and threatened me and then the veins and
their head started popping out I said
sometimes people it's not always what
you say sometimes it's just what you
mean I was like wow
I got a chill on this because they're
actually doing my job for me so then do
you think one of the ways to kind of
solve the problem is to publicize
Planned Parenthood even more a hundred
percent in fact I'd say every time
people focus on what we do it's the best
good morning I'm the manager how you
doing thank you so we're gonna look
around yes okay is the organization more
political since you took it over I would
say our movement is stronger twelve
years ago one of the reasons I believe
that I was hired was that we we are an
expert at providing reproductive health
care that is unassailable but
increasingly it was difficult to provide
that care because of the political
attacks on reproductive rights and I
think we have built a much stronger
organization to take those on at the
state in the federal level the
organization actually is more popular
now than it's ever been before
popular may not be the right word
Planned Parenthood pulls okay a recent
NBC Wall Street Journal poll found that
52% of Americans have a positive view of
the organization and while public
opinion on abortion has steadily become
more favorable in 2017 pew said 40
percent of Americans still think it
should be illegal the week Richards was
signing books in Arizona the Arizona
Legislature was debating a budget bill
that could direct funds away from
Planned Parenthood and they just sued
the governor of Iowa over the six week
abortion ban
people are gonna keep putting bills out
there there and keep making laws it's
gonna keep going to the Supreme Court
until they figure out a way to overturn
roe v wade basically that's what it
seems like it's moving
I do believe roe is at risk and that
this president I mean there are a lot of
things that this presidency can't do
isn't doing or it's unclear what they're
doing but in terms of reshaping our
federal judiciary with some of the most
right-wing judges appointed now for a
lifetime they are doing that and I
absolutely agree I think that Roe is at
stake in the Supreme Court and a lot
else but I would say in the last 12
years we've made enormous progress so
you think you're winning some days you
win sometimes you lose but I think in
terms of the long haul we're absolutely
winning and if I were like stepping back
I'd just try to look at the big sort of
the big picture
I think the Republican leadership in
this country is on a iceberg that is
getting smaller and is floating out to
sea
sometimes that leadership reaches out to
Richards in February of 2017 Jared
Kushner and Ivanka Trump invited her and
her husband to an awkward breakfast at
Trump's Bedminster golf course in her
book she described a proposal Kushner
had for her quote if Planned Parenthood
wanted to keep her federal funding we
would have to stop providing abortions
if we would agree to that funding for
Planned Parenthood might just increase
Kushner even offered to talk to speaker
Ryan about it did you ever consider
thinking through whether that deal was
feasible I would say - Jared Kushner's
proposal that we he didn't suggest you
separate it out he suggested Planned
Parenthood quit providing abortion
services but it doesn't matter however
you describe it essentially what he's
saying I believe is abortion is
different somehow
we're gonna it should be different for
people and what we believe at Planned
Parenthood is that a patient who comes
into our doors should get the same
treatment should have the same
opportunities no matter what they need
is there a world where you could be like
okay government of these states you
don't want Planned Parenthood we'll take
our resources we'll take our access
we'll go to states that aren't trying to
attack us
because well because I come from Texas
and I know what it means for the
patients that we have in Texas to be
able to come to Planned Parenthood and
there's no way we're gonna walk away
from them if Planned Parenthood interior
to sustained conservative attack on
abortion and Planned Parenthood is just
them playing short-sighted politics but
she also admits it's kind of working I
guess if I were to project ahead they're
gonna be states where it's affordable
available legal women can you know
without stigma without shame and there's
gonna be states where it's really hard
and I know look a lot of our politicians
want it that way if a woman is
determined to terminate a pregnancy
she's gonna do it whether it's safe or
not and the women that it's gonna fall
upon are the ones who have the least
access to medical care that's what keeps
me up at night and is yeah nobody's free
till everybody's free and right now
that's the way this
I think this government is going
you
