New York City's sewage system processes
1.3 billion gallons of wastewater a day
and once that happens it's got to go
somewhere these days
that means shipping a dried sewage
product called bio solids by train to
landfills usually in poor rural
communities it's a fragile system and if
something goes wrong New Yorkers aren't
the ones who bear the brunt of it for
the last few weeks something in this
small Alabama town smelled bad really
bad I came out on my back porch they
have my coffee and I had to go right
back into my house because the smell
took your breath away can you describe
the smell smelled like a dead whore then
they discovered the source I don't know
if I can put it on the go ahead camera
human it turns out that that smell
torturing the small town was from a 250
container train from New York City we
call it poop train I mean there's just
no way around it I mean that's just what
it is
the cargo was destined for Big Sky
environmental a landfill west of
Birmingham in a town called Adamsville
but West Jefferson the town where the
materials would be offloaded to trucks
for delivery won an injunction against
the company and Big Sky was forced to
use another location a rail siding right
next to the pair of softball field
when you recover that ball pitch
Timothy's there
the sludge wasn't exactly welcoming
Parrish either it's the Duke the Train
and it is literally 75 yards off of that
here right there I got six hamburgers on
the grill and eight hot dogs I would
normally have 100 hot dogs on there and
at least 60 hamburgers that's how we
fund our balls the child for the fields
to paint for the fields have to go
really really really slow and take the
hit
mayor Heather Hall got her start in
politics trying to save the local high
school and bring jobs to the struggling
former coal town now she's dealing with
a glitch in the nation's biggest sewage
system so what is going on here right
now in the town of parish we have about
80 containers of bio solids which would
be considered sewer sludge but earlier
we had probably 260 of these containers
this part of it there's no regulations
EPA they have no control over this
whatsoever Alabama Department of Public
Health they don't have anything to do
with this there's no one you can really
appeal to beyond accompaniments nobody
it just seems to me that there has to be
a better solution to move this material
handle this material to dispose of the
material for decades New York City put
its sewage on barges and dumped them 106
miles off the Atlantic coast the
Congress unanimously banned the ocean
dumping of sewage in 1988 so New York
started processing its wastewater into
bio solids paying contractors to remove
it from the city until recently that
meant moving treated waste to states
like Texas and Colorado for use as a
farm fertilizer but the hundred million
dollar a year program was ditched in
2009 for a cheaper option landfills by
2010 at least eighty percent of the
city's bio solids were being dumped into
rural landfill sites sometimes as far
away as Alabama okay they didn't work it
down hard to get it you know so why is
it there hard to get it out I'm saying
feels like they're picking on us right
you know wasting so so long as it's
taking a lot longer than we had thought
it would but I can't snap my fingers and
make it disappear you know I agree right
there well yeah why real a Big Sky
representative told vice news tonight
they plan to finish removing the drain
cars and keep operating the landfill but
after the news broke about big skies
problems New York terminated his
contract with the company and has to
find a new location for the biosolids
that were going to Alabama it's just
like one another hardship that the town
of parish has you know has to deal with
because like I said the first time you
google parish Alabama you're gonna have
poop train
you
