isn't Facebook's job to better protect
its users this is the most intense
public scrutiny I've seen Facebook
collects the call and text histories of
its users after more than a decade of
promises to do better how was today's
apology different would you be
comfortable sharing with us the name of
the hotel you stayed in last night
anyone been fired on that app review
review team your User Agreement sucks
that's Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg
getting theatrically taken to the
woodshed
by the Senate Judiciary and Commerce
Committee for Facebook's many many
privacy scandals of the past year as
much fun as the Senate had dishing it
out to someone younger and richer it's
not clear of dr. Burke's testimony today
and tomorrow will lead to any tangible
regulation of Facebook but that's not to
say the government is powerless to hurt
Facebook's business in 2011 Facebook
settled with the Federal Trade
Commission over another privacy
controversy entering it into what's
called the consent decree that decree
lasts for 20 years and requires Facebook
to protect the privacy and
confidentiality of its users information
among other things
Ashkan Soltani was the chief
technologist of the FTC and worked on
the 2011 facebook investigation it's
kind of like probation you think about a
legal system where the company is on
probation for doing something
problematic and then during that this
probation period if they violate the
rules of the probation at that point as
an additional action which can incur
fines or the cetera now the FTC is
investigating Facebook to see if it
violated that decree in the wake of the
Cambridge analytical scandal and the
fines could be huge for each violation
of the consent decree Facebook could be
fined the maximum civil penalty of
41,000 $484 Facebook estimates 71
million Americans had their information
swept up by Cambridge analytic ah
Facebook also admitted last
that malicious actors scrape the public
information of 110 million users now if
those are each determined to be a
violation of the consent decree the
potential fine could be trillions of
dollars they will find that large isn't
likely the political reality is that to
bring anything that would actually
impact Facebook would require a lot of
political will which doesn't exist right
now in Washington I think there would be
very hard to bring multi hundreds of
million dollar fine against the company
and anything less I think would be
essentially a speed bump at least one
part of Zuckerberg has prepared remarks
though to promise significant
self-imposed change to make sure no
other app developers out there are
misusing data we're now investigating
every single app that had access to a
large amount of information in the past
and if we find that someone improperly
used data we're gonna ban them from
Facebook and tell everyone affected
third to prevent this from ever
happening again going forward we're
making sure that developers can access
as much information now that means that
apps that work with Facebook will now be
restricted to only three pieces of
information about you you can choose to
share more information with the app but
Facebook will require developers to sign
a contract with Facebook if they want
that access but Facebook has yet to say
exactly what that contract will entail
the Facebook's credit don't mean a lot
less information being shared about you
then apps can get on other platforms for
example on Gmail unrolled up me a
service that automatically removed users
from subscription email lists collects
information from your emails about what
you buy and sells that information to
its clients third party twitter app uber
social has a privacy policy that says
they share your personal information
with third parties like their business
partners and advertisers in Twitter's
own user policy says they quote may also
share information with other companies
but Facebook's promises aren't ironclad
that's why soccer burger was hauled
before the Senate in the first
you
