tonight brazil's anti-corruption
crusaders the trade war is on and
trapped in the debt cycle at what point
is somebody allowed to put their life
back together
the father of the woman who opened fire
at YouTube headquarters reported his
daughter missing and says he tried to
warn police at this point in the
investigation it is believed that the
suspect was upset with policies and
practices of YouTube this appears to be
the motive for this incident
39 year-old Nasim Achtung saw three
people before killing herself on Tuesday
police say she visited a shooting range
that same morning with a 9-millimeter
handgun in a video posted on YouTube of
them claimed the company censored a lot
of her content dozens of Oklahoma
schools remained closed today as
teachers kept up their strike more than
a hundred of them and their supporters
began a week-long a hundred and ten mile
march from Tulsa to the state capitol in
Oklahoma City hundreds of others
gathered at the Capitol building to
protest lawmakers passed a bill last
week to give teachers pay raises
but the Oklahoma Education Association
says it won't call off the strike until
all its demands are met including more
state funding for public schools and
supplies a cost of living increase for
retired teachers and more money for
state services like health care and
public safety President Donald Trump
signed a proclamation today directing
the department's of Defense and homeland
security to work with governor's to
deploy the National Guard to the border
with Mexico current border security and
immigration laws fail the American
people the system rewards bad behavior
it does not punish lawbreakers it
undermines our nation's economic
interests Nielson said the details of
the mission are still being worked out
but that National Guard troops would
primarily be assisting Customs and
Border Protection
Facebook said today that Cambridge
analytic I may have gotten its hands on
far more user data than what was
initially publicized news reports had
estimated that the data breach affected
50 million people but Facebook now
thinks it could be more like 87 million
users in a post the company promised to
let you know if you're one of those
users but in a response to Facebook's
new claim Cambridge analytic intended
that had only licensed data for 30
million people and said it's undergoing
an audit to prove it no longer has any
of that information crowds gathered
across the country today to commemorate
the 50th anniversary of Martin Luther
King Jr's assassination in Memphis where
King died thousands of people showed up
for a March led by the same sanitation
workers union who protested with King
the day he was shot
in King's hometown of Atlanta Reverend
Bernice King remembered her father's
legacy now more than ever before
we meet his teachings as principals the
steps of non-violence
this morning's round of news alerts told
you everything you need to know about
weather American businesses are excited
for a trade war with China the Dow Jones
opened 500 points down it recovered but
that fear is real
and with good reason this morning China
said it was planning new tariffs on a
hundred and six categories of American
products for those keeping track at home
it's at least the fourth punch in this
boxing match in March Trump's aluminum
and steel tariffs went into effect and
then on Monday
China formalized its response with
tariffs on 128 American exports
including fruit wine and nuts the u.s.
responded yesterday proposing duties on
1300 Chinese industrial products and
then there was today's round from
Beijing this time they're threatening to
target soybeans corn beef SUVs and a
whole range of other items now Trump is
assured the American public that trade
wars are good and that they're easy to
win so like it or not we are now in a
position to find out whether that's true
the American plan is to go after China's
advanced technology industry the center
of its long-term growth strategy the
Chinese industry sectors at America's
targeting include aerospace information
robotics and machinery the problem as
former Commerce Secretary Gary Locke
told me is that China may be able to
hurt the u.s. more than the u.s. can
hurt China with respect to many of the
things that America ships to China
our American goods are not the only
products or so it's available around the
world for instance on soybeans China
buys a lot from the United States but
also buys a lot from Brazil and Brazil
actually has a bumper crop
so China will simply buy more from
Brazil and hurt American farmers China
also has another leverage point they can
use tariffs to imp up the domestic
political pressure on Donald Trump and
according to Ryan Hass who works for
Brookings now and used to be the NSC
director for China
that's a
exactly what they appear to be doing the
list appears to concentrate Chinese
pressure in areas that the Chinese
believe will be critical to Trump's
ability to maintain a majority in
Congress in the midterms the Chinese
view is that President Xi will not face
a referendum on his performance anytime
soon but president Trump will
demonstrators filled the streets of
Brazil's capital today
awaiting a ruling from the Supreme Court
on former President Luiz inácio Lula da
Silva the justices are deciding tonight
whether Lula will have to start serving
jail time for a corruption conviction or
if he can remain free while he appeals
either way Lula's political future will
still be up in the air his case is part
of Operation car wash a massive bribery
investigation that's caught high-level
politicians on the left and the right
but it's the conservatives who've
managed to use the scandals to their
advantage
forcing members of Lula center-left
party out of office and making way for
the rise of a religious far-right
Sallah myself as a mosaic gobby gobby be
stuck on be vain
every Wednesday morning Yacouba Silva
and his entourage head to the Brazilian
Congress for a weekly ritual a religious
service helped by and for evangelical
lawmakers
preciate apropos of the nagas
say no to sucess Ito's be event or odd
oh you owe me kaanchi point ah su
confianza con spotted Azera main port
engine STR most elaborate dos estaremos
algorithm in social for this all you
stop being single before he was a
politician
yo Riku was a Pentecostal preacher and
radio personality in the midst of an
ongoing massive corruption scandal
he and his fellow evangelicals have
positioned themselves as a righteous
alternative what did you think when
operation car wash and all of these big
corruption scandals started coming out
no credito meant offensive in a todo ESO
la zones in Contra veadeiros Avenger go
Scotto algo que estén simply defend endo
q brazil percent annual progressed the
contra a corpse um
the evangelical block is almost a
hundred members in the lower house of
collars and this year they hope to get
that up to 150 a solid 30 percent of the
chamber and that's not an unrealistic
goal Brazil has always been a religious
place it still has more Catholics than
any country in the world but the number
of evangelical Protestants has been
growing rapidly for decades and gaining
political power in the process to the
point that today the evangelical block
is one of the most powerful coalitions
in Congress until recently they've
mostly played defense they successfully
blocked a law banning anti-gay
discrimination and have fought against
bills to expand abortion which is
illegal in Brazil except in cases of
rape or medical emergency but in a sign
of their new position of strength the
evangelicals have started going on the
offensive including with the bill to
criminalize abortion completely bocce
court automata it's desaad gonna get a
fish the only woman on that committee
was Erica Coker of the Workers Party the
main party on the Left you Kiki care a
bank a fundamentalist control absolutely
posters Miletus mess no choice
tombé a presenter o proposed self
checker are a homosexual dodge console
was excited for Swan days yes in cerveja
G call a cheap homage para crear ooh
Grange mo DeMint
Parakh secon troppo a todas esas
espresso is fascist Alice Vaughan C
imperil Luana's ultra seconds to
encourage both men jihad process
official
but bestowed eco and other evangelicals
don't see it as a question of Rights no
N traducere not so said a day amid daya
Krishna Irish ptomel a geek a rabbit a
pocus on us to lehrentv koopa mess wash
cambia crianza arrow no Marisa Sanada
was sent to attend time you moon there
squattery Miki defend what topic of
Miyazaki defend their Veda heading into
the elections this year the evangelical
machine is in a stronger position than
it's ever been
the Brazilian left is in crisis and in
an era when citizens generally have lost
faith in the political class the
evangelicals have a secret weapon a
reliable base of voters in the satellite
cities outside brazilian new mega
churches pop up regularly to meet demand
the Pentecostal Assemblies of God
gathers its leaders and one that's still
under construction
it's awesome instead collectively
high-ranking pastors like egg modalities
can mobilize huge numbers of people to
vote for and donate to their anointed
candidates if it's a janitor's betrays
was tsumiki Oscar Mayer Sam's aqui con
20 Nova creations the OSHA stones can
use a sink went to congregations
noseeums trays mutants original songs
prevent sick memory seats inc new
members do you tell your flock how they
should vote Lord a one one day literally
one a one our chip supports 4k one cage
fighter noise
para oriental Jay's concern ng almost
considered no demos and openings con
days
I agree so crazy quantity novice feeders
ICO Familia for this group of recent
converts to pastor Tavares his
congregation corruption scandals have
only made it seem more urgent to vote
their kind into office you got a song so
movie is there a relationship between
your face and your politics vice patch
in those days some pomegranate la stop
episode year prior easy noise down there
possible range liquid eyes do you think
that evangelical politicians are less
likely to be correct what creates in
verse 8 days
but corruption in Brazil is not so
simple Eduardo Cunha who is Speaker of
the House was once the most powerful
evangelical politician in the country
was jailed last year in operation car
Walker still that wasn't enough to
tarnish his peers in the elections this
year evangelicals have thrown their
support behind Jaguar senado an
ultra-nationalist who's become the de
facto frontrunner now that Lula is
almost certainly out of the race
Boris annatto has raised alarms by
praising the military dictatorship that
ruled Brazil for two decades until 1985
a regime notorious for torturing and
disappearing dissidents in for sending
thousands into exile and he's not the
only one to do so Mongo stays obligated
or Malita LG gokyo family tada epic a
edition Vita Dora
Franco finicky element even more amo
pies I want to make sure I understand
you correctly do you think the military
regime was a good thing for Brazil
historian ammaji evangelicals could end
up electing Brazil's next president but
even if they don't they'll almost
certainly boost their numbers in
Congress and pastori Oracle will have
more airlines to help him push the
country to the right defend emza from
Illinois
Peggy dad Judy a few tamada services on
par estamos aqui invaded el Soldado's
the Italia's in cabo de guerra defendant
up receives evaluation
at eight o'clock I will call my great
uncle and make sure he's awake for the
last three years Stephanie Powell has
shared orange juice samples at Sam's
Club it pays minimum wage and is about a
20-minute drive from her home I enjoy
what I do and that's talking with people
so yeah I like it a lot
but I need something else but then that
falls back on transportation you know
hours of where I could get something
else and that's hard just the
transportation piece alone is holding
you back oh yeah that's my biggest
problem right there
transportation is an obstacle because
she hasn't had the right to drive for
more than nine years a judge
automatically revoked her license in
2006 after Stephanie was convicted for
drug possession
she served three years in jail and has
lived almost a decade clean but still
relies on her older uncle to give her
rides
looks like it's about to smell good
morning
Stephanie can't get her license back
because she still owes over $10,000 to
five different courts in Virginia
charges that have piled up since the 90s
for drug possession petty theft and
driving without a license even though
she served her time under Virginia law
she can't drive until she pays these
fees with interest it's a catch-22
Stephanie doesn't work enough to pay off
her debts but to work more she would
need to drive how do you keep track of
it all I really have it I'm getting
garnished so you know even if I make
four hundred dollars I can only bring
home 290 this is overwhelming she one
thousand one hundred eighty seven
dollars roughly to Amelia County and
Nicole Schneider is the executive
director of a local nonprofit called the
fountain fund they helps definitely make
sense of her sprawling costs there was a
felony fee that was $350 which was
assessed against Stephanie purely for
the fact of conviction she also paid a
court-appointed attorney fee there was
also a blood test in DNA feet it was
$12.50 and then there's some other CH SF
fee of $5 and then here she paid a
couple different types of interest
she paid $33 of local interests but then
three hundred and twenty dollars of
state interest all right so you got all
your receipts
Nicole's team runs the only fund of its
kind they give low-interest loans of
about 5% to formerly incarcerated people
a population most lenders shun we'd go
pay today nearly 1 million Virginians
have lost their driver's license because
of these fines that's one out of every
six drivers in the state part of the
logic behind it that this is a deterrent
you know you hear about someone
struggling with all this debt and you've
done yourself you never go and commit
that crime we're not seeing the
deterrent effect
outweigh the very negative financial
consequences and life consequences that
our clients are facing plenty of
well-intentioned policies don't end up
working out the way they'd originally
conceived we need fundamental change not
more of the same in the crime and
punishment wave of the 80s and 90s
lawmakers had the idea to tie the right
to drive to convictions and court fees
today 12 states still revoked driver's
licenses as punishment for drug
convictions
and 43 plus DC will revoke them simply
for unpaid court debt there's not a lot
of data about how many people are
affected by these policies but across
just five states the total is over 4.2
million people do you think most folks
even who are involved intimately in the
criminal justice system know what kinds
of fees and fines people face on their
way oh I didn't know I worked in the
system for 15 years and Intel Tim he fee
is a former Obama US attorney in
Virginia he started the fountain fund
after realizing the impact these debts
had on the people he prosecuted believe
me I believe that people should be held
accountable and sometimes there is a
financial consequence particularly when
there's been person victimized
financially
part of the problem in Virginia is that
it's not $300 per felony conviction
whether you're a millionaire or whether
you got no money right that's not right
justice needs to be tailored to the
circumstances of the people who are in
the system it's not just progressive
reformers who think these laws make no
sense traditional conservatives like the
Kron ready and the Koch Institute agree
and they've teamed up with organizations
like the fountain fund if your criminal
justice policies aren't actually
targeted at real public safety they're
they're not really doing much good so on
an issue like this one how do you push
past party lines the arguments that have
always been most effective come back to
money we sink a lot of resources into
counterproductive criminal justice
policies and car serration is the most
obvious one it's very very expensive but
the kinds of things we're talking about
today can be counterproductive and
expensive too and you could make a very
thoughtful and reasonable argument that
you are incentivizing people
to have to commit crimes once again and
go right back into prison and come right
back out with the same Scarlet Letter
hanging around their necks but the
question becomes at what point does the
punishment end at what point is somebody
allowed to put their life back together
lawsuits in at least seven states have
challenged the legality of automatic
license suspensions one filed against
Virginia officials last year called the
practice in unconstitutional scheme and
a bill recently proposed to end the
practice died over concerns that losing
these fees could affect agency funding I
did wrong I did the stuff so do you feel
like the fees and fines and interest
that's piled up on you is an amount
that's fair I don't know if there it's
fair I'm have a problem with the
interest yeah I can never get out of it
I could never get out of that so fair
after three days of trying the attorneys
and Bill Cosby's retrial on sexual
assault charges have now managed to seat
12 jurors but they still need to find
six alternates Cosby's first trial last
summer ended in a hung jury the
conversation around me too has made
picking a jury for the new trial even
harder one of the questions they asked
the potential jurors was if they had
heard of the me two movements and
allegations of sexual misconduct in the
entertainment industry and out of 120
people there
I think only two you know it's gonna
impact this case because I think a lot
of people are coming out and saying me
too it happened to me and I think that a
lot of people are more sympathetic
towards that I think it might be hard
for Bill Cosby to get a fair trial
honestly it'll be very difficult to find
an impartial jury I think I think having
seen a lot of what I saw in television
that I probably would not make a fair
juror and I explained that in the
courtroom if I wasn't like that do you
think I would be a fair juror I don't
think I would have been able to been
fair because I really from the beginning
I he's guilty in my mind I do not think
Bill Cosby's guilty that I do think he's
probably guilty given the preponderance
of evidence I've heard in the media
about him he's like a father figure to
me everybody's innocent till proven
guilty yes so I'll just say he's
innocent society back then
was was okay with it I mean yeah you got
you get drunk or your
you did a quaalude or whatever and you
just want to flop I think you'll get a
fair trial and he'll be not guilty I
don't know what the outcome of the trial
will be I hope justice is served that's
all
it's another black man in America
another one bite the dust hi how are you
my name is Jaden Smith but you can call
me sire today we're talking about lost
boy
yes sighs my middle name Jaden what's
his person that everybody thought that
they knew and sire was more of a person
that no one knew so it's like you can
start fresh and you can kind of tell a
super surreal futuristic love story you
know through the eyes of this character
names sire because it's the perfect
alter-ego you know
I made this song in my trailer when I
was shooting a movie called knife in a
year and I'm playing on the guitar and
I'm just singing I was a lost boy I was
a lost boy it kind of looks like a
guitar floating in space like playing
itself you know true stories must be
told when I hear that guitar favorite
lyrics on the track I love that section
of the song cuz it's like me like
 on myself a little bit that
needs to happen in music because so many
musical artists are just like there's no
one better than me at my craft and like
I don't feel that way I feel like I'm
just kind of expressing something the
base of the drums feel like they
literally go together
man it's fire you seen lala land yeah I
like base with my life loosely off of
lala land just like a vintage like it's
just rusted the whole thing is just
cobwebs it's Ross people just playing
the dust off of some drums you know
they have like radio waves coming
through us at all times like gamma rays
and x-rays we can't see them because of
like how our eyes work with the
electromagnetic spectrum of light that's
kind of like what the background vocals
are like people have a certain
perception of me that would get to try
to come out and flex and I'm gonna try
to come out and be like everybody in
this like no I'm slow talking in
moonwalking you know I'm saying like
that's my whole vibe that's goemon okay
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
April 4th
you
you
