time sir
oh look who it is hi there my name is is
Jeff I'm here to to set the record
straight on vice' pina
I like to get comfortable that's my
second career Oh
this says Jeff Goldblum facts here's
Jeff Goldblum fact Jeff Goldblum thought
the lady Ghostbusters remake was a great
idea but with a so-so script not a fact
actually never read the script what part
what I've played who had just been me
hey what are you guys doing Jeff
Goldblum I live or go know down the
block what's all this stuff I hear about
ghosts Jeff Goldblum prefers the sit
comes without the laugh tracks I don't
think I've ever talked to anybody about
this so I don't know how they know it
but it's quite true don't try to put one
over on me don't juice it up Jeff
Goldblum has never had milk from a bag
well you know you didn't mean this but I
was never breastfed I don't think I've
ever said that publicly it's not exactly
a bag I wouldn't call my mother's
breasts a bag but but I I never had the
pleasure of sucking and Shirley's teeth
if I was gonna send a message what what
do I want to say be
quite gloomy on crank Olivia I've
captured myself again I've captured the
essence of me
I think Jeff Goldblum's voice has major
ASMR possibilities ASMR should I know
that ASMR so if you have ASMR I think
you're getting a case of the chills I
got something yeah - all you chill
seekers here comes some stimulation that
might induce your chose be receptive to
my voice musicians around the world
unites dressed parkstar was immortalized
in musical notation yes my laughs I
remember Steven Spielberg was right over
here going you know shooting the scene
and and then sports and or something
like that ending on double F double very
far tape and down to finally on medium
forte
like that
you
