we have a medical thing that needs to be
treated and once we're treated we're
back in the field and ready to go in a
tweet storm last July President Trump
announced a blanket ban on transgender
people serving in the military it was a
sharp reversal from Obama administration
policy which allowed trans people to
serve openly for the first time and
required the Pentagon to pay for
transitions the Trump administration
eventually issued a memo formalizing the
president's tweets and setting last
Friday as the deadline for producing
actual guidelines to implement the ban
those guidelines are now public and
they're anything but coherent policy the
memo Trump signed basically endorses
recommendations made by defense
secretary James mattis after he convened
a quote panel of experts to review
available data and research on the issue
madis wrote in his recommendation that
there are quote substantial risks to
letting some transgender people serve in
the military and I talked to Blake
dreaming an active duty Navy lieutenant
commander who's also transgender about
that we're already here we're already
doing the job we're already deployed
we're already writing contracts being in
the infantry out in the field doing our
jobs every single day with no
demonstrable impact on any sort of
readiness or unit cohesion we have a
medical thing that needs to be treated
and once we're treated we're back in the
field and ready to go Matt assigned off
on a handful of policy changes most of
which hinge on a diagnosis of gender
dysphoria a conflict between your
physical gender and the gender you
identify as the policy carves out an
exemption for a small group of people
who happen to get in at the right time
transgender military personnel who were
receiving medical treatment for gender
dysphoria in other words transitioning
to the gender they identify as before
this new policy change they can continue
serving and they can continue with their
transition for everyone else it's a
different story if you've been diagnosed
with gender dysphoria after joining up
but aren't yet getting treatment you can
still serve
but you won't be allowed to transition
if you were diagnosed with gender
dysphoria before trying to enlist
you're banned unless you've been quote
stable in the sex you were born as for
three years so if you've been living as
the gender you identify as you can
enlist the biggest change for future
recruits it bars any transgender people
who have undergone gender confirmation
surgery in the past or plan to in the
future from enlisting but this policy
isn't going into effect anytime soon
because it was already blocked in the
courts after a handful of LGBTQ rights
organizations challenged the proposal
following Trump's tweets but Blake told
me that doesn't mean transgender people
currently serving aren't feeling the
effects of this administration's 180 a
lot of our soldiers and sailors airmen
and Marines have been confused as to
okay am I going to get med boarded am I
gonna get kicked out and so we've had to
go back and do a lot of Education with
our own service members that know this
memorandum grants you are recommends
that you be grandfathered in and that
you should be safe now if you haven't
come out or you're still in the closet I
recommend that you make that decision
one way or the other fairly fast because
the moment that policy is in place and
the court injunctions are lifted then
you risk your you risk your career by
coming out why do you want to serve in
an organization that just put forth sort
of a policy paper saying that they don't
think you're fit to serve or that you're
not helpful to the organization this
country is bigger than that view our
calling is to serve the nation and the
nation is bigger than the small subset
that would wish us to not serve
you
