Alexei Navalny is Vladimir Putin's most
hated opposition figure and he's banned
from running against Putin in this
month's election because of an
embezzlement conviction in 2015
Alexei got a suspended sentence but his
brother Oleg was found guilty too and is
still serving a three and a half year
jail term behind bars Oleg has gotten
creative about reaching Russia's
disaffected this underground tattoo
party is the brainchild of Pavel akima
the urban planner turned activist is
using it to get Oh like neva knees
designs out to his supporters me as a
business case a Luger at the corner post
on Twitter the pu sheer single
desperately wished the post-abortion
young career
bushka court is named Erasmus topper a
skillet this regime is now so there's a
very positive contact record Negreanu
mysteriously knee this butcher has
created kick kick to the possession
elusive shooter colleague of sauce the
tattoos have become a strand of
counterculture in putin's russia it's
not that the designs themselves are
brazenly political but the act of
getting one has become subversive
traditional to go its own
the mocha district to each other
the project began in 2016 when Pavel
wrote to Oleg in prison asking him to
create customized emojis known as
stickers for the encrypted messaging app
telegram but tattoos have a much longer
political history there in Soviet Russia
tens of millions of people served life
sentences in gulags where tattoos were
used to differentiate between the
authorities criminals and political
prisoners geminate Rothko I see and
treated some stroke or I seen Ebola
mommy's testimony to Palermo
Yosuke Olek communicates mostly by mail
with activists who then publish his work
online he's launched several projects
from prison including a satirical web
game about surviving jail and original
artwork posted to Instagram likes
tattoos go for about $50 with most of
the money going to his wife neither Oleg
or Alexei have tattoos of their own but
Oleg says he'll get one to mark his
eventual release from jail his sentence
is set to expire in June
you
you
