this cannot be more important and it
could not be more possible thanks to the
commitment that everyone here is making
laughs that'll work doesn't sound like
the guy you'd think could win Texas no
twang no moderation just sweeping
rhetoric about the right moment I think
that we Texas are the answer to the fear
the anxiety this smallness that seems to
dominate right now he was born and
raised in El Paso but the rest of his
bio is pretty unusual O'Rourke played
bass in a punk band Road Crew and
graduated with an English Lit degree
from Columbia oh and he was arrested
twice on burglary and drunken driving
charges though never convicted before
starting a web design company and
serving three terms in Congress but
there's one clear Texas characteristic
Oh work does have big-time confidence
against all logs a Democrat hasn't won
statewide in Texas since 94 Democrat
hasn't won Senate since 1988 what are
you doing why do you think you're
different I don't know that I'm
different actually I think Texas is
gonna do something really important for
the country this year we are running a
campaign unlike any that Texas has ever
seen and perhaps unlike any of the
country's ever seen
no packs it is really just the people of
this state who I am visiting listening
to understanding and fighting for that
will make the difference
it's expensive to run a statewide race
in Texas so much so that Democrats focus
only on the state's most populous
counties where they hold a clear
advantage but even if a Democrat wins
those soundly they still lose the state
like in 2016 in Texas is ten most
populous counties about five million
voters went to the polls and Hillary
Clinton won more of them than Donald
Trump but she still lost because Trump
blew her out in the rest of the state
so O'Rourke is ignoring conventional
wisdom and campaigning in each of
Texas's 254 counties that's what brings
in the archer County which went 80% for
Trump in 2016 kind of this where
Congress is how can we force the
President to enforce the sanctions
against Russia that were so
overwhelmingly passed through the
legislative branch you have to wonder if
he is in some way compromised or if he
has some other agenda that he has not
shared with this country it's the first
of seven stops across Trump country that
our work has scheduled for the day why
go to these small towns where you know
there's maybe a couple thousand voters
if anything and talk to them is that
really how you're going to win the whole
state of Texas
I think it's key to being able to serve
the whole state of Texas and I don't
know if I'm gonna win more votes than
the last Democrat who ran in those
counties but I know that not enough
Democrats have been showing up in those
counties in the first place and they
haven't been reflecting the needs of
those counties one thing a works not
doing is tailoring his message for his
audience I was about your age when John
Turner took the state of Texas read I
got a good hunch that you're gonna think
blue this time in Brown County he touted
his support for gun control I
co-sponsored the assault weapons ban in
Parker County he was unapologetically a
pro-choice you know I believe in a
woman's right to choose it's not clear
that rural Texas will give a Democrat
credit just for showing up when he shows
up with positions they opposed even some
of our work supporters are skeptical I
will work with anyone anywhere any time
to move this country's agenda forward
and as you can tell by my answer to the
question about gun safety or talking
about universal health care or ending
the federal prohibition on marijuana and
the war on drugs I will say what needs
to be said I won't try to talk for the
middle there's no good polling data yet
on a cruise or work magic but work has
been out raising the incumbent by three
to one in the first month and a half of
the year but he still faces long odds
against Cruz who has way more money in
the bank
the thing is a loss this November might
still be a win for Texas Democrats if a
war keeps it close that could mean he's
got the beginnings of a new playbook for
taking back Texas next time what happens
if you go through all of this work and
you don't win yeah we've got to win
people are counting on us I know you got
a win but the odds are against you and
so if you don't do you think you're sort
of setting the table for bigger gains
for Democrats in the future I don't know
all I can focus on is Texas and
I'm confident that if we win this thing
it's gonna change the way the campaigns
are run in this country if you lose how
much of a setback is that for Democrats
I gotta get back yeah I don't know I
mean I could care less to be honest with
you about Democrats or about the
Democratic Party or about parties at all
I'm just gonna do my best to give it all
I can and that's all I can focus on I'm
gonna respect the decision in the Texas
makes
you
