it is surreal to talk about issues here
on air and then word for word here
Trump's say it two days later Obama is a
frontman a figurehead his real name's
Barry Satara his name was Barry sitar oh
and that was his name and he changed his
name to Barack Hussein Obama
the newest Obama birth certificate
that's been released by the White House
has been altered in literally dozens of
ways a lot of people do not think it was
an authentic certificate but many people
do not think it was authentic
he also again wears a ring that has
Islamic Arabic script on it
he's wearing a Muslim ring he is a
Muslim this is incredible one of our
investigative journalists a few weeks
ago broke it was Cruz's father linked to
JFK assassination Cuban hired by Lee
Harvey Oswald bears striking resemblance
to Cruz his father was with Lee Harvey
Oswald Oswald being you know shot up it
the whole thing is ridiculous what what
is this right prior to his being shot as
we would think three years Hillary is
the founder of Isis along with Obama
President Obama he is the founder of
Isis he's the founder of Isis and I
would say the co-founder would be
crooked Hillary Clinton I said he's
gonna use executive orders to go after
our guns now sure enough they're getting
ready to do that the president's
thinking about signing an executive
order where he wants to take your guns
away here this one Hillary Clinton is a
goddamn daemon she's the devil
in California where they have farms up
here and they don't get water I said oh
that's too bad is that the drought no no
we have plenty of water it's there
what's wrong well we shove it out to sea
and I said why and nobody even knows why
and the environmentalists don't know why
now they're trying to protect a certain
kind of 3-inch fish I think she's gonna
show up and on drugs though she's gonna
be whacks are you all right why a
50-point ahead like I'm ready to debate
I
think we should take a drug test prior
to the debate I did Alex Jones here with
an extremely important message at Donald
Trump crooked Hillary Clinton has openly
stolen the nomination of Bernie Sanders
think about making the issue of
Hillary's election fraud in the
primaries one of the central issues if
she stole the primary she's going to try
to steal the general election for Bernie
first of all is rigged and I'm afraid
the elections gonna be rigged I have to
be honest it is uncontroverted fact that
three million illegals voted and the
tens of millions of people were on the
voter rolls who were dead and at least
four million of them voted as well I
just want to finish by saying your
reputation is amazing I will not let you
down you will be very very impressed I
hope and I think we'll be speaking a lot
