tonight stuck in the middle on gums
right now if I could ban the ar-15 I do
it no escape in Syria and Italy's
anti-immigration politics some 2,000
people attended the private funeral for
the Reverend Billy Graham in Charlotte
today including president Trump and vice
president Mike Pence the evangelical
leader died last week at the age of 99
the Billy Graham that the world saw in
the big stadiums was the same Billy
Graham that we saw at home there weren't
two Billy Graham's the service took
place in a 28 thousand square foot tent
reminiscent of the space where Graham
preached during the 1949 Los Angeles
crusade that made him hugely popular
president Trump is defending his
decision to put heavy taxes on steel and
aluminum imports despite threats from
major trading partners the European
Union Mexico and Canada have all said
they'll retaliate with their own tariffs
but Trump maintains that trade wars are
good and that they're easy to win but
his fellow Republicans don't seem to be
fans of Trump's move in the first place
yesterday senators Orrin Hatch and Mike
Lee and House Speaker Paul Ryan
cautioned against the tariffs
Olympic gold-medalist Aly Raisman is
suing the US Olympic Committee and USA
Gymnastics alleging they failed to
protect her from years of sexual abuse
by former team dr. Larry Nasser Nasser
was convicted of multiple counts of
criminal sexual conduct and child
pornography and will spend the rest of
his life in prison more than 260 girls
and women have accused him of abuse the
lawsuit says the organisation's knew or
should have known that Nasser was
sexually abusive but didn't take action
USA Gymnastics told vice news it
wouldn't comment specifically on the
suit but said the organization reported
Nasser to the FBI and dismissed him when
they became aware of concerns about him
usoc hasn't yet responded to our request
for comment Israeli police questioned
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at his
home today in connection with another
corruption case police have already
recommended Netanyahu be indicted in two
other cases a decision that's ultimately
up to the country's Attorney General
this time authorities questioned him
about allegations that he received
positive press coverage from a popular
news site in return for regulatory and
financial breaks reportedly worth
millions of dollars the news outlet
denies any wrongdoing and Netanyahu
denies he's done anything wrong in all
cases
Ohio Governor John Kasich has
established a reputation as a Republican
problem solver okay it's a trait that's
on display at meeting after meeting we
can begin to I think maybe Kasich ran
for president in 2016 as the Trump
alternative a moderate Republican with
crossover appeal and a track record of
confidence and he's still trying to
maintain that reputation which is one
reason so many people talk about him as
a possible primary challenger to Trump
in 2020 do you feel like you could be
President someday still well there's no
opening so that's kind of hard do I
think if there wasn't opening yeah I
don't know what can happen in the future
now he sixth rying to solve the problem
of guns which would help him
distinguished himself in 2020
since there's little action in
Washington on the issue and do I think
they can do anything on guns after the
Parkman shooting Kasich targeted Trump
on guns we should look at bump stocks
that make weapons fully automatic but
the reforms offered this week they were
limited so we had people who felt very
strongly about a number of restrictions
they basically just bring Ohio law in
step with federal law with two editions
closing holes in the background check
system and creating a new kind of
protective order to take guns away from
potentially violent people is that
really the best you can do here because
we've seen in other states like for
instance Florida Governor Rick Scott got
behind a ban on bub stocks why can he do
it there and you can't do it here well I
don't know if he's gonna get it done I
mean I want to get this done so what we
make the note because I can't get the
kind of total and complete support by
doing it that way as opposed to letting
Donald Trump write his ban on on bump
stocks and then we'll comply as much as
I push for things I am NOT a miracle man
I'm just a guy trying to do the best I
can to maneuver in a difficult
environment I've told you that I'd like
to get something through this
legislature what does that mean that I
can't get everything I want the answer
is yes
you know I just can't why is that Wyatt
why is that
why are getting so sacred cow in the GOP
it's not just GOP it's the Democrats too
that's both parties this is something
where people tend to focus on the NRA
and the NRA has power but see their
powers not in Washington their power is
with people in the communities who feel
very strongly about this issue what
happens here is there are people who
believe that this right should not be
violated in any way and they will go to
legislators and they will they will do
everything they can to stop it and or to
defeat them I keep coming back to this
policy on guns because during your time
as governor you've signed every gun bill
that has come across your desk yes maybe
some mark you know for example like
stand your ground now I've told him
don't send that to me but you've sort of
changed over the past months I voted for
I voted for the assault weapons ban in
1994 that was the single you backed away
from it during the 2016 hours you know
why because I said just passing a law
that cannot be passed a law that is not
effective doesn't work like right now if
I could ban the ar-15 I do it I think
it's I think it's really been pretty
terrific that the Dix and Walmart have
said we're not selling these guns and
we're not selling to young people and
we're not selling some of these guns I
agree with them I think it's terrific
they're doing that but we're not gonna
get that done here now could we get
could get something like that done later
yeah I think that there is interest in
the 18 to 21 with certain exemptions are
you John Kasich the pro-gun rights
Republican or John Kasich Pro you know
gun restrictions from John Kasich the
Governor of Ohio well it's tough to be
on both sides of that as you know
parenting's to not if you use common
sense
think past my own in 2016
vice news met Chris Goldsmith an Army
veteran who is fighting what vets call a
bad paper discharge after a tour in Iraq
Goldsmith was given an other than
honorable dismissal from the military
after he tried to kill himself and was
accused of not showing up for duty as a
result he's been ineligible for many
benefits that veterans are supposed to
have I was stripped of my identity and
thrown into the street and it felt like
nobody cared whether I lived or died
now a group of veterans is looking to
the courts for a solution on Friday they
filed a class-action lawsuit against the
Navy the lead plaintiff in today's
lawsuit is Tyson menker a Marine veteran
who also fought in the Iraq war before
he was given an other than honorable
discharge in late 2003 for smoking
marijuana maker says he smoked to treat
the symptoms of post-traumatic stress in
2016 he appealed his discharge and he
was denied now he's accusing the Navy of
failing to live up to the standards set
out by the Department of Defense and
Congress standards that require military
discharge review boards to take PTSD
into account when reviewing bad paper
discharges the discharge view boards
have been denying the evidence submitted
by veterans for decades since they were
created you look at the rates of
overturning Marines are 10 times more
likely to be kicked out of the military
and have less than a 5% chance of having
their discharge upgraded to honorable
that makes no sense at the heart of this
case is a memo that then Secretary of
Defense Chuck Hagel wrote in 2014
ordering review boards to give liberal
consideration to the possible impact of
PTSD as a mitigating factor in any
unfavorable discharge Congress later
wrote this instruction into law
but Tyson and his lawyers argue that the
numbers show the Navy has been
systematically ignoring the Hagel memo
according to Pentagon data acquired by
the legal team while the Army has
upgraded 45% of PTSD related Appeals
since January 2016 the Navy has done far
worse they've only upgraded 15% for
people like Tyson that's meant he's been
shut out from the benefits he would
normally have gotten when I received my
less than honorable discharge I had my
$50,000 Marine Corps infantry sign on
bonus taken away I had my GI Bill
Montgomery GI Bill that I'd paid into
taken away I had all of my
service-connected pension and
compensation for service connected
injuries and taken away the Pentagon
acknowledges it still has a lot of work
to do they declined to comment on the
lawsuit but they also say that not all
cases of bad paper discharge merit an
upgrade smoking marijuana in 2003 was
against the law but before I smoke to
the marijuana I went to Iraq and the
things that we did in Iraq didn't
exactly jive with the rules that I had
learned my first 21 years of existence
starting with thou shalt not murder we
killed a lot of people out there so when
you go to combat and you come home I can
only tell you that your reality your new
sense of normal is much different what
kind of an archaic system do we have
where someone serves their country they
may have messed up minor misconduct but
then to say but they don't have honor I
think that's completely asinine
on Monday Russia called for a
humanitarian ceasefire in eastern gouta
Syria that was supposed to start the
very next day and give people a daily
five-hour window to escape but that
hasn't happened at all
instead airstrikes and shelling have
continued to kill civilians in the
Damascus suburb more than a hundred
people have died since last weekend and
desperately clattering
comes at fall solid name Neelam Hill
bizarre Miriam Nisbet Madrasi
well actually the Sofala welcome number
service me does that had a line open
God I'm a comparison and she might let
the young abundance the city and Claude
what ought to be below - Aurelio money
mean nothing Minako's ha
we couldn't my family telling me man
gotta be a mature mature feedback Mahalo
me it would be belongs over the jury me
with our here old Amanda Coulomb
Conneaut minute Ord a nonmetallic admin
America analogies amendment cool and
Unni Unni unless total honesty Omaha
deal mr. Burke a flourish ability later
lady her age I mean Hadi Muhammad he a
lot of study intestinal illness la vidas
de la serda said no I honestly mean
whoever's a high-flying temperament know
Italy goes to the polls on Sunday in the
latest European election to pit
far-right forces against a center-left
in deep trouble the country has been
caught up in the migration crisis and
it's been battling high unemployment
that's paved the way for a familiar
figure to make a comeback of sorts
Silvio Berlusconi the disgraced former
Prime Minister is barred from running
himself because of tax convictions but
his name still carries weight and his
Forte's Italia party has formed an
alliance with a new rising star the
league used to be a fringe separatist
party in Italian politics now with
immigration at the heart of its campaign
its uncaused to be part of the next
government its new leader Matteo salvini
has pledged to the port 400,000
foreigners while he made immigration the
sense of your campaign kshh in tamela's
bark in el arco de sola cuatro an
important oz Cointreau so Salah chiamo
regular respect to control OD confit
need yama : tequila me rita my
delinquent a pro bono is analogous
personally really personally why does it
bother you so much
immigration enumerated ikana canyon in
italia - solution which in quantum
ilaria Tico misogynist Ranieri gusano
sector chain Toria di giorno el quarante
percent owed a debt annuity in Italian
astronomer Sarah Duchamp old problema
Viviana - differently
Sabinas intention is clear stock fair to
get votes no luncheon Inferno Casa same
de Jerez de delito the defender nos
tasty la nostra Vita Italian Ostrava Inc
as an Australian Northland Agassi
it's a message that strikes a cold it's
70 year old Danny Lohner quindi who
knows a man crazy
- tika the identity contour que se in
cheetah in italia simple question
yesterday Lester oh is it the racist
italiano Nogueira dista yo National
Register so you Liberty more America
Samia perky perky knows no peace Agora
no sono and I'm gonna cause an
impossibility patella the Patel Toller
re public perception that the government
hasn't done enough on immigration is
making this election particularly
difficult to the Democratic Party its
leader Matteo Renzi
was seen as Italy's great reformer when
he became the country's youngest ever
premier in 2014
now callous carnies Forza Italia is
threatening to undo that work another
school frenzy is fighting for political
survival in just the past two years he's
pushed for a constitutional referendum
that ended in baliya resigned as prime
minister and presided over a split in
his party why are you so important in
the polls is quietly if you think about
American elections in migration I think
this is not fine to the economy going to
the point will be clear in the next days
in every corner of the world in the last
period sabe polls give gave the some
surprise while he's trailing in the
polls
Renzi strategy for securing his party's
future is to focus on placing loyal
disciples and safe seats
Luciana no Billy is one of these
candidates standing for election for the
first time in a growing suburb how much
do you think your campaign is being
hampered by having Renzi leading him to
tea in tutorial tutorial I go where
Nipigon will go we're not terribly
frontier last in Eastern Europe against
impunity Volta he also know convene to
an emotional a sort of prey celebrity
minutes you only would people in Italy
care about the most in this election
anomaly priori today italiani
'soul equality Italian vote Iran knows
no diverse delivery Turkish origin re na
kisi par la maldita me Camila cigarettes
and me guard Sione Mayu credo
can you read ox you know more to the
mayor says got Luciano and other
center-left politicians are struggling
to convince voters that they can be
trusted to improve the economy while the
Democratic Party was in power Italy
continued to suffer from sluggish
economic growth and high unemployment
even the most sympathetic voters have
lost faith and Sarah Gina
Berlusconi is poised to be kingmaker in
the case of is sent to right coalition
with 30 percent of voters still
undecided
salvini is confident in his prospects
and his alliance with Berlusconi oh
you're not worried that Berlusconi
scandals might infect your own party no
no Europeans are giving Shailaja today's
tray is talkin intervention traditional
illegal in the rambutan pew in the
approximate our Vista lavash amo investi
presidente questions
hey I'm Harry hello i'm or now hello i'm
soul and we're 3/8 of superorganism
everybody wants to be famous is about
society's need for validation it's pop
music bro starin at stars it doesn't
matter the cost because everybody must
be famous I didn't really feel
comfortable singing at that point I just
never thought of myself as a singer
there's so much like extremely intense
singers and vocal performances and
really heavily auto-tuned and stuff that
when you get that sound of someone who
doesn't even consider themselves a
singer that just has a really great
natural voice it really cuts through the
recording process for me I was in my
dorm room
my roommate didn't know what I was doing
for most of the record I had to record
while she was sleeping or when she was
in the bathroom taking a dump my
favorite sort of part of the song it
drives it is the the bass line so we ran
it through a distortion and that pedal
if you turn all the knobs right up it's
like the quintessential sound of Swedish
black metal kind of like how Darth Vader
comes in yeah I think that we're all the
kind of people where we don't really see
a distinction between the sounds that an
instrument can make and the sounds that
you can just hear and even nature or
society a lot of the philosophy of that
comes from the influence of Martin
mother's borrow from Devo so he did the
Rugrats theme tune
I think that's just been really
inspirational for us in terms of how we
view the use of samples and sounds in
music well the kind of squelchy sound
that runs through the verse of the song
is weirdly like a combination of a
guitar and a synthesizer
it reminds me of spongebob or something
it's got this cattle it's got this kind
of watery oceany cannon vibe to it it's
like like a bucket back of the plant
space space so we should sample that
yeah I'm a big fan of dr. dre and I
really love the Canada g-funk sounds
that sounds cute as a kick I think that
this is what makes a catchy song its
simplicity you know three chords that
Lou reto is said that that's pretty much
all you need for a good song but the
thing that kind of gives us distinct
character and makes it super organism is
all the coloring and shading you can
just play with it and have fun without
worrying about the world around you Wow
that's vice news tonight for Friday
March 2nd and I'll tell you what I
didn't think I'd say this but I'm going
to say it I won't say he was an older
fellow but he was an older fellow I'm
not gonna say anybody didn't do well
they didn't do well I refused to say
it's Bobby Knight but it's Bobby Knight
now I won't say it was because of me but
it was okay I won't tell you what he did
because he actually grabbed one by the
shirt but I won't say that and she also
sent a tweet out of three o'clock in the
morning but I won't even mention that
she also said irredeemable what we won't
mention we got very high ratings by the
way but I won't mention that the one
debate I missed whose the lowest rated
debate by the way but I won't say that
we have more people here than they do
but we won't say that I always come out
way above everybody else on the economy
and on leadership by the way but I won't
say that
you
you
