tonight parkland goes back to school
bureaucrats wage war on abortion and if
we don't do this now then there's not
gonna be any future in education in West
Virginia hope Hicks one of the
president's longest-serving and closest
aides is resigning as White House
communications director in a statement
Trump said he would miss her but
understood that she wanted to pursue
other opportunities yesterday
Hicks at for an eight-hour interview
with the House Intelligence Committee
where she admitted telling occasional
white lies and she's reportedly been
interviewed by special prosecutor Bob
Muller steam Hicks has been at Trump's
side since before the launch of his
presidential bid but managed to keep a
relatively low profile until scandal
flared up around staff secretary Rob
Porter whom Hicks had dated she hasn't
announced a departure date yet early
this morning the city of Charlottesville
followed a judge's orders and removed
the tarps covering a pair of Confederate
statues last summer the City Council
voted to drape black cloth over the
statues of Confederate generals robert e
lee and Stonewall Jackson to symbolize a
period of mourning for Heather hire who
was killed during the white nationalist
rally in August months before the rally
the city had voted to take the statues
down but a lawsuit that's still in
progress prevented officials from doing
that thousands of people gathered along
the streets of Mumbai today to watch the
funeral procession for Sridevi the
iconic Bollywood actress who drowned in
a hotel bathtub over the weekend the 54
year old who was cremated with full
state honours starred in some 300 films
over five decades in India's
male-dominated movie industry she became
a star who could draw audiences on her
own and who redefined roles for women
in a survey of 5000 Disneyland employees
who workers say they've had difficulties
paying rent and buying food on their
wages from the happiest place on earth
and more than one out of ten employees
reported they'd been homeless in the
past two years the survey was conducted
by a non-profit and paid for by a
coalition of 11 unions they're asking
the resort to raise its base wage to $20
an hour Disneyland which employs about
30,000 people slammed the report saying
it was inaccurate and unscientific and
that it was funded by politically
motivated labor unions Dick's Sporting
Goods one of the largest sports
retailers in the country won't sell
assault-style rifles or high-capacity
magazines anymore
they'll no longer sell firearms to
anyone under 21 either chairman and CEO
edward stark said that even when the
company followed existing rules and laws
it ended up selling a shotgun to the
parkland shooter last november it wasn't
the gun used in the school shooting but
stack said it could have been and called
on lawmakers to pass gun control
regulations were staunch supporters of
the Second Amendment I'm a gun owner
myself but we've just decided that based
on what's happened and with these guns
we don't want to be a part of this story
late today
Walmart announced that it too would stop
selling guns and ammunition to buyers
younger than 21 the retail giant stopped
selling assault rifles in 2015
a massive teachers strike in West
Virginia that started last Thursday and
closed every school in the state is
supposed to end tomorrow after the
governor and the teachers union reached
a tentative deal governor Jim Justice
said he'll give West Virginia's teachers
who are among the worst paid in the
country a five percent raise but some
teachers believe they should have held
out for more schools are set to reopen
tomorrow and today was meant to be a
cooling-off day but it didn't feel that
way
at this point I feel more outraged and
more angry than what I did on day one we
are on strike
not only for teachers but for all state
employees and the original reason why we
went on strike was due to all of the
changes that they were making to Pei Pei
a is the health insurance for all state
employees it's been a good benefit for
all state employees to have up until
recently they seemed to no longer have
the funding for it the cost of my
insurance premiums are going up it's
hard for me to afford myself on my
health care let alone my son a couple
years ago I was diagnosed with a very
rare disease called dermatomyositis so I
need my health insurance but if these
changes go through then I could be
paying a whole lot more than what I am
now
I'm just fighting for what I feel like I
need for myself and my family
there are over 700 vacancies in
education in the state of West Virginia
nobody wants to stay here to teach why
would they I feel prepared to strike for
as long as it takes for them to know
that we are serious about finding a
solution if we don't do this now then
there's not going to be any future in
education in West Virginia it terrifies
me to strike because I'm a single mom
and I don't know what's going to happen
I need my health insurance
I need my job so I just don't know over
the past year an obscure government
agency the office of refugee
resettlement in its director Scott Lloyd
have repeatedly tried to block pregnant
undocumented teenage girls in its
custody from obtaining abortions even
when those pregnancies were the result
of sexual assault in one case a 17 year
old girl crossed into the u.s. in the
fall of 2017 she had been raped in her
home country and requested an abortion
she changed her mind briefly when her
mother and uncle threatened to beat her
but a few days later she renewed her
request and threatened to hurt herself
if she couldn't end the pregnancy
Scott Lloyd rejected that request
writing that even if a pregnancy was the
result of rape the government needed to
quote protect life rather than to
destroy it it took an order from a
federal judge before the woman known in
court filings as Jayne Poe was able to
get her abortion
in another case a seventeen-year-old
from El Salvador found out she was
pregnant while in a Texas shelter she
asked for an abortion and on March 3rd
took the first of the two pill
medication abortion regimen to end the
pregnancy but before she could take the
second pill the next day o RR found out
and had her taken to an emergency room
for an ultrasound while she was waiting
in our are affiliated official emailed
the clinic inquiring about whether
administering the hormone progesterone
could stop the abortion the clinic did
not respond and the 17 year old was
eventually allowed to complete the
abortion the O are ours new pro-life
crusade first came under public scrutiny
in October when the agency tried to
block the abortion of a 17 year old
identified as Jane Doe vice News
interviewed her how did it make you feel
when people are trying to change your
mind
missing T I'm not working Cynthia como
singing kilo tune it's not a note any
opponent Navi so teeny apoyo Nokia came
in here important decision do you
l'viyah - oh yeah yeah hey mister no man
was talking to me when I'm not see I'm
very cool good away was simply means
yeah might America your nobody I said
math okay but the same remains young
it's time to cut us tons of customers
yes aqui estamos de responsabilidad de
aqui pero cuando ya know kiss a general
if he can very well so far
the ACLU has succeeded in helping these
girls into their pregnancies but why
does the office of refugee resettlement
suddenly care so much about abortions
the answer starts with Scott Lloyd Lloyd
is a staunch conservative lawyer who
formerly worked for the Knights of
Columbus a Catholic organization but he
has limited experience dealing with
refugees instead his career has been
almost exclusively devoted to an
aggressive pro-life agenda from working
on the Terri Schiavo case to
co-authoring the quote conscience rule
which protects health care providers who
oppose abortion he also co-founded an
organization to develop pro life pro
faith legal strategies and sat on the
board of a crisis pregnancy center what
Lloyd hasn't done is give interviews
except one too
Global Catholic television network we
need to do everything that we can to
protect the dignity of human life from
conception to natural death he's turned
down more than a dozen requests from
vice news even from his own driveway mr.
Lord who asked you a few questions do
you have any comment on the tango all
the cops right now you just said I could
ask you questions sir now a video
deposition obtained exclusively by Vice
news shows how Lloyd and a small group
of pro-life activists are reshaping the
refugee offices policy on abortion and
how he got the job in the first place
did you particularly apply for the
position of or arm in the director
someone reached out to you and selected
you to be the director for our yes under
Lloyd any abortion related procedures
for unaccompanied girls in immigration
custody require his written permission
the depositions reveal seven requests
for abortions between March and December
of 2017
Lloyd refused them all the ACLU says it
was able to help three of those girls
obtain abortions anyway and Orr says no
one has had to carry a pregnancy to term
because an abortion request was denied
is there any circumstance where you
would find that an abortion isn't in the
best interest of a minor I don't know it
has not happened yet no is that because
you believe that abortion is the
destruction of human life
um that's part of it what's the rest of
it the rest of the circumstances
surrounding the request but Lloyd never
indicates what circumstances might be
acceptable and he's ordered shelters
housing minors to only offer quote
life-affirming options counseling to
pregnant girls in his testimony Lloyd
fumbled to explain what that term meant
what do you mean by life affirming
options counseling
options counseling that affirms life
who's like well like generally anybody's
lives though in in the context of
pregnancy it would be the mother and the
child Boyd wasn't the only one too posed
also testifying was Jonathan white white
wasn't hired by Lloyd he's a career
government employee who is a member of
the US Public Health Service
commissioned Corps and has worked at Orr
under three administrations his
deposition shows how the agency has done
a 180 on abortion since Trump took
office does HHS at this time consider
abortion to be part of access to medical
reproductive health services not at this
time are you aware of a time in which
HHS did consider access to medical
health services or family planning to
include abortion yes and when was that
time that was the operational
interpretation in the last
administration white also said that Loyd
hasn't made these changes on his own
instead he's been working closely with a
woman named Maggie when it looks like
Maggie Wynn was involved in request for
termination of pregnancy before Scott
Lloyd became the director of RR is that
fair that's correct after Scott Lloyd
was appointed as director of or has Meg
even been involved in setting policy
with respect to unaccompanied minors
access to abortion she's been among the
staff involved do you know if Maggie
Wynn has a religious opposition to
abortion I believe so
like Lloyd Wynn is also affiliated with
the Knights of Columbus she was
appointed counselor to the secretary of
health and human services by President
Trump and she first landed at HHS in the
bush administration but former Orr
employees tell vice news she didn't have
much influence during the Obama years
because of her staunch
views Jonathan White testified that Wynn
played the key role in delaying the
medication abortion of the
seventeen-year-old from El Salvador who
made the tournament determination to
direct that the UAC be taken to an
emergency room of a local hospital I I
know from whom we received that
direction I I don't know who ultimately
made that decision who did you receive
that direction from we received that
direction from Maggie Wynn did our art
explore whether the method press tone
could have been reversed through
progesterone we were directed to explore
that and as all this direction coming
from Maggie when that direction came
from Maggie when we reached out to
Maggie win for comment she didn't get
back to us
Scott Lloyd's office said there would be
no comment on pending litigation and
again ignored our request for an
interview
most of our ours actions have happened
largely in the dark and it continues to
operate with little scrutiny showing no
signs of backing off from its pro-life
agenda which means ACLU lawyers can
expect to be very busy over the next
three years
today we're coming back to school for
the first time since the shooting I'm a
little nervous but at the same time
hopeful I know why I just I think that
today is going to be a very hard day but
ultimately a very positive day all right
right here oh I have big waves of Terror
and then it subsides because he's right
here and then life is normal
and then something happens and I feel
like that I'm gonna leap off of
something seed I feel like all the
parents in parkland nervous I feel like
we lived in a bubble that's been
punctured we all picked parkland because
our Glynn is parkland it's so safe it's
the best place to raise your kids
the whole vigil was I was pretty okay
throughout I was very focused on like
just tending to my friends who had gone
through the worst and making sure that
they were all okay I know I just kind of
broke down
I just
Georgie says subject immunity asked
himself as was why me why did I survive
why was I chosen to survive or not over
them and I think he was really
struggling with that question
it was hard going back today just
looking around
it was strange in that like we went back
to our the classrooms that we were in
our fourth periods first and we're never
gonna be able to go back into the 1200
building that's where we had meetings
for poetry clubs I think they might be
knocking it down over the summer I think
our test at the end of the year getting
waived so I feel like that relieves a
lot of the pressure we we lost one of
the members of our astre actually we all
felt that loss and we were we were
shaken by it but at the same time we all
some of us would pick up guitars and
play and others would sing along that
was just I like that part of the day it
was it was like sunlight it felt that
way
this is Shameka Gianna he's 13 years old
and has been training as a ballet dancer
for the last four years how did it feel
the first time you put the tights on and
you looked in the mirror I feel kinda
weird because I've never put on tights
my friends were enjoying me Italy me
tights are for girls and I told them
then it's okay I'll still do believe
believe tight tight are for girls this
is how a room this is my bed and this is
Georges bed a year ago she moved out of
his family's home to live at a boarding
house in Nairobi and trained on an
intensive schedule of ten classes per
week I would miss her sometimes not
sometimes you actually miss her you know
you you are used to hi
she knows everything about you you know
everything about her so stay away from
her
it's a difficult she grew up in Kibera a
huge densely populated slum in Nairobi
and one of the least likely places for a
budding ballerina to be discovered but
this is where my Kwame ah who teaches
dance to kids living in poverty found
shamekh it's my tool to use dance to
transform education system in Kenya
because compared to other countries like
in the first world countries we're still
struggling to bridge the gap between
rich kids and less privileged kids dance
is a process is a journey and through
the channel you get to dream and through
that dream you get to become who you
want to make do you miss your life
so much and I don't miss you that much
but I do miss my family
we met she makes mom and sister in the
one-room house where he grew up twice a
month he goes back to visit what was it
like to raise to make community could
achieve himself
cousin Nicholas one ultra physics
told me about Danny my man the corner
even when we had that shamak response
that we were so happy because he energy
better there's so many struggle the
stomach is a hard-working mm-hmm very
hard so anyway one day will be some him
but I don't know notably she milks
mentor Chow Kyoko is also from Kabara
and has become a national sensation in
Kenya when I see him dancing I want to
become like human do such stuff that he
does
every time after we finish because he
looks like he's come from the pool but
she was he was in class dancing joel has
been accepted to the English National
Ballet where he's training on a full
scholarship for three years I want to
make that there weren't clear for these
kids to pass in so that's what keeps me
going
and as for shamekh his instructor says
with just four years of training he's
already a stronger dancer than Joel work
with his age what is your dream for your
ballet career I really loved to dance to
be a professional dancer I feel when I
do well I feel like I'm free that's vice
news tonight for Wednesday February 28th
you
