how did it make you feel when people are
trying to change your mind no but no
missing missing T I'm not working and
they almost came up to me not to stay
not any employer and maybe over the past
year an obscure government agency the
Office of refugee resettlement in its
director Scott Lloyd have repeatedly
tried to block pregnant undocumented
teenage girls in its custody from
obtaining abortions even when those
pregnancies were the result of sexual
assault in one case a 17 year old girl
crossed into the u.s. in the fall of
2017 she had been raped in her home
country and requested an abortion she
changed her mind briefly when her mother
and uncle threatened to beat her but a
few days later she renewed her request
and threatened to hurt herself if she
couldn't end the pregnancy scott lloyd
rejected that request writing that even
if a pregnancy was the result of rape
the government needed to quote protect
life rather than to destroy it it took
an order from a federal judge before the
woman known in court filings as Jane Poe
was able to get her abortion in another
case a 17 year old from El Salvador
found out she was pregnant while in a
Texas shelter she asked for an abortion
and on March 3rd took the first of the
two pill medication abortion regimen to
end the pregnancy but before she could
take the second pill the next day o RR
found out and had her taken to an
emergency room for an ultrasound while
she was waiting and Orr affiliated
official emailed the clinic inquiring
about whether administering the hormone
progesterone could stop the abortion the
clinic did not respond and the 17 year
old was eventually allowed to complete
the abortion the ORR 's new pro-life
crusade first came under public scrutiny
in october when the agency tried to
block the abortion of a 17 year old
identified as Jane Doe Vice News
interviewed her how did it make you feel
when people are trying to change your
mind missing Thea mark okay Cynthia
Thomas you know to knit not to say no
tenia pol a navy suit any apoyo you know
crea came in here until a decision
yeah hey listen no me gustan me when I
see AmeriCorps get away with simply
means yeah might America you know put
yourself up okay put this in remains
yang it's time to cut Mustangs up
customers y esta aqui estamos I left on
somebody that you know yeah I feel to me
okay pero cuando ya know kiss a general
kickin me well so far the ACLU has
succeeded in helping these girls into
their pregnancies but why does the
office of refugee resettlement suddenly
care so much about abortions the answer
starts with Scott Lloyd Lloyd is a
staunch conservative lawyer who formerly
worked for the Knights of Columbus a
Catholic organization but he has limited
experience dealing with refugees instead
his career has been almost exclusively
devoted to an aggressive pro-life agenda
from working on the Terri Schiavo case
to co-authoring the quote conscience
rule which protects health care
providers who oppose abortion he also
co-founded an organization to develop
pro life pro faith legal strategies and
sat on the board of a crisis pregnancy
center what Lloyd hasn't done is give
interviews except one to the global
Catholic television network but we need
to do everything that we can to protect
the dignity of human life from
conception to natural death he's turned
down more than a dozen requests from
vice news even from his own driveway did
mr. Lloyd who asked you a few questions
yeah
do you have any comment on the Django
Toto get off my prophet my brother
called the cops right now you just said
I can ask you questions sir now a video
deposition obtained exclusively by Vice
news shows how Lloyd and a small group
of pro-life activists are reshaping the
refugee offices policy on abortion and
how he got the job in the first place
did you particularly apply for the
position of our arm in the doctor
someone reached out to you and selected
you to be the director of our yes under
Lloyd any abortion related procedures
for unaccompanied girls in immigration
custody require his written permission
the depositions reveal seven requests
for abortions between March and December
of 2017
Lloyd refused them all the ACLU says it
was able to help three of those girls
obtain abortions anyway and Orr says no
one has had to carry a pregnancy to term
because an abortion request was denied
is there any circumstance where you
would find that an abortion isn't in the
best interest of a minor I don't know it
has not happened yet no is that because
you believe that abortion is the
destruction of human life
um that's part of it
what's the rest of it the rest of the
circumstances surrounding the request
but Lloyd never indicates what
circumstances might be acceptable and
he's ordered shelters housing minors to
only offer quote life affirming options
counseling to pregnant girls in his
testimony
Lloyd fumbled to explain what that term
meant what do you mean by life affirming
options counseling options counseling
that affirms life who's like well life
generally anybody's life
though in in the context of pregnancy it
would be the mother and the child Boyd
wasn't the only one deposed
also testifying was Jonathan white white
wasn't hired by Lloyd he's a career
government employee who is a member of
the US Public Health Service
commissioned Corps and has worked at Orr
under three administrations his
deposition shows how the agency has done
a 180 on abortion since Trump took
office does HHS at this time consider
abortion to be part of access to medical
reproductive health services not at this
time are you aware of a time in which
HHS did consider access to mental health
services or family planning to include
abortion yes and when was that time that
was the operational interpretation in
the last administration white also said
that Loyd hasn't made these changes on
his own instead he's been working
closely with a woman named Maggie Wynn
it looks like Maggie Wynn was involved
in request for termination of pregnancy
before Scott Lloyd became the director
of our our is that fair that's correct
after Scott Wade was appointed as
director of our has Meg even been
involved in setting policy with respect
to unaccompanied minors access to
abortion she's been among the do you
know if Maggie Wynn has a religious
opposition to abortion I believe so like
Lloyd Wynn is also affiliated with the
Knights of Columbus she was appointed
counselor to the Secretary of Health and
Human Services by president trauma and
she first landed at HHS in the Bush
administration but former Orr employees
tell vice news she didn't have much
influence during the Obama years because
of her staunch pro-life views
Jonathan White testified that Wynn
played the key role in delaying the
medication abortion of the
seventeen-year-old from El Salvador who
made the terment determination to direct
that the UAC be taken to an
room of a local hospital I I know from
whom we received that direction I I
don't know who ultimately made that
decision who did you receive that
direction from we received that
direction from Maggie Wynn did our arts
were whether the method Prestone could
have been reversed through progesterone
we were directed to explore that and
it's all this direction coming from
Maggie when that direction came from
anyway we reached out to Maggie win for
comment she didn't get back to us Scott
Lloyd's office said there would be no
comment on pending litigation and again
ignored our request for an interview
most of our ours actions have happened
largely in the dark and it continues to
operate with little scrutiny showing no
signs of backing off from its pro-life
agenda which means ACLU lawyers can
expect to be very busy over the next
three years
you
