we've come to an underground car park
just outside tel-aviv to meet someone
who's going to show us how easy it is to
launch a cyberattack on almost any
modern car just like any connected
computer everything that you connect to
the Internet is vulnerable at the end so
this is true the same way two parts
zip is using a wireless adapter that
enables internet access to hack into the
car's Wi-Fi which is now standard on new
vehicles what's weird about this little
experiment we're doing is that I've got
no idea what it is that he's gonna be
trying --less so we're gonna start small
playing a bit with her windows then
putting the windows up and down let's
play a bit with four blinkers say the
left indicates going on the right
indicates coming on so now he's messing
with the miles-an-hour thing it's gone
all the way up to 220 kilometres an hour
the rebel misses going all over the
place
this would freak you out if you didn't
know if it's being done on purpose
and I know it's completely disabled
engine malfunction the fact that he can
do all of this means that he could very
easy just Ram this straight into that
wall in front of us
that experience in the experiment that
we just did that it's probably the first
time where I've thought hacking could
physically cause harm to me how many
cars in the world do you think you could
do the same thing to right now today I
would say that most of them are foreign
of oil or susceptible to hackers attacks
though there aren't any cars made in
Israel the world's top auto security
companies are Israeli and they're all
parts of a wave of cyber innovation
that's sweeping across the country
Israel has become a world leader in
cyber technology and all of the Israeli
companies who are at the forefront of
that revolution are inside this building
there are over 10,000 people here from
all over the world and what many of them
have come here to hear is Benjamin
Netanyahu the Israeli Prime Minister
laying out what this country is a global
leader in a field few years ago I set
the goal for Israel and becoming one of
the top 5 cybersecurity powers in the
world it's a goal we've met today is
roughly one-fifth of the world's global
private investment in cybersecurity
you're in a wonderful business it's
endless in fact Israel receives more
venture capital funds per person than
any other country in the world has
become known as the startup nation to
understand how Israel became a global
leader in this field we spoke with
Israeli journalist and senior defense
correspondent alain ben david has a very
small community there is practically an
island you're completely surrounded with
nations that you cannot cross to Israel
developed creativity to compensate for
its lack of resources and it is a
country that needs to conduct constant
surveillance on the neighbors as a
country which is under constant
annihilation threat by other nations
Israel understood many years ago that
going into Wars and launching massive
military operations it bares almost
unbearable prices first in human lives
in in terms of economic costs in terms
of international legitimacy so cyber was
the right answer for many things that
Israel needed to do do you think
Israel's private cybersecurity industry
is essentially the child of the Israeli
military's affairs oh absolutely the
whole of these very cyber industry
relies on knowledge gathered by people
serving in Israel's different security
agencies in the military
military service is mandatory for most
Israeli citizens and one of the largest
parts of the Israeli Defense Force is
its cyber and intelligence units these
entire units and some 20,000 cyber
soldiers are now being relocated to bear
sheba a desert city which is quickly
becoming Israel's Silicon Valley this
military industrial cyber complex is
said to be the largest infrastructure
project in Israel's history we spoke
with the CEO behind this five billion
dollar undertaking
Ronny's our Harvey what's the
significance of the military being a
part of all of this because going to the
service is compulsory you can look at
the Israeli army as the largest HR
organization in the world because
practically speaking they start scanning
the layers of the Israeli population and
position divided people in the right
places especially in 'light units so if
you think about it you take somebody who
is 18 years of age and you get them
exposed to the state-of-the-art
technology to the highly advanced
paradigms and methodologies so when they
go out of the service at the age of 23
24 from an IBM point of view or from EMC
point of view or from Intel point of
view somebody has a reticle already
conducted the screening and already
selected the best that can get in that
sense but the initial screening and
recruitment process for the IDF's most
elite cyber units actually begins much
earlier in 2013 the Ministry of Defence
helped create a national program for
high school students interested in
learning more about the realm of cyber
these after-school classes have become
unofficial feeder programs for the IDF
cyber units we met with a recruiter for
one of those units c4i who could not
reveal her identity because of her
security clearance my man djay Ali mr.
Shah pneumococcus it's been robots know
in keynesian a bill among vishal banana
oil shares remedy now
reading show officially we speak has
officially 20 me to get him to forgive
me my disciple the Kahana home anonymity
didn't even bill tell the movie much I'm
gonna me you know that all of it are
different but there does seem to be
sound that stick out in the hierarchy so
for example 1801 I'm a dime for decades
unit 8200 was a closely guarded secret
partially because this elite cyber and
intelligence division doesn't just
provide defense in fact they're
responsible for one of the most
aggressive cyber attacks in history
Stuxnet a cyber attack that sabotage the
Iranian nuclear program by destroying
centrifuges at the Natanz nuclear
facility is widely believed to be a
joint operation of unit 8200 and the NSA
and in 2014 forty three former members
of 8,200 wrote an open letter to the
prime minister refusing to serve because
the unit's widespread use of
surveillance we met with one of the
soldiers who signed a letter as really
intelligence is everywhere literally
ever in the Palestinian territories
doesn't matter whether they're suspect
of something or not whether they're
political activists they're whatever
no one's off-limits what's wrong with
that if you're at war with another
people you've got complete surveillance
sounds like quite an advantage
the problem is when it goes beyond
insecurity if someone is about to do an
attack in Tel Aviv then I could see why
we'd want to know where he is or where
he's going but if you've got his brother
his sister his cousin
his cousin's friends all of them tapped
as well then that's where it clearly
crosses the line she find out that
someone might be having an affair
someone is gay when you come across that
information instead of it being put away
is irrelevant it's something that you
would send forward and it would be used
if someone's cheating on their wife and
the United Students of discovered this
what's the benefit of having that
information Israel can approach them and
get them to cooperate one way or another
be it get some information go photograph
some places and what they get out of it
is their secret it has not been revealed
blummo yeah you can color blackmail
despite its shadowy reputation one thing
is clear the skills and methods see
soldiers learning h200 were extremely
profitable on the free market these
veterans have gone on to create tech
startups worth billions of dollars and
the most prestigious tech companies
actively recruit former eights 200
members Charan nemirovsky served in one
of the IDF's
technological units before founding a
company called one her limited companies
are his team to attack their systems to
assess and then fix any weaknesses so at
the moment around this table your
colleagues here are actually attacking
they're actually attacking company these
days it only takes an email to control
you I can send you a PDF file and when
he opens it he gets a hostile file
installed on his computer after he gets
it everything he strokes on his keyboard
he's being transferred to the Internet
every password every credit card number
every email you send now what do you do
with that data after you collect it you
sell it you sell it on the darknet
everything you just want to know you can
buy here business profiles Social
Security numbers of the employees date
of birth wrongs hospital in New York
they stole thirty four thousand patient
records health care will be the most
profitable information today what's this
that's an email from Senator McCain John
McCain's emails floating around the
governor while the origin is Senator
McCain's emails remains uncertain the
power of hacked emails and data breaches
became abundantly clear during the 2016
election President Obama blaming Russia
for interfering in the u.s. elections
beyond the risks data breaches and
hacker markets potential threats to
critical infrastructure including
physical facilities are also becoming
indisputable we met up with Barrett
Pearlman an age 200 vet and founder of
energy a start-up to build cybersecurity
networks for industrial facilities that
could be vulnerable to knows what
happened in the last decade or so was
the interconnectivity between these
systems
I want to access anytime anywhere to any
place quite convenient in very
convenient for the operators and making
it more convenient for their hackers the
type of control systems that essentially
manage the pumps and the valves in all
these facility were designed twenty
years ago thirty years ago they are very
easily penetrable very easy to disable
them very easy to manipulate them could
you do that so the short answer is yes I
retract into the reservoir systems to
show us how dangerous a simple piece of
malware could be first he shut down the
valves which drain the sewage
simultaneously he manipulated the
system's display to indicate that
everything was operating almond
is not a big red sign saying alert
you've been hacked exactly the eventual
result of this would be the reservoirs
filling up and having a toxic overflow
this is theoretical can you give me an
example of where this happened in the
real world so I like to refute the fact
that it's theoretical because as recent
as a few months ago in the Ukraine power
grid that was being shut down industrial
control systems got hacked few years ago
we had reporting by the German
government that a furnace was being
blown up in steel mill due to a
cyberattack
it's the same industrial control systems
if I hacked one of them I can hack
presumably all the others at war this is
without exaggeration the
life-threatening attacks if I pack into
a pharmaceutical plant and I change the
composure of the drugs if I pack into an
oil rig and cause an oil spill if I
create too much pressure in oil
pipelines all of these is no longer data
and privacy issues it start to be safety
and life threatening situations I have
zero doubt in my mind that currently
critical infrastructures in the Western
world already have more Wars inside just
ready for someone to press that red
button and shut off a power grid the
weapons are loaded essentially I think
so that's exactly the definition ideas
while cybersecurity companies become
more and more in demand the crippling
potential of cyber warfare only
continues to grow what we're talking
about here is a total revolution of the
whole concept of war it changes
everything we thought about war and how
it's been conducted and what are the
rules and who is the enemy and can you
recognize the enemy at all
many countries have very dangerous cyber
tools some are using it viciously like
the Russians like the Chinese and are
not shy of using them against other
countries we all understand the
vulnerabilities of critical
infrastructure and we all understand the
vulnerabilities of privacy but what
troubles me is the ability to affect the
mindset of masses the mindset of
Republic the Russians were manipulating
American public mindset that's scary and
that I suspect would eventually
undermine most of Western democracies in
the coming decade I fear that the good
70 years post World War two of
prospering democracies in the Western
world and prosperity economic prosperity
are over
you
