it sounds like you guys have a pretty
limited interaction with women during
lunch of your work day what's that like
I mean every well how are women treated
on job sites like what's it like to do
construction and have women on the site
my honest answer
on the job site we have right now you
know is I seen some stuff there to
probably touch my soul if I was a woman
you know
they choose to draw pictures on the wall
of the woman and not so flattering
pictures that that like women you're
working with those women they drop
pictures of those women yeah on this job
it particularly it's pictures of them
with words and sentences that it's not
so flattering you know words and
sentences uh well in particular is one
lady that without I won't name her but
they have a picture of her you know
basically saying the stuff they want to
do to it on the wall you know for
everybody to see and there's if it was
me it would you know piss me off filled
up you know maybe that's pretty intense
did has she seen it I'm pretty sure
because it's on multiple floors that's
the same woman yeah what do you think
makes that happen why think that bring
why is that I know Jordan you know I
mean like clearly they just don't like
her no but they should go about it
showing it the wrong way you know it's
not it's not nothing like you know uh
you know she's ugly it's like oh she's
beautiful I want to do stuff with it you
know that type of stuff but is you know
is inappropriate damn it's got pretty
heavy pretty quick from where they
expected have you guys all had this sort
of experience well you know what I I
work with office ladies and I work with
the ladies that we have on the field so
there's actually a difference between
them you know ladies you see on the
field they have harder skin you can say
you know they think they can take jokes
they can it's it's different way they
approach things they see the the drawing
and it's it's just a drawing you know
versus you somebody here from the office
he said it's gonna hit human resources
and it's gonna gonna explode real quick
do you think the women in the office are
too sensitive or the women in the field
are not sensitive enough
I think they've been exposed at
different levels so it's a
skin that develops when you're in the
field that you have to let stuff roll
off your back
environment makes them change you know
me personally I mean I just saw it the
other day
um it was just a conversation I was
walking by and the guys have something I
forget what and she I mean you could
tell she has thick skin cuz she said a
uh-huh
and she stopped him right there and that
was it he didn't say nothing else
you know she had control over the whole
situation she didn't she was like she
was gonna put up with it you know I'm
just interested to know if you feel like
the change that's happening in the
country which we feel like we're having
this change all over the place if that
it's just if that's happening down here
on a construction site in Texas or if
it's just some conversation people are
having in New York you know what I mean
yeah I think this is something that's
been going on already since long before
I started going into media it's just
outlined more now with everything that's
going on when I first started working in
construction there were hardly no women
at all and out there and once it started
popping out more and more you did you
just started hearing more issues with
them you knowing you the formants had to
talk differently cuz now it wasn't just
the guys you're talking to but ain't now
there's a lady in the room so you got to
change it up you know you can't just
talk like if she's one of the guys you
know do you think you understand we're
sort of where that where the lines are
or have the lines changed I think that
the line has always been there but you
know like you don't go up to it you
should know not to go up to a woman and
say hey I'm gonna grab you by the
vajayjay you know that's just something
you don't say
I think the ISIS guys we know where the
boundary line is that and the women they
actually set that line depending who
you're talking to you know there's some
women did they they're very clear about
dating this is as far as you're gonna go
and there's some that will joke around
with you more and there's some jokes
that you're like in your mind you're
like should I be really saying that but
she makes it seem like it's cool so
sometimes those boundaries get get
pushed a little further than what they
are do you know even guys you push those
boundaries you get fired yeah some of
these guys did it like I said it all
depends because you know if they've the
girl is okay with it you know and she's
actually allowing it to happen then
she's playing along with situations so
it's not something for you to get fired
with
cuz you're playing with it you know well
then again she shows up one day not in
the mood to play and that boundary was
crossed and you know and now the guy
gets fine crossing in the first place
everybody that's on the field has to go
through my training class and we said
that those those boundaries when we talk
about women you know hey this is as far
as you're gonna go with women you know
they can mix business and personal and
we let them know so when they're on the
field it's not a surprise today you know
what I wasn't supposed to be doing this
or I wasn't supposed to be doing that I
think us we can all tell you the same
thing that in would experience if you're
gonna find your girlfriend in
construction it's gonna go south not
gonna not gonna have a happy ending
because that girl are you working with
you understand that just other
construction guys are gonna be hitting
and it's gonna bother you what's the
worst thing you've heard in the past few
months more than you've heard on the
news thank his name but I think it's a
director or something summer hire was
talking about it how you know she was
abused to her career coming up - thing
everyone's there makes you sick - to see
that you know how a woman sometimes they
have to work twice as hard to get the
job that a guy will get just coming to
work you know the thing that I think
somebody's get fired for is like you
know you've been the leader the head of
the state or the country and you telling
people you want to grab them by the
vajayjay I think the president of United
States should be held to a higher higher
standard than everyone else you know so
I think that's pretty pretty bad
hey I tell you this is not the
stereotype of guy is in construction
that I expected right I mean you know
people say about people like you you
guys working construction woman walks
down the street you howl about it yeah I
came from the Marine Corps also infantry
specifically where there's this they
don't have women in in the infantry in
the Marine Corps I I don't think that we
need to change the entire environment I
think it's impossible to change what it
is in construction specifically it's
been a men's workplace for so long but I
think that together we can work it out I
mean the relationships are still going
to build between men and women inside
the workplace if you don't build
relationship I like going up and asking
a girl hey let me grab your your
vajayjay she's definitely not gonna be
the woman you're gonna turn around and
married five years later she's gonna say
no you need to know that and stop do you
feel like looking back on your life now
after hearing these stories of women
that there are things maybe you did too
you wish she hadn't done yeah immature
in high school you know it's definitely
stuff that I did in high school I'm a
grown man I feel like at a certain age
you should definitely go out out grow
out of it I don't I don't know what the
me to movement is but you don't but my
big my big changing point I guess was my
daughters they're getting older now and
I think like Keith is saying back when I
was in school I was a lot different and
I think of them in school now they're
gonna be going into junior high soon and
imagining all the things that I used to
do with girls how I used to approach
them and stuff in school and I got to
teach them and I'm trying to set an
example for them what how men should be
there are women these days were coming
out and saying look this this guy was an
asshole to me 15 years ago 20 years ago
and I wanted to be punished for it now
what do you think about that is that
fair I think you should have been
brought up then why not me if there's
proof or something there for it
depending on how bad it was I guess yes
you go forward but if it's in the past
and there's no way to prove it I was his
word against her word right I think with
the me to movement that's the whole
point of it is uh
you know you're not crazy for bringing
this up now I know you were scared back
then but you know me too I know from
personal experience of people who've
been you know touched and you know it's
just demoralizing is it misses what your
soul it messes with your psyche and you
don't want to bring it up to anyone
because you don't want to muddy to look
at you in that light so it was like okay
now you've got the strength like we
mature from talking bad to women they
mature and they like okay well now I
want everybody to know what type of
person he was depending on what it is
all he is he still might be especially
if someone comes out and say hey he did
this
me and is not believable because it was
a lovable person you know
well hey guess what fifteen years ago he
was doing the same thing so I have to
just be a little push back on you guys a
little bit cuz you guys you guys are all
talking like you're very open to this
conversation you're very ready to talk
about this with women in your lives and
talk about you know with the women that
you work with but is there nothing in
you that's like nervous now about as
we're changing the understanding of what
it is it can get you fired
what does it you can get you in a lot of
trouble yeah I mean differently is in
the back of your head all the time you
know and uh especially when it's thrown
in your face over and over on the news
you definitely have to think you know a
tane should I you know say this should I
look at her this way or you know you got
to change some stuff about you because
like I said we're all men it's not like
we're angels we look at women we might
have said something to a woman but you
know now that is coming out there hey
you might lose your livelihood and you
know everybody's talking about
everybody's getting a strength to talk
about it I was like okay maybe I
shouldn't now whenever I have to deal
with with the woman that we have a
situation at work I have to have a
witness with me you know because if
something goes out she says that I said
something it has to be a witness to what
was going on women are not angels that
don't lie you know it's definitely women
out there to get mad at men maybe they
wanted to talk to you and you didn't
talk to him and you know they switch fix
on in the head hey you know it's me too
moving that's too let's say that he
tried to you know sexually harass me and
get him fired
you know it's my word versus his and my
word is stronger right now because
there's a whole movement behind it guys
feel the same way about it it's better
to always have somebody there
as a witness I mean it's like a policy
that's an unwritten sometimes you know
think is gonna be harder to be a guy in
the next few years I think change is
difficult you know everything that we're
going through but eventually ever it is
just gonna settle down it because it's
it's a whole new generation taking over
you know every understand that a lot of
the generation that's here now it's it's
old school you know a lot of them from
the 70s and 60s that they were used to
a man's wearily know hopefully us
Millennials will are a little more
open-minded
