tomorrow the state of Alabama is
scheduled to execute 61 year-old Doyle
Lee ham by lethal injection ham was
sentenced to death in 1987 for murdering
a motel clerk during a robbery
but while hams been waiting on death row
he's also been dealing with lymphatic
cancer diagnosed four years ago although
the State argues hams cancer is in
remission his attorneys say the
condition is terminal and it's a point
that advocates have seized on to ask
Alabama to halt the execution this
morning
Alabama Attorney General Steve Marshall
said no to that request the petition
includes a lecture to me from all people
the United Nations describing this as
quote the ghoulish execution of a
terminally ill man it gives you no
understanding of the victim and the
consequences to the victims family of
this heinous act the case is opening up
a new front and the debate over the
death penalty what it means for the
state to keep inmates alive when it's
already sentenced them to die he's been
on death row for thirty years and yes
they're aggressively trying to execute
him Bernard Harcourt has been
representing doylee ham pro bono since
he first came across the case in the
early 90s this is the dahle ham room you
have a whole room for Doyle ham yes that
was his mugshot family pictures hawk
what gets a phone call from ham several
times a month how much pain does the
cancer have caused you right now for the
better part of three decades
harcourt was fought to get ham off death
row but in the past few months he's
changed his strategy ham has collapsed
veins as a result of his cancer
treatment which could make lethal
injection incredibly painful
so Harcourt is now trying to get Alabama
to kill ham in a more humane way what
we've proposed is medical aid and dying
essentially because we're dealing with
someone
got lymphatic cancer and who's pretty
much at the end of his life he should
receive an oral injection that would not
involve torture or unnecessary pain or
suffering
Harcourts motion was denied yesterday
which means Alabama will finally be able
to do what it's been trying to do for
decades execute ham during that same
period Harcourt estimates Alabama has
also spent tens of thousands of dollars
making sure ham stayed alive why did the
state of Alabama spend their time trying
to treat his so the only thing that they
treated was the bulging cancerous mass
behind his left eye that was going into
his cranium what they're doing is
they're doing a delicate balance of
keeping him alive just long enough that
they can be the ones who execute him and
that he doesn't die of natural causes
do you find it absolutely absurd that
that is what the state of Alabama is
spending their time doing keeping
someone alive so that they can be the
ones to execute him I wouldn't use the
word absurd I think I would use the word
unconscionable we reached out to the
Alabama Department of Corrections it did
not respond the Attorney General's
Office acknowledged our request but
declined to comment claims like
Harcourts aren't new there has been a
terminally ill prisoner executed in the
United States before in 2007 Oklahoma
executed Jimmy Dale bland who had
terminal lung cancer but is going to be
a problem more states will have to deal
with the death row prisoner population
is getting older and more than 40% of
those sent to death row since 1977 are
still there it's the legacy of massive
incarceration in this country and a
punitive system in the 1970's and 80's
and 90's that has left us this legacy of
aged and infirm prisoners and so yeah
this it's it's we're we're making a turn
into this into hell
you
you
