this is the knife I designed it was made
by bench made for almost 12 years the
sales of this knife is what provides the
income that allows me to spend all my
time working on knife rights from this
tiny room in a subdivision outside
Phoenix Doug Ritter runs knife rights an
organization dedicated to alleviating a
problem you might not have known existed
oppressive knife laws there was no one
who was proactively going around the
country and working to get rid of knife
bands that's where we came in a
proactive aggressive grassroots woven
knife rights is essentially the NRA of
knives but much smaller it's basically
run by Doug and his wife in the lobbyist
fighting for your rights at a sharper
future for all of us in the 11 years
since Ritter founded it it's helped make
laws in more than 20 states or knife
friendly in Texas it successfully fought
for a bill that made it legal to carry
any kind of blade in public even a sword
what would be your example of the ideal
state for a knife loss you're standing
in it there are no illegal knives in
Arizona period changing the laws and
friendly red states is one thing but for
the past few years
Ritter's main project has been in
tougher territory New York City where
Ritter is mounting a constitutional
challenge to an antiquated law that bans
what are known as gravity knives gravity
knives were outlawed in New York in 1958
the classic definition of a gravity
knife is that it's any knife that opens
by gravity alone like this German World
War 2 paratroopers blade but the New
York law also says that a knife that can
be opened by centrifugal force counts as
a gravity knife that is interpreted to
mean that any knife that can be opened
with a single wrist flick is potentially
illegal and that a lot of New Yorkers
are walking around with knives they
don't even know could get them in
trouble
gravity knife enforcement in New York
City is discrimination on steroids Marty
laughs else is a lawyer with the Legal
Aid Society
I'll see you tomorrow a public defender
service in Manhattan 6,000 people
arrested every year at the height of
stop and frisk 86% of those people black
or Latino post stop and frisk we've
found that approximately 4,000 people
are arrested every year for so called
gravity knife possession did you know
what a gravity was was we were thinking
like which one of them 20 miles was the
gravity met I'm like I didn't know I had
no idea in 2014 Roderick crude was on
his way to work when he says he was
stopped by police officers who saw his
chef's knives in his backpack searching
him they found a folding knife that he
says he used to cut boxes on the job he
was charged with possession of a gravity
knife and because of some priors
the charge was bumped up to a felony
yeah you're charging me with a three and
a half inch pocketknife and I got Chucky
blades in my back
didn't make sense for a pocketknife to
have somebody's life ruined is crazy it
really is every day my colleagues and I
represent clients who have been arrested
for possessing knives that they've
purchased at stores like Ace Hardware
autozone Lowe's and even if we can prove
that our clients use the knives for work
in some cases prosecutors still bring
felony prosecutions in the era of
numbers based policing you see this
dramatic increase in the prosecution of
people who are possessing just common
folding knives that are designed
marketed and sold as work tools
last year the New York State Legislature
passed a law to change the gravity knife
but it was vetoed at the last minute by
Governor Andrew Cuomo police groups in
New York City politicians want to keep
the law in place because they say it
keeps New Yorkers safe
the faust and legal aid are now working
with knife rights to challenge the law
in court the two organizations make for
unlikely allies never two million years
where I think that I would be working
with a second amendment group on a
criminal justice issue
Doug Ritter has his own reason for
fighting the New York law he's a knife
purist but there's a knife law he wants
it abolished but Ritter says the problem
with the New York law is more basic it's
so vague that it's impossible to know
for sure you're following it are these
knives legal in New York there's no way
to tell that's the problem in New York
City you can never know your knife is
legal because even if you can't wrist
flick it open if a police officer or
prosecutor can then your legal knife
becomes illegal
let's try this one legal in New York
maybe maybe not I can't do it can you do
it and the problem is just because you
can't do it doesn't mean someone else
can't do it oh that's an illegal knife
one of our plaintiffs even showed his
knife to two different cops on two
different occasions and they were not
able to wrist flick it open and so he
thought he was safe
the third copy met on the street was
able to wrist flick it open and he went
to jail how in anybody's mind is that
just
you
