tonight the NRA of knives Trump's not so
great outdoors they just don't get it
and the royalty of American Mardi Gras
testifying before the House Intelligence
Committee
FBI director Christopher Rea
contradicted the White House's timeline
on the investigation of staff secretary
Rob Porter the FBI submitted a partial
report on the investigation in question
in March and then a completed background
investigation in late July that is soon
thereafter we received requests for
follow-up inquiry and we did the
follow-up and provided that information
in November and that we administrative
it closed the file in January and then
earlier this month we received some
additional information and we passed
that on as well that account differs
from the White House's statement last
week that Porter's background
investigation was still quote ongoing
today Sarah Sanders said that any
findings from the FBI would have gone to
an administrative office which hadn't
yet made a final recommendation on
Porter when he resigned on Wednesday
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu is vowing to stay in office in
the face of the police recommendation
today that he should be indicted for
bribery fraud and breach of trust
Netanyahu maintains that he's done
nothing wrong but Israeli police say
there's sufficient evidence against him
in two separate corruption cases the
country's Attorney General now has to
decide whether or not to charge him
South Africa's ruling party the African
National Congress demanded today that
President Jacob Zuma stepped down the
party decided to issue a formal recall
notice after Zuma who's been engulfed in
financial scandal indicated he wouldn't
resign for another three to six months
he's expected to respond formally by
tomorrow Zuma's denied corruption
allegations but that isn't done much to
pacify his opponents or even the ANC
which removed him as head of the party
in December if he doesn't give up the
presidency on his own
a parliamentary vote could force him out
a member of Boko Haram who took part in
the 2014 kidnapping of 276 schoolgirls
has been given a 15 year jail sentence
he's the first militant to be sentenced
for the mass abduction as the Nigerian
justice ministry resumed trials this
week for more than a thousand suspected
insurgents 112 of the girls are still
being held by Boko Haram Amnesty
International has estimated that overall
the group is holding thousands of women
and children captive the terrorist who
planted nine bombs in New York and New
Jersey in 2016 has been sentenced to
multiple life terms in prison more than
30 people were injured when one of ahmed
khan rahim ease bombs exploded in
Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood he was
arrested two days later after a shootout
with police in New Jersey and convicted
last October prosecutors say he hasn't
shown any remorse and has tried to
radicalize his fellow inmates in federal
prison
American public health officials are
struggling to catch up with a killer
disease
this year's seasonal flu the flu virus
is already responsible for sixty-three
pediatric deaths and is sickening as
many people as at the peak of the 2009
h1n1 pandemic in fact of all the deaths
in the United States last week one in 10
was caused by flu or pneumonia that's
likely flu related on a call with
reporters the Center for Disease Control
was frank about the bleak outlook you
were hoping to have better news but
unfortunately it looks like this looses
and continues to be particularly
challenging our latest tracking data
indicate that influenza activity is
still on the rise overall we don't know
if we've hit the peak yet there are a
number of different influenza strains
circulating during any flu season a big
part of the problem with this one is
that the flu vaccine people have been
getting seems to be working poorly
against the dominant strain in North
America this year influenza A HTM to the
CDC hasn't released its own numbers yet
but the Canadian government found that
this year's flu vaccine is only about 17
percent effective against h3n2 in
previous years the flu vaccine has been
as much as 60 percent effective so why
is this one so far off dr. Katherine
Edwards chairs the FDA panel that meets
twice a year to select which influenza
strains should be included in the annual
vaccine the influenza virus is a very
very difficult one hardy so and the
influenza virus is very very good at
change
so that it can get around the immunity
that we've had from the previous years
and generally to protect against that
the influenza vaccines will have at
least three and many will have four
different strains in the vaccine there
are sites that are funded throughout the
world to collect influenza strains from
people from birds from eggs to try and
understand what is actually happening in
nature we look at those very carefully
we do genetic analysis and we actually
find out exactly what makes up each
influenza strain and how it matches
certain vaccine strains it's a process
that takes wise people and science and
tries to make the best guess for what
string will be circulating but it's fair
to say that we do not bad a thousand
part of the problem is that we've been
making flu vaccines the same way since
the 1940s by growing viruses and chicken
eggs and recent research suggests this
process itself may be one culprit
causing changes in the h3n2 strain that
result in the finished vaccine being
less effective doctors say you should
get the flu shot anyway
because even if protection isn't good
against h3n2 it could offer better
protection against the other strains in
the meantime researchers are scrambling
to develop a so-called universal vaccine
that would offer long-lasting protection
against all flu strains more than 30
different candidates are in development
and testing but when they'll be on the
market is anyone's guess
this is the knife I designed it was made
by bench made for almost 12 years the
sales of this knife is what provides the
income that allows me to spend all my
time working on knife rights from this
tiny room in a subdivision outside
Phoenix Doug Ritter runs knife rights an
organization dedicated to alleviating a
problem you might not have known existed
oppressive knife laws there was no one
who was proactively going around the
country and working to get rid of knife
bands that's where we came in a
proactive aggressive grassroots woven
knife rights is essentially the NRA of
knives but much smaller
it's basically run by Doug and his wife
in the lobbyist fighting for your rights
at a sharper future for all of us in the
11 years since Ritter founded it it's
helped make laws in more than 20 states
or knife friendly in Texas it
successfully fought for a bill that made
it legal to carry any kind of blade in
public even a sword what would be your
example of the ideal state for knife
loss you're standing in it
there are no illegal knives in Arizona
period changing the laws and friendly
red states is one thing but for the past
few years
Ritter's main project has been in
tougher territory New York City where
Ritter is mounting a constitutional
challenge to an antiquated law that bans
what are known as gravity knives gravity
knives were outlawed in New York in 1958
the classic definition of a gravity
knife is that it's any knife that opens
by gravity alone like this German World
War 2 paratroopers blade but the New
York law also says that a knife that can
be opened by centrifugal force counts as
a gravity knife
that is interpreted to mean that any
knife that can be opened with a single
wrist flick is potentially illegal and
that a lot of New Yorkers are walking
around with knives they don't even know
could get them in trouble
gravity knife enforcement in New York
City
is discrimination on steroids Marty
laughs Alice is a lawyer with the Legal
Aid Society okay a public defender
service in Manhattan 6,000 people
arrested every year at the height of
stop and frisk 86% of those people black
or Latino post stop and frisk we've
found that approximately 4,000 people
are arrested every year for so called
gravity knife possession did you know
what a gravity was you were thinking
like which one of it 200 miles was the
grabbing that I'm like I didn't know I
had no idea in 2014 Rodrik crude was on
his way to work when he says he was
stopped by police officers who saw his
chef's knives in his backpack searching
him they found a folding knife that he
says he used to cut boxes on the job he
was charged with possession of a gravity
knife and because of some priors the
charge was bumped up to a felony yeah
you're charging me with a three and a
half inch pocketknife and I got Chucky
blades in my back he didn't make sense
to me
for a pocketknife to have somebody's
life ruined is crazy it really is every
day my colleagues and I represent
clients who have been arrested for
possessing knives that they've purchased
at stores like Ace Hardware autozone
Lowe's and even if we can prove that our
clients use the knives for work in some
cases prosecutors still bring felony
prosecutions in the era of numbers based
policing you see this dramatic increase
in the prosecution of people who are
possessing just common folding knives
that are designed marketed and so
as work tools last year the New York
State Legislature passed a law to change
the gravity knife rule but it was vetoed
at the last minute by Governor Andrew
Cuomo police groups and New York City
politicians want to keep the law in
place because they say it keeps New
Yorkers safe
the Fauss and legal aid are now working
with knife rights to challenge the law
on court the two organizations make for
unlikely allies never two million years
where I think that I would be working
with a second amendment group on a
criminal justice issue
Doug Ritter has his own reasons for
fighting the New York law
he's a knife purist but there's a knife
law he wants it abolished but Ritter
says the problem with the New York law
is more basic it's so vague that it's
impossible to know for sure you're
following it are these knives legal in
New York there's no way to tell that's
the problem with New York City you can
never know your knife is legal because
even if you can't reflect it open if a
police officer or a prosecutor can then
your legal knife becomes illegal
let's try this one legal in New York
maybe maybe not
I can't do it can you do it and the
problem is just because you can't do it
doesn't mean someone else can't do it oh
that's an illegal knife one of our
plaintiffs even showed his knife to two
different cops on two different
occasions and they were not able to
wrists lick it open and so he thought he
was safe
the third cop he met on the street was
able to wrist flick it open and he went
to jail how in anybody's mind is that
just On January 15th nine of the twelve
members of the National Park System
Advisory Board resigned on mass the
all-volunteer board whose members
included leading scientists professors
and former politicians isn't exactly
famous but it is important
it's tasked with advising on landmark
designations and recommending new ones
the members said they were sick of being
ignored by the Interior Department which
said it was happy to see them go
Wow looky here I'm just gonna set up my
pup tent here and so the board that you
were all on what exactly were its
responsibilities what the Charter is of
the board is to approve these national
historic landmarks and approved natural
landmarks we offer advice and guidance
not only from the 12 of us but our
committees Milton had a huge Education
Committee Melinda had a huge Herman
committee you know I think it's fair to
say we were the most active National
Park System advisory board at the
request of the NPS Director for director
John Jarvis he basically opened that
portfolio much more broadly and said I'd
like to get advice on how we're going to
change the Park Service to be more
relevant to our broader urban
communities how do we make it more
relevant to the people of color what
exactly was it like to be on the board
under the Trump administration what
changed with regards to to being on the
board versus when when Obama was in
power while shaking our heads because we
don't know right we were never
communicated with we were never convened
for a meeting
it was positively zero zero
communication never arbitrarily the
Secretary of Interior withdrew the order
to the park service that came out of our
work of the Science Committee to have
science be part of management decisions
and specifically climate change and they
resented that order in August and now
there can be no reference either science
or climate change in the matters
decision I made that blew my mind when
the fee issue came up that was like kind
of the clincher for me as it is you know
we have a real challenge with how costly
it is you know to visit our national
parks and by the way the fees were
raised for seventy million dollars in
aggregate for maintenance the
maintenance backlog is
than billion dollars 70 million would
have been a true drop in the pocket
I mean we we waited for a year to be
asked for our advice and when it became
clear we were not going to be asked or
convened and I personally again as a
member of this advisory board said okay
we see where you're going we've given
you time and it's you're going in the
opposite direction it was pretty clear
that this administration was not
interested in our work but we also
wanted to make the statement that we did
not want to be part of their agenda
wouldn't you have been more effective if
you had stayed on the board and waited
it out who have you also given up some
of your power by resigning I don't think
so it became clear that there was going
to be little way that we would have any
influence so we were concerned enough
for the National Park Service that we
just felt the time is now let's do it so
you're raising an alarm yes how did it
feel to resign from the board the
response from the interior made me crazy
the response was absolutely terrible
it was derogatory just crediting
dishonest thing well they called us two
sons how did that make you feel angry
really this administration has really no
understanding of the unique mission of
the National Park Service they don't
recognize the important role of aving
the resource for our grandchildren and
their grandchildren forever but also the
important role of welcoming everybody
into the national parks for an
exceptional experience we the people
that owned the parks through and it
distinguished us as a country as opposed
to other countries that also have
national parks but are much more
privatized than ours and we certainly
hope that doesn't occur we I may have
resigned but actually the work isn't
done it's like I wrote on some post I
have resigned but I am NOT resigned to
the current circumstances
I started sewing when I was 12 my mother
insisted that if I was gonna wear
anymore pretty clothes I had to make
them what I'm doing is trying to cushion
the Queen's neck from the wire so I'm
adding real fur to give that softness my
name is Patricia hacelle Richardson I am
a Mardi Gras designer I design in Queens
regalia and ladies and gentlemen of the
royal court I'm always thinking I'm
always designing in my head I think it
starts at 10 if I'm not mistaken this
year's Queens train is 18 feet long and
9 feet wide and it's 4 layers of fabric
it's very heavy it's about 65 to 75
pound Monica is very glitzy glammy the
beads the rhinestones the fringe all of
the hoopy-loopy stuff is mighty Gras
Mardi Gras started in mobile most people
have a misconception that is started in
New Orleans but mobile is the home of
money clock it's different from New
Orleans because mobile it's like family
we come home from Maddie grubbers to
come home for Christmas
there are many many many different crews
and societies and organizations of
mighty growth but the two main one the
mobile carnival association I think
mostly of European to see the mobile
area my de Grasse Association is a
little different that's predominantly
african-american organization
people think that it's just so
segregated you know it's not it's it's
culture MCA has their culture map is
their culture
but they come together and have a good
time you respect each other's culture
okay let's see what it looks like for
you sit the young lady I designed for
them is Tiffany home greatest experiment
this is the first year for my family to
actually have someone as a queen it
showcases a lot of your accomplishments
and it just gives you that high honor
you know I did something great and I'm
honoring my family while doing it so
here at mobile to be the queen is like
to rule the city for Mardi Gras the
royal coronation is the first time the
Queen and King is wearing their regalia
that is the whole thing the pageantry of
the carnation and of seeing the royal
subjects and the public seeing the Queen
and King that's where she's crowned -
she's not Queen yet the King crowns this
Queen and it is just so magical and it's
just beautiful
you know I love creating I love
designing I just love seeing people look
beautiful and I love to see people happy
and feeling good that's what it means to
me just making somebody's dreams come
true my ego is all make-believe it's not
reality you know it's just a little time
you took out of reality to do something
different in your life that's vice news
tonight for Tuesday February 13
you
