while the world watches North Korea
compete in the Olympics North Koreans
are mostly watching state media but it's
not all just drab agitprop kim jong un's
father Kim jong-il was passionate about
filmmaking and believed in the power of
the cinema to unite his country his
movies were big military dramas and they
had messages of duty to the leader
embedded in nearly every frame the state
was never wrong and its leader never
made mistakes
Kim Jong moon by contrast loves the
small screen under his rule state media
has moved away from the Communist epic
and into more intimate family dramas a
tear every night between 8:00 and 10:00
p.m. after that the power goes out in
Cognac to understand more about what
North Koreans are watching and what the
government wants him to think we arrange
a screening with Jean Lee she's an
expert in contemporary North Korean
television something she picked up while
working as a journalist in Xianyang yes
this is a country that has so many rules
and if you disobey the rules you break
them the consequences are really dire is
there a consensus in North Korea then
that when you watch a television show
that this is a model for how you're
supposed to behave I think North Koreans
understand that they need to watch these
to look for those clues but these
lessons and how they're supposed how to
be a good citizen are wrapped up in
these really entertaining dramas the
first show we watched was a primetime
sitcom called our neighbors that takes
place in one of Chong Yang's newest
high-rises it's kind of like a communist
friend everyone's in everyone else's
business and they mostly hang around an
elevator which is a relatively rare
thing in North Korea so you should at
the end of the second episode the
neighbors rush home to watch and
celebrate a rocket launch on the news
I think it's an amazing scene because
we've had a couple years of a lot of
provocations right in this one so this
would have been in December 2012 when
they launched this long-range rocket and
they call it a satellite but it's really
a test of ballistic missile technology
we see from that exchange how closely
they pay attention to the news and then
we get to see that the propagandists are
like you need to treat this like a party
you need to get up and dance and sing
and celebrate well because I noticed
there was that there is a power outage
do you wanna change it yeah is any
acknowledgment or the acknowledgement at
all that there might be problems like a
power outage and is that common in North
Korean television I wouldn't say it's
common so that's why this is so unusual
and this is something we've seen with
Kim jong-un he would be really critical
and he would call people out for
mistakes that they've made and now we're
starting to see that reflected in the
dramas acknowledging where things fall
short and then giving people the tools
to overcome in Santa in the north the
manager of a mine is confronted with a
choice between the old ways of doing
business and the new order yo se par√≥
upon deterrence wakka cotton on menara a
substance and a yogi so tell me now you
can go strollin Zambian pesos on a
bubble cutter oil pan Georgia yokosuka
virus Mira
I love that the woman is the one who's
most knowledgeable here better than like
watching a lot of American films it's
mostly aimed at people who still feel
stuck between Kim jong-un and his father
North Korea actually has massive amounts
of mineral they're sitting on a gold
mine literally of minerals but they
don't know how to extract it there soon
reveals conflict between like old
smelting techniques I think it was in
wet smelting which is a new smell thing
and that seemed to stand in for a larger
cultural issue like is that true
it shows their frustration I think that
the leadership has what the leader has
with people's unwillingness to think
outside that box and perhaps that was
the way they were under Kim Jong Il and
now he's like listen this is a problem
you need to take risks in order for us
to move forward this is kind of a way of
saying listen in order for us to get to
that point where we have a success we
need to make some mistakes along the way
don't be afraid of it Kim jong-un is
also a big sports fan who believes in
its unifying and nationalistic power in
the series small playground of a primary
school a member of North Korea's
internationally successful women's
soccer team lose to a small village to
coach an elementary school
you gotta get that one that's that's on
the keeper one of the only times I think
people actually see North Koreans on any
sort of stages during the Olympics like
how important has that sort of worldwide
exposure been to Kim jong-un North Korea
is under so many sanctions and isolated
in so many ways but sports is one arena
where they can still compete and be
exposed to the rest of the world so he
really sees the potential for sports
diplomacy we're seeing him take
advantage of that now with the Olympics
in South Korea we watched like a
combination of like dangerous minds and
bad news bears it seemed very familiar
to me
you know a young teacher comes in and
teaches kids new ways and they go on to
win things yeah they're like a motley
group of misfits that she breathed
together yeah it's a very familiar theme
what is the state trying to say with
this this has been a huge part of Kim
jong-un's campaign sports our scene is
one way to bring your country glory all
propaganda has a metal layer the state
is always in a way talking to the stage
jeanne believes Kim Jong Un's work on
the small screen might be his way to
differentiate himself from his father
and show his vision forward so he's
really been trying to convince the
people that hey I'm watching out for
your quality of life you're gonna have
more fashion gonna have cell phones
you're gonna have a lot computers TVs
tons of food which is something that we
see throughout TV dramas even though
they have a chronic food shortage it's a
propaganda after all and also the other
thing that's really noticeable is the
demographic the stars are much younger
he's a young guy I mean Kim jong-un is
only in his 30s and if he's gonna rule
for decades he's gotta win the loyalty
of that younger generation
you
you
