the most prominent face of the
Palestinian resistance right now isn't a
politician or a militant it's a 17 year
old girl named ahead to me me in a video
that went viral in December she and her
cousin kick and slapped two Israeli
soldiers near their home in the West
Bank tomorrow she'll face assault and
incitement charges in an Israeli
military court two Palestinians to me me
as a modern-day Joan of Arc Israelis see
her as a pawn in the Palestinian
propaganda scheme glomalin Duclair
Seleucia Tamimi spent her 17th birthday
in prison awaiting trial her family
which has a history of activism
threw a party for her in absentia I am
worried because she enhance our mind my
enemy I'm scared and proud that she
became the icon of the face of Palestine
the sand below generation Tamimi has
told the courts that she believed the
soldier she hit had shot her cousin
point-blank in the head with a rubber
coated bullet sufficient June Day
weekend today near future
but her father says that she didn't need
any specific provocation all around us
is a reason to slept all the soldiers
they occupied all our lands their normal
react against the soup coefficient is to
resist I think she was very kind with
this soldier Tamizh protests have drawn
attention before at age 11 she was
photographed shaking her fist at Israeli
troops a year later she was filmed
biting a soldier's he was trying to
detain her brother for throwing around
these actions read is intentional and
criminal provocation to shulie moolah a
member of the Knesset Enosh Enosh boyish
Baha
she put elected by : if salute - isla de
liquor care it tilt on chocolate Sally
and she may told me shake into a meadow
and I hope evidentially for me my Muslim
is a a gang sham it's your cloak azoty
in love with money men assimilate solely
multi mujer let's al qadir Kubelik
Marcia would seem it's not clear yet how
much jail time to me me could face but
she's been brought up on 12 separate
charges including aggravated assaults
and according to the UN Israel's
military court has a conviction rate of
nearly a hundred percent the probation
destroy her childhood and when throat
hey the future
you
