New Zealand markets itself as a sub
tropical paradise of pristine landscapes
dotted with the occasional sheep close
to 4 million foreign tourists visit the
islands every year and over half a
million of them have a very specific
mission to experience the Lord of the
Rings in real life he's trying to kill
you in your smiling that's crazy
for 15 years Don gora has been taking
people on tours of a place that doesn't
exist the mythical plains of Gondor in
the words of Gandalf we have just
entered the realm of Gondor if you watch
The Fellowship of the Ring for me it's
like a picture postcard of New Zealand
and then do you remember how they write
the stream so this would be the nth wash
River
so Rohan would be here and Gondor would
be here do do you think that this
landscape is it is important yes very
iconic especially the brown top tussock
i like to call it Gondor in gold it's
very iconic in the movie
tourism is New Zealand's biggest export
and in ads the country brands itself as
one hundred percent pure but
middle-earth has some dirty problems the
country's second largest export industry
is transforming the naturally arid
Mackenzie region that GaN durian gold
into green pasture we've got quite a few
dairy farms in the region and so we're
15 years ago the landscape was very like
this and they now have big irrigators
and it is green and lush with grass if
you took it an overall view you actually
see circles right throughout the
Mackenzie this is big money
New Zealand provides more dairy for the
global market than any other country and
alone provides half of China's dairy
imports but the massive dairy industry
has an environmental impact to match the
country's six point six million cows are
contaminating the iconic landscapes that
the tourism industry depends on
Simon Williamson the provincial
president of the federated Farmers
organisation doesn't see it that way
Cepeda cut chicory out here that we're
just cutting Forsyte he manages a nine
thousand acre farm in the Mackenzie
basin the biodiversity and the soil has
immense water walls when we started now
I've got beautiful soil structure and
and farmers that's what they do they
look after the land and then it's an e
right interest there is a few so-called
intellects that like to knock on about
it but I don't think the risk to the
country really buy into it Dave Kelly
and Ann Brower are two of those
so-called intellects they say turning
the land from gold to green is just
ruining the region's aesthetic it's
messing up the landscape on a
fundamental level turning gondor into
mortal you go to the Mackenzie the
biological values are not obvious and I
don't think the farmers understand them
and so you go into that system and you
put irrigation and fertilizer on it
you are obliterating it how important is
the Mackenzie area from an ecological
standpoint well it's very important
it has unusual landforms and as a result
of that it has a whole bunch of unusual
plants and animals so when farmers give
that argument that they're actually
creating a land that is productive
versus a land that was never productive
what is your reaction well that's the
cultural story of the Mackenzie that
these are toughened wizened old southern
men who have created something out of
nothing
so guys we talked about props this one
here is the only thing that I have that
originated in the movie people are gone
a heavy real stake in this land and are
worried that increased dairy farming
could ruin its Ghandour good looks
people come to see exactly what they saw
in the movie and so therefore the grass
was green and you know we had cows
everywhere we didn't see that in Lula
rings away so that would essentially put
you out of business pretty much yeah if
I had to give up milk I could do that if
I could stand in Mackenzie okay so what
we're gonna do you're gonna get those
flags and those swords in your hands and
you are going to yell perfect
you
