the first rule is stand up straight with
your shoulders back it's like get ready
you've got things to do there's chaos to
confront I'm I'm making this video
because I don't really know what else to
do
this is a YouTube video dr. Jordan
Peterson recorded on September 27 2016
back then he was an obscure psychology
professor at the University of Toronto I
think that some of the things that I say
in my lectures now might be illegal I
think they might even be sufficient for
me to be brought before the Ontario
Human Rights Commission under their
amended hate speech laws Peterson was
afraid of Bill c16 Allah he claimed
would force him to use gender-neutral
pronouns like they are them instead of
him or her he refused and protests
followed you have no idea if I'm your
enemy you have no idea about you won't
use my pronoun so I'm pretty sure you're
my enemy yes yeah I know you think that
but I don't believe that using your
pronouns is going to do you any good in
the long run I think it he did quite the
contrary these videos all went viral and
Jordan Peterson became the most infamous
intellectual in Canada overnight all
right that you hate to be compared to
you want to stir things up I'm only a
provocateur insofar as when I say what I
believe to be true it's provocative
all the attention pushed Peterson's new
book 12 rules for life to the tops of
the bestsellers list it's a manual for
young man that's equal parts pop
psychology and self-help but it also
includes Peterson's unique spin on
gender studies which includes a lot of
rankings of men and women on scales of 1
to 10 and a few Dirac repudiation of the
feminist movement the success of the
book prompted a nationwide tour of
sold-out theater is filled with adoring
fans I came all the way out here from
Pennsylvania because he came to me in a
part of my life where I really needed
someone to have to look up to you
realize where he's coming from but if
you're not highly educated you
understand what he's saying which guy is
magnetism dr. Peterson has changed my
life he has reminded me that I should
first and foremost clean my room the
first rule is stand up straight with
your shoulders back it's like get ready
you've got things to do there's chaos to
confront there's order to establish and
revivify and there's evil to constraint
and so that's what 12 rules for life is
about after the talk Peterson's fans
lined up to ask questions these were the
first two good Jewish individuals use
their position of power to seek out
revenge against places like Europe and
Russia that have a history of exchanges
hold
as you know last month the US the New
York Times wrote about a pentagon
program investigating the UFO phenomenon
I wonder what your thoughts are on the
UFO phenomena still a million abductions
and how did not believe and the Book of
Enoch might be involved okay
so after his sold-out show in New York I
met dr. Peterson at his home in Toronto
we started off discussing his work but
the conversation quickly veered into
something else he was a target audience
who are you trying to reach well partly
me and then partly people who feel that
there might be more in them than they're
currently manifesting people who've been
fed a nauseating saccharine diet of
Rights and Freedoms for like 50 years
with no counterbalance of responsibility
and most people find almost all the
genuine meaning in their life in the
adoption of responsibilities it seems to
me that there's sort of two versions of
you that are floating around the one is
that scholarly work that you've done
over your career yeah and then there's
this online version but I mean do you
feel split at all right now fragmented
is more the accurate than just split the
political split that you're talking
about is the humanities at the
universities have become intolerably
corrupt they don't teach people to read
they don't teach them to think they
don't teach them to speak they don't
have them read great works
they've become indoctrination factories
for a social justice ideology I have a
personal theory that I wanted to run by
you and it is that college right now in
universities are their own ecosystem and
that professors and students both have
been sort of trapped in a war of ideas
as you put it that keeps escalating but
that once you walk outside the gates of
that university that it seems very
contained to the University what I don't
see is sort of this sort of veering
towards apocalypse yeah spreading it's
spreading into HR into corporations
throughout the US through HR departments
very very rapidly in what way so in a
way that is not sort of like hey how are
you how do you not grab like the absence
regulating hugging right and not only
that not only that they do not feel like
that was out of a responsive these sorts
of stories like of generations of men
sort taken advantage it's not easy to
solve complicated problem and like
ready-made the ideological solutions
don't work they just make it worse but
come on that's like you're just that's
just like a maxim you know do not
actually addressing the question which
is like isn't there harm that is trying
to be solved the reason to there isn't a
question there's a set of questions and
no one's posing them here's a question
can men and women work together in the
workplace yes I how do you do it how do
you know because I work with a lot of
women well it's been happening for what
40 years and and things are
deteriorating very rapidly at the moment
in terms of the relationships between
men and women you sexual harassment in
the workplace yes
should it stop that would be good will
it well not at the moment it won't
because we don't know what the rules are
do you think men and women can work in
the workplace together you don't know
without sexual harassment we'll see well
how many years will it take for men and
women working in the workplace together
more than four in a sense we don't know
what the rules are like what here's a
rule about no makeup in the workplace
why would that from why should you wear
makeup in the workplace isn't that
sexually provocative no it's not no what
is it then what's the purpose of makeup
it's some people would like to just put
on makeup why I don't know why why do
you make your lips red because they turn
red during sexual arousal
that's why why do you put Rouge on your
cheeks same reason the I mean look how
about high heels we're gonna make what
about how young what about them
they're there to exaggerate sexual
attractiveness that's what high heels do
now I'm not saying that people shouldn't
use sexual displays in the workplace I'm
not saying that but I am saying that
that is what they're doing and that is
what they're doing if do you feel like a
serious woman who does not want sexual
harassment in the workplace do you feel
like if she wears makeup in the
workplace that she is somewhat being
critical yeah okay
do you think that one of the things that
you've talked about is that a lot of
times you talk to these young men who
are sort of flirting with far-right
ideologies and you try and bring them
back like what is that process like how
do you bring someone back from the
far-right tell my bitter story what is
the better story
grow the hell up take your place in the
world you've got something to contribute
make a plan live as an individual stay
away from the identity politics
pathology it's just an excuse for
failing to live your life in a
respectable and noble manner it's a way
better story than like go wave your
idiot far-right flag at some rally with
a bunch of pasty-faced morons what kind
of pathetic behavior is that so it's
time to grow the hell up are you worried
at all that you're sort of attracting a
crowd that you might now on our track no
I'm not
I'm worried always that I'll make a
mistake in what I say no impulsive
mistake careless mistake that I won't be
on top of things in a combat of
interview that sort of thing they don't
make a mistake I've been worried about
that almost to the exclusion of
everything else for the last 15 months
but I'm not worried about the impact of
what I'm doing because the evidence is
overwhelming that it's positive
you
you
