okay an estimated 15 million people are
competing this year in one of the most
valuable lotteries in the world the
contest to get an American green card
the diversity immigrant visa program
established in 1990 hands out 50,000
green cards every year to people from
underrepresented nations with the goal
of diversifying the population of US
immigrants that means people from
countries like China India and Mexico
can't apply but aside from that there
are almost no requirements it costs
nothing to apply and you only have to
submit some limited biographical info no
other country in the world has a visa
lottery like this the only downside is
that it's almost impossible to win in
2017 only around one quarter of one
percent of applicants ended up with a
green card vice news followed three
people who rolled the dice this year I
came to the u.s. in August 2013 to start
grad school at Columbia and it's my
fifth year both in grad school and in
the US when I was in my undergrad in
Moscow for five years I lived with my
grandma so after five years of living
with my grandma it was fine to move even
so far away although I now miss my
family and friends very much if I do in
the green card lottery it will be easier
for me to find a job because I will not
be restricted to only those employers
who can sponsor h-1b work visa but also
I really like the political atmosphere
here and I was never political before I
came to grad school but here I got
involved with the Union and sort of
started organizing and became more aware
of my own view
and the furnishes the first time I came
to the US I was a young adult and it was
for performance I only stayed for days
and I was shocked in the good way for
this was too short for sure but I really
enjoyed it a lot and it came to my mind
to go back to New York as soon as
possible I want to stay in America
because first of all jazz was born in
America and there is definitely a
culture and a tradition here
that is different in French to meet jazz
is really to meet it here and here in
New York my American Dream is not
necessarily to make tons of money or to
be successful but to have the freedom to
do exactly what I want to do
artistically speaking
I'm from Ghana
I'm a student in Bronx Community College
and I'm studying computer information
systems mainly on programming I love
Ghana because they will say for me I
traveled to Brazil right from Brazil I
traveled across countries in the
southern part of America right into the
United States so my immigration status
right now it's an asylum seeker looking
at the duration that I have to wait to
2020 before I appear before an
immigration court I thought it wise to
you know go to college to show them that
you know while I was waiting I was also
you know going to school people say is
the land of freedom but then again the
quality of education in the United
States is second to none so I believe
that coming here you know will give me
that opportunity the sense of you know
having been able to achieve something in
life and so that's the reason why I
chose the United States I'm just hoping
and praying that you know my chances
that it comes that I wait and you know I
take it from there
I'm not particularly nervous because and
that's very helpful
I do hope I'm wrong so we'll see oh okay
I'll copy my confirmation number has not
been selected that's pretty much it
okay so maybe this is a moment okay my
my hands are sweating and it's not good
it's a it's just that it would have
helped a lot and would have made this
decision easier the shoe will really go
on forever I want to say well you know
United States me to be able to have a
better future
it's a blessing to have this DV lateral
being called today and the Ramadan
starts today too so I'm just hoping that
you know it happens that I win who knows
let's hope and see shaking now Ben it's
taking time to load
watch me the website is down I think
there's too much people check him
keep refreshing the page keep refreshing
pain so I've now been selected for the
Visa Lottery so what's next for me it's
just concentrate on my college you know
I will take my chances and reapply and
you know keep wishing and hoping for
better better things I had
you
