President Trump and his Republican
allies will use their massive primetime
audience tonight to host a TV show about
how great the country is doing with them
in charge and the Democrats will try to
counter all the Republican applause
lines with their own narrative
representative Joe Kennedy the third
scion of the party's oldest political
dynasty will deliver the official
Democratic response Bernie Sanders will
give his reaction in a speech online and
there's another official Democratic
response in Spanish it will be broadcast
on Spanish language networks including
Univision and Telemundo which reach
millions of viewers for those remarks
party elders are calling on someone
who's totally new to politics like you
deserve to set out to run for office the
first time and this is you did you ever
believe that this picture would actually
take place No first Vietnamese American
delegate first transgender woman
delegate you're the first Latino
immigrant woman to be in the in house
delegates do you feel like a special
responsibility because of all that extra
power I don't even got all the extra
history I don't know yes I do because
it's like we could have more people
looking like us running for office
Elizabeth Guzman is the new Statehouse
delegate from the 31st district of
Virginia eighth term Republican
incumbent to get here it was her first
time on the ballot she wrote a Blue Wave
in Virginia that changed the makeup of
the oldest legislative body in the
United States tell me a bit about your
story how you got into the United States
and how you got the job that you have
now I'm originally from Peru at the
beginning like many immigrants I juggle
three jobs just to be able to afford a
one-bedroom apartment and now I have two
masters degrees and I work for a local
government here in Virginia I mean the
last he called me and she said she
wanted me to the remodel I was like who
let me look like to see who did it
before and I came across Marco Rubio's
when he stopped and had a sip of water
and I'm like oh no I'm not doing that
Oh suck it haha Guzman is a political
outsider in ways that go beyond her
background she was a Bernie delegate
she's not rich
until tonight she wasn't part of the
establishment are you just giving like a
spanish-language version of what
representative Kennedy is saying no it's
my own speech because I wanted to take
the opportunity to introduce myself then
we're gonna do a reflection of what
Trump has done throughout this year I'm
gonna talk about dreamers we're gonna
talk about the wall let's not talk about
Puerto Rico and then after that you know
I wanted to also to take the opportunity
to talk about the Democratic Party and
what our values and what are we fighting
for here your speech is going to be very
much about this president how important
is it to call him out for things that
may be racist things that are happening
right now how important is it going
directly at that stuff it's very
important because if we don't say
anything that means that we are enabling
him to continue with that behavior we
have to speak up this country was the
country of immigrants so why are we
gonna change our country after 238 years
just because we have a president ice
rises right now Democrats are struggling
over how to talk immigration there's not
a black dream or a Latino dream and our
Asian dream there's one dream in this
country and that is the American dream
they took a hard line approach during
the shutdown but their resolve only
lasted 72 hours tonight they're trying
the emotional approach bringing
undocumented immigrants as guests to the
State of the Union they're hoping to
show their faces when the national
audience for politics is the largest but
after the speech the other official
Democratic response tonight will be by a
white dude there are those people who
say the Democrats are talking about
immigration too much this is like a
dangerous thing and it might cause white
voters to be turned off and I wonder
what you think about that well that's my
role tonight my role is to educate white
voters of what is the immigration story
because we always hear a white person
talking about immigration but we never
hear an immigrant talking about
immigration and I think that's why my
speech is gonna be so powerful
Latinos we are the largest minority in
this country and we all get out and vote
we can decide who the next president is
going to be we can decide the
composition of the House of
Representatives in 2018 and that's
Michael
you
