today in Cabo 5 gunmen attacked a
military academy killing 11 soldiers and
injuring 15 it was the fourth major
terrorist attack in Afghanistan in just
the last 10 days on Saturday more than a
hundred people died when an ambulance
packed with explosives detonated on a
crowded street in the capital including
well it's it puts on Amazon but the
Taliban and Isis are ramping up the pace
of their attacks and the Afghan National
Army isn't effective enough to do
anything about it so President Ashraf
Ghani is betting on a different strategy
drastically increasing the number of
Special Forces troops who might stand a
better chance
this army base on the outskirts of Kabul
is the training ground of the Afghan
Army's elite commando unit they've been
in the fight since 2007 but in the last
year they've become a key part of the
coalition strategy to beat back the
Taliban's gains and stop the wave of
bloody insurgent attacks
commanders represent only about seven
percent of the Afghan army but they're
responsible for nearly 70 percent of
offensive operations including night
raids alongside US Special Forces the
plan is to boost the number of
commanders from 17,000 to 30,000 troops
to help bolster and military exhausted
assistance attacks from the Taliban and
Isis we have a sense in Afghanistan when
you try hard in training yeah no one can
defeat you on the ground but even among
these fighters there's a recognition of
the Taliban are gaining momentum how
does your family feel about you doing
this course and graduating as a as a
commando Oh two days of Memories was
trained in the US and served as a
platoon commander in the Afghan army for
14 years before he joined their special
operations unit supervised by US Special
Forces
he asked us not to use his last name in
order to protect his family we live in a
rural area under threat from eternity
the word has already gotten out about
what mara way stands for a living
coming from where you come from what are
the difficulties and challenges do you
face in choosing this know my sheet I
came in emotional but they move up or
Bonnie portal era my MOOC or Bonnie
talabani to spear doulas budget alabanza
for the poor community movers around the
jungle ok material target was
appropriate and wedges that follow a
tiny particles not use an ashram ecology
it does to the poorest always
appropriately if the average commander
wounds around $50 a month higher than
the average Afghan soldier in the font
salary to turn down but is the Taliban's
control of territory in Afghanistan
expands the risks are deepening over the
past year around 10,000 Afghan security
personnel have been killed and 16,000
wounded the UN data also shows that 10
civilians a day were killed on average
in the first nine months of last year
and politicians are hearing that a
growing number of those our military
families being targeted
me away see a semi represents Nangarhar
province the scene of last week's attack
on the regional office of Save the
Children which killed four and wounded
dozens these elders have traveled from
nangka heart so you see knees office in
Kabul hoping for answers
welcome Ashley laches a manga assassin
was still there a dozen wounded near
possibility how about the investment the
American government is making into the
Special Forces training thousands of
commandos the obligee hope Mattoon
aqueduct am asking the special posted
it'll be a clue and even increase the
forces but the forces are not the
solution the west padena gravel
attractive IAM shaman maja the haunt of
ammonia nudity dr. artist away kiichi
demon God that is a general issue
devoted an opal is the voted on Umatilla
Nepali you to compliment Kennedy each
trooper mentality the manga potato bonda
moon shark alley ureter a possessor
Terry - abdominal cavity the Oscar
Padilla kisara
da da van Istanbul Saladin is Amin was
honey doctor the telephone for Thomas
minashi suburbia use extra value let
people
you
you
