On January 8th the Trump administration
said it would end temporary protected
status for people from El Salvador the
move inflamed and already heated debate
over how to treat immigrants with
long-standing ties to the US since 2001
TPS has allowed some Salvadorans to stay
here because their homeland is too
dangerous now unless Congress acts more
than 220,000 of them will be forced to
leave next year I came here when I was
five years old I feel I'm more of this
country than of my so it's like you're
sending people like me that could be the
potential future for this country back
to a place where they have no future
immigrants aren't the only ones affected
193 thousand kids have been born in the
u.s. to Salvador and parents with TPS
families like Maryland's are weighing
two options they can split up or bring
their us-born kids to a country where
gang violence has caused one of the
world's highest murder rates
my family is made up of six individuals
my mother my father and myself we have
TPS and then my three younger siblings
they're US citizens you winnin no
antonova is a ver que bueno tenemos que
tener un parque yeah prácticamente no Co
no semo's son grandes difficult a days
porque tenemos not rosy hos nacido
zackin yo mo samosa hora para llevar los
a un país que no canossian entonces
ahora estamos in gravis problemas
Marilyn isn't just dealing with
uncertainty at home she's also helping
other Salvadorans at the immigration law
office where she works
I came to Cameron law to interpret for
one of my family members who needed an
immigration attorney I was offered a job
in the spot
I like immigration law I know a lot of
the stuff they've gone through because
I've gone through it personally they've
been flooded with calls since the TPS
announcement where right now there are
more questions than answers look at the
rules pretty soon it's really tough
because I have the same questions they
have basically and I can't confirm the
answers to them you know for now I just
have to tell you honestly that you don't
have any clear path to residence but I'm
gonna tell you you've been here too long
to give up you should fight that qualify
for TPS Salvadorans undergo background
checks and pay hundreds of dollars every
18 months but there's no clear way for
them to become citizens whenever I have
these conversations with Americans who
never have to think about immigration
they always tell me well why didn't they
put in their papers earlier why haven't
they paid the fines or done whatever
they have to do why did they do it the
way that my great-grandparents did it
and that way doesn't exist anymore if
there were anything that people like
Marilyn and her family could do they
would do it el Presidente a Padre tiene
hijos no se como Ella cocido con sus
hijos pero yo may consider una madre
responsible no
masu tango job Bente I noticed Erica no
casita Yuna discoteca a dorama cygwin
casa siempre pasado cosa nan de mi casa
para ellos llaman e 0y Keaton an ECU a
guitar made me vida I will be staying
here by myself
taking care of the home the house is the
big investment we had the only thing
that's bigger than that investment would
be me going to college knowing that my
family might be gone I kind of don't
even want to go to college it scares me
because my parents have been here half
their life and we've never lived over
there either so we don't know the
dangers over there are you afraid to go
back yes
we don't have anywhere to go to you know
there is the chance that I'll come home
and either my siblings or my parents
could be shot dead because it just isn't
safe and the whole time I've been in the
u.s. you know I've I've never had to
feel that fear Congress is considering a
plan to allow at least some families
like Marilyn's to stay in the US but
when President Trump heard the proposal
he reportedly asked why the u.s. accepts
immigrants from shithole countries now
it's unclear if Trump would approve any
TPS fix
I've been hearing about Congress doing
something like this since I was like in
second grade I feel like it would be a
tremendous victory for all of us because
it shows that we are in a way valued
here and doing things right did pay off
after all
