American YouTube star Chrissy chambers
has made legal history in the UK she's
the first victim of revenge porn ever to
win civil damages in a public settlement
which was announced today debri victim
of this horrific kind of attack I am
here to say you can fight back and you
can win you will heal and move on and
you will not have to take those steps
alone chambers spoke exclusively to vice
news about what her case means hey are
we ready I'm ready you ready yes you're
gonna help me through this yes you got
it my whole life
Chrissy chambers lives her life online
she and her girlfriend RIA cam are
youtubers who create some of the site's
most popular lesbian content the
channels have close to a million
subscribers thank you for being such an
incredible partner and believer in me I
couldn't have gotten to this point
without you but before she came out
Chrissy had a British boyfriend she met
online when she was 18 he was much older
talk me through exactly what happened to
you I fell in love with him was my first
time being in love first time being in a
serious relationship came to be that he
was very jealous and very controlling of
me and very controlling of our
relationship they dated for nine months
before Chrissy decided to end the
relationship
on the day she broke up with him Chrissy
says he suggested a night of drinking
I never been drunk before never really
even drank alcohol I got blacked out
intoxicated was alcohol that he had
given me and then woke up the next day
and he told me he loved me tearfully and
went back to the UK and that was that
two years later
Chrissy realized she was attracted to
women and met Bria together they started
their YouTube channel this was one month
after we made our first video we went to
the Democratic convention but basically
every street corner that we found a
proton
we went and made out right it was a
silent protest but just as it started
taking off in June 2013 Chrissie got an
email that changed their lives
somebody alerted us that someone was
spreading all of these links on our
channel and to our fans and saying
Chrissy's a select Kristi's a bad role
model Chris is a horrible person look at
this she's a porn star and I did a
Google search like Christie chamber sex
tape and obviously never thought I would
have to search that and then suddenly
clicked a link and saw you know my worst
nightmare become a reality it was it was
me on the last night together Chrissy's
ex made seven videos of himself having
sex with her
years later he uploaded them to a porn
site under Chrissy's full name the
videos eventually ended up on more than
35 different porn sites what impact had
these videos that he'd put online what
impact have they had on you you know I
have PTSD and I have night terrors still
to this day where you know I dream that
he's trying to rape or kill me or
somebody else is trying to rape or kill
me like incredibly violent things and
those those things have not gone away
it's had a huge impact on Bria and
Chrissy as a couple the more people that
saw our content the more likelihood that
people would find these videos and and
see my girlfriend in such a vulnerable
way and so for us I just wanted to call
up in a hole and not exist
I knew that brands weren't gonna want to
work with us we weren't advertiser
friendly and you know it's not like we
were about to be the next stars of
Disney so it was yeah it was
heartbreaking the videos were shot in
Georgia where revenge porn has been
criminalized since 2014 but since they
were uploaded in England they fall under
English laws Bria and Chrissy contacted
dozens of lawyers on both sides of the
Atlantic no one said they could help
eventually MacAlister olive arias an
American firm based in the UK agreed to
take on the case in April 2015 it became
a criminal offence in England to post
private sexual images online without
consent
we are headed to the police station to
go to the police and tell my stories so
that hopefully they came again criminal
proceedings against my ex but the videos
of Christie were uploaded before the law
was passed the police in the UK told her
they couldn't bring any criminal charges
against her ex civil damages were the
only way she could try to seek justice
so she sued him for breach of confidence
and misuse of private information
nothing compares to how brave this girl
is right here I'm so overjoyed at those
two women that they fought had they
really had the integrity to fight they
set a new standard they've made
essentially new law Chrissie's lawyer
and olive arias has made legal history
before she was part of the team that
coined the term date rape and succeeded
in getting sexual harassment defined as
an illegal offence for the first time in
the US how difficult has it been to get
Chrissie chambers justice it has been
certainly a struggle because the culture
is and one level might say what a
terrible thing has happened to her but
nobody feels a lot of sadness for the
girls who get caught in her situation
people tend to blame its victim blaming
it's somehow she must have been stupid
or and law doesn't give us a lot of
tools but there are some laws that have
been on the books for some time then we
were able to adjust and use in this case
and as you know we were able to get a
full apology and an admission of
liability which is rare but we were able
to do that
for anyone who has been living in fear
of revenge porn being used against you
there has never been a better time to
come forward you can find support and
you can achieve justice thank you the
terms of the settlement mean we can't
name Chrissy's ex or disclose the sum
she's getting from him her lawyers say
it's substantial but far less than she
get if she were taking legal action in
the US are several victims have one over
a million dollars in compensation when
she first went public with her story two
years ago more people than ever started
searching for the videos they haven't
gone away as recently as ten days ago
somebody was sending us clips and saying
I want to hire you for a performance
like that kind of twisted venom and
weaponry being used is something I know
will follow me for the rest of my life
so how does it feel even though you've
won even though you've been fighting
this for four years to be reminded even
now that these videos are potentially
still out there
obviously I'm so happy to won and to be
able to put this chapter to rest in my
life but having these videos still be
sent having them still come up just goes
to show that you know this is a battle
that will never be over
you
