tonight America's grossest governor he
can't be trusted
Trump's warning to workplaces and former
EPA employees swap stories
special counsel Robert Muller has
subpoenaed Steve Bannon to testify in
front of a grand jury as part of the
Russia investigation according to the
New York Times the report claims it's
the first time Muller is known to have
used a grand jury subpoena to get
information from someone in Trump's
inner circle
The Times report came on a day when
Bannon was already testifying in a
closed-door session with the House
Intelligence Committee but once in front
of lawmakers the former Trump strategist
reportedly refused to answer questions
about his time in the White House and
the committee's chair representative
Devin Nunez told POLITICO that he has
now authorized a subpoena for Bannon
Oliver Ivanovitch a prominent Kosovo
syrup politician was killed this morning
in the ethnically split city of Mitra
visa no one's been arrested yet in the
shooting which took place outside
ivanova chest party headquarters the 64
year old moderate was involved in
negotiations with NATO and the EU after
the Kosovo war in the 19th in 2016
Ivanovich was convicted of war crimes
against ethnic Albanians but the verdict
was overturned he maintained his
innocence and was facing a retrial
Serbia doesn't recognize Kosovo's
independence and talks to normalize ties
between them were supposed to start
today in Brussels but Serbia has now
suspended those meetings
the Venezuelan government confirmed
today that the activists and actor who
launched an attack from a stolen
helicopter last year has been killed in
a police operation in a series of videos
posted online during the raid
Oscar Perez said he believed the
authorities were trying to kill him
even though he offered to surrender the
government said Perez and six other
quote terrorists were killed as well as
two law enforcement officers police had
been searching for Perez since last June
when he fired shots and threw grenades
at the supreme court and what he called
a rebellion against President Nicolas
Maduro Chinese officials say a huge oil
spill in the East China Sea is spreading
quickly and threatening marine life On
January 6th
an Iranian tanker carrying a hundred and
thirty six thousand tons about 1 million
barrels of highly flammable ultralight
crude oil crashed into a freighter of
the 32 people on board only three bodies
have been found so far the tanker burned
for more than a week until a huge
explosion on Sunday when it sank
multiple oil slicks have coated more
than 50 square kilometers of open water
president Trump's military physician
says he's in excellent health
Navy Rear Admiral dr. Ronnie Jackson
said that while he didn't have any
concerns about Trump's mental health the
president asked for a cognitive test
anyway he passed with a perfect score I
found no reason whatsoever to think that
the president has any issues whatsoever
with this thought process Trump's
request for the cognitive exam came
after swedux raised concerns about his
mental fitness for office
dr. Jackson did say that the president
doesn't get enough exercise and relieved
that Trump would like to lose 10 to 15
pounds at 6 foot 3 in 239 pounds Trump
is considered overweight under CDC
guidelines
there were lots of ways for politicians
to distinguish themselves in 2017 but
none more competitive than in the
commission of gross sexual acts
it was a year with literally too many
offenders to decide who behaved worst
and 2018 already has an early favorite
married Missouri governor Eric Greitens
whose alleged to have tied up his
mistress and photographed her naked to
blackmail her from speaking about their
affair at the Capitol today there were
growing calls for great uns to step down
but the governor himself was nowhere to
be found as Alison McCann discovered
Greitens has plenty of good reasons to
hide from voters but this scandal barely
makes the list in November 2016 almost a
million and a half Missourians voted for
air crichton's as their governor but
good luck finding most of them today
Greitens had no political experience but
he looked like the perfect political
package Navy SEAL Rhodes Scholar
humanitarian and a happily married
father of two but as we toured the state
nobody seems surprised to find their
cookie cutter governor wrapped up in a
revenge porn blackmail scandal in fact
our great uns might be the most hated
person in Missouri here's why
if you were to like form a right-wing
politician like put him in like a
theater program that spit something out
of be him
reason number one why Missourians hate
crichton's they think he's full of
he seems like a political opportunist
first and foremost we will kind of go
with whatever the like mainline
Republicans want to go with gratins like
most Republicans talks a lot about local
control but when Republican legislators
wanted to rollback the minimum wage in
st. Louis Greitens went along the city
raised the minimum wage to $10 per hour
only to have the state roll it back to
770 it was killing jobs and despite what
liberals would tell you it was actually
taking money out of people's pockets I
can't think of more local control than
like a city passing an ordinance that
they believe is better for the city as a
whole and then the state coming in and
saying well you can't do that
that seems like very hypocritical I
think we always knew that there was
something wrong with this candidate that
a person who just four years prior had
been seen in the Democratic National
Convention supporting President Obama
who on his Herschel's about his race
were shooting machine guns and blowing
things up I'm a Navy SEAL and I'll take
dead aim at politics as usual doing the
song and dance
he wants to be President of the United
States and to kind of prove that he had
the conservative credentials to run that
cleaner race
reason number two his war on women which
included more abortion restrictions you
know the politicians should have done
their job but they failed to act so I
did I canceled their vacations and I
brought them back for a pro-life special
session and I'm convinced that we're
gonna get the job done these kinds of
restrictions aren't new in Missouri but
great uns went even further he signed
into law a 72 hour waiting period that
requires the same doctor deliver
counseling and perform the abortion for
many the new allegations about an affair
and alleged blackmail are another sign
of greatness hostility toward women I
don't know how many deviants were
supposed to accept into our offices
exactly if you don't mind let's start
with the Pledge of Allegiance at a
prayer breakfast on Martin Luther King
jr. Day the president of the Missouri
n-double a-c-p told us about reason
number three Senate bill 43 what it
really did what is it changing nature of
civil rights in the state of Missouri
somebody that's been harassed or
discriminated against they can't sue the
person that did it
it's a complete lack of accountability
in my mind it's a Kenda Jim Crow why did
it become lost this is a business bill
it's gonna help people or help companies
not have to face these high Burdick's or
high settlements there was a lot of
money behind this bill that's that's the
bottom line
after Gretchen signed Senate bill 43 the
n-double-a-cp issued an actual travel
advisory warning African Americans about
Missouri setting the new law and other
race-based incidents
be here so let's come to God in prayer
let's pray number 4 members of the
legislature say Greitens lone wolf style
is impossible to work with what was his
first year in office like tumultuous is
probably the best word that I have for
it he wants to treat the members of this
General Assembly as children and we're
not we all have to work together if we
want to get things done and the governor
seems to believe that he doesn't have to
participate in that process one of the
clearest instances of when you see his
zero political experience come through
one of the very first bills out when he
chastised members of his own party who
weren't voting in a way that he wanted
to and he did that by using dark money
to issue social media ads that included
the personal cell phone number of a
sitting Republican senator that cell
phone belonged to Missouri senator Rob
shop my cell phone got full and I wasn't
able to get any messages from anybody
because within a minute or two my
voicemail would be full again he was
trying to intimidate me over my pushing
for disclosure of dark money and that
gets us to reason number five secrecy
shop spent 2017 criticizing Greitens
lack of transparency and anonymous
donors despite campaigning for him the
year before I thought that he you know
was great he was saying all the right
things that I wanted to hear he wanted
to clean up the swamp you know stop the
corruption I will expose your lives root
out your corruption and attack politics
as usual at every turn turns out great
ins was not the guy shop or anyone else
thought he was I mean is a big bait and
switch for people outside of Missouri
that have no idea who air cratons is
what is one thing you would want them to
he can't be trusted Attorney General
Jeff Sessions issued a memo on January
4th telling federal prosecutors that
they're free to go after marijuana
related crimes even in states that have
legalized weed the memo reversed an
Obama policy that tried to alleviate the
conflict between federal laws and
state-level initiatives but members of
Congress are now moving to defend those
initiatives and the people speaking up
aren't just Democrats jeff sessions is a
law-and-order republican with views from
a bygone era so even though there's some
bipartisanship on sentencing reform for
example sessions wants no part of it
last year he reversed the previous
administration's move to chip away at
mandatory minimum sentences for drug
offenders same thing with legalizing
weed sessions thinks it's a dangerous
drug and he doesn't care what the states
have to say about it
not every lawmaker in Congress agrees
including many in sessions own party a
bipartisan group of 69 lawmakers have
signed on to an amendment written by
Democrat Jared Paulus and Republican Tom
McClintock that would prevent the
Justice Department from spending money
to enforce federal cannabis laws in
states where recreational pot use is
legal Republicans aren't on board with
this because they're all pro weed but
rather because a crackdown runs counter
to conservatives belief in federalism
that the federal government shouldn't
trample on states rights this new weed
amendment follows a precedent lawmakers
already passed one in 2014 preventing
the Justice Department from spending any
money to crack down on state medical
marijuana laws is adopted
but there's an even easier fix than this
a Congressional vote to legalize weed
and even though Republicans are eager to
criticize sessions move they stop just
short of that I talked to Virginia
Republican representative Tom Garrett
who's introduced a bill that would
federally decriminalize marijuana how
does it feel to be a Republican with an
attorney general it doesn't reflect your
views on things as fundamentalist states
rights well I'm not sure he does it when
he said early on that he didn't like the
paradigm as a related federal cannabis
policy he actually said and I quote
verbatim if you don't like the laws
change them and we said okay we'll hold
my beer so what are the odds of
legalization this year the odds are
better than they were two weeks ago
we don't carry bills for symbolic
purposes we carry bills that we'd like
to try to pass it sounds like it's still
ways off I believe genuinely that you
get this to the floor and it passes the
problem is the gatekeepers in the form
of subcommittee chairs and committee
chairs with respect to the McClintock
and policy amendment is there a higher
likelihood of that I think it's gonna
happen there is I mean but again what's
holding us up is people who are afraid
of the political tides why are we
strategizing to try to show people what
we want them to see just be who you are
tell people what you believe and do what
you think is right and this is the right
thing and you know look I got three kids
I don't want them smoking lots of weed
but I don't want to live in a world
where in one state they do something and
go to federal prison and in another
state they do it and and and the federal
government chooses not to enforce its
own laws it's that's ridiculous
last week federal agents swept across
nearly a hundred 7-eleven stores
throughout the country a striking
display of the administration's new
approach to immigration enforcement
authorities notified store owners that
they'd be subject to audits on whether
they employ undocumented workers and
gave them three business days to gather
their records today protesters gathered
at this 7-eleven in LA's Koreatown where
immigration officials are due to come
back it was legal to hire undocumented
workers in the u.s. until 1986 when an
immigration reform bill signed by Ronald
Reagan tried to eliminate the incentive
to migrate here illegally by cracking
down on employers since then those laws
have been enforced unevenly
George W Bush ordered massive
high-profile raids arresting several
hundred immigrants from a single factory
in a single day President Obama took a
quieter approach auditing employers from
a distance in finding them sometimes in
the millions of dollars these operations
at 7-eleven stores across the country
mark the beginning of Trump era worksite
enforcement last October
Thomas Holman the director of ice warned
that something like this would be coming
I actually looked just recently looked
at how much time what percentage of time
is spent by homeland security
investigation worksite enforcement I
just gave any structure I want to
increase that by four to five times with
the currently doing so we're taking
worksite enforcement very hard this year
but this isn't going back to the flashy
raids of the Bush era because so far the
returns are quite small
even though agents visited ninety-eight
stores simultaneously something that
requires a lot of resources and
coordination the only arrested 21 worker
in fact the visits to 7-eleven stores
last week weren't really even raised
agents were basically just serving
papers that's not so different from what
Obama used to do except that by sending
agents to multiple stores at the same
time it was designed to draw attention
and that's what gives this particular
operation the Trump hallmark it's not so
much about effectiveness as it is about
making noise that might also help answer
in other questions
why 7/11 too many in the immigrant
rights community the choice didn't seem
like a coincidence people are wondering
why the 7/11 case is not the only
example this why is going after kind of
small business owners who themselves are
often immigrants of color I don't think
it was lost on anyone but 7-eleven
franchises are associated with the
foundation immigrant community
we asked 7-eleven for comment they said
franchisees are independent business
owners solely responsible for hiring
decisions we also spoke to the owners of
two stores under investigation but
7-eleven instructed them not to talk to
the media in the next few weeks we'll
find out how much the authorities
actually accomplished by targeting
7-eleven if they find widespread
systematic hiring of undocumented
immigrants there may be big fines or
even criminal charges coming but even if
they don't they've already achieved one
thing which is the same thing Trump has
been achieving since the day he took
office
frightening immigrants
in the 11 months since Scott Pruett was
sworn in as administrator of the
Environmental Protection Agency vice
news has submitted 10 interview requests
and/or 0 for 10 so to evaluate just how
the EPA has been doing and Trump them
through its first year we gathered
around a campfire with four employees
who left the agency in 2017 and one EPA
union rep to find out what's really
going on inside so your union represents
EPA employees yes how many EPA employees
well it was easy to say a while ago that
that our total bargaining unit size was
about 9,000 I'm not sure what's left
over the past year more than 700 EPA
employees have quit their jobs or taken
retirement buyouts according to Steve
who worked at the EPA for 15 years
that's unprecedented in the early days
of the Trump administration what changed
you know in your day to day lives and in
your work immediately there was this
cone of secrecy dropped over the
political team no one would speak to us
at all so essentially EPA career
staffers were being nordicist that we've
experienced the political pendulum it
just kept you know swinging stronger and
stronger it in my view it turned into a
wrecking ball how did you feel on your
last day when you finally left I was
invited to go to this wonderful
retirement party when all of a sudden
this guy from the security team came
around and tapped three of my colleagues
on his shoulder had said hey guys you
got to go get drug tested today prior
that very very rarely happened unless
they had a great deal of suspicion about
an individual given that this doesn't
happen a lot before what is your
impression of the fact that this is now
being done it's breaking down the trust
between the employees the career people
in the politicos
I don't sure that the people now have a
comfort level to push back on management
and saying you know no I don't think
it's acceptable that we're not having a
tour of the mine site no I don't think
it's acceptable that we're not putting
out a fact sheet in fact I found out
that one of my major rules was going to
be repealed by seeing a draft press
release and we were stunned so that's
the level of secrecy and what was it was
the coal-fired power plant rule that for
the first time was gonna require
coal-fired power plants to treat their
toxic waste streams through it has set
the EPA up as a spoils system for
industry and agribusiness who were his
past political donors and I'm sure he
plans them to be his future political
donors he has over 13 rules under repeal
right now throughout the whole agency so
there's nothing wrong with talking with
business and industry all of us see the
value in having conversations with all
the different stakeholders that are out
there
but at the end of the day it's everyday
people whose lives can be shortened by
the decisions that are being made or can
be enhanced when we do the right things
the big difference now is we're not
solving people's problems anymore what
was the last straw the thing that made
you go okay this is my time I have to
take off I'm about six or seven years
early for retirement but for me the
decision that I made in my mind was I
can't work for this agency any longer
because I just don't feel good about
what I'm doing
the frustration at all levels of the
agency has created an attitude of you
know I'm sick and tired of fighting I'm
sick and tired of having to fight to do
the job that I was hired to do just let
me do my job there were a couple of
reasons why I left I thought about all
the people I had met over 20 plus years
who had gotten sick in many communities
and the folks that I had watched who
lost their lives
and I knew that I couldn't be a part of
any actions that was going to make that
happen again
why should people care about this why
should people care about the EPA and the
fact that people folks like you have
left why should anybody care because we
are the safety net if there's a big
spill in the river outside of Charleston
West Virginia and it gets into the
drinking water system who's gonna get
the science who's gonna grab the studies
that tell you how bad that is and how to
get that out of the drinking water
system EPA folks should value the EPA
because of places like flint in East
Chicago and when we don't have a strong
Environmental Protection Agency in place
and you don't have the checks that need
to be in place there you don't have
folks enforcing you don't have folks
helping folks to understand how to
remediate and how to make change happen
now it seems like the new world order is
what makes me rich first my donors
second my party third profits first
people last people last sometimes oh
it's fun just to make them nervous so I
will go back and walk across campus are
you gonna kick out of that I do I do now
yeah I definitely do I definitely do
because I think it's like when they shut
down information when they stop folks
for being able to access information you
won't be afraid unless you have
something to hide would anybody like to
rest yeah
what do you think Scott Pruett would
think of this right now more carbon is
better
I love puppies this is not a song
that I would sit and like just like
listen to personally I might not be its
target audience but I love something
that I go what's that you know I think
that it's cool when people from
different genres do collaborations go on
the edge of your thing both of them as
opposed to try and meet in some kind of
a middle
cool it's definitely got like a swagger
mood and it's kind of like yeah I don't
give a about anything like it's
jumping right into Lake numerology like
why seven sticks of dynamite you know
it's got explosions and numbers you got
me hooked I want to know what's the
story
lyrically it's psychedelic it's kind of
otherworldly so it also does that kind
of trance as you out and you end up
wanting to think of the bigger things it
kind of ends up being like a part song
part guided meditation because then you
just go on this trip or the other realm
a little bit it's not something that I
feel I know I feel like if that's a
person who's been doing that from back
then then it's legit and I feel like if
it was like somebody who just started
doing that then that would be like a
historical reenactment who is this Rick
Springfield who's Rick Springfield I'm
gonna definitely check him out
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
January 16
you
