I'm a Navy SEAL and I'll take dead aim
at politics as usual in November 2016
almost a million and a half Missourians
voted for Eric Greitens as their
governor but good luck finding most of
them today Greitens had no political
experience but he looks like the perfect
political package Navy SEAL Rhodes
Scholar humanitarian and a happily
married father of two but as we toured
the state nobody seems surprised to find
their cookie cutter governor wrapped up
in a revenge porn blackmail scandal in
fact Eric Greitens might be the most
hated person in Missouri here's why if
you were to like form a right-wing
politician like put him in like a
theater program and spit something out
of being him reason number one why
Missourians hate kryten's they think
he's full of he seems like a
political opportunist first and foremost
we will kind of go with whatever like
mainline Republicans want to go with
great uns like most Republicans talks a
lot about local control but when
Republican legislators wanted to roll
back the minimum wage in st. Louis
Greitens went along the city raised the
minimum wage to $10 per hour only to
have the state roll it back to 770 it
was killing jobs and despite what
liberals would tell you it was actually
taking money out of people's pockets I
can't think of more local control than
like a city passing an ordinance that
they believe is better for the city as a
whole and then the state coming in and
saying well you can't do that that seems
like very hypocritical
I think we always knew that there was
something wrong with this candidate that
a person who just four years prior had
been seen in the Democratic National
Convention supporting President Obama
who on his partials about his race were
shooting machine guns and blowing things
I'm a Navy SEAL and I'll take dead aim
at politics is usually doing a song and
dance he wants to be President of the
United States and to kind of prove that
he had the conservative credentials to
run that kind of race reason number two
his war on women which included more
abortion restrictions you know the
politicians should have done their job
but they failed to act so I did I
canceled their vacations and I brought
them back for a pro-life special session
and I'm convinced that we're gonna get
the job done these kinds of restrictions
aren't new in Missouri but great uns
went even further he signed into law a
72 hour waiting period that requires the
same doctor deliver counseling and
perform the abortion for many the new
allegations about an affair and alleged
blackmail are another sign of greatness
hostility toward women I don't know how
many deviants were supposed to accept
into our offices exactly if you don't
mind let's start with the Pledge of
Allegiance at a prayer breakfast on
Martin Luther King jr. Day
the president of the Missouri
n-double-a-cp told us about reason
number three Senate bill 43 what it
really did what is it changing nature of
civil rights in the state of Missouri
somebody that's been harass or
discriminated against they can't sue the
person that did it that's a complete
lack of accountability
in my mind it's a Kenda Jim Crow why did
it become pop this is a business bill
it's gonna help people or help companies
not have to face these high Burdick's or
high settlements there was a lot of
money behind this bill that's that's the
bottom line
after Gretchen signed Senate bill 43 the
n-double-a-cp issued an actual travel
advisory warning african-americans about
Missouri setting the new law and other
race-based incidents number four members
of the legislature say Greitens lone
wolf style is impossible to work with
what was his first year in office like
tumultuous is probably the best word
that I have for it he wants to treat the
members of the General Assembly as
children and we're not we all have to
work together if we want to get things
done and the governor seems to believe
that he doesn't have to participate in
that process one of the clearest
instances of when you see his zero
political experience come through one of
the very first bills out when he
chastised members of his own party who
weren't voting in a way that he wanted
to and he did that by using dark money
to issue social media ads that included
the personal cell phone number of a
sitting Republican senator that cell
phone belonged to Missouri senator Rob
Shaw my cell phone got full and I wasn't
able to get any messages from anybody
because within a minute or two my
voicemail would be full again he was
trying to intimidate me over my pushing
for disclosure of dark money and that
gets us to reason number five secrecy
shaf spent 2017 criticizing Greitens
lack of transparency and anonymous
donors despite campaigning for him the
year before I thought that he you know
was great he was saying all the right
things that I wanted to hear he wanted
to clean up the swamp you know
the corruption I will expose your lives
root out your corruption and attack
politics as usual at every turn turns
out great uns was not the guy shop or
anyone else thought he was I mean is a
big bait and switch for people outside
of Missouri that have no idea who air
crichton's is what is one thing you
would want them to know about him he
can't be trusted
you
you
