Uganda has the 10th highest prevalence
of HIV in the world with a hundred and
fifty-one new infections each day even
so the country has made significant
progress fighting the disease the annual
number of AIDS related deaths have
dropped from about 90 2000 in 2004 to
28,000 in 2016 and last year
Uganda made a bold commitment to end
AIDS by 2030 the first pledge of its
kind for any country in Africa or the
world but now that goal may be out of
reach because of cuts in funding from
its biggest donor of health aid the
United States like the three Republican
presidents before him President Trump
reinstated the Global gag rule it
requires foreign NGOs to agree not to
quote perform or actively promote
abortion in order to get US support for
family planning services but Trump's
version goes a step further to say that
groups who don't comply will also lose
support for nearly all global health
programs including those for HIV and
AIDS
in my mind
why do you do this kind of work I have a
family to take care of you now have no
any other job that's Haven gates how
much money can you make an LA it's not
constant you can make 2013 during
weekends you can even make 40 or 50 so
anywhere from like six to twelve dollars
yeah sex work in Uganda is illegal but
single mother Monica Madeira feels this
is the only way she can support her two
kids what's this this is the room when I
come direct from home I can break this
Oh cause I don't want to show my
neighbors that kind of work I do so I
come with my changing clothes in the
back after changing I worked at the hot
spot he has started looking for clients
how many nights a week are you working I
want every day are you able to get
access to condoms now some time back
I've been able to buy these days it's a
big program we're having and so are you
having unprotected sex well we tried our
level best so that we find good course
unprotected sex is not safe HIV and put
I'm negative but I do have a seat ice
age getting that lip feels knowledge
really easy are you concerned that
you're spreading your sti's to your
clients without condoms they may find
good seat yeah so that's why I primarily
based see that I can I get condoms when
did you notice that you couldn't get
access to condoms anymore something like
five month back yeah to get condoms
Monica relies on an organization called
reproductive health Uganda they're part
of the International Planned Parenthood
Federation who refused to sign the
Global gag rule as a result over the
next four years they estimate they'll
lose a hundred million dollars in global
funding and distribute seventy million
fewer condoms dr. Peter a Bembe is the
director of programs for our hu what are
the effects of this policy being put
into place it's affecting the work we do
we work with vulnerable communities who
are women people who don't have access
to sexual reproductive health and rates
services cutting the funding of course
immediately has a dramatic effect in
that very many of the people who would
otherwise this up with like family
planning services other services to the
young people or even hiv/aids rated
services are suffering it's not easy to
quantify the extent of the damage
these cutbacks are already having
serious consequences especially for sex
workers who face a high risk of
contracting the virus in fact it's
estimated that one in three female sex
workers in Kampala is hiv-positive
how did you contract HIV 31-yard what
are you concerned that you're spreading
your HIV to your clients
I am assertive yoga finally permanently
emirati Mubarak tiburtina gyeonggido
walk we noticed just not worth Fernando
Gago move on G - economist in Abuja Gaza
Maha Shivratri a member of society
are there many other women who are going
through the same thing you guys are all
the 6-2 our class bunny in Ghazi getting
HIV services to these women including
counseling prevention and treatment is
key to halting the spread of the disease
and eventually ending the epidemic have
you noticed this US policy and the loss
of funding affect this community when
opening gala van Hengel by not to know
catchy name banana bamboozle yoga name
burgundy sexual calm living on bottom
over sexualized aquahama zones
overlapping it's difficult to pinpoint
exactly why sex workers have trouble
accessing HIV treatment they face
discrimination from health providers and
drug supply chains are chronically
inconsistent now these new cuts in aid
are adding extra confusion to an already
stress system but Salinas to you until
Iran to the Ranji navara Devon Geneva
sex workers Rhonda China memo at the
Verrazano Cotulla
again up on our gear now call a medium
noggin a year to London what she do
you
