frozen lake so we are gonna go out here
and look for some pockets of methane gas
trapped in the lake ice KT water
Anthony is researcher with the
University of Alaska in Fairbanks she
wanted to show us a phenomenon that
could have dramatic repercussions for
our changing climate
methane is here because the permafrost
is thawing and when it thaws there are
microbes in the bottom of the lake that
eat the carbon that was in the
permafrost and they make methane gas one
molecule of methane is 20 is like 25
molecules of carbon dioxide so it's a
really strong greenhouse gas and methane
is contributing to climate warming and
making the warm that's already happening
worse so get down low okay and as soon
as I put this in as soon as I
breakthrough gas will rush out and you
want to basically get it right down okay
that burned me yep are you okay yeah
fine
you got all your Herron beer today
whoo this is a fairly recent discovery
yeah there's two times as much carbon in
the frozen ground as there is in the
atmosphere
a large part of that carbon can be
released and and add more carbon dioxide
than methane to the atmosphere making
climate warming even worse than we
expect
if you break through don't pull your
spear out right away leave it in there
until I get my torch okay that was
pretty good so there are millions of
Lakes like this now I know probably
gonna be millions more that's right and
they're not to just in the future so all
you can do is is keep it on the ground
there's nothing else you can do to
mitigate this if we can slow down
climate warming it will slow down
permafrost thaw which will cause less of
a temperature increase if we speed up
climate warming and permafrost flash
thaws that will have a huge pulse of
greenhouse gases especially methane
going into the atmosphere that will
cause a really abrupt warming there's
more carbon locked in the permafrost and
humans have released into the atmosphere
since the beginning of the Industrial
Age and has already started to thaw to
understand just how profound the impact
could be we went to NASA's Jet
Propulsion lab where dr. Charles Miller
showed us some dire projections just
from thaw induced carbon release the
amount of temperature change could be as
high as a full degree or more then when
you couple that in to the fully coupled
climate models it's projecting out
somewhere in the neighborhood of four to
five degrees C temperature change other
models that I've seen definitely show 8
to 10 degree changes in the Arctic by
the 2100 timeframe what would the planet
look like with temperature rises FAO 9
degrees 8 degrees 10 degrees type of
temperature change may well take us into
a tropical type of Earth even in the
mid-to-upper latitudes so it's something
dramatically different that none of us
have ever experienced so really the
entire world ought to be focused on
keeping this carbon within the ground
there that would be something that would
be admirable but I think we're already
on a path to releasing a significant
fraction of this carbon because of its
size and location one country where
permafrost thaw is a major problem is
and because nearly 70% of the country's
land mass is permafrost Russian
scientists are also at the forefront of
the search for solutions we went to
Siberia when the effects of a foreign
permafrost are plain to see our main
highway in the past on this uh big truck
drive is big spit census roads the very
is not used anymore now no it's
impossible
next year cessarich will disappear
behind us this round 60 meter of ice
this big depression appeared because
this ice melted and now lake located
this depression as like a new and your
lifetime yes
Sergey Zimmer has been studying the
Arctic landscape for over 30 years he's
seen firsthand how permafrost is storing
under a changing climate
the basement of the Roofus Zimmy fan his
team have done a series of tunnels to
study power frost a vast frozen layer of
soil ice and organic matter that covers
24 percent of the northern hemisphere
and can extend the depths of 5,000 feet
so look at this this is pretty much just
pure ice almost but it's it's powerful
I'm not even that deep underground where
I don't know 10 feet underground and
from above you'd never guess it was this
cold
you can see here this lot of living
microbes fringe origins this permafrost
there was ice wedges this part of us
which is lucious ice but when this
permafrost melt ice convert to the water
what a go away
and surface drop this erosion appears
just last year it is all personally does
everything everywhere Isis powerful
volume therefore 455 feet of permafrost
after multiple of Isis will be 20 to
meet unless they understand 20 per meter
to illustrate this researchers took us
to one the most stunning examples of
permafrost thaw in the world doctors
need to achieve a core Abner does
fastest that buster they taking us to
see what they call a slump which is when
the permafrost in the ice thaw or melted
so much that the ground is collapsed
locals call it a gateway to the
underworld but over half a mile wide and
300 feet deep this crater is the largest
of its kind caused by permafrost thaw
oh yeah
this is solid ice just like you can see
on that huge war it's already walked
down into the slump we end up facing
almost kilometre wide war
and almost sounds like it's alive
because everywhere I don't bit
splintering breaking and falling down
but even that that stream that running
water that's that's water just water
coming from from the melting ice and the
thawing permafrost
but the exposed power frost continues to
thought the crater keeps getting bigger
expanding 60 feet every year do you
think this is a warning sign do you
think you could see many more of these
in the not-too-distant future if the
decision to virginia she attempts to him
and Masetto romania release him Emma the
key risk is begin you see if you imagine
saying this what would happen if if in a
piece of land that had a town on top of
it what to go like this on the Museum so
we keep a gym Sam I go may I pass this
tomb school the key protesters tell me
easier delicious there's a huge crack
behind us this makes me nervous this is
this feels very precarious it's about to
go yeah there's more and more permafrost
thaws and the ground falls away carbon
that was frozen in the permafrost is
released into the atmosphere on a mass
scale this process can accelerate
climate change the solution is urgently
needed if we don't do this
what is the price we will pay when all
of these gases are illegal date maybe
not you but no chance for your
grandchildren but Sergei Zim off as a
plan to keep the ground frozen he took
us along the kolyma river to a site that
might just prove we can break the cycle
Zim off is gathering animals here
animals that will transform the
landscape from forest back into
grassland which he says is much better
preserving the permafrost before people
occupied our planet densest your forests
in our planet was 10 timeless because
everywhere was millions millions animals
and animals did control for vegetation
what does that do to the permafrost in
the place with no animal soil might be
minus 50 in place where is grazing soil
- 35 therefore in the winter so
please much much deeper and just how the
animal was grazing here is enough you
know that difference in temperature yes
because this is a system have a huge
army of big soldiers this fight is any
traps any trees this bison is best hope
you to kill trees and shrubs the animals
trample the vegetation which leaves the
ground more exposed to the cold keeping
the permafrost frozen Plus while forest
is dark grass is light and the light of
the surface the more heat from the Sun
is reflected back to space simple as
year
I not build something new I only
combines the pieces which was one
organizing just take it back to what it
was to prove his theory zoom off and his
team are rounding up animals from across
Siberia to populate his part portage
while the reindeer helped in order to
fully restore his land to its
prehistoric state it will take some
prehistoric wildlife you've shown us
some of the animals that live brought
back and has also been talking about
bringing back the woolly mammoth without
any funds by sheikah system can equate
maybe only in 60% of territory Siberia
his marmosets will be 95% of Delta so
really you need a mammoth or something
like it for it to be complete yes
this might sound far-fetched the
scientists at the Institute of applied
ecology are working on this very idea
ironically the solution to this problem
might also have been frozen in
permafrost but Miletus comment Thomas
Capel a nutritionist and a doe and gee
how all this is Russell ocean fish was
him shortly
28,000 years old you'd still be able to
get DNA samples from this moment
paul giamatti butter Sam useless support
near Te'o he called an Australian
bureaucracy we used to dump him across
NASA this sample could provide genetic
material needed to bring the mammoths
back to the now and take some of all
over the truck to try and find the most
perfectly preserved DNA which could then
potentially be used for a clue
but you think for example in your
lifetime or in the next ten years we
could actually see living breathing
woolly mammoth mr. ferocious have shown
us the new version publish it
which stole a lot of Miletus Carmen Luna
games as the mother died I'll choke a
bratty transfer Matsumoto ponder near
Cape Adobe to boost a food recipe it's
possible to look at like a saga as a
kind of Don Quixote figure but you think
he's he's on something and it could
actually in connection Sergey has
proposed to reintroduce natural perhaps
even Ice Age flora and fauna plants and
animals allowing nature to basically
heal itself that winds up generally
being the fastest and most efficient way
to restore the previous landscape
ecosystems biodiversity and climate his
chance mama's will appear just in a few
years maybe it's real not Mama's maybe
she'll be elephants where people take
piece of genome and put small pieces
from Mama's my responsibility I must
prepare a chef for those elements if the
ancient Arctic ecosystem can be restored
using geoengineering Sergey will have
demonstrated a viable solution to hope
the threat of permafrost food
you
