legal sales of recreational marijuana
started last week in California the
state citizens made that possible when
they voted for proposition 60 for a
measure that's one of the most radical
weed laws in the US that's because it
not only legalizes possession and sale
for people 21 and over it allows them to
retroactively lean and quickly clear
their records of most marijuana related
crimes
Bruce Margolin is a relic of another
time my last day for half a century
Margolin was the defense attorney for
marijuana cases in Los Angeles he came
up in the 60s and 70s representing
fellow hippies caught up in pot busts he
was also a very early advocate for
legalization founding the LA branch of
normal the National Organization for the
Reform of Marijuana Laws in 1973
now that weed is legal in California his
era is coming to an end
how has your business changed well it's
taking a big dump the truth in a lot of
ways because it's not this crude
locations involving marijuana which I'm
very happy to see because I've been down
for the cause all these 50 years instead
of helping people dodge convictions for
marijuana Margolin now spends much of
his time helping them get rid of old
ones under Prop 64 could you estimate
how many people's records you've been
able to either clear or reduce since
products before pablor 50 50 yeah that's
not even close to a drop in the bucket
200,000 people are eligible to reduce or
clear their records in LA alone and the
number in California is close to a
million according to estimates from the
LA County public defender and the drug
policy Alliance most people in
California think of prop 64 as the law
that made it legal to smoke weed but
it's also one of the most sweeping
criminal justice reforms in recent
memory prop 64 changes the law going
forward but it also tries to reverse
some of the damage of the war on drugs
by giving a potential fresh start to
people with criminal convictions those
who successfully clear their records can
answer no when employers ask whether
they've been convicted of a felony they
can also vote again as well as apply for
many loans and licenses across
California people are slowly finding out
they qualify people like Rachel on
Williams in his 29 years rashon has been
intermittently homeless and he's gotten
arrested a few times mostly for weed so
how do you feel about the fact that
you've been in and out of jail your
whole life for something that now is
legal
oh yeah I found it but I'm gonna
exercise my right to smoke now in 2014
on one of the busiest blocks in
Hollywood Rayshawn sold some weed to a
confidential informant after a few weeks
in jail he pleaded to a felony charge
rashon had a prior felony for theft but
he was able to get that reduced to a
misdemeanor
now the marijuana conviction is the only
felony left on his record so what did
that mean for you getting that felony
everything's kinda affecting me because
it's hard for me to get a job so it's
like they put a felony on you and you
probably all right it's not that bad
hurry but the whole time they're not
gonna hire you can I see that F on your
record
but this is more of a hassle once I get
a felony and being black if you get
dental equals nothing sounds like barely
named black zero equals zero you know I
mean it's true that marijuana laws have
been especially destructive to black
communities black and white people use
marijuana at the same rates but before
prop 64 a black person in California was
nearly five times more likely to be
arrested for marijuana felony that means
people of color disproportionately
suffer the long-term consequences of a
criminal record Mick Stewart oten a
deputy public defender in LA County says
Prop 64 is a sign of a deeper shift in
American law enforcement this is a large
step towards California and hope for the
nation recognizing that there is a way
to deal with drug use and drug addiction
and maybe even crime without permanently
stigmatizing the people who are involved
in it now that Prop 64 is law you won't
find many people opposed to its record
clearing provisions police sheriff's and
judges associations raised no objections
when we ask them I don't think there are
very many people
or agencies left that think that
spending time resources and energy
prosecuting people for these marijuana
related offenses is a good use of
California's money some other states
allow people to seal reduce or clear
certain marijuana convictions but
typically they have to wait several
years to apply in California
anyone impacted can apply right away the
challenge is actually making 1 million
people aware of their new rights county
public defenders offices and legal aid
groups have been doing a lot of outreach
including hosting a series of free legal
clinics around the state that's how Rey
Shawn Williams is applying to get rid of
his villains on Saturday he and his
girlfriend Ashley drove over an hour to
a clinic near downtown LA Rey Shawn's
lawyer told them he can reduce his
felony to a misdemeanor before all those
cases were felonies and after 64 they're
all misdemeanors for marijuana once he's
finished probation for an old
shoplifting charge he can get the
misdemeanor dismissed but he will need
to go ahead and just take this and drop
it off at the court how does this change
how could this change your life moving
forward I have to look back over my
shoulder no more like I should be give
me more confidence that they're gonna
call me no I think that the employer is
gonna call me like I better shouldn't be
that I based off my background so now I
could just look for you know 2008 things
be looking good so now I'm just thinking
positive positive vibes only hashtag
you
you
