James Spann has one of the most
recognizable faces in Alabama these are
my future students right here have a
good day now okay okay what about the
weather for the weekend ahead that
forecast had much more coming up in just
a bit so stay with us
that's because he's the weatherman for
ABC 3340 in Birmingham and he's made it
his mission to teach people about the
weather and warn them about potential
hazards with 39 years of broadcast
experience he's become really good at it
one thing we've learned that people
really don't like they don't like it
when you stand in front of their town
now oh I see so you need to make sure
that whatever you're talking about it
you move come over here if you want to
and work this monitor now you made the
wrong turn you never want to turn your
back to the camera okay okay wait let me
do this again so you would move over
this yes yes this is I am paged money to
stand here in front of a green wall when
the weather is life-threatening that's
my core job the main threat back in
Mississippi but despite his love for
educating viewers about science James
draws a line at climate change he won't
talk about it on the air when your
audience maybe tweets at you or ask you
is this climate change what is your
reaction to the state's weather
and if you all know about climate go
talk to a climatologist I do weather I
don't do climate what exactly is your
position on climate change my position
is this the climate is changing the
climate has always changed the climate
always will change the question is what
is man's role so you think humans are
causing climate change there has to be
some antibiotic element to it the
question is how much and and for you
it's not necessarily the majority know
natural variability in my opinion is
still the primary driver and all of a
sudden you become a sinner
it's the unambiguous position of the
American Meteorological Society climate
change is real and humans are
responsible but TV forecasters don't
always agree there's no link
to cl2 and temperatures mussah push it's
one of these books these 3d books you
got to standing on your head and cross
your eyes to look at solar cycles have a
lot more to do with climate change on
this planet then do co2 emission and
global warming the national media
reported on this new study from the sky
is falling or a doomsday point of view
remember these are scientists and for
most viewers the weather person is the
only scientist they interact with on a
regular basis
a survey of around 2000 American
Meteorological Society members released
last year revealed that 38% of
meteorologists aren't convinced that
humans are the main cause of climate
change but that fact still doesn't get
at the larger issue namely whether it's
a TV forecasters job to talk about
climate change at all why do you not
feel a responsibility to talk about
competence so if you're in my position
you're on the wall over here yeah and
we've got a tornado that's down in
Greensboro Alabama moving toward Brent
moving at 45 miles an hour you're
supposed to stop and say wait a minute
this is caused by man-made climate
change mm-hmm climate attribution
studies take years my role is to
mitigate the loss of human life somebody
else's role is to fight that battle you
have a platform you're a scientist with
a platform which a lot of other
scientists don't necessarily have her a
very bad at you're good at it when does
it become the responsibility of a
meteorologist to talk about this issue
that will affect millions of lives so
that's a fair question and my position
is they hire me here to forecast the
weather they didn't hire me as a
climatologist to discuss these things
you see that this is developed tension
here we started talking about climate
all of a sudden now it's you know
everybody's tense there are broadcast
meteorologists who don't get
uncomfortable talking about climates
Paul Gross is one of them
hey Brandon in my show I am gonna be
doing a little climate change thing just
so you know it'd be like in the middle
after the rainfall graphic Paul Gross is
one of the meteorologists for NBC's News
four in Detroit he says he's been
talking about climate change on the air
since the 90s and yeah another heavy
rain event if you're noticing an
increase in these the science actually
supports you let me show you what's
happening due to the warming climate
Paul is very active in the
meteorological community he's previously
served as a chairman of the AMS s
Committee on the station scientists
which aims to give on-air meteorologist
the tools they need to talk about other
scientific fields like climates well
there's an old saying that climate is
what you expect weather is what you get
by understanding what's happening with
our climate we can cross the line if you
will and tell people in terms of trends
if we're looking at more or less of a
certain kind of day-to-day type of
weather or weather extreme that's why I
find it particularly important to talk
about climate science Paul says he
rarely gets pushed back from his viewers
but advocacy groups have tried to
influence his coverage I just throw that
stuff in the trash and believe me I get
plenty of it so you get mail I do about
climate change
generally it's only on one side of the
aisle if you will and it's from groups
that are opposed to the human element in
involving climate change and there are
some very well-funded groups that send a
lot of misinformation do you want to
tell me who those groups are well I'll
just mention one it's called the
Heartland Institute
I believe they're based out of Chicago I
get glossy mailings from them I get
emails all the time from them and all
that stuff goes in the trash a Heartland
Institute spokesperson told us that they
send these materials to TV
meteorologists all across the country he
also said that Paul's claimed that they
spread misinformation is the kind of
scare tactics that many TV
meteorologists engage in such as linking
every severe weather event to man cause
global warming does it surprise you at
all to know that there are
meteorologists out there so
on the air whoo-hoo don't think that
humans are causing climate change it's
just an overwhelming balance of science
that shows that we're warming at an
unnatural rate and that the proximate
cause is human activity I don't know how
you can ignore that science that's all
I'm not gonna directly criticize a
colleague because they might have their
own reasons but I would only say that I
follow the science and the science has
pointed me in a direction James and Paul
actually have a lot in common they
refuse to have their stance on climate
change influenced by outside forces and
they both agree on the basic function of
their job to educate people about the
weather and keep them safe
that hasn't changed but scientific
understanding on global warming has and
not everyone's willing to change along
with it
you
