Hey
it's Tomas semana Inland Empire
California patch of desert used for
movie shoots and music videos today is a
music video by bad baby
public ages who you probably know better
as the cash me outside girl catapulted
to fame last year on dr. Phil at the
tender age of 13 in Audis hood laughs
and I smell funny so the audience are a
bunch of ho what does that mean catch
her outside and she'll go outside and do
what she has to do
after capitalizing on her liberally
transcribed catchphrase buy a t-shirts
extending her 15 minutes of viral
notoriety by getting into a fistfight on
a Spirit Airlines flight Danielle Berg
oleic septa Dan invitation to a
recording studio to try to turn her bad
girl image into a bad girl wrapped image
in orange
waitress why was I
hi bitch hi bitch Daniels great to work
with so it should be fun we've got a
while here in the desert how many times
we worked with her um this will be a
video it's funny for like years I mean
they're even among celebrities like
there's contracts drawn up so that if
you behave poorly as you know a
representative of such-and-such tubular
label you get kicked up or you know
what's I call it like a morals clause
when your entire brand is based on
screaming I guess it's all just good for
the gander how's it going with the video
okay
can you run me through the plots okay
pieced it together but okay so there's
two versions of me there's the old me
and now there's this me okay so this me
is killing the old move and then I'm
burying the old me
you took explain how you got signed to
Atlantic they reached out to one of my
managers and they were like oh well we
like we think she has a voice we want to
bring her into the studio i sat down
with a writer and we wrote verses and
they loved it and they were like we want
to sign you just ordered the one writer
you have a few different 103 but I'm
really close with one okay this is
usually like the idea start from one of
you like you bring the idea or the
writer brings the idea and then you work
on it or yeah it's kind of like together
Oh anything happens before you're on TV
did you did you want to be a musician I
always I've always loved music I just
never thought that I would I would want
to be a musician till I liked so I got
here where I am and I'm like I heard
myself in the studio I was like wow like
this can work how do you feel about
about beating viral is it is it cool I
like yeah it's just I still important
scene right so it's kind of like a lot
sometimes but I get yeah I seen this
book this post someone posted it said
I've been 18 since I was 12
it's like I could relate to that where's
your mom today she's about to be here oh
okay did she require to be here on
Saturday are you able to kind of leave
if I wasn't on probation she wouldn't
have to be here misses on probation what
are the conditions that in terms of her
being around yourself don't she has to
be like near me after five that's not
terrible how long's that last someone's
I think one of the major lessons the
last century in terms of child actors
was don't do it basically anybody who
had any measure of success as a kid in
the entertainment industry ended up
horrible by age 20 or so and this seems
to be you know I've taken playing with
fire - playing with dynamite sort of in
taking kids who are already a mess and
putting them in the spotlight like as a
reward for their bad behavior no one's
really ever taken someone off of daytime
talk made her into it in the mainstream
celebrity rare we did that in like three
months
about like using music building a
foundation and you know just just ultra
ultra branding there's every branding
trick in the book yeah you ever see her
she had same hair same outfit same talk
same subject matter it's just like
staying consistent
for as long as possible is this how you
do it yeah yeah you're seeing a mirror
you
you
