hey I'm Alex Thompson I'm here with
Senator Ron Wyden talking about net
neutrality and some of the other issues
of the day thanks so much for taking
time senator thanks for having me back
Alex and if you have any comments or
questions for the senator please leave
them in the comments so senator tomorrow
we're gonna see a vote on the FCC to
repeal net neutrality rules so just to
start he explained what net neutrality
is and why you feel it's so important
I'm glad you asked that because
certainly telecommunications policy
isn't something people bat around at the
coffee shop or at the water cooler
net neutrality means after you pay your
internet access fee you get to go where
you want when you want and how you want
and all bits are created equal this is
the essence of openness and fairness and
freedom for all it's what makes the
internet so important for example if
you're using it to get information about
health care or education maybe you're
looking for a job and what people really
need to understand is without net
neutrality companies can manipulate the
marketplace to help choose winners and
losers and they can do that up until the
time when consumers get fewer choices
and pay higher prices so in your mind
what would be the nightmare scenario if
net neutrality is repealed the nightmare
scenario is there would be even less
competition than there already is and
consumers as I've indicated would just
get clobbered with fewer choices and
higher prices this is what the big cable
companies have always wanted the big
cable companies are interested in making
it possible for the people with the big
wallets to get special deals
it's called paid prioritization
for example and they can really shake up
your life in a really bad way I mean
they can determine for example the speed
that you get access to content they can
control content in in some respects so I
want people to understand that I think
this is going to be a huge setback a
huge spec setback given the fact that an
open and free internet is in my view the
biggest contribution to Communications
in decades in decades
so do you see this as big cable
companies versus Internet companies or
is there also a distinction between
within Internet companies are some big
Internet companies also with big cable
company well sir certainly the big
people the deep pockets often align but
what you really find is that rural areas
small businesses people who for example
might have a new you know innovation
it's gonna be hard for them to come out
of the starting gate so yes there is
very much a kind of big interest vs.
little interests in this and mr. pie the
head of the Federal Communications
Commission basically is talking about
trickle-down telecommunications he's
basically saying if the big guys can go
out and make more money that's suddenly
going to produce more broadband say in
rural areas well the evidence shows
there was actually more investment when
there were net neutrality rules that had
real teeth so that's one issue to look
for also you'll hear a lot about how
mister pie and others would like kind of
a soft touch that's what they say a lot
basically what they want to do is basic
is gut the strong rules that have been
put in recently at one
like the cable companies said well we
like net neutrality but it should be
voluntary and I said my wife and I are
older parents we have 10 year old twins
there's about as much chance that the
cable companies will go along with
voluntary net neutrality as there is for
the widened twins to voluntarily limit
the number of their desserts and you
know in terms of tomorrow's vote how
critical is tomorrow can it be undone
you know it are we gonna see you know
the Democrat is in the White House and
for years can it be reversed or is this
really it no this is far from it
obviously mr. pie is very well
positioned for tomorrow
we understand that but he still has got
to go to court the fact is that the
courts have seen our evidence that we've
assembled the millions of people who've
weighed in with a fair amount of
sympathy they feel we've made a good
case and we've done it by the book it
has been a painstaking kind of effort so
I happen to think that net neutrality is
subtle law in other words some people
are saying well Mr Pyne might rule
against you tomorrow so what happens
next
I mean I've always said I'll talk about
legislation in this area if you're
talking about net neutrality rules with
teeth that's not what mr. pie and as
allies want in in fact they want
something that it's just the opposite of
what I've described so if people want to
get involved in this issue if they're
hearing you and they're saying we want
to do something about it you know what
can they do I mean obviously you know a
few years ago you got a lot of comments
on the FCC website you know can they
still do that are there other things
that they can do certainly letting the
FCC know always make sense I've always
believed that political change doesn't
start in government buildings in
Washington DC and a state capitol and
then trickle down instead it's bottoms
up it comes from the grassroots as
millions of Americans weigh in so I
think it's important for people who are
following this debate
definitely to weigh in with the Federal
Communications Commission with the White
House and also with their members of
Congress because these issues are
federal in nature and so we have a
question in from Sam at the wizard beard
- on Twitter who just wants to know do
you think that neutrality will be
repealed there's the vote tomorrow and
then you also mentioned lawsuits so what
is the next you know month or even I
think I think mr. pie obviously is
playing a very strong hand tomorrow we
understand where the votes are in the
Federal Communications Commission but we
are looking at a variety of ways here in
the Congress will have more to say about
this shortly in terms of stopping him
the court proceeding will certainly take
some months and I think it is just so
important given the fact that this issue
is so important and so fluid for folks
who are following this to be weighing in
now and we also have a question from Ray
sand of all who wants to know you know
how much of net neutrality do we really
have right now well as you know and
anybody who's following this the big
companies have been chipping away at
this for some time but we still have the
foundations of equality and an open to
all internet what net neutrality would
do is it would formally lock in to
public policy that you could have
companies manipulate the marketplace and
be involved in picking winners and
losers and raising prices for consumers
and limiting choices so there isn't any
question that this person who was in
touch is already concerned at how some
of the big companies are chipping away
at some of what I and others think is a
completely free and open
Internet but why we feel so strongly in
terms of protecting net neutrality is
that still ought to be the bedrock
principle and you know when I have town
meetings I just had my 80th town meeting
at home we've ever done that many and I
did it because people have so many
questions about issues like net
neutrality and taxes and health care and
surveillance and the like and if you
remember nothing else about this debate
just remember we're talking about
protecting the essence of the Internet
which is what we have today pay that
Internet you know access fee you get to
go where you want when you want how you
want and everybody's treated the same
the most powerful people in the country
and those of modest means who might as I
said just get on ten o'clock in the
morning and hope that a job pops up in
three or four in the afternoon they have
an opportunity to provide for themselves
and their family and you know to follow
up on that point you know James P Evans
has also written in and he wanted to ask
you you know for example if that bedrock
let's say that the lawsuits don't work
and that it is actually done away can it
be restored
can we add or bring back and not
re-regulate absolutely but let's not
speculate about losing let's focus on
winning and my sense is mr. pie
step-by-step plays a strong hand this
week we have a sense of where he's
counting his votes he's got to go
through the court process we're looking
at ways the Congress to unravel them if
anybody wants to talk about legislation
while I believe it's settled law if
they've got ideas for tough net
neutrality rules that are enforceable
we'll talk about that so I appreciate
the fact that people who are in touch
now as we discussing these issues want
to know exactly what the implications of
this this are this is far far from over
and if you share my view the political
change isn't going to really be driven
by what happens in
government building whether it's FCC or
you know another government building the
people really have a chance to grab on
to this and say we get what this is
about it's about a free and open
Internet it's about ensuring that
somebody who's got a good idea has the
same shot as the people who have the
deep pockets and it's about making sure
the consumers don't get clobbered with
higher prices for Less service because
the net neutrality rules go away and a
company can manipulate the market and
I'm curious where do you think the the
president president Trump is on this at
all I mean have you have you got an
indication that he's reviewed the
policies or really know what chairman
pie is what do we what we know about
this administration is very often they
sort of make some noises about taking
positions that are in favor of the
typical person up against the powerful
interests but when it really comes down
to making big decisions like when the
president said that he was going to take
on high pharmaceutical prices after he
was done with that after the campaign he
basically folded and went away so my
sense is that mr. pie didn't get this
job by accident mr. pie got it because
he has been somebody who has been year
after year after year been advocating
what I call this trickle-down you know
communications you know policy aware
that his theory is as if you know big
guys can just make more money even if
there's more concentration which so
often harms consumers he thinks that
that will some how trickle down to
people in say rural Oregon and evidence
just doesn't show that's the case and
and I miss apologies if I mispronounce
your name
selim but on Facebook wanted to take a
little bit more of an international look
at this and that you know if US a--
bulges net neutrality you know what
happens to global global internet
activity and to and from the US is
Atlanta
certainly what we know is people look to
the United States as the pace setter and
it seems to me if the United States
starts moving away from the fundamental
architecture of the Internet that it's
very likely to have dramatic you know
global implement implementation
implications for example number of years
ago there was a very anti internet bill
that was being considered here in the
Senate in the name of fighting piracy
and what it would have done would have
changed the domain name system of the
internet the architecture of the
Internet and I fought this with
everything I had and we were able to
derail it but one of the reasons that I
did is that I thought boy if the United
States starts meddling with the
architecture of the internet the
domain-name system which is really like
it's a phone book the internet I think
we're gonna have real problems around
the world and I mean do you see in in
terms of what India has been doing with
Internet and China obviously is very
much closed internet system I mean how
do you think it would affect both of
those completely I think we ought to see
a lesson there the last thing we want to
do is be a closed society like China and
I don't know of any major economic
player that has moved faster to put in
place repressive practices you know
practices that keep people from access
to information I don't know of any
country that's moved faster and more
aggressively to institute practices that
limit access to information in China
that ought to be a role model for what
not to do and we have another question
from Matthew joint and a few other
people have been really asking this and
you know what happens to people with a
VPN if net neutrality is repealed well I
think there are a lot of questions about
all of those issues now the big cable
companies and the big
Communications players all say don't
expect any changes you've probably seen
their ads we're not going to change
content yeah change speed but I think
that's an open question and I mean do
you do you believe them do you think
they're lying when they promise that
based on their track record what they've
always tried to do is squeeze another
few dollars out of the typical you know
person at the beginning and then it goes
up and up and up and then we see this
redistribution of political power where
people at the top have access to even
more information I mean my sense is that
a big part of this almost is like
promoting and information aristocracy is
if you have paid prioritization all
these big players cutting all these
special deals eventually those big
players are gonna have access to some
kind of technology treasure trove and
people of modest means not very long ago
all they had was dial-up you know
they're gonna be left behind and you
know you know critics would argue that
you know for example Netflix takes up a
lot of broadband and that if you have
net neutrality rules everyone in the
United States is now subsidizing people
with Netflix of subscriptions and what
do you say to those critics well what I
say is net we all benefit from a system
that is free and open we all benefit as
consumers with fair access and I'm
prepared to have a debate about those
kinds of issues what I will not debate
is unraveling that principle and after
you pay your internet access fee
everybody's treated the same and we have
another question from Kerry belly on
Facebook is who I guess feels a little
bit disillusioned in terms of the what
they can do because the question was
what do we do when the entire
versus owned lock stock and barrel and
why are more democrats even not speaking
about this in Congress it feels that
according to this question they feel
like even the Democrats aren't listening
that question was carry right yes carry
I'm so glad that that question was asked
because I want to come back to this
example a few years ago all of the big
commercial interests were lined up
you had Hollywood the Chamber of
Commerce you have a bunching unions all
of the money was lined up saying we've
got to fight piracy and you know people
selling fake sneakers or viagra or
whatever online and they said they
wanted to do it by basically changing
the architecture of the internet would
have would have done an enormous amount
of damage to it and there were more than
40 senators that were sponsoring the
bill scores of members of the House of
Representatives and I put a hold on the
bill and everybody said oh poor Ron
Wyden he has no chance some people would
say well he's from Oregon and we all
know what you know Oregon's like I'm
proud to be from Oregon and nobody
thought we had a chance and four days
before the Senate scheduled a vote on
whether to lift my hold 15 million
Americans call and they texted and they
sent tweets and they went to see their
member of Congress and a day and a half
later a very unhappy congressional
leadership called me and said you want
and I was the only person who put a hold
on it and that's what galvanized this
debate so I understand why Kerry's
worried I mean we had this bill where
you know basically the companies can you
know give out your browsing history and
all kinds of things we're so we're going
to talk a little about surveillance here
so I understand why people are concerned
about whether the grass
you know people who are listening this
program can beat big cable but we've
done it before we did it with these PIPA
SOPA bills these horribly anti Internet
bills when we had a lot less support and
a lot less visibility when we started
than we do today I mean we've had
extraordinary millions of people getting
involved in this you know issue and it's
gonna take more time to try to lay it
out as I said the first thing we talked
about it what is net neutrality because
people need to know that it is that
essence of fair and open treatment right
after you pay your intern access fee
that is the unifying you know concept
and you've asked several questions are
the big companies chipping away at it
yes are there issues with respect to big
data users absolutely
but we shouldn't walk in to public law a
dangerous principle like unraveling net
neutrality well and you just gave me the
perfect transition to surveillance right
now Congress is debating the
reauthorization of a lot of the
surveillance laws that were passed right
in the aftermath of 9/11 and what is at
stake over the next month what's gonna
happen and what are you fighting for and
why well there there are at least three
big issues you know coming up one is the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act we
talked about that second is border
searches because I don't believe the
Constitution ought to stop at the border
and we're seeing people having a hand
over their cell phones and like and
third a really honest judgement is the
Justice Department has talked about
bringing back what they call responsible
encryption which would be for people
paying attention to this program
essentially meaning that the government
would require companies to build
backdoors into their products and just
so people who are following this
understand the implications I think this
is wrong for a security standpoint I
think we're more safe with strong
encryption I think it's obviously in the
state from a Liberty standpoint with
people's
personal information being more easily
access and I think it's a horrible step
economically because a lot of high skill
high wage jobs depends on those
companies I want everybody who's
following this program to know that if
there is an effort to require companies
to build backdoors into their products
and weaken strong encryption I will shut
down the Senate over that issue
I will filibuster that bill because I
think it is so extraordinarily bad for
our country so Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act which is really again
getting back to the principles here it
makes sense to target serious foreign
threats I'm for that
I just don't want an end run on the
Constitution as it relates to Americans
who get caught up in those searches so
section 702 for Intelligence
Surveillance encryption and then I'm
increasingly a concern we have
bipartisan bill with Senator Rand Paul I
think this idea somehow your
constitutional rights stop at the border
is a big mistake and I think it relates
you're talking about court suits and and
like one of the encouraging things you
see it in Judge Sotomayor is comments
you also see it in the Chief Justice's
comments John Roberts is a growing
recognition that digital is different
you have your whole life wrapped up in a
smartphone and the court has even said
you know somebody's rested you don't get
on to automatically search their
smartphone fantastic and I also wanted
to ask you know in terms of also news of
the day you know we obviously saw that
the Democrats won a Senate seat in
Alabama where Donald Trump won just 13
months ago by 28 points and a Democrat
won in that state should Democrats
obviously there were there were rare
circumstances
in this case where the Republican
nominee had a lot of baggage but do you
think that that this is a one-off or do
you think that this pretends something
deeper and look for one one starts the
analyses I think this is just wonderful
news for people who want good and caring
government I'm the ranking Democrat on
the Senate Finance Committee we have
authority over the program the
Children's Health Insurance Program Doug
Jones talked about one program last
night just one it was the Children's
Health Insurance Program and if I had
had my way this would have been passed
by the Senate and signed into law a long
time ago because we've got millions of
families you know that are walking on an
economic tightrope because the Congress
won't make a decision on the children's
health insurance bill I mean you say to
yourself what could possibly be partisan
about children's health
if the far right has somehow made it you
know partisan they want to do everything
else they want to give handouts to
multinational corporations before
they'll do this and I was so pleased
that last night Doug Jones had a chance
to talk about a lot of things but he
went right away to the Children's Health
Insurance Program these are families and
some of them go back and forth between
the children's health insurance program
and the Medicaid program depending on if
a family members out of work but these
are families that walk in economic
tightrope every day balancing their food
costs our fuel costs fuel costs against
housing bills and to know we're gonna
have a new United States Senator in the
state Alabama who had a chance to talk
about any set of issues he was
interested in talking about last night
when millions of people were like me
stand up there trying to see what was
gonna happen when do you talk about
children's health insurance and I just
turned out the lights went to bed enough
so I'm a happy guy that's kind of person
I want the United States Senate
so Republican senator Cory Gardner
you know he issued a call last night
after the Democrat won and said that
because Alabama supports tax reform that
doug jones should vote to support tax
reform do you think that he will
I think Doug Doug Jones I'll let him
speak for himself but I followed his
comments during the campaign Doug Jones
kept talking about the middle class look
the middle class drives seventy percent
of the economic activity in our country
those are the folks you know who buy
cars and remodel houses and send kids to
child care that's where the big economic
multiplier is middle class just gets
clobbered you know in this bill it also
includes gutting the Affordable Care Act
it's really a dagger right into the
heart of the Affordable you know Care
Act so 10% increase in premiums thirteen
million people lose lose their coverage
so I followed what Doug Jones said in
the campaign and he basically said
economic security issues are the key for
me I'm gonna be sensitive to what the
people of Alabama are talking about they
told me that health care costs jobs and
keeping jobs in the United States this
tax bill then we're gonna have a
conference committee on here today
you know Wednesday makes it more
attractive to do business outside the
United States because it's something
called territorial taxation so I was
really pleased again to see someone
talking in such a common sense connect
with the middle class kind of way as
Doug Jones did both last night in this
campaign we have another question from
Facebook from Kevin lip and they're
actually going to go back just real
quick to net neutrality and that just
because he wants to know you know what
happens to Bitcoin or even just the
blockchain technology that undermine
that it was the platform listen this is
a little bit you know different and
obviously there are a whole host of
cryptocurrency kinds of issues too you
know
and tell them to be in touch with our
office and we'll go into a little more
detail but they don't get that Kevin
there there are different issues and for
example I'll give you an example there
are a lot of regulatory questions even
with respect to how you deal with crypto
currencies Bitcoin was essentially the
first and we're starting to ask some of
them but it's a it's a different issue
than it drill gotcha gotcha and you know
you've you said just last week going
back to kind of politics of the day you
said last week that you feel like the
president should resign and that you
know he obviously doesn't seem like he
is going to do that and so I wanted to
ask that the next step so let's say that
if the house tomorrow decided to vote on
Oracle's impeachment and pass them and
it came to the Senate would you vote to
impeach the president well look let's
step back a little bit so you get a
sense of what I said because I think it
was a little bit of context you know to
it presidents indicated he'd go go
resign and so I wanted people know a I
believe the women with respect to and
there were some others who you know came
forward you know again yesterday and I
think when you are talking about this
level of harassment and this number you
know a people if the person the
president won't take personal
responsibility for his conduct you bet
you ought to have hearings and those
ought to begin you know immediately
nobody is above the law and I think
that's the appropriate step and I note
the house vote um you know last week I
think seemed indicate that as well and I
think the other part about this relates
to topic I think you're interested in
touching on as well and that's Russia
and I want people who are following this
program to know that anybody anybody who
just sits back and says well Donald
Trump can do what he wants with
respect the bubble or ought to
understand that's going to trigger a
constitutional crisis I believe that
every Democrat and every Republican in
the Congress today liberal conservative
Democrat Republican should say right now
that if Donald Trump interferes with Bob
Muller's work that's gonna trigger a
constitutional crisis with all the
implications that you just were asking
about well and Bob you know the Senate
investigation on Russia you are on the
Intelligence Committee to laugh at you
you still are and you know over the last
several months there have been fewer and
fewer public hearings
you know chairman Richard Burr has not
had many public hearings and he said
just yesterday that he doesn't plan or
doesn't see a reason for many more
public hearings do you think he's wrong
I have told the Chairman Richard burr
and the ranking Democrat Mark Warner
that I think the public's got a right to
know here and in the original agreement
there was laid out at the beginning of
this Congress I put public hearings
right at the center there are two pieces
that I think are critical the public
hearings and what I call the follow the
money issues I have put holds on several
appointees with respect to the Trump
administration who have not shown any
indication in terms of helping us get
access to documents particularly even
along the Intelligence Committee Finance
Committee has got very good you know
investigators we can't even get access
to unclassified documents documents that
aren't classified so I think there are
dots to be connected here got one the
president said his family said in 2009
that much of their portfolio consisted
of Russian money then over here we know
that he hasn't put out his tax returns
which ought to again be a wake-up call
first time in 40 years then over here we
read in the New York Times that many of
his businesses hundreds a
they are passed through businesses that
would benefit from the tax bill so
follow the money issues and public
hearings have been my two priorities
with respect to this Russian
investigation and one last point there
has been discussion about setting some
sort of arbitrary date for finishing the
intelligence committees work I strongly
oppose that as well you followed the
evidence and you don't wrap up until
you've done that
and you know we started this
conversation on net neutrality so I
think it's pretty fitting that we end it
there and you know what can Americans do
just in the next 24 hours to make sure
that their voices are heard they ought
to weigh in with the Federal
Communications Commission we've had
links on our website and can make that
information available to folks call
their senators and House members
participate in things in the community
there are lots of rallies and marches
and folks all over the country who are
speaking out join it because that's
going to make a difference not just in
terms of what happens tomorrow because
we know mister pie is playing a strong
hand tomorrow but if you share my view
that political change doesn't get made
in a government building and then
trickle down but it's bottoms up that's
why people ought to participate right
now and I appreciate you wrapping up the
discussion this way great and that's all
the time we have senator wyden thank you
so much for taking the time and thanks
to everyone home tune in thanks for your
great questions and follow-up vice news
and vice news comm for more updates
