hello they're back at at talk 99/5
obviously it's a big day for the state
of Alabama the eyes of America and
really the world are on Alabama right
now our campaign has been about everyone
in the state we're getting making sure
our message is getting across while Roy
Moore hides behind whoever he's hiding
behind so here's a guy that's been a
strong public servant who served this
country and his nation in this state all
his life and we're gonna take the
Washington Post's word for it I don't
believe anything in The Washington Post
The New York Times
I'm a Republican and we sit up here and
be the same complacent Alabama where
people don't get out here and make their
voices heard we're gonna get a bunch of
water Awards because they're coming here
I know the good that Judge Roy Moore has
done so for you is being pro-abortion as
simple as potential pedophilia yes I'm
here to try to help the get some folk
woke all right here we go
you
