tonight
joy more supporters speak 40 years ago
in Alabama there's a lot of momma's and
daddies that be thrilled that their 14
year old was getting hit on by a
District Attorney rage in Jerusalem and
Arizona Republican Trent Franks resigned
effective immediately ahead of reports
that he offered an aide five million
dollars to be a surrogate for his child
yesterday Frank said he would step down
in January after he admitted to
approaching two female staffers about
surrogacy according to a report in
Politico today quote it was not clear to
the women whether he was asking about
impregnating the women through sexual
intercourse or in vitro fertilization
Frank's denies those allegations
President Trump declared a state of
emergency in California as six
uncontained fires ravaged the southern
coast of the state including a new
rapidly spreading blaze that's now
forcing evacuations in San Diego
combined the fires are burning more than
160,000 acres across four counties and
all are less than 50 percent contained
with only 10% of the large Thomas fire
in Ventura County under control
close to 6,000 firefighters are battling
the blazes which have destroyed at least
500 properties British prime minister
Theresa May struck a last-minute deal
with the European Union to allow
greggson negotiations to move on to the
next phase I believe we have now made to
work food we did today's result is
according to the agreement Britain will
pay a so-called divorce bail of between
35 and 39 billion pounds
EU citizens already living in the UK as
well as the other way around will also
have their rights protected and there
will be no hard border with Ireland even
leaders are expected to officially
approve the deal next week so that talks
can move on to trade Deena Powell
president Trump's deputy national
security adviser in a major force behind
his Middle East policy will be leaving
her post early next year White House
press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders
said that Powell quote has always
planned to serve one year before
returning home to New York or she'll
continue to support the President's
agenda disturbing body camera footage of
a police officer killing an unarmed man
in 2016 has been unsealed after a jury
acquitted former Mesa Arizona officer
Philip Brailsford of second degree
murder on Thursday the video shows the
victim Daniel shaver in a hotel hallway
on his knees crying and begging not to
be shy he complies with instructions
crawling slowly towards Brailsford who
shoots five times with his ar-15
Brailsford testified that he believes
shaver was reaching for a gun but no
weapons were found on him Brailsford and
other officers were responding to a
report of a person pointing a rifle at
people from a hotel window
on Tuesday suspended Alabama Chief
Justice and alleged pedophile Roy Moore
will face off against former US attorney
Doug Jones in a special election for the
state's open Senate seat
polls show more leading by a two point
margin Republican strategist Frank Luntz
went to Birmingham to ask a panel of
conservative voters what they see in
their candidate that the rest of America
doesn't are you all Christians here yes
is Roy Moore a good Christian yes
absolutely absolutely yes without any
doubt whatsoever nobody's perfect please
explain nobody's perfect when you look
at the things that he has been accused
of I want to know just because I don't
go to church every time the doors or
anything doesn't mean I don't believe
and God doesn't expect us to be perfect
but he does expect us to try and repent
of our sins he's not my choice I'm not
voting for him because I like him I'm
voting for him because I don't want Doug
Jones but Roy Moore is entitled to the
presumption of innocent in the law and
in the Bible just like anybody else
should be their only accusations there
have been no charges filed all you have
is a group of women that have come
forward and said how many seven more
there's really great fire how many women
have to come forward before you say wait
a minute where there's smoke there's
fire
a matter of legitimacy not just how many
they were actually not being paid or
being coerced to do this how many of
them do you think are being paid all of
all of them by showing us how many of
you think all the women are being paid
seriously to me they're only two women
that maybe have a smoking gun but you
know the woman's their reputations were
questionable at the time
is this how you want to be treated as a
woman if something were to happen to you
do you want to be dismissed that way
they're happy
you know you know it doesn't sound like
it went beyond there were still clothes
on it doesn't sound like it went beyond
anything and then as soon as the girl
said she wasn't comfortable he took her
up I guess my question is you blamed her
she's 14 I'm not blaming her I'm blaming
both of them so I didn't say that I
thought he was without son it's possible
he did it but it's possible that he
could be forgiven for I don't think he
raped let's be real it was a different
world 40 years ago in Alabama people
could get married at 13 and 14 years old
my grandmother at 13 was married at 15
had two children and a husband and a job
if Froy Moore was guilty if he was at
the mall hitting on this 14 year old 40
years ago in Alabama there's a lot of
momma's and daddies that be thrilled
that their 14 year old was getting hit
on by a district attorney I dated an
older man at 16 so we don't really know
always he 31 I'm not gonna say that the
14 year old that's I don't believe it to
be honest the woman that said she was
born I don't believe her but for all of
us as a woman I think we've pretty much
all been in the situation where there's
been a sexual harassment I mean think
about what you're saying you're calling
all nine of those women liars nine women
when it happened to you didn't you want
people to trust you I never told anybody
and is that I was gonna tell somebody I
would not have waited 38 years to tell
it I would that's what's mind-boggling
why wait till now at an election to come
forward and say Oh
hey Frank what you want to know is we
got a bunch of conservatives here you
want to know why we're going to vote for
rolling more my wife went to high school
boy she said in high school
Roy was a hard worker an American
success story if you will he always aim
for higher things however neither she
nor I have ever voted for Roy way up
until now and we intend to vote for Roy
because of the opponent that's running
right now far as I'm concerned we've
probably got two miserable candidates in
my opinion we ought to go with a
conservative we ought to go with
somebody that we know is going to vote
conservative and that's what I'm looking
for
joy Moore is not a miserable man this
man has more integrity than you can find
in the entire Congress right now don't
fall for the George Soros assassination
plan the truth will come out these women
are all going to be proven just like the
16 it went against President Trump just
right before the election what about the
women who went against Bill Clinton the
accusers of Clinton everybody knows he's
though womanizer well people think the
same thing about Roy Moore with Bill
Clinton they went to the courthouse and
they filed papers they didn't wait 40
years to do it
that's a huge difference than just going
to the media only six weeks before an
election
so I got a question for you we recruited
there about 60 people who wanted to be
in this group and you guys ended up in
it
not a single african-american is in this
group
why welcome to Alabama
that's the best you can come up with I
was here during the Civil Rights there
we didn't have racial problems after the
80s because we went through it when
Obama was elected and he started his
divisional rhetoric race relations in
Alabama went the rest of the way of the
country the race relations in the state
of Alabama is really not that bad or
what does it say that you know right why
can't we just be Americans Alabamians
because ninety-seven percent of the
african-american community is going to
vote for Doug Jones does that not
concern you it had yes that concerns me
greatly it tells me that Roy Moore
didn't do a very good job of getting out
in campaigning so why aren't they voting
Republican because they listen to people
you know that are that have influence
over them and if they've been so
destroyed why do they keep voting for
them why won't they vote for your
candidates well in my opinion they'd be
stupid
I don't understand that if you vote for
somebody that's making you worse and
worse do you call that smarter student
isn't a better question why African
Americans wouldn't vote for him I mean
like why do they want immigrants coming
over and taking the jobs that they could
be having you know what do they believe
do they believe a baby should be aborted
at nine months I mean I don't know
policy is everything and if we don't
stand for conservative policies then
we've lost anywhere
there was today Jerusalem had been
bracing from the basement Friday prayers
at one of Islam's holiest sites in a
city the US president now considers
Israel's capital and Israeli authorities
had taken steps to head off any
escalation of yesterday's protests as
prayers ended the chants began Israeli
forces moved in quickly to shopping
Spain
I had a little enough of a circular feet
the time of the second division alpha
yáñez not detachable not like
Sebastian seventeen-year-old
Amir crash is here with a group of his
friend Mahalo the McCanns little kanika
be dull Holliday had a little cut does
and usually hang off you just right for
America
but Jerusalem's man mia bucket says
President Trump did the right thing by
signing with Israel the reality is that
the President of the United States
realizes that connection historical
connection to the Bible times and
expects and accepts the fact that
Jerusalem is the capital of the Jewish
people I mean there must be reason why
the Americans haven't embassy here for
decades this is being US policy
throughout what I heard President Trump
say is that look for seven years this
did not bring peace not recognizing the
city of Jerusalem did not bring peace
what's your message for the Palestinians
living living here accept the fact that
Jerusalem is the capital of the Jewish
people there will never be any peace if
you don't set that fact
across the Middle East have been
protests every day since President
Trump's announcement in Gaza and the
West Bank
- but loyalties here have long been
divided between different political
factions in recent years the main
political groups Fatah and Hamas have
grown further apart but that could be
changing this weekend the groups are
scheduled to finalize a deal under which
Hamas will hand over control of the Gaza
Strip to the Palestinian Authority and
common resentment against the US could
now bring them even closer together
participants in Israeli occupation and
Iran is still processing what the u.s.
decision means for a future Palestinian
state for me I believe too much in the
two-state solution and now after 23
years of signing the Oslo accord which
is a prepaid bail for Israel now after
23 years of our lives we gain nothing
she insisted that the Palestinians will
come back stronger today it's the end
for no
as long as Palestinians can breathe we
will continue to our peaceful march
towards our independent state and that's
it
the Bureau of Labor Statistics announced
this morning that the US economy added
228 thousand jobs last month and the
unemployment rate has stayed constant at
four point one percent it's good
economic news for a Trump administration
that's been promising to deliver just
that since the campaign trail my
economic agenda can be summed up in
three very beautiful words jobs jobs
jobs but there's at least one number
that's still lagging and it's arguably
the one that matters most wage growth in
the United States has been stagnant
pretty much since the onset of the Great
Recession even this year with the
economy doing well by all sorts of other
metrics paychecks still aren't growing
like they should be average hourly
earnings are up by only 2.5 percent in
2017 which is barely enough to keep pace
with inflation that's strange because
the unemployment rate is extremely low
right now it hasn't been this low since
2000 and a scarce supply of available
workers should mean that companies have
to compete to hire people which should
lead to bigger paychecks that's exactly
what happened at the turn of a century
when unemployment fell below 4 percent
and wages for ordinary workers rose
sharply there are a lot of theories
about why that isn't happening this time
around some economists say that the
unemployment rate is misleading because
it doesn't include the millions of
people who aren't even looking for jobs
at the moment some point to the fact
that older workers are being replaced by
younger ones who tend to make less money
but Austan Goolsbee who is the chairman
of the Council of Economic Advisers
under Obama has another theory the
increased power of corporations you've
seen a huge increase in corporate
profits as a share of the economy so
wages share of the economy something
like record
corporate profits share of the economy
setting record highs we definitely have
seen a kind of a consolidation of
corporate power and strengthening and in
bargaining one solution could be
deliberately strengthening the power of
labor unions which don't have the
influence they did even just 20 years
ago Goolsbee says we should be investing
more in education which we know is
correlated with better pay
but the Trump administration is pitching
another solution cutting corporate taxes
they say that letting companies keep
more of their cash will lead them to pay
their workers more Goolsbee says that's
not gonna happen I think anybody who's
the who are the trickle down will come
and we will all benefit I think you got
an answer why didn't that happen over
the last 25 years as the corporate
profit rate rose to the all-time record
level wage growth should be setting
records and it absolutely isn't if
cutting corporate taxes doesn't change
that Trump's approval rating which is
already at historical low could dive
even further for the average American it
doesn't matter how fast the economy is
growing or how much the stock market is
booming unless they actually see some of
that money themselves Richard Taylor
will be awarded the Nobel Prize in
Economics on Sunday for his radical
approach to econ he looks at how real
people make decisions before failure
most economists assumed that humans were
perfectly rational focused on the long
term and adept to calculating costs and
benefits
failure though looks at people as they
really are driven by emotions and
impulses influenced by other people and
the perception of the choices presented
to them behavioral economics the fields
that failure pioneered may as well be
called real person economics over his
career
sailors specialized in solving real-life
puzzles like why taxi drivers and their
shifts early on their busiest days and
why consumers are more likely to spend a
windfall on something frivolous rather
than put it in the bank but failure is
most famous for a 2008 book he
co-authored nudge which argues that
choices are imperceptibly framed by
something he calls choice architecture
and that by framing choices differently
you can move people in one direction or
the other
take the unpleasant problem of urinal
spillage it turns out that putting a
drawing of a fly in the center of a
urinal can decrease village by an
amazing 80 percent simply providing a
target nudges men to pay more attention
to their aim or take how we eat it turns
out people usually clean their plates so
they eat more if you give them a big
plate unless if you give them a small
one they'll eat healthier if you just
make it harder for them to reach
desserts Freeman can subvert our best
intentions or it could help us live up
to them for instance everyone wants to
save for retirement but most Americans
famously don't in fact when asked to
join their company's 401 k plan many
people don't bother to enroll however if
the company automatically enrolls them
most people just stay enrolled simply
changing the choice from opt-in to
opt-out means people end up putting
money away for retirement automatic
enrollment and retirement savings plans
an idea Feiler championed has more than
doubled participation rates so there are
real consequences to choice architecture
and even small changes can make a big
difference it doesn't take a push or a
shove for people to shift their behavior
it just takes a nudge
the vocal network was almost kind of
started as a joke I told my friend at
Google at the time that hey if they have
a group maybe we could get together and
do some kind of sing about fast forward
six months
that's how tech Apella was born to
capella is a collaboration of a whole
bunch of acapella groups from different
tech companies within the Bay Area
we don't try to treat this as a
competition and we put in a lot a lot a
lot of work to make this the best
possible performance for our friends and
family and the community this year we
have an amazing line-up for tech Apella
at the San Francisco Conservatory of
Music we are the songbirds were from
Twitter of course we have Google Pella
with Google
in tunes from Pinterest oh yeah and we
also have the square registers from
square it's just a whole bunch of people
who happen to work for companies coming
together and sing and throw an amazing
party we get the taxi justice each other
traffic make the radio thing tonight you
will hear some really terrific acapella
singing you'll also hear people who just
really love to sing are they good people
they're great people they're wonderful
people as far as how well they sang let
me put it this way I think the great
thing about music is that fundamentally
is about bringing people together
an engineer and being a singer are kind
of intertwined it sort of pairs the
creative and the problem-solving and the
analytical kind of all in one package so
I find them actually really similar
there's a lot of things that go through
my mind in the moments leading up to
when we step onto stage I'm partly
nervous my hands are a little bit sweaty
but I'm super excited I'm super stoked I
can't wait to go out there
my solo is really tough I mean leading
up to my falsetto I was like oh I don't
nobody am I gonna make it am I gonna
make it you but I pushed through and you
know it was really amazing those greats
next with the pout
that's vice news tonight for Friday
December 8th
you
you
