are you all Christians here yes is Roy
Moore a good Christian yes absolutely
absolutely yes without any doubt
whatsoever you this nobody's perfect
please explain nobody's perfect when you
look at the things that he has been
accused of I want to know just because I
don't go to church every time the doors
are open doesn't mean I don't believe
and God doesn't expect us to be perfect
but he does expect us to try and repent
of our sins he's not my choice I'm not
voting for him because I like him I'm
voting for him because I don't want Doug
Jones but Roy Moore is entitled to the
presumption of innocence in the law and
in the Bible just like anybody else
should be there are only accusations
there have been no charges filed all you
have is a group of women that have come
forward and said how many seven more
there's really great fire how many women
have to come forward before you say wait
a minute
where there's smoke there's fire there's
a matter of legitimacy not just how many
I mean they were actually not being paid
or have been coerced to do this how many
of them do you think are being paid all
of all of them by showing us how many of
you think all the women are being paid
seriously to me they're only two women
that maybe have a smoking gun but you
know the woman's their reputations were
questionable at the time is this how you
want to be treated as a woman if
something were to happen to you do you
want to be dismissed that way they're
happy you know you know it doesn't sound
like it went beyond there were still
clothes on it doesn't sound like it went
beyond anything and then as soon as the
girl said she wasn't comfortable he took
her on I guess my question is you blamed
her
she's 14 I'm not blaming her I'm blaming
both of them so I didn't say that I
thought he was without son it's possible
he did it but it's possible that he
could be forgiven for I don't think he
let's be real it was a different world
40 years ago in Alabama people could get
married at 13 and 14 years old my
grandmother at 13 was married at 15 had
two children and a husband and a job
if Roy Moore was guilty if he was at the
mall hitting on this 14 year old 40
years ago in Alabama there's a lot of
momma's and daddies that be thrilled
that their 14 year old was getting hit
on by a district attorney I dated an
older man at 16 so we don't really know
always he 31 I'm not gonna say that the
14 year old that's I don't believe it to
be honest the one that said she was born
I don't believe her but for all of us as
a woman I think we've pretty much all
been in the situation where there's been
a sexual harassment I mean think about
what you're saying you're calling all
nine of those women liars nine women
when it happened to you didn't you want
people to trust you I never told anybody
and is that I thought was gonna tell
somebody I would not have waited 38
years to telling I would that's what's
mind-boggling why wait till now at an
election to come forward and say oh okay
Frank what you want to know is we got a
bunch of conservatives here and you want
to know why we're gonna vote for ruling
more my wife went to high school boy she
said in high school Roy was a hard
worker an American success story if you
will he always aim for higher things
however neither she nor I have ever
voted for Roy way up until now and we
intend to vote for Roy because of the
opponent that's running right now far as
I'm concerned we've probably got two
miserable
in my opinion we ought to go with a
conservative we ought to go with
somebody that we know is going to vote
conservative and that's what I'm looking
for joy is not a miserable man this man
has more integrity than you can find in
the entire Congress right now don't fall
for the George Soros assassination plan
the truth will come out these women are
all going to be proven just like the 16
it went against President Trump just
right before the election what about the
women who went against Bill Clinton the
accusers of Clinton everybody knows he's
a womanizer well people think the same
thing about ROI more with Bill Clinton
they went to the courthouse and they
filed papers they didn't wait 40 years
to do it that's a huge difference than
just going to the media only six weeks
before an election so I got a question
for you we recruited they're about 60
people who wanted to be in this group
and you guys ended up in it not a single
african-american is in this group why
that's the best you can come up with I
was here during the civil rights there
we didn't have racial problems after the
80s because we went through it when
Obama was elected and he started his
divisional rhetoric race relations in
Alabama went the rest of the way of the
country the race relations in the state
of Alabama is really not that bad but
what does it say why can't we just be
Americans Alabamians because
ninety-seven percent of the African
American community is going to vote for
Doug Jones does that not concern you yes
that concerns me greatly it tells me
that Roy Moore didn't do a very good job
of getting out and campaigning so why
aren't they voting Republican because
they listen to people you know that are
that have influence over them and if if
they've been so destroyed why do they
keep voting for them why won't they vote
for your candidates
well in my opinion they'd be stupid I
don't understand that if you vote for
somebody that's making you worse and
worse do you call that smarter student
isn't a better question why African
Americans wouldn't vote for him I mean
like why do they want immigrants coming
over and taking the jobs that they could
be having you know what do they believe
do they believe a baby should be aborted
at nine months I mean I don't know
policy is everything and if we don't
stand for conservative policies then
we've lost anywhere
you
