tonight the backlash against tax cuts
inside Chernobyl still dome and
yemen's former President Ali Abdullah
Saleh was killed just outside Sanaa the
country's capital Houthi officials say
their fighters killed Saleh as he was
trying to flee to Saudi Arabia since
Salah and his forces have been aligned
with the Iranian backed Houthis in a
united front against the saudi-led
coalition and Yemen's government but
over the past week it has been intense
fighting between sellers forces and the
Houthis and on Saturday solare changed
sides saying who is ready to turn a new
page in his relationship with the
saudi-led coalition the Supreme Court
decided today it will allow the third
version of the travel ban to take full
effect while legal challenges make their
way through the appellate courts the ban
introduced in September restricts travel
from citizens of Chad Iran Libya North
Korea Somalia Syria Yemen and certain
government officials of Venezuela the
lower courts had said people from those
countries with bona fide relationships
should be allowed to enter but today's
decision over rules that Philadelphia
judge has denied meek Millz bail request
saying here's a quote danger to the
community
last month the rapper was sentenced to
two to four years in state prison for
violating his 2008 probation by riding a
dirt bike in the street and being
involved in a fistfight at an airport
artists and athletes have rallied behind
him calling the sentence heavy-handed
and Mill's nearly decade-long probation
period unjust Mills attorney says the
ruling continues a quote long pattern of
unfair treatment and they plan to appeal
today President Trump announced that two
national monuments bears ears and grand
staircase-escalante will be redrawn
removing protection from about two
million acres of Utah's desert they were
declared national monuments by former
presidents Obama and Clinton under the
antiquities Act
that designation gave them the highest
form of protection and prohibited
resource extraction including mining it
means all of the public lands that we're
so proud of this Americans are under
threat by presidential action which may
determine that well we'd rather mine for
uranium in this area we'd rather drill
for oil and gas and it undermines the
very fabric of America's public lands
being owned by all Americans and
protected in perpetuity for future
generations several groups have already
threatened legal action against the
decision saying that once a site has
been declared a national monument only
Congress can undo it
after weeks of tiptoeing President Trump
fully endorsed Alabama Senate candidate
Roy Moore today many Republicans have
called for more to drop out of the race
after allegations of sexual misconduct
by multiple women including two who
saved more forced himself on them when
they were teenagers and he was a
prosecutor in his 30s in a statement
month campaign said quote President
Trump called Judge Moore a fighter and
wrapped up the call with a gogit and Roy
earlier in the day the president said
more vote was needed for things like his
immigration and pro-life agenda
president Trump's personal lawyer John
Dowd is in the national spotlight today
after outlining what may be a bold new
legal strategy saying that under article
2 of the Constitution the president is
the top law enforcement officer in the
country and therefore it cannot obstruct
justice but Sunday it was John Dowd
himself that drew new attention to the
idea of the president obstructing
justice when he claimed he was the real
author of a trump tweet that pointed to
well the president possibly obstructing
justice
this all raises a lot of questions
including who is John Dowd dad is
legette in the 80s he brought down Pete
Rose in the biggest sports gambling
scandal in American history he
represented John McCain in the Keating
five investigation and in 2011 faced off
against Preet Bharara in a famous
insider trading case but especially for
a lawyer
he's also prone to ill-advised behavior
and hasn't slowed down since becoming
Trump's first line of defense in August
just after the white nationalist rally
in Charlottesville he forwarded an email
to journalists and government officials
that said black lives matter had been
infiltrated by terrorist groups in
September a New York Times reporter
heard Dowd in Whitehouse lawyer Ty Cobb
openly discussing legal strategy in the
Russia investigation at an outdoor
restaurant in Washington DC and now Dowd
is going pretty far out on a legal limb
to claim Trump is immune to obstruction
of justice charges but in claiming to
have written Trump's tweet about Flynn
Dow may have opened himself up to legal
and ethical problems I find it truly
breathtaking that an attorney with the
reputation and experience a doubt would
ever let this type of statement be
issued but he was not just speaking on
behalf of the president for all kinds of
purposes he was speaking as the
president
now usually statements made by council
on behalf of clients are treated as
binding on the clients that's why this
could not be worse
the other issue he may have just made
himself a witness and special counsel
Robert Pollard's investigation which
means he could both be compelled to
testify while trying to represent the
President of the United States
I think it'll become increasingly
difficult for Dow to remain counsel
particularly if the special counsel
makes any inquiry into this tweet the
Dowd has now put himself in the position
of being a witness in the investigation
of the special counsel you can't perform
both roles if nothing else it's ironic
that Donald Trump has written almost 37
thousand tweets of varying degrees of
outrage but it's the one whose lawyer
claims to have written that could be the
most damaging at the Chernobyl nuclear
power plant workers are tackling the
final preparations for a major milestone
slated for next year handing over full
control of the site to Ukraine Chernobyl
is still considered the world's worst
nuclear disaster and the job of
containing the fallout has required an
international cast of players a year ago
crews finished putting the new
sarcophagus in place
it's a massive steel arch officially
called the new safe confinement that
covers the destroyed reactor now workers
are busy sealing up the space between
the new sarcophagus and the old one
which was built in the 80s and they're
facing some of the highest levels of
radiation they've encountered so far
the town of Pripyat stands as a stark
reminder of the danger inherent in
nuclear power 43,000 people lived here
before the Soviet Union ordered a
complete evacuation after the accident
in 1986 this was your see Dima pop up
was the students at the time and can you
tell me about the day when the reactor
exploded what was that like Thomas to
appear including means impress table for
my Mariam vastly Estrella still motion
week Casali
possibly work what's called a premium or
cost was Mitsubishi not reaches 10 yahoo
annuities abroad and how did you feel
when you found out you couldn't come
back to prepare to live cannabis was
massively at not what's proposed to
Capri cuchini my viernes tore down more
ridiculous Polamalu more nearly the
capacity was to me recession also
corrode abroad no right are to the
disaster
it took Soviet work is three months to
entomb the toxic remains the destroyed
reactor that's what the original
sarcophagus was full it was a quick fix
who was never intended to be a long-term
solution for decontamination and as
years passed the structure showed
increasing risk of collapse
new safe confinement is the solution for
the next 100 years so right now we are
underneath this massive shell that has
been built over the top of the reactor
here in Chernobyl soon the operations
were taken from the international
community that are working on it and
given back to the Ukrainians after the
fall of the Soviet Union Ukraine looked
abroad for help cleaning up Chernobyl 27
countries contributed funding for the
design construction of this massive
project it took 20 years 1,200 workers
1.8 billion dollars to complete the
European Bank for Reconstruction and
Development is the primary donor has
coordinated work since the beginning
Simon Evans heads the Chernobyl shelter
fund why was it so important to build
this structure now we needed some sort
of solution that would be able to give
us a safety and security and
decommissioning over are very
longer-term period and this is what we
have now the new crane system is the
centerpiece of the work that is about to
start we'll carry the tools for taking
apart the decaying sarcophagus and
removing contaminated material for safe
storage but the confinement must be
sealed completely before this hazardous
process can begin
this work has been a priority over the
past year the arch is designed to seal
hermetically to the old structure which
isn't flexible at all is it 110 meters
and our 36 thousand tons biggest
removable land-based object ever the
confinement is reduced outside radiation
levels by 90 percent since it was
installed last November but the steel
roof alone could not stop all
contamination from escaping work has
installed a powerful ventilation system
designed to keep airborne particles
inside they also built 85 foot concrete
walls to cover end sections of the old
building
we've got only 20 minutes for the rules
according to the rules of the radiation
safety department this is some of the
biggest challenge we had in the last
year is sealing all the arts the
existing structures so we have to have
this very carefully developed polymer
system and that's the problem there at
the moment for the dose rates we
encountering there so currently the
contractor has guys up there drilling
where they drilled a hole there five
minutes a day what would have happened
if none of this happen if you hadn't put
the shell on your hand and all this work
what was built after the accident was a
absolute heroic effort Buddha's never
designed to last and over time it would
collapse and massively contaminate this
whole area so we had to provide a
long-term solution to slowly start
taking the old reactor apart and that's
what we've provided but the job of
cleaning up Chernobyl is even bigger
than dealing with the contaminated
material under the new safe confinement
and the Ukrainians take control they
will also have to deal with nuclear
waste from three other reactors that
were functioning at the time of the
accident 21,000 fuel rods from those
reactors are currently housed in storage
that was only designed to last 15 years
when work starts next year the fuel rods
will be transported here where they will
be cut and packed for long-term storage
it's projected to take 8 to 10 years for
all of the rods to complete the journey
now we're entering the main hot cell
this is the heart of the facilities were
all the real technology and processing
starts with very radioactive fuel and
behind me is a very complicated what's
called a damaged fuel table so you have
specialist manipulators here you have
the ability to twist a drill to fix the
weld to reconfigure it's like an
operating table for nuclear fuel
can I use it
this is nuts mate you can pick this up
with these the century's worth of
maintenance that the site will require
underscores one thing about Chernobyl
that hasn't changed it's still a pillar
of the region's economy
Danny's Gaddafi is training to be a
crane operator with the confinement
y'know that of what I saw in the tactic
he'd used to me Connie Disney's mediator
quick analog of human ear to washing
Kato soda pop ice tea robot on some
dilution was now jobs connected to the
plant continued to be one of the only
sources of income in the region even if
workers have to live farther away than
they did 40 years ago after the Soviet
Union evacuated Pripyat many of the
residents went to slow boot egde built
from scratch outside the 30 kilometre
exclusion zone
it became the new home for displaced
workers they've made that hour-long
commute to maintain the plants for more
than three decades the nice is part of
the new generation
is it deirdre bottle but good items
comes on it you saw was the greatest
answer and how do you feel about the
fact Ukraine is about to take over
operations that you know what do you
think they're ready we are done work
that
later a sheet of it
479 pages were handed to us Lake
friday-night Republicans race to make
good on decades of promises to rebuild
the nation's tax code in the image of
small government social conservatism and
trickle-down principles and by early
Saturday morning the Senate had passed a
tax bill the tax cuts and Jobs Act as
amended is passed the high-speed process
left little time for lawmakers to even
read the bill let alone for their
constituents to have a say in how
they'll be taxed evan McMorris Santoro
has more representative James comer had
the dubious honor of being one of the
few House Republicans we could find
actually holding a town hall on the day
he had to fly to Washington to vote for
a tax bill he likes a lot but doesn't
love the low-income blue-collar people
in this first district by the estimates
that I have been given will not pay any
federal tax comer is a first term
congressman from a district that's not
up for grabs in 2018 this is a
Republican place president Trump wanted
by over 60% in the last election comer
won it by over 70 percent but the chance
to talk about the tax bill with the
Republican congressman brought out what
few angry progressives you can find
around these parts Kentuckians there's a
lot in this massive hastily put together
tax bill that people don't yet know
about and that makes them nervous
especially because a lot of the stuff
they have heard about they don't like
here's what has to happen now members of
the House members of the Senate have to
meet to squash together their versions
of the bill and create one that both
houses of Congress can pass that's
called a conference committee that can
make for very awkward politics for
example the House version of the bill
eliminates a popular tax deduction for
medical expenses the Senate version of
the bill keeps it I'm gonna try to say
that the health care
deduction gets put back in there I will
probably vote for the bill regardless
there are a lot of things various
Republicans wish were in the bill a lot
of things varies Republicans wish
weren't in the bill but regardless of
what's in or what isn't most Republicans
are gonna vote for it anyway
comer likes what this bill is trying to
do the goal is to try to eliminate all
the tax credit and then just lower the
rates drop the rates and try to help
everyone and there were people at this
town hall who'd like to bill - as long
as it keeps those big tax cuts for
businesses I am a corporation I'm a
little guy I'm a little I would be
considered a little mom and pop
organization if we can make a little bit
more money we can keep a little bit more
of the money that we created and the
jobs that we created if those people can
keep a little bit more of their money
and not the government then I'm fine
with that
but plenty of Republicans who aren't
from places like this whose districts
aren't as secure as comers are gonna
vote for this bill anyway - this tax
bill is less popular than Obamacare when
Obamacare passed and Obamacare was not
popular when it passed it's also less
popular than george w bush's first round
of tax cuts not the popularity matters
much in the current climate what most
republicans are betting is that doing
something anything is easier to run on
than slowing things down to take care of
some specific concerns of their
constituents you know history will
determine whether this was a good bill
or not when 80% of the people in my
district take the standard deduction and
we're double in the standard deduction
there's no question eighty percent of
the people in the district are getting a
tax cut
period
lately the tiny American island of Guam
has been threatened with annihilation by
kim jeong-hoon but it's already been
overrun by a foreign enemy brown tree
snakes the snakes likely arrived on the
island on a cargo ship or military
aircraft in the 1950s and now outnumber
people on Guam by ten to one every
effort to eradicate the invasive species
has so far failed vice news went on a
night hunt with a biologist who's
tracking down brown tree snakes one by
one
it's estimated here on Guam that there's
anywhere between one to two million
snakes Guam has no native snakes to the
native animals had no way to react to
such a predator they didn't know what it
was so with no way to stop that snake it
just came in and spread over the entire
island so there are several species of
birds that are no longer found here on
Guam at all all the ones that were here
are gone the forest just completely
changed all the native species are so
much rarer than they used to be one of
the things that we look for when we're
looking for snakes is our light
reflecting off of their shiny scales it
can be really difficult right after a
rain because everything's shiny this
one's gonna be super easy to catch you
hear on Guam nobody likes the brown tree
snake they eat their chickens they eat a
small cat so they're they're a real
nuisance to people in their home life
they'll get in your house there have
been reports in the past of them coming
up through the toilet which is
terrifying the goal of the USGS is to
eradicate the brown tree snake to do
that they need to understand how the
snakes behave after they catch them if
they take them to a lab where the
implant tracking devices inside each
snake so they can study their movements
the data is then used for various
methods of eradication such as placement
of traps and poison we're good we're
doing what we call morphine of these
things we're collecting data on their
size their weight the gender of the
snakes so brown tree snakes are
technically venomous they're just not
really any threat to someone my size or
an adult person a visual check for the
male is just kind of roll and express
and that tube that pops out is a Hemi
peen
so that indicates it's a male
these containers are what we're housing
are snakes in for surgery right now
before surgery they're in there they've
got a little water they've got a place
to hide so that they kind of can feel
safe in this stressful environment we're
using ISO chlorine
it's a inhalable anesthetic and put the
snake's head in this end and it's gonna
start inhaling that in anesthesia so
when they're completely under will have
that amount of time 15-20 minutes
however long just do the surgery so I'll
go ahead and start with
a small incision
and we'll take our transmitter you just
slip it inside the body cavity just like
that
so the transmitter itself is less than
5% of the snakes total body weight has
to be small enough that it's not going
to add a significant amount of weight to
the snake itself we're ending the
surgery by putting in a few sutures and
closing the incision at the transmitter
site we're gonna move the snake over to
the recovery area I'm gonna put this
tube in the glottis and give it a couple
of breaths and this helps get any left
over isoflurane anesthesia out and
simulate a breathing response and the
snake will monitor it for a while to
make sure it starts breathing on its own
again and then early next week we'll let
it go back into the wild where it was
caught and we'll start our telemetry
study tracking them out in the wild so
it's definitely working and you can hear
like as we get farther away he was
fighting fighting the more that we know
about these individuals the easier it is
to find control methods to help suppress
them or eradicate them I definitely
think that we can get the snake
population to a point where native
species can be reintroduced
that's why see you tonight for Monday
December 4
you
