the Christmas parade in Selma Alabama
this year was a political affair Doug
Jones didn't miss the historical
significance of the Senate whenever I
come to Selma I feel a special
relationship with the city because of
the civil rights heritage here Jones is
a former US Attorney he prosecuted the
KKK members involved in the 16th Street
Baptist church bombing that killed four
black girls in the 1960s the case is his
greatest professional achievement and a
centerpiece of his campaign we were able
to convict two old Klansmen for the
murder of those four children fire rose
Turay is a longtime civil rights
activist from selma who's working to get
out the black vote she took us to a part
of Selma where parades and politicians
don't usually go this part of Selma
Selma
a major point seller it looks like this
and so many of our elected officials you
know like when I was growing up my mom
would say put on your best clothes
so the best for the house is
unfortunately want to show the best of
Selma to stand that what they don't
realize is if people don't see the
poverty they can't respond to it being
ignored isn't new to the residents V
Selma and it's made them cynical about
the political process landable
yeah okay well you do you think most
people in the neighborhood would vote
tell the truth no just don't want to be
bothered and they don't want to be
bothered because they don't see the
conditions of their lives changing there
are no jobs there's nothing to do
so basically what a only thing they deal
with pay these streets playgrounds
closed down you just look at the
neighborhood it is going down Jones is
doing your traditional black voter
outreach visiting some african-american
churches and neighborhoods appearing
with prominent community leaders like
Randall Woodfin Birmingham's popular new
mayor document Alberto Jones but that's
the crux of Jones's problem Democrats
have done this type of campaigning for
decades and many black voters don't know
what makes doug jones different from the
generation of democrats that preceded
him why did people vote for him but
nobody's excited about Doug Jones Jones
has placed some ads in black media but
Piatt says they're not enough and she
thinks that's intentional I think the
reason why they don't advertise on black
radio and like newspapers if they don't
want to turn off white voters the fear
there is that if you focus too much on
black voters white Republicans that
might be up for grabs could turn out you
have the mentality here in Alabama and
throughout that black people deserve
where we are and that unspoken belief
that we are the inferior race permeates
politics education and that is a real
devastating problem that we
and Jones needs moderate white
Republicans turned off by Roy Moore to
win so while he has proposals for
criminal justice reform and speaks up
about civil rights my whole career has
been about equality and justice he also
aired this ad three times Colonel
William Oates of Alabama led the
Confederate forces which equated
Confederate on Union soldiers two sides
believing so strongly in their calls
that they were willing to die for it and
he's cautious when talking about race
died you talk about yourself as a
unifier who's dealing with these kitchen
table issues but don't black and white
Alabamians face different issues of
course they do of course they do but I
see that of course they do but they also
face more issues in common they face
issues of healthcare they fish issues of
Education they face issues of jobs all
of that now they do it no no okay
they do it in varying degrees for sure
obviously the unemployment here in the
black belt is greater than it is in the
city of Birmingham so we can address
those issues but the core issues the
core issues are the things that we have
in common and that's what we're
stressing so I don't think for questions
like that for those are the divisive
kind of questions that we don't need to
have in Alabama we don't need to have
the questions about that people respond
to
it's just that affect their lives so you
just can't walk up to your house and say
oh are you gonna vote for Doug Jones and
Hecker's Doug Jones of course I know
Doug Jones yes I know that he prosecuted
the Klansmen for killing those four
precious girls but that's not enough to
make people want to vote for you what
are you gonna do for me now
you
