tonight Trump's Jerusalem bombshell
Russia gets iced from the Winter Games
and cryptocurrency meets hello kitty
Congressman John Conyers said today that
he's retiring Conyers the
longest-serving current House member has
been plagued by a wave of sexual
misconduct allegations which he denies
Conyers made the announcement in an
interview with a local radio station in
Michigan the 88 year old endorsed his
son to replace him but in a family twist
Conyers his great-nephew says he plans
to run for the vacant seat Special
Counsel Robert Mueller's Office
subpoenaed Deutsche Bank for records
linked to Donald Trump and his family
according to multiple reports it
suggests Muller's investigation into
Russian meddling in the 2016 election
may be reaching the president's finances
members of trumps family including Jared
Kushner are also clients of Deutsche
Bank which is reportedly lone Trump at
least 300 million dollars and may have
extensive records of his holdings and
transactions in a statement to Bloomberg
the bank said it quote always cooperates
with investigating authorities in all
countries president Trump's personal
attorney claims no subpoena has been
issued or received the Department of
Homeland Security says the number of
people caught trying to cross the border
illegally drop to its lowest level in 46
years and that both deportations and
arrests at the border declined this
fiscal year compared with 2016 but far
more immigrants were arrested within the
United States in part because the Obama
administration largely limited immigrant
arrests to people who had committed
serious crimes
the saudi-led Coalition in Yemen
launched multiple airstrikes overnight
targeting Houthi buildings in the
capital
a day after Houthi forces killed the
country's former President Ali Abdullah
Saleh Saleh had been an ally of the
Houthis until this weekend when he
announced he had switched sides
despite the strikes the iran-backed
Houthis claimed they were tightening
their control of the capital and crowds
of their supporters took to the streets
to celebrate solarz death in a dramatic
chain of events the former president of
Georgia broke free from Ukrainian
custody after his supporters blocked the
van carrying him away security forces
had pursued mikhail saakashvili
up to his rooftop where masked agents
initially succeeded in detaining him
Ukrainian officials say they want to
question Saakashvili about alleged ties
to criminal groups linked to former
ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych
Saakashvili has accused Ukraine's
current president of failing to fight
corruption and today called for more
protests against the leader
President Trump will make a major
announcement on Israel tomorrow after
reports today that he told confidence in
the Middle East that he's planning to
recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital
and relocate the US Embassy there from
Tel Aviv the American Embassy has stayed
in Tel Aviv for decades for a reason
because with Israel and Palestine both
laying claim to Jerusalem it's the third
rail of the Middle East peace process
and no US president has wanted to touch
it until now
we will move the American Embassy to the
Eternals capital of the Jewish people
Jerusalem moving the embassy there would
fulfill one of trumps campaign promises
but it also poses serious consequences
for future negotiations as news of
trumps plans developed the Palestinian
Authority warned of repercussions
protests are expected as early as
tomorrow
and the US government told its employees
to stay away from flashpoint areas
including Jerusalem's Old City amid all
the talk of the u.s. moving its embassy
from Tel Aviv to the city there's an
American outpost here that some say has
been serving that purpose in all the
name vineyards that's the consulate here
this is the US consulate in a no man's
land neighborhood in Jerusalem what do
you think it would take to turn that
into an embassy only a sign and there
you go you moved the embassy to
Jerusalem Hodja Toughman is an activist
who monitors Jewish settlements in the
West Bank and East Jerusalem
she thinks the controversy of the
embassy is a sideshow compared to the
prospects of President Trump declaring
Jerusalem as Israel's capital moving the
embassy is just a symbolic act it
doesn't really matter where physically
they sit this issue of Jerusalem is one
of the most delicate issues that is in
conflict between Israel and the
Palestinians you cannot just come one
sided and declare that Israel got it and
the Palestinians did not get
it's killing your possibility to be an
actor in the West Bank Palestinians have
already been preparing for that
possibility dr. Nabil Chev is an advisor
to the Palestinian president he's been
filled in constant calls from Arab media
and lobbying foreign ambassadors to at
least try to stop any changes from
during three in the last three days
there is no question except what are you
going to do if mr. Trump doesn't now our
president is calling every Arab leader
and many international leaders for
example it just called the Putin he
talked to mr. background
shaft sees this is the end of the u.s.
role in the peace negotiations the u.s.
is a player that you cannot just cast
assigned in this process I mean that
that's not a realistic approaches I mean
what what is there that you can work
with we are not going to war with the
United States we have not started a
problem of the United States the
President of the United States stepped
on the single most risky an important
part of the peace process to us
Jerusalem is a holy place to us
Jerusalem is the single most important
spot in Palestine if you step on that
you've changed the the parameters that
everybody had respected up till this
moment including all American president
up till this moment so instead of Trump
and Cashman to the rescue it could be
Vladimir Putin or King Abdullah of
Jordan or Morocco's King or almost
anyone else if it said the United
Nations sponsored this process we will
go even if it was sponsored by the
Russians and the Chinese we will go but
with the United States with mr. Trump
with his rail we will not go to us he is
finished as a man who can bring in the
the deal of the century of the mother of
all deals or whatever he called it he's
out from that old city of Jerusalem
there's a sense of triumph among those
on the Israeli right Oren has an has
been dubbed the Donald Trump of the
Knesset
he's a lawmaker with Benjamin
Netanyahu's Likud Party and a hit with
conservative Israelis for his outspoken
views for Hassan Palestinian warnings
that the peace process is dead shouldn't
be taken seriously that's gonna be the
end of the peace person you see me is
laughing you know they just try to scare
us they will never let the beast forces
die because they leave form the peace
forces they get money they get donation
it's staged they get media they get
everything the piece versus if the piece
pauses is dying
the Palestinian Authority dine with him
Stan is a different president a lot of
people promise before he will be the one
that will do it at keep his promise by
apparently making good on his campaign
promise Trump may have just put himself
at a disadvantage in pulling off the
deal of the century the International
Olympic Committee took an unprecedented
step today it banned Russia from the
2018 Winter Olympics in response to the
country's systematic doping of athletes
as an athlete myself I'm a feeling very
sorry for all the clean athletes from
all NoCs
who are suffering from this manipulation
countries have been banned from the
Olympics before Germany and Japan
weren't allowed to participate in the
1948 Olympic Games in London because of
their role in world war two South
Africa's apartheid system disqualified
it from the Olympic Games from 1964
until 1992 and of course there's a long
list of juiced up athletes who've been
barred from competition individually but
banning an entire country for doping is
a first and so was the level of Russia's
cheating the results of the IOC 17-month
investigation were released today and
confirmed the previous findings of the
world anti-doping agency that probe
found that Russian officials supplied
more than a thousand athletes across
more than 30 sports with
performance-enhancing drugs between 2011
and 2015 the doping scheme reached its
apex at the 2014 Winter Olympics in
Sochi Russian intelligence agents helped
swap athletes dirty urine samples with
clean pee through a hole in a laboratory
wall which helped the country rack up 13
gold medals four of them were revoked
after the caper was revealed but Russia
did walk away with the title for the
biggest Olympic doping scandal of all
time
Russian officials have claimed that
there is no proof of systematic doping
and as part of today's ruling individual
Russian athletes will be allowed to
compete if they can prove their adhering
to strict drug testing regimens but they
won't win a Russian uniform the
country's anthem will not be played in
the Olympic Stadium in Pyeongchang and
Russian officials will not even be
allowed to attend the games
for over 25 years Oklahoma has locked up
more women for drugs and drug-related
crimes than any state in the country
these days more and more of those prison
stands stem from opiate addiction many
of these women have kids and re-entry to
society not only means a risk of relapse
but a long battle to regain custody of
their children
Oklahoma offers little support to repair
these broken families but one community
is trying to change the perception of
addicted mothers by giving them a fresh
start
how did you react because here's the
deal that's important right you know
maybe that's something that you need to
talk to your counselor about yeah I have
an appointment
I'm Thursday so it's all things that we
grow through what you don't grow in your
comfort zone that's right I was a
comfort I've had to learn that the hard
way many many times when a woman gets
sentenced to prison she has about two
choices when she is getting ready to get
out of resuming either she can return to
where she left or she can go into a
transitional program and hopefully get a
new start
I do random bunch ex journal checks hold
them accountable for signing in and out
of the house making sure they're fair to
each other they treat each other like
sisters I have a little bit of a
shopping problem apparently I know I'm
here romaine it's called the shopping
addiction yes it is an addiction when
you come in everyday with bags more than
anything I know where these girls are I
felt it I've been there I ended up
losing custody of my kids I abandoned
him over what started out to be a pill
addiction my pill use was not okay you
know I was using and abusing pills
chopping him up on the dresser lining
him up we don't have enough transition
homes in the state of Oklahoma to
address the need we house 30 women in
Claremore and we constantly have a
waiting list
I can only manage what I've got going on
in front of me right now which is a
train and of course because we're in
Claremore and there's five million
trains
I came to Claremore because I didn't
have a lot of options I was released
from the Eddie warrior Correctional
Center in July and while I was there I
applied to I think like 14 sober living
homes and I got a response from two and
they were both faith-based
the work job training component of our
housing is seabreeze copy house so women
come into our program that may have a
challenge getting employment elsewhere
because of their criminal past and
there's no way a woman can get out of
jail stay out of jail stay out of prison
and get her children back if there's no
chance of employment it's taken this
entire community to help these women's
lives get turned around we have the
lemon bar butter bar and the cappuccino
brownie
the lemons my favorite but the butter
works good too
we're storm chasers storm fitters
my goal with my son is just to be an
active part of his life my active
addiction pretty much stole his
childhood away from me and I find it so
disheartening that only the super
determined find a way out of the black
hole that addiction is it's very much
we're just a family I know that I
probably overdosed at least three times
I don't know how people do it that don't
come to sober living today I struggle
with not having my kids I was supposed
to get my kids tomorrow and I'm not
going to for some lame reason which I'm
okay with that
whatever I'm not in control of that I
know that when time's right I'll get my
kids back so that's it that's all thanks
for letting me share I didn't get to see
my son last week and I don't know if my
ex-husband is gonna let me see him this
week just because of everything that's
going on it would just really do me some
good I would just do my soul some good I
believe that most addict moms in
Oklahoma regret that they have chosen
drugs over their children but in reality
drug addiction will make you two strikes
over your children we thank you for
doors that are open and doors that are
closed Lord like a mom I love them right
wrong or indifferent and if they're
honest about things and and if they just
can be responsible and submit to the
ways of this new life that I'll walk it
out with them as long as we're together
in this house we just ask all of these
things in your precious name Amen
why are you so holding my hand you
weirdo come on
you might think cryptocurrency is just
for drug dealers and rich tech guys
paranoid that a pitchfork wielding mob
is going to take all their normal money
but it's also for people who like
breeding imaginary cats people just like
you and me
crypto kitties is a game played on the
Assyrian blockchain with ether the
second biggest cryptocurrency after
Bitcoin you can buy and sell cats or
breed them to make a new cat or rent
them out to breed it makes kitty DNA a
kind of metaphor for blockchain each cat
has a unique digital identity and from
that it gets its unique features like
green eyes or spots cadiz with rare
traits are more likely to have rare
traits in their offspring though cheap
common kitties can in theory be bred to
produce a rare and expensive cat
we spoke to dieter Shirley co-founder of
crypto kitties at game developer axioms
in the transformation of the 90s and the
early 2000s was that suddenly things
that used to be scarce like music and
written content were suddenly infinitely
copyable blockchain makes digital
scarcity possible Bitcoin came along and
said well what if we made it so some
things are digital they're not instantly
possible and in the case of aetherium it
was the idea was well what what other
things can we do people have spent about
five million dollars on cryptic kitties
since the game launched November 28 it's
so popular it slowed down aetherium at
one point yesterday accounting for 14%
of all transactions on the network
according to crypto kitty sales a site
that tracks money spent through the game
through publicly available information
the most expensive cats sold for more
than a hundred and seventeen thousand
dollars overall more than 32 thousand
cats have been sold I started seeing
people flipping them within a few hours
for 100% profit that number and just
astounds me to donors if but in a weird
way I'm not surprised either digital
scarcity is
extremely knew the fact that the
catechize team made them look so cute
and each one is unique this crazy astute
absentee that need to collect something
interesting and owners actually earn it
de la riviere says there are broader
implications than a neat cat gimmick if
this goes beyond just crypto keys to any
big company like Disney or anything else
it could be much much more surprising
and weird that's monkey
baby monitor I Oh
that's fantastic they'll love jazz to a
major degree the whimsical miss of how
light a melody could be over some really
intense progression and changes it's a
lot of content to process which I love
as you could tell she can really sing
because she's doing a bit of vocal runs
it's nice that people still make music
like that you know what I'll be doing to
this song I could be eating straight soy
sauce making out with my cat messing
with the lights it's like I got a
bullhorn it made a call from me blasting
the bullhorn like this is fantastic
some gunshots feels like I'm about to
meet Thor that was a pretty intense
intro it's nice good solid walking to
the club and order a triple shot that
reminds me of the cool scene in a movie
where it's that one guy is finally gonna
get to have sex with that girl it's like
super bad makes me want to chop stuff
with a sword or stare my cat in the eyes
forcefully is a safe trip
the harmonies it was cool dream pop
music the first thing that always comes
to mind ever is like would Frank Zappa
do it is like he causes friend like hey
man I gotta talk to you I found a dick
in my girl's phone and then that song
starts who is it Sufjan Stevens oh wow
okay I like it because it's you know the
simple playing and singing I do like
that but I still feel like you got
cheated on that's vice news tonight for
Tuesday December 5th
you
