in winter of 2016 a young woman's body
was found burning in the alley somewhere
in this area behind these homes one was
found here one was found a few blocks
away few blocks that way and further
south might be where you find another
story Micky Kendall was born and raised
in Chicago she's a well-known feminist
author who has spent much of her adult
life fighting for police accountability
where most of the bodies bound in sort
of spaces like this
Chicago locks room long and not that
wide but they're pretty long if you're
in the front of the house and it starts
behind your garage you might have no
idea what's happening until you smell
the smoke by which point there's not any
evidence left and with no police patrols
you could literally get away with murder
and people are in November 2007 two
women were found strangled in burning
dumpsters near Washington Park on the
south side they've been killed within 48
hours of one another those cases and at
least four others we found over a
10-year period were never solved
the default right now is just looking at
all of the murders this century's Tom
Hargrove is also a Chicago native and
the co-founder of the murder
Accountability Project a database that
tracks unsolved murders around the
country Tom and his partner a retired
FBI agent built an algorithm that allows
him to identify and track patterns and
homicides
what is your algorithm show you about
pattern killings in Chicago the
algorithm is signalling Red Alert that
there have been far too many
strangulation murders mostly of African
and American women whose crimes went
unsolved no arrest was made but tracking
unsolved murders isn't an easy task
cities and states are not required to
report their clearance rates that's a
percentage of murder salt is there a
link between a low clearance rate and
the prevalence of serial killers I can
tell you that a killer is more likely to
get away with a series of murders in a
place that has a low clearance rate if
you do a poor job catching killers
you're gonna do a poor job catching
serial killers what what is the
incentive for a state to not report its
murderous statistics the data may not
make you look good
as it turns out was the case in Illinois
Illinois has the worst clearance rate of
any state in the nation unsolved murders
aren't anything new in Chicago the city
is solved less than 20% of its murders
over the past 30 years the number is a
bit hazy because Chicago stopped
reporting their clearance rates in 1995
by comparison other major cities like
Los Angeles and New York report
clearance rates at about 70 percent
there are other cities that have
neighborhoods like this that are
low-income and mostly black but the
clearance rate in those neighborhoods
are still pretty high like 50 to 70
percent like what is it about Chicago
where they have such a low clearance
rate as a longtime resident I am not
seeing a lot of effort on actual crime
solving it you know there you're not
seeing cops out in these neighborhoods
knocking on doors and actually talking
to people most the time when you see the
police they're harassing you right if
you hear on the news that someone has
been harmed shot killed whatever and
then you hear the phrase the victim was
gang affiliated the victim was standing
near someone gang-affiliated
as far as the cops are concerned no
humans were involved but at a certain
point you have to start asking who's
putting bodies in garbage cans this be
an important question if people don't
trust police if people don't talk to
police if witnesses consider police to
be the enemy why should you be surprised
when most of those murders go unsolved
you keep your eyes wide shut and you get
what you get over the course of two
months we tried repeatedly to contact
the Chicago Police Department about the
murders they denied our request for an
interview but confirmed their low
clearance rates today before this piece
was slated to air they offered a series
of bizarre conflicting statements but in
the end they said quote based upon what
CPD detectives know as part of their
concurrent investigations into the
separate homicide incidents highlighted
by Vice news
there is absolutely no information to
suggest that this is the work of an
active serial killer to conclude
otherwise without detailed case
information no my detectives would be
hyperbolic and careless you hear about
like two bodies you think you're nuts
when it gets to six and you're hearing
stories about other bodies you start to
think that probably not the most common
method of settling a drug dispute right
like this isn't someone got shot this
isn't someone was choked or punched this
is not a common way in which someone
dies they're literally stripped naked
and stuffed in a garbage can and then
set on fire that seems really specific
why did the police not go into that
community and say hey they're a bunch of
women that were found strangled in
burning dumpsters perhaps you should be
more careful for a lot of reasons they
don't want to cause panic they don't
also want the increased scrutiny that
announcing that we have a serial killer
brings still the Justice Department
recommends that when a serial killer has
been detected that a public warning be
issued so let me issue a warning I
believe that there are probably more
than one serial killer active in Chicago
you
you
