when did it become a goal for you to get
on SNL I mean it was you know one of
those things that was just like whenever
I we started doing sketch kind
especially at Nickelodeon we were always
like yeah we would like to you know the
kids and that would be great to get on
there one day we never think it would be
possible looking at the show now the
show looks a lot more like all that did
back in the day in terms of its young
and its really diverse mm-hmm yeah it's
young and very diverse even behind the
scenes like they hired a bunch of new
writers and like it's very mixed
cultures it's very cool
what do you think that's we think that's
gonna do for the show I mean it can only
be you know a positive thing you know I
mean it's gonna you know the people that
love the show before
it'll still be that same show it was
just has like all these new things to
present to people that they might not be
aware of or even know about what was it
like when you first started that's gonna
be real stressful it's just a lot to
take in
you know especially if you're a fan of
it it's like oh wow now I'm on this show
like is it still the same great show you
know me like I have our tarnished it in
any way you feel that instant for sure
really yeah I mean you just you have a
hard time feeling worthy maybe because I
was young coming into it and I didn't
have a lot of like improv theater type
of experience necessarily or stand-up
experience the first time somebody wrote
a sketch for me I tanked the out of
it live yeah I mean live enough it was a
dress rehearsal it was just like this
random bellhop character okay and then I
had this one line that I flubbed like
super hard I didn't even get the line
out I flubbed it that hard and it was so
quiet and you can just hear this one
lady like above and in the balcony and
the audience like oh because I mean it's
it's an environment where if you don't
have material that somebody feels like
can make the cut yeah you just not on
the show that week for sure
that happened you know a few times
really when you're gonna have a couple
of things and they both get cut you know
then you left with nothing basically
just waving goodnight thanks for coming
out and enjoying everybody else what did
that feel like
doesn't feel good that smells like one
of those careered launch pads and then
it's like okay well if I'm not launching
off the pad right you know I mean like
what am i doing sinking that's not a
great family it's definitely like sink
or swim and you want to swim like I know
how to swim swim on my back I got to ask
you what what's it gonna take for us to
get a full-length what up with that it's
half hour Oh like it's own show yeah
that would be fun some people like would
you make that movie works show it works
what's it gonna take somebody who spends
money on it it'd be super fun
yes you know we have to bring all those
elements back you got to have the whole
crew back to do it yeah those are like
the elements that make it what it was
you've been on is it season 15 for you
yeah 15 what I mean what keeps you what
keeps you here man because like I said
this it's a grind and you're you're like
hustling all the time just to get stuff
on it sounds like it sounds it sounds
stressful yeah and I get that and you
know a lot of that is what you put on
yourself in my opinion because now not
you the only one up there you know guys
a deal hundreds of people up there so
you're never alone in it if you feel so
isolated so all alone in it you're
probably doing it wrong and well yeah
every time I go there there's people
there working I get up and go to work
regardless if it's you know stressful
it's a live show
or not you know it's been the most
amazing training because like at now
everything else seems like a vacation
you come back for 16 see you know it's
it's also nice to like give the new
people their time
and so we got Chris on the show now and
Leslie's been killing it so I don't
really see the point I'm like leaving
steady employment just to go back to
like pitching ideas and I'd waiting on
the network and then waiting or the
studio
mm-hmm I was okay they liked the idea
and they thinking about making a pilot
or it's better if you bring us a pilot
or like all that kind of like hustle of
the game and I've been doing like while
I've been on the show anyway so kind of
like rushing back to it because it'll
always be there like Hollywood's never
going anywhere you know I mean there's
always gonna be like a pitch to put
together for Netflix or something you
know we're looking for that next
audition or you know this is us is
casting you know I'm gonna try out for
that show the no guarantee like I'm not
really excited to just jump back into
like that
