tonight
Bobby's opposition the Senate guide to
surviving sex scandals and SNL's new era
of diversity eight women have accused
Charlie Rose of sexual harassment
alleging that the television host
exposed himself made lewd phone calls
and grope them an incident spanning from
the 1990s up to 2011 Rose told The
Washington Post quote I have behaved in
sensitively at times and I accept
responsibility for that though I do not
believe that all of these allegations
are accurate Rose was immediately
suspended by CBS and PBS says they've
halted production of the Charlie Rose
show earlier today Glen thrush White
House reporter for The New York Times
was suspended from the paper after four
female journalists accused him of
inappropriate sexual behavior in a
statement
thrush said I apologised to any woman
who felt uncomfortable in my presence
and for any situation where I behaved
inappropriately
nebraska has approved a route for the
controversial Keystone XL pipeline the
state's Public Service Commission
greenlit the use of one of three routes
proposed but affected landowners have
yet to be contacted and could present
new legal challenges just last week
another section of the pipeline spilled
more than two hundred thousand gallons
of oil in South Dakota but Nebraska law
states that the Commission can't
consider pipeline safety in making a
decision the Justice Department filed an
antitrust lawsuit today in an attempt to
stop a TNT's 85 billion dollar deal to
by Time Warner which owns HBO and CNN
the suit said the merger would harm
consumers and quote result in fewer
innovative offerings and higher bills
for American families
AT&T calls the suit quote a radical and
inexplicable departure from decades of
antitrust precedent German Chancellor
Angela Merkel is facing a political
crisis after talks to form a coalition
failed last night but says she would
rather risk new elections than rule as a
minority government Merkel's
Conservative Party got just 30 percent
of votes in September elections forcing
her to seek a coalition with the
pro-business free Democratic Party and
the Green Party but the collapse of
those negotiations could trigger new
elections that could further weaken
merkel and destabilize europe's largest
economy
at a rally in New Delhi tens of
thousands of farmers from all across
India demanded help from the government
to erase their debts and to establish
fair compensation for their crops women
and men from over a hundred farmers
organizations carried skulls
representing the thousands of farmers
who have committed suicide and they
condemned what they call the apathy of
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's
government thousands of farmers are here
to say the government must intervene to
protect our interests we need a
guarantee of minimum income the
Argentine Navy says that the crew of its
missing submarine recorded a mechanical
failure last Wednesday but insisted the
failure had nothing to do with the ara
San Juans disappearance the frantic
search of an almost 200 mile area off
the coast of Patagonia has been
complicated by storm conditions and has
entered a critical phase as the subs
oxygen supply runs low
Argentina's president visited the Naval
Base where the vessel was supposed to
return and met with the crews families
Zimbabwe's ruling party had demanded
that President Robert Mugabe
stepped down by noon today and the
leader who's been in power for 37 years
and who's been under military house
arrest since last week went right ahead
and ignored that deadline tomorrow
members of Mugabe zanu-pf party are
scheduled to launch impeachment
proceedings against him as lawmakers and
military brass try to resolve the
political turmoil someone amicably vice
news tonight met with one of Mugabe most
vocal critics pastor Evans melody DS
protest videos on YouTube became hugely
popular on social media they also got
him arrested and forced him to flee the
country at one point but now he's back
to realize that one part about every I
know that the Army is driving it but can
you see we're all here even I know
they've got the same party but for the
first time anyone is included and that's
what matters
you can imagine living is one way we are
not allowed to express our rights
one way we don't have access to basic
rights we don't have clean water I don't
have health we don't have jobs you know
it's a kind of the battle where people
are not allowed to express themselves
free
you know people were asking me last year
when I was a resident this year and they
said aren't you afraid you know and I
said yes I am afraid but let me tell you
who I'm afraid of I'm more afraid of my
children 20 years from now when they
asked me why did you do nothing that is
a more fearful fault
right now we are right in the middle of
the central business district
everyone is marching we're all going to
what state house now and that there is
hundreds of thousands of people on the
streets everyone has come from
everywhere
we don't have to wait for someone tell
us a picture look at it it's a big tree
Mugabi never allowed us to do this and
this time we didn't get his permission
we did it ourselves
this gown is history
we're not sure what the information is
we're told that the general that came
out to address has said that thanks for
coming that is the first step and that
will be more information coming out so
he's asked us to this is the end of an
era
we have never seen anything like this I
mean this is just just incredible John a
setup might really at the same time as
the president of Zimbabwe and as their
commander-in-chief do acknowledge the
issues they have drawn my I mean it was
just it was crazy and like the whole
nation was listening to this thing and
this guy said nothing nothing he was
sitting there with the generals and you
know everybody and when it when it
finished like the whole nation was just
like what what just happened so I think
that you know for the first time there
is a little bit of you know kind of
worried that maybe things are not gonna
go away but you know I think the
optimism is there because you can see
the process already started and you know
the voices are really loud from all the
citizens to say hey look we we don't
want this
today a second woman accused al franken
of misconduct Lindsay men said the
Minnesota senator grabbed her behind in
2010 when he was already in office and
they posed for a photo together Franken
said he feels quote badly that Mis men's
came away from our interaction feeling
disrespected Franken still may very well
keep his seat in Congress and he
wouldn't be the first lawmaker to
survive a scandal there are two main
questions people are asking about
Senator Franken should he stay in the
Senate and can he stay in the Senate
should is really up to him can is an
easy one yes
Franken can stay in the Senate until at
least January 2021 when his term expires
that leads us to a much more important
third question what happens to him if he
states what's life like for a morally
compromised senator in 2004 David Vitter
was elected as a Republican senator from
Louisiana on a platform of Family Values
conservatism he made a name for himself
as a kind of outsider truth-teller type
by the beginning of the 2008
presidential cycle he actually was a
national figure Rudy Giuliani made him a
co-chair of his campaign that year then
in July 2007 Washington was rocked by
the DC madam scandal in which the phone
numbers of men who had used a
prostitution service in the city were
posted online Vitter's phone number was
one of them I want to again offer my
deep sincere apologies to all those I
have let down and disappointed with
these actions from my past a lot of
people call for Vitter to resign for a
lot of reasons Vitter ignored them all
what was left was a senator who could
vote on bills but couldn't talk to
reporters
but Vitter had a plan become
indispensable to the ultra-conservative
right
he immediately like the first day
dropped 15 20 30 bills into the hopper
that were all red meat conservative
politics ones you know expanding gun
rights ending abortion you know just
every hot topic so he very strongly made
a case like hey this scandalous behind
me it's unimportant I'm fighting for the
things that you believe in
in 2010 Vitter surprised a lot of people
by running for re-election he won by a
lot in his second term he joined some
high-profile bills with Democrats and he
got money for a state but he couldn't
shake the DC madam thing he never got
that 2007 mojo back still Vitter was
pretty confident so he ran for governor
in 2015 first his Republican opponents
and then his Democratic opponent
attacked him over the prostitution stuff
even Vitter chose prostitutes over
Patriots Vitter found himself having to
apologize yet again 15 years ago I
failed my family but found forgiveness
and love and this time the voters
weren't feeling it and Vitter got out of
politics after losing that governor's
race Vitter isn't the perfect comparison
to Franken by any means the people I
talked to in Louisiana today said Vitter
probably could have been reelected to
the Senate as many times as he wanted to
had he sought reelection and it's not
clear Franken could win another term at
all now
Franken was growing a national profile
just like Vitter was when that photo on
the plane came out and like Vitter I'll
probably have to give that national
profile up for a while if he wants to
try and ride this thing out
former cult leader Charles Manson died
in a California hospital on Sunday the
convicted murderer was serving life in
prison for his infamous role in the 1969
slayings of nine people in Los Angeles
before his death Vice News spoke with
Jeff Gwynn author of the definitive
Manson biography Charlie Manson will be
remembered as the quintessential
American boogeyman an insane monster who
had the ability to rise up anywhere and
strike at any victim he chose no matter
how famous no matter how supposedly well
protected that isn't in any way the
truth but the mythology is so strong I
think it's just going to last you gotta
realize man all these guys you've been
creating are not really really real life
Charles Manson should remembered as a
blue-collar thug with no redeeming
qualities and as proof that demagogues
are the most dangerous facet of any
society
what is your Sunday usually look like um
I would be sleep so big
with any kiss from last night that you
really like like the casing Jojo wine
was good flying yeah last night and then
you know the hip-hop one was really fun
you have one that you thought you
thought was gonna air I mean it was
close to airing yeah I don't ever think
it's gonna air till he airs it was close
to airing though yeah he's a frustrating
when that doesn't happen
of course you spend the whole week
writing a thing and working on a thing
and no one got to see it Sam J starts
her Sundays a little later these days
now that she's a rookie right on SNL
none of her sketches of aired yet she's
still getting used to writing for other
people
no be white live it up we show delusion
that bothers everybody like it's not
that you gentrified neighborhood is that
what you do you ride around on a
unicycle in a gang territory Sam started
his career as a stand-up comedian in Los
Angeles and she's had her own half-hour
special on Comedy Central she's one of
seven new writers on SNL the show which
premiered in 1975 now has one of the
most diverse staff in its history I just
want to write the stuff I want to make
that kind of like isn't art the show's
not already servicing what's that like
what you know urban culture stuff that
they may not necessarily have their
pulse on gay culture stuff that they may
not necessarily have their pulse on just
Who I am you know what I mean
sno wasn't always the easiest place to
talk about this sort of thing kena
Thompson's been on the show for 15
seasons making him the longest-running
cast member in its history he remembers
when the show was a lot more white for a
long time on the show you were the only
black dude on there yeah I had down for
like six seasons and ol Oh strong strong
was it tough it was lonely really yeah I
buddy I wouldn't say it was tough yeah
it's lonely and you know it's always
lonely being the only one of anything
they'd understand hmm and like I was
still friendly with everybody else like
nobody made me feel like an outsider and
but you do notice diversity in the cast
or the lack thereof has been a topic
that's been surrounding SNL for a few
years and in a weird way
Keenan's had a lot to do with that in
2013 he was quoted as blending the lack
of black women in SNL cast on a lack of
talented black women Kenan says he was
misquoted but the whole thing puts in
public pressure on SNL to hire more
diverse talent but even on his own he
has been helping to bring different
perspectives to the show
first there was one up with that let's
take a look at Final Jeopardy category
and then black jeopardy which in turn
brought in a lot of viewers who might
not have been watching the show before I
can say it's me like when black jeopardy
came out and when I'm watching what up
with that that's when the show really
came I don't want to say came back we
came back from me because I was like oh
speaking more directly to you yeah it
did
yeah and now you know I've always wanted
to have a large hand and in that and
like representing the community very
well in a way that's like yeah we can do
like only black references but it will
be in a smart way where anybody can kind
of get the joke that's kind of like when
I felt like I was like oh that's a big
sketch okay people just kept telling me
and they'll be like a very suburban
white families like that was are the
kind of sketches that I'd go fishing for
that's gonna be the test for Sam
figuring out how to add new cultural
perspective into a mainstream show in a
way that's funny for everyone I've read
and I've heard you say that you you want
to be able to impact culture your embed
I don't know it's not like you get up
and you get onstage you're like I'm bout
to and patch up and I'm about to change
culture that's what I love about comedy
is you're gonna be changed no matter
what period how do you mean meaning you
can't unsee things and you can't unhear
them so how do you do that through SNL
how do you how do you get those
that's vice news tonight for Monday
November 20th
you
you
