Milan is the wealthiest city in Italy
but it's thriving economy has also made
it a target for brazen robberies and
holdups during one bad stretch between
2008 and 2011 more than 2,000 local
businesses were robbed 70% of them by
organized criminal gangs but the Milan
police are fighting back against this
old-school crime wave with a high-tech
solution pharmacies are the top choice
for robbers in Milan with soft security
and lots of cash on hand they represent
more than 40% of the businesses targeted
Rosalia natales pharmacies been worked
five times in six years how big of a
problem is robbery here in Milan where
coca-cola Gallo partly an assumed piece
of you do not appear in the Pens officia
simply say tropical male topology Depina
River it's not Bank away the portal via
collocates a pajama suit adorned in
particular a solution is shown in
pharmacy expenses she sent oh boy
empirical robber hit two pharmacies in
natales neighborhood in recent weeks but
the Milan police think they've already
identified the culprit it's because of a
predictive computer program called key
crime created for the department by rank
and file police officer named Mario
venturi thank you questa Ariston said
though they would be the amake crime
we'd enter Shamoon Quattro persona
equity intervene factor total analysis
should err opinion having no connection
with any visit Zika virtually a bank
I've noticed Niroula pair can you
explain this why do you have it mr.
Morales can represent I'll feel my
famosa Point Break another the premise
area criminally Namba totally zero
Sarah criminally so no quality material
goes to feature Melissa Murphy means
when venturi was assigned to the
property division in 2004 investigators
had to try to solve crimes without the
help of computers
fava Deena Cosimo Karina a
Amata que teníamos eco may record only
Punto pheromone que she in the car okay
as a vimana become impossible
over the next four years and Chuy
enlisted the help of some programmer
friends to design an algorithm to
automate investigation his premise was
that information about past robberies
could predict future ones in 2008
venture he convinced his bosses to put
the software into action and key crime
was born how did you feel when this
technology that you'd made actually
started working la prima Volta para
doesn't meant they start another Luciana
acrimony Avenue toe Ella person access
capita Satoru not emo disappoint over
the dinner voiceover que no la Viva mo
for my immediate invented of the module
topic area mo capital per la prima Volta
Caputo vomiting rather deep river
daredevil criminal for the sake of their
Milan isn't the only city in the world
to use the leasing software the New York
Police Department pioneered the practice
during the 90s with CompStat the key
crime is unique it focuses on
individuals rather than aggregate data
to guide investigations when a robbery
is reported in Cherie and his team
collect all possible information about
the crime and its perpetrators ok Queen
the Queen us a little alarming manner
some data points are obvious by date
time and location using CCTV footage the
officers also make note of more specific
details by clothing tattoos and in which
hand the weapon is used important
takeaways tolerance better algebra as
alarming man Orla brandish a okay each
atom is all D key Kron compares this
information to his database of all
criminal activity in Milan and links
crimes with similarities injuries just
analyzed the latest string of pharmacy
robberies no Vedic way
abbiamo questa subject of a computer do
wave NT criminals e questo è questo
sono the in Agassi sono le pharmacy a a
traversal analysis dealing for math Ione
can be more a call to sue quest acrimony
abbiamo link otto was the UEFA demo
coastal reto necessarily a criminal in
aplicativo cheaper meta dividend of the
questo group of criminal
he crimes analysis tells the officers
that the robber usually strikes
pharmacies in this neighborhood between
4 and 7 p.m. on Wednesdays a special
team of officers led by chief Luca ether
will use the prediction to apprehend him
the momentum in OFDM indicates Jonas war
war war REO Studio B TVA is reject or
intentionally equal P Rioja Mukerjea
corporal C Madonna in campo de Laval G
in Borghese when the sensor jato the GDI
company una novia Pina in calc where
Tierra she's only / - a girl or
restaurant I gave a gigolo Reza he
crowns detailed database has had real
impact on the robbery epidemic in Milan
number of robberies in the city has
decreased by 51% the rate of solved
cases is increased to 60 percent
- the criminals know that you're using
key crime and if they do have you
noticed them trying to modify their
behavior to perhaps try and beat the
system
Chitra key crime cannot shoot molto bene
ambiental Manali the nostra Fortuna yo
co-inventor Toki crime a very difficult
are adding generically trying
you
you
