in Myanmar today Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson met with Aung song su Chi and
urged an investigation into reports of
quote widespread atrocities against the
Rohingya minority since August about
600,000 Virunga Muslims have fled the
Myanmar military and taken shelter in
neighboring Bangladesh
like thousands of her Hindu refugees
Muhammad Husain is getting the first
piece of official ID recognizing his
ethnicity so you can aid software about
them with our bio-data and hit any chair
so he is taking the fingerprints with
left hand first five fingers so data
matrix biometrics is second part picture
on our ship
she departed office per day Canada
Hawaii a bomb individual Kavita
gentleman the ascetic adderall it's
updated multiple protect an individual
complete curricula to follow in seven
makeshift processing centers the
Bangladeshi government is trying to
organize about 1 million rahaga who has
left me in line because identity our
board taki government side take Aikido
harness should you should be that they
obey said she don't attend a hobby but
I'm Raja the other identity Nakayama
Turkish a halogen is Tamara Kaka did she
did she say any step or no polish or
thought been on but there's more to this
effort than making it easier to
distribute aid officials could
eventually use the new database to
streamline the process of sending their
a hinga back to Myanmar so far more than
500,000 refugees have received identity
cards and Bangladesh expects to finish
registering all of them this month who
my own Rasheed's work has already shown
just how valuable a register of people
can be in the chaos of the refugee camp
here's the name of the head of feminine
ok is his wife good edge and another 7
years old and then some 16 years old
the Bangladeshi businessman turned
humanitarian started an informal census
months ago as a way of tracking who
received the aid he was supplying
himself it also enables him to reunite
families who'd been separated when they
ran from the violence at home family
bloody buggery Silla
so just the pollen reformer meter back I
was documented in wonderment avocados
the nobility bill - Salam sit down sit
down any other money that I've even out
of what the actual Iago DV actually we
did not levy idea read nothing basically
basically the had a vision the veranda
have fought being classified in the past
when ID cards were used to persecute
them the government of Myanmar also
known as Burma introduced identification
papers based on a 1982 law that
essentially categorized Ranga as illegal
immigrants denying them rights but
refugees have welcomed the new
Bangladeshi IDs would recognize the
stateless people for the first time
Aaron Mosher Guerrero in Idaho in took
our Arun ararot India very into India up
to Raghavan Rafi they are wrong
ideological that they have a lot of
motion initially the Bangladesh
authorities only listed Myanmar as the
nationality on the ID cards but after
hearing complaints from refugees they
added another worth row hinga
you
you
