that was fun now I forgot where I was
well that's sounding cool is that
Nickelback how are you picking these
songs
yeah that's definitely or damn her voice
is good she's incredible
she could sing the phone book yeah sound
amazing that's like when she sings a
word it's the beginning the middle and
the end are all completely interesting
and worth listening to though magnetic
presence as a singer does these a vocal
effect things that they're obviously
there's even roles and it like that
doesn't sound like any language that I
know all right
demi lovato I've heard that before
what's a sample right it's Kelly
Clarkson oh wow I wish I could sing like
that yeah I don't know what that really
sounds like other than the Monday Night
Football game counselor Sunday night
football whatever whatever football
night she sings ah I think I know that's
the guy right cushion no I think it's
his album comes out the same day as ours
hi dolla sign well whoever it is it's
there's a lot of dimension and they're
like there's a voice that's here in my
own head as at least you've been decided
the number one spot by the way don't you
have a lyric about it's a hip hop world
would that make the record it's it's a
hip hop world and where the furniture or
the furniture what can we say
you
