if you didn't know any better you might
think you're on the set of a cable
network television show but this show
only broadcasts on YouTube rhett
mclaughlin and link Neal are the hosts
of the most watched Daily Show online
rhett and Link have been best friends
since the first grade and they've been
making YouTube videos for over 10 years
welcome to our lair this is my album
collection just Merle Haggard yeah we're
we're both like diehard and Merle
Haggard fans they drive to work together
they share an office space and sometimes
they get on each other's nerves it's
kind of moved beyond friendship at this
point it's like we're like an old
married couple yeah it's bicker but but
our goals are very much aligned rhett
and Link have produced over 1500
episodes of good mythical morning the
show has over 12 million subscribers on
YouTube and more than 3.7 billion total
views is that a cherry or an eyeball man
I'm not even now they've been doing so
well
YouTube's decided to invest in making
the show even bigger tell me about the
expansion of the show yeah what a great
idea
starting today each good mythical
morning episode is going to consist of
four videos this is the first one and
there are three more waiting for you
right after this one the show's gone
from ten minutes of rhett and Link
sitting on chairs made out of
marshmallows and eating weird food to a
much bigger variety show production
every morning is about 25 minutes of
musical performances celebrity guest
stars and even more weird food forgive
the expression but I think a lot of
people would look at what you're doing
and say oh they're youtubers the making
videos on YouTube this must be easy it's
like you don't call the you know the
duffer brothers and that
Lix errs because they have a show on
Netflix suddenly you get put in the same
boat with a lot of people who are just
oh I this this person just uploads a
vlog from their bedroom every single day
and that's great and that works but
that's not what we're doing you know
like we're trying to create shows and
properties that people can incorporate
into their lives in the way that they
incorporate other forms of traditional
entertainment which is exactly what
advertisers are hoping for
and if rhett and Link want to keep those
advertisers happy they need to make sure
the show stays ad friendly the shows
really family-friendly is that hard to
keep up at all now with the expanded
show we've got guests coming in and okay
they need they got to play in our world
right so even with a musical guest this
morning he had to retake the song
because they asked him to edit out some
of his words don't say it right away the
natural result of doing stuff that
everybody can enjoy is that you know
brands are not scared to work with us
you know we can we can do a lot of
different brand integrations with
products that we that we think our
audience will like and won't you know
kind of corrupt our content which is the
tough thing about being successful in
the internet the bigger the show gets
the more advertisers get involved and
the more it starts to look like
traditional television in the case of
good mythical morning you'd think their
fans would be happy their favorite show
is getting even bigger
but a lot of people don't like this new
format a general logic of the Internet
is do not read the comment section right
and so we don't follow that logic though
because I think our cut our content has
been shaped and influenced very very
heavily by the audience I think this is
our opportunity to just be more candid
it can I tell you to process the
comments and the feedback we're getting
from you guys but also for you to hear
from us more candidly understand that
there was feedback um yeah there's
feedback I couldn't figure out if I was
gonna start crying at one point I
literally like I was like it was one of
those like am i angry am I hurt they
don't think they want it to change but
then they will lose interest if it
doesn't change you know you want to
elevate the content you want we want to
do stupid things in smart way we want to
smart things in a stupid way we get you
and we figured that out what what makes
us proud of our work but also gets the
clicks and that's I don't know it's a
lot of trial and error and we do it
every day
you
