is Donald Trump making colossal mistakes
all the time or is he playing some sort
of three-dimensional chess is this some
sort of psycho three-dimensional chess
wizardly sweet dimensional chess 3d
chess has been shorthand for complex
political strategy for over a decade but
since Donald Trump's rise to the
presidency the term has taken on a new
dimension Trump supporters used the
trope to explain what seemed like an
endless stream of gaffes and policy
disasters and as the gaps grew so did
the hyperbole the president is playing
four dimensional chess like eventual
chess 14 dimensional chess 37
dimensional chess so is Donald Trump
playing 3d chess and is it even a useful
analogy before we can find the answer we
first have to ask an important question
what the hell is 3d chess
3d chess is a lot like regular chess
except that you play on several
different levels the idea was meant to
represent the fact that modern warfare
had landsea and now air elements
different versions were invented over
the years there are dozens of
incarnations of 3d chess today
your mind is not on the game captain
 the most popular version was in
1967 on Star Trek the only problem was
there was no actual rules going on only
later did Trekkies decide they wanted to
make a real game and they reverse
engineered some rules for this very
special chess set for more insight we
found the mastermind behind the world's
most beloved version of
multi-dimensional chess
this is as you can see a very clumsy
piece of dr. Leroy dubeck a chess
master and former president of the u.s.
Chess Federation was hired as a
consultant in the development for the
official rules for Star Trek
tri-dimensional chess I have never had a
passion then or now for 3d chess I got
my check I put away the Star Trek board
and set where it's sat in a closet for
decades you can see from the amount of
dust on it just how many decades if all
you know is 3d chess this doesn't mean
you can dominate someone who's playing
to the chest regular chess as far more
applications in the real world so we
could you show your daddies and
acquaintances I do not think you need to
be a genius to play 3d chess it doesn't
make you any smarter and if you're
really smart you're too smart to play 3d
chess this you see it's a waste is 3d
chess truly useless or is the game's
creator simply failing to appreciate its
complexity is there anyone willing to
stand up as a champion of
multi-dimensional chess
my name is Tony Britton and I run the
Facebook group amateur China internal
chess League this is my humble
tri-dimensional chess headquarters where
I build my chess boards and play out my
games on Thursday nights this is an
illusion a chess board
I saw his designs like wow I can do that
easy easy pan easy if we want to play a
game in the Facebook booth what we'll do
is well start a post and then you just
comment your moves you play on your
board I play on my board until the game
is finished we started this game of
Pacifica's second I use a zodiac
calendar by the way Oh Fifi Gus is the
thirteenth the zodiac just this year
alone we've had 44 members join which is
the most of any one of the years I've
had so far I think when people see the
tri-dimensional chessboard they see the
three levels and they get intimidated by
it
do not let the three boards intimidate
you here we go my rook is protected
through the Queen mm-hmm
one of the craziest things is to wrap
your mind around the dimensions
sometimes you'll be looking at something
you think I can't move that there and
then you're like yes you can or
attacking your queen now if you don't
see it do you
mmm Knight takes rook cuz your knight is
right here right oh that's where it is
see it's so confusing sometimes that's
that the different plane thing I'm
telling you to be really good at 3d
chess you have to be a genius yeah just
like in regular testing whether you're
playing globe chest circle chess three
player chests try dimensional chess you
got to understand the basic concepts of
chess yeah and now the final move and
that's checkmate Wow
while our experts disagree on the game's
usefulness they do see eye to eye when
it comes to Trump's ability to use
almost any kind of chess strategy do I
think Donald Trump would be good at
playing tri-dimensional chess I don't
think so
I don't think Donald Trump will do well
at chess when chess or 3d chess is used
as an analogy for president Trump's
thinking chess players are not
particularly pleased with this
comparison Donald Trump in most of the
things that I've seen do is reactionary
he appears to make impulsive moves and
that can be disastrous at chess I would
love to see Donald Trump sit down at a
chess board there's nowhere for him to
hide when you sit down at a chess board
you no one's allowed to help you every
single decision you make is yours to
bear alone and personal responsibility
is not necessarily his strong suit he
may think he's playing chess but he's
just moving the pieces and saying
checkmate and I'm like wait a minute
timeout that's not how the pieces move
you
