go out there to breach
this is your house anymore
whose right hand I'll pick you up
renounce Minihan is returning home for
the first time since victory was
declared in Meroe during the height of
the battle he and his neighbors tried to
flee the city but their homes were
surrounded by Isis militants but illegal
walk to the industry the warm-up we did
at the night before reaching safety when
I was captured and held hostage by a
local Islamic extremist group with links
to Isis Isis forever do you think that
you'll ever come back to me
it took the Philippines armed forces
five months to reclaim the city half of
meroe was leveled in the process 360,000
people were displaced and at least 1,000
killed
the Stenton here is horrific you can
tell these bodies have been about 20 or
so cadavers in here that they managed to
retrieve from Ferrari today and they're
just taking them out to try and process
them test their DNA just well very men
we need 17 the story 17 but they're
burying 17 today so these are all the
unidentified bodies yeah these are all
the unidentified bodies so are they all
militant civilians and many lives
unjustly the solution in entire London
Absalom Adama Bissell has the grim task
of retrieving and burying the dead many
end up here in these mass graves Sabrina
so 100 bodies living that in detail my
own ksama yo ma boo - boo - skeleton
I think - ah ma 600 bodies nine bodies
are still being removed from the boys
own every day but the battle is far from
over
this is a Muslim majority region prone
to sectarian violence and
anti-government sentiment for several
decades now the state will have to win
people back starting with a few
residents who've cautiously returned to
the
skirts of the ceiling Mohammedan do
nothing
I am Olathe I'm Lee Roth non-union
Dinanath a new p√∫blicas do not know
mati lista there were strict guidelines
on air strikes when it comes to mosques
and other religious structures because
we wouldn't like to spark sectarian
anger when it comes to the Muslim
population in the area but as a result
that meant the war lasted for several
months yes that's one of the factors
first lieutenant Ron Villa Rosa was sent
here to Meroe
to assist with the rebuilding but that
effort has been slow moving because
there's still an unknown number of
militants fighting in the city thusly
remain a threat because they could just
as easily
I'm reorganized to conduct another
another attack inside veracity are you
worried that given that it's taken five
months to complete this battle and
there's still some militants inside that
this could lead to increasing resentment
towards the government and then that
will increase the chances of extremists
returning yes we understand that we're
not just better on people we are
battling ideologies you cannot kill the
ideology you can only render it
irrelevant so long as the trigger
factors are there then it will from time
to time again rice
you
