over the weekend a massive new document'
league showed how the global elite hides
its wealth and uncovered previously
unknown financial connections between
some of the world's most powerful people
reported business links between a member
of the Trump administration and members
of mr. Putin's inner circle the leak
contained millions of confidential files
from a Bermuda based law firm called
Appleby and it was revealed by the same
group of journalists that broke the
Panama papers story last spring this
latest project might be the most
expansive work of investigative
journalism in history the product of
nearly a year of round-the-clock work by
a global network of close to 400
reporters vice news was with them as
they worked in secret what we're doing
is systematically going down looking at
Trump looking at Kushner looking at all
the cabinet appointees looking for hits
these extraordinary stories about
offshore secrecy about a sort of
political scandal unfolding in real time
involving Russia somewhere in those
fires they're mine to be The Smoking Gun
new at 11:00 a huge data leak tonight is
showing how the world's rich hide their
cash million files were leaked from one
of the world's most secretive offshore
companies but the panel members we had
11.5 million documents in biggest
financial League rankings are causing
shockwaves around the world humans will
lead to the German newspaper suddeutsche
Zeitung the leader came to s√ºddeutsche
Zeitung when i source calling himself
John Doe contacted my colleague
questioned and we pretty soon realized
that this is something atomic biggest
data leak in history involving world
leaders Hitler Saudi Arabia Syrian
President Bashar al-assad hiding
billions of dollars in offshore accounts
all of it reportedly funneled through a
law firm in Panama we have a new project
now it's codenamed Athena the new leak
is is again in the offshore world
we received data from a big law firm
whoever be we can't comment on how we
receive the documents we told nobody
about that it's just a small circle of
persons here to touch each item who know
about the nature of the link and they
were supposed not to talk the new leak
contains several millions of documents
emails PDFs Word documents it's also
database files now we have two stator
and it's not machine readable so that
means we can't search within it and we
had to figure out ways how to make it
machine readable part of the problem is
that we're dealing with all the files
virtual images on PDFs
there are weeks of work could that go
into getting everything out of the files
getting data out of the files getting
text out of the files somewhere in those
files they mine to be the smoking gun we
have already found several heads of
states heads of government members of
the Trump cabinet several interesting
Russians people very near to President
Vladimir Putin so this new data offers a
wide range of interesting stories we
also realized that it's going to be too
big for the two of us
so dota came to us because we have the
technical capabilities to tackle a leak
this large ACLJ the mission is to
uncover those urgent stories of public
interest that go beyond what any
particular one journalist or media
organization can accomplish on his or
her own we focus on the parallel economy
that uses the secrecy of tax havens tax
havens provide an extreme level of
secrecy where you can go and create a
company and it would be impossible for
anybody no matter how powerful the
prosecutor can be to obtain that
information the majority of the people
we find are incredibly rich and
incredibly powerful we already have
found that this very early stage at
least two cabinet members from the Trump
administration the Secretary of State
Rex Tillerson and also Wilbur Ross with
the Secretary of Commerce if your
economic mantra is to put America first
then I think it's fair to be asking why
you're doing so much business offshore
people deserve to know
the ICR J model is that we coordinate
and publish all at the same time even if
we have someone screaming from the
rooftops in a particular country we hold
them back as much as possible and say no
wait until we all agree now that we're
sending out the logins bringing onboard
hundreds of journalists and giving them
access to this really sensitive
information that very much feels like
posting an open invite to a house party
when your parents are away on Facebook
like you know who will come and you
trust 90% of them but you're always
wondering is someone gonna slip through
the cracks or will the crazy boyfriend
of someone you know come along and just
wreck the house
could you please all switch off your
cell phones for the whole meeting
because otherwise the electronics will
go mad and due to security reasons so
please switch off your cell phones
welcome to Munich and welcome to studio
chats item the first rule was that we
don't talk about what we are doing that
we don't talk to our friends our
families to our colleagues the second
was that we share everything that we
find out so let's start today this
meeting of this project in this spirit
of cooperation and then I'm sure that we
will have a second
success good luck we are few nails we
have contracts with bank accounts we
have huge databases and as apple peeve
is the offshore provider that works in
various jurisdictions they have 10
offices all around the world here's just
some where they're active it's Bermuda
Cayman Islands currency Jersey Mauritius
Seychelles and Isle of Man my personal
favorite for me personally it's kind of
amazing because there are a few of us
here who have been working on these
types of issues for years you know
really in obscurity and now to see like
a room full of a hundred reporters were
all intensely interested in writing
about this stuff and digging into it you
know is pretty amazing there's so much
in there I keep getting distracted you
see the name that you recognize so then
you go off down a little trail but
that's why this is really great because
somewhere in this room there might be
someone who can actually put that little
piece in the jigsaw puzzle for you
this is my second project working with
ACLJ where I was working on the Panama
papers in in Iceland and the Icelandic
Prime Minister was linked to an offshore
company and we decided to get this first
impressions he can't get us out of
someone and asked give it the Scots
he could need to answer the question so
he walked out of the interview and a few
days later redesigned as a prime
minister this is what journalism should
be about to inform the public so the
public can react and this is good for
any democracy this is where we actually
decide more or less when we're going to
publish so it's very important that you
all take part in this and we all know
that in August it's a dead time to
publish in Europe because pretty much
everyone takes a break it's always bad
time in Lebanon we don't know if we're
having neck cells in the summer so yes
it's definitely preferable if we do with
after September also the New York Times
votes for the first half of October
that's it
we would have preferred the beginning of
July because the Germans normally try to
be ambitious the next possible date
would be the first half of November can
we settle on the fifth I take you to the
kind of most secret bunker I'm not quite
sure why we call it a secret bunker
because it's actually on the fourth
floor and it's quite a nice view which
you'll see hello hi can I introduce you
to Henry Nick Juliette we're like a
little lettuce sell it before the
revolution kind of working in secret
we're dealing with people's private data
here so in order to protect them to
protect the people whose data is here in
our hands we work in a locked room we
use passwords whose encrypted
communication that storage we're
communicating with other genders all
across the globe and that's why these
projects is successful because it ones
swaps information and we share we have a
thing called the iHub which is like a
facebook for investigative journalists
which you can only access with
two-factor authentication when we doing
Snowden all these windows had to be we
didn't have any sunlight we have any
natural life we were told that
intelligence agencies from foreign
powers who were perched in these flats
behind us I don't know you should think
about investigative journalism and we
think about Woodward and Bernstein you
think about meeting deep throat and the
car park at 2:00 in the morning is
making a cigarette I think we've gone
from Woodward and Bernstein to geeks
looking at vast datasets searching away
until the early hours
it's the age of the leak this is just an
email from Jesse Drucker who's working
for New York Times one of the search
terms we're looking at appeared in
Panama papers and there are 3,000 966
hips and so we're now supposed to divvy
up a thousand hits dream the New York
Times the BBC at the Guardian in the IC
IJ the New York Times of the New Kids on
the Block stranger that seems they
didn't do Panama papers or at least they
did they were they were a bit like the
US and the Second World War they were a
little bit late that we've done most of
the research and they sort of came in at
the end this time they're in on the
project from the very beginning I mean
if you you've probably noticed most of
the documents that I've seen so far have
been pretty humdrum legal documents
what's life at a lawfully exactly but
it's not like masa I'd imagine Hilton
carafe to those domes
no thank you it just seems mind-numbing
so these are the top clients in Cayman
but there are lists there for like and
Bermuda and vbi the problem is even if
you get a hit so much of the stuff is so
prosaic yeah but that doesn't matter the
fact that it's prosaic they never say oh
we're gonna steal money open-mike you
yeah he's here
we don't see ourselves as the opposition
we see ourselves as doing scrutiny of
every administration Donald Trump may
choose to you know continue to try to
cast the New York Times as public enemy
number one
generally speaking reporters are not
personalities who are easily intimidated
nor do they like to be intimidated so
that I think just makes people resolute
about doing their job and doing it well
I was taking a look at corporate
aircraft the ownership of planes which I
find interesting because it you often
discover that interesting characters
like a lot of Russian oligarchs wind up
using the services of companies like
Apple beat there's a little bit of a you
know president of the Christmas tree
kind of aspect to mucking around in a
database like this and seeing what you
can find we've been looking at the
relationships between people associated
with the Trump campaign and Russians and
there are a lot of tantalizing leads
what we're doing is systematically going
down looking at Trump looking at Kushner
looking at all the cabinet appointees
looking at all the Trump related
entities looking at all the entities or
who are related Trump business partners
and things like that looking for hits an
ongoing story that I have been looking
at is who are Kushner's partners because
a lot of the money behind the Kushner
developments or Kushner investments is a
mystery we don't really know who his
investors are just typing in the last
name you get four hundred some-odd hits
and you have to sift through every one I
will honestly say that I'm still a
little bit of a loss as to how to deal
with some of those really kind of
gigantic search results maybe there's
some ways our heads together there's no
way to make that work so and I mean
there's no question that at a certain
point some of the stuff will come here
and you'll come up with a storyline that
makes sense but that hasn't happened so
far I'll put in a couple of weeks
there'll be more meat on the bones
so this is a program called Ling curious
which is a way of showing relationships
between people and companies in our data
why don't we start with Rex Tillerson
there is he has two connections if you
click on the Mareb upstream services
company all of these connections are
shown all of the directors and
shareholders are there it's a joint
venture for oil and gas exploration in
Yemen these are some of the Yemen state
companies like the Yemen gas company
that these are joint ventures between
oil majors in the Yemeni State he was a
director of this company the Mareb
upstream services company from March
1997 to March 1998 even though it
operates in Yemen it's incorporated in
Bermuda which is not related to any of
the companies or the operations
but as zero corporate tax rate I
actually think we probably have a better
story with Wilbur Ross because with
Tillerson there's just that one
connection which is for a fairly short
period of time everyone knew he was
there with Ross there's at least a dozen
companies in the data that we see him as
a director I'd shareholder of lettuce
that like first of all obviously seen if
we what documents we knew documents we
may have but also studying you know
going outside of the data and and
connect you know just building a very
robust file this is not an abstract
world of corporate structures and
numbers there are real consequences for
real people
the main victim is the middle class they
are paying for the infrastructure they
are paying for the schools and paying
for transportation and the richest
people in our society have found a way
to skirt a whole bunch of taxis that the
rest of the citizens cannot possibly
avoid there aren't that many
opportunities to really pull back the
veil on the business activities of the
country's most wealthy people I see IJ
does not have an office in New York City
their headquarters are in Washington DC
so I work in a co-working space it's a
small group of people who generally know
each other
mostly reporters but I can't talk about
what I'm doing in their presence hence
why I'm on the roof right now in my
former life as a freelancer I would talk
an awful lot about my work with my
friends my family and I've all of a
sudden gone very quiet which I think
might be a slight relief for him the
story that I'm most excited about
personally right now is about Democrat
billionaire investor and founder of
Renaissance Technologies hedge fund
James Simon thanks a lot for being Iles
glad to be here James Simon's is the
founder of Renaissance Technologies
which is probably the world's best
performing hedge fund it uses very
complex and secret algorithms to mint
billionaires left and right they've
actually patented
a new way of trading really quickly
James Simon's has a trust fund that's
sitting out in Bermuda that pretty much
nobody knows about this offshore trust
is called the Lord Jim Trust in 2009 the
Lord Jim trust was worth seven billion
dollars which is just a staggering sum
to be tucked away offshore
Spencer has just done an incredible job
this is the iHub on Renaissance and you
know this is all new territory for me
accounting you know and you know whether
a pot of cash is accounted for or not
accounted for you know but anyway we
have to be very careful because we don't
wanna be long
I'm gonna just take a look and see what
Bloomberg shows us on the net worth of
assignments from Renaissance so he is
the world's 64th richest person with a
net worth of fifteen point seven billion
dollars this Lord Jim Trust is probably
worth about fifteen or sixteen billion
dollars now at least if Bloomberg or
orbs fortune anybody had ever gotten
wind of the existence of this thing it
would have been a huge story
I find it you know amazing that a pot of
money fifteen billion dollars large
there's absolutely no trace of it in any
filing any anything as appalling as the
wealth gap can be in the world actually
it's even more appalling than we think
because there's all these assets
offshore and the impunity that people
use this and do this and abuse it is is
you know should make your blood boil
I thought it would be helpful for some
of the stories that we were you know
sort of mutually interested in to talk a
bit about you know what our intentions
are today so it seems like what we
clearly have is you know Wilbur Ross is
a significant shareholder in this
company that's making tens of millions
of dollars a year as he sits in office
as Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross is
private equity firm WL Ross & Co is
connected to more than 50 offshore
companies in the data we were able to
trace personal investments by Ross
through four of those companies to a
shipping firm called navigator holdings
when the top clients of navigator is a
Russian energy company called C bore
whose key owners are two prominent
Russian oligarchs Leonid Mickelson and
Gennady timchenko and kiriyama love
who's Vladimir Putin's son-in-law Wilbur
Ross still has a financial stake in
navigator holdings and you know it adds
up when the people who are in charge of
Commerce and International Economics
have connections to offshore business
dealings it tells you a lot about the
kind of economic advice that Donald
Trump is likely to be getting the way
sasha has crafted now is like pretty
pretty much dead on Ross does have this
fairly interesting to say the least
the relationship with some wealthy
Russians who are very well-connected in
in Moscow I pulled these earnings calls
from navigator holdings and the CEO is
talking about how they're making all
this money because Russia is exporting
so much gas to Europe and they're saying
by the way and we're making this money
in direct combat
with US exports Jessie anything you
wanted to mention I've been working with
Spencer on this you're an ilknur story
about investments that appear to be
bankrolled by either VTB which is a big
Russian bank or Gazprom invest holding
he sort of raises questions about his
connection to the government and what
role if any the government has in the
investments that he's making here in the
US I mean it seems like if you're doing
Millner on the multinational story again
I was like just just you're doing those
two feels very challenging I mean I
think just you know keep plugging away
at it for the next couple buds
there'll be something good there's kind
of a urban flow to story ideas jesse is
also working with Simon Bowers who's on
our team they've uncovered particular
multinational tax avoidance schemes
I have ten year old twin boys at a very
small house
they're jumping over every square inch
of that house and driving me crazy so
I've moved out into the yard there's
some peace and quiet
but of course they follow immediately
you know they want to know what goes on
in the woodshed the sweeping narrative
is that this offed your law firm caters
to all sorts of clients wanting any
range of services one particular type of
client is a big multinational who wants
to structure their Affairs so that more
of its profits arrive in low tax
offshore jurisdictions from a
storytelling perspective we want great
amounts of detail also with a household
name attached because you know we want
to engage with the readers and tell them
it's about big companies you've heard of
its Facebook is there Apple is there mic
is there I never know what to say Naik
will Nike or sneakers Jesus do you say
sneakers or trainers I don't know do you
know what trainers are people think of
Nikes as a company one corporation in
fact it's a group of companies it's
probably over a hundred companies that
will include all sorts of strange
partnerships the jewel in the crown of
Mike's intellectual property is his
solution as what everyone knows the
swoosh is owned by someone right for
many years it was owned by a company in
Bermuda called Naik International
Limited and in 2014 it was switched and
is owned by a Dutch parlor ship that
doesn't seem to have a tax residence
anywhere in the world
if you're buying a night shoot why
should you care whether the intellectual
property charged the bit of the shoe
that you paid for that actually has the
swoosh on it whether that money
eventually goes to Bermuda or whether it
goes to the US the answer is because
there's not pretend otherwise tax is
about paying for schools hospitals roads
police around the world if your
structure is cynically doing that and
has no other purpose you know that's
that's gonna be an uncomfortable
conversation for the tax director to
have with with the corporate reputation
director I don't see this as a crusade
but actually I think the best kind of
reporting looks at how it's a systemic
issue I'm more sober approach to it is
to say you know we understand why
they're doing it but what are we going
to do about it now and that's that's
what I'm hoping people are gonna start
asking
and down to business that Luke do you
want to just give this five minutes now
yeah I mean I just just a couple of
thoughts one hours kind of reviewing the
Twitter stuff it is very good I think
it's almost the best story genuinely is
Russian state funds which we used to buy
a big stake in Twitter we have money
from VTB which is a Russian state bank
is basically the Kremlin going into a
Russian American called yuri milner
and then we have euro Milner investing
in Jared Kushner
Jared Krishna is an interesting story in
the data jared is kind of right out
there and potentially you could be our
best story but at the moment we can't
prove that is Russian state money going
to fish no but it's the money may be
getting somewhere else and no this is
easy it's it's not like kind of Vladimir
gives money to year he gives money to
Jared
it's a puzzle we have a political story
which it is as big as any story I've
ever come across involving Donald Trump
and the Russians and Trump's associates
note if you're an American reporter and
you annoy power you annoy the White
House what's gonna happen Donald Trump's
gonna tweet at you there was in Russia
everybody understands what can happen to
journalists who criticize power and in
particular who exposed corruption
every day you know my D is different I
don't wake up at the same time and I
don't get out of my home at the same
time they usually take different routes
so one day I come to my office with car
another day I come with Metro the day
after tomorrow I took a metro than a bus
and then I walk in two days I take a car
to another metro station you know I have
like hundreds of words if powerful
people want to kill you they will kill
you and there is nothing you can do the
only thing you can is to try to become a
difficult target if you turn your head
you will see six portraits of our
reporters from Nagaraju who were killed
during a chicken he is considered to be
the father of investigative reporters in
Russia he did stories about secret
services and about the corruption within
the secret services and he was poisoned
federalism in Russia is still for my
regret is not very safe professional way
up ilana Tigers totem done we do it with
level ficus1 oh it's not rumbled over to
Pilate
well then what is that you sit you will
tell you saturate mmm okay press the
some facts combined it's a tax evasion
me watching
sometimes we see names and even
interesting names but we don't have any
information about companies so basically
just the fact that somebody owned a
company in nothing else and its problem
you see all this Sabourin bilborough's
connections it's the Russian problem
it's not the biggest Russian problem I
should say that Kyosho model of the son
of Allah demon puddings doing business
with Ross who is now the secretary of
whatever in the years means nothing
unfortunately the scale of problems in
Russia is so big that we are focused
mostly on the state of koneko
Joey what could cost refugees should
report it yeah is kaput historic at our
most pristine the right now yeah yeah
Colonel
Kent who knows new OPM's kuranda if the
panache boom is it's not a be sunny
story the Buddha said pretty much
consistency bear that stirs most as
minutes we met at the Bootle can a kid
in a DJ not the bush or a minister
pardon which social names panama
Cuchillo blade misses this story mean
shweta more just Korea was to come near
rocker your words will be even better
the others for me my colleagues in in
Western Europe and in the ass for them
any business where the sanction person
is bad and it's okay
I live in a country which is sanctioned
right and that is why our point of view
is different
I think there's an understanding that
there are Russian oligarchs out there
who have investments outside of Russia
but were basically wealthy or whore
billionaires essentially at the pleasure
of Vladimir Putin and what this story
shows is that to some degree yuri milner
is in that camp - yuri milner
who's a big Silicon Valley investor made
big investments in Twitter and Facebook
and those investments were bankrolled by
the Russian state they're very
interesting and significant memos from
Applebee that lay out some of the
relationships between V T V which is the
big state-owned Russian bank and one of
the investment vehicles that you're at
Milner used DST is the name of Milner's
venture capital firm DST invests about
380 million dollars in Twitter about
half of that came from V TV the big
state-owned Russian bank the connection
between the Russian state and Facebook
is a little more complicated Yuri Milner
is firm invested in Facebook through a
number of different vehicles one of
those vehicles was owned by a British
Virgin Islands firm called Canton Canton
was getting tons of funding from gas
from invest holding the state-owned
financial institution and Canton has
numerous connections to an Uzbek Russian
oligarch named Alice share loose mon off
who is a huge investor for yuri milner
and has been for years
yuri milner is since sold his stakes and
those companies but it sort of
illustrates in the kind of long arm of
the Kremlin extending into Silicon
Valley in a way that none of us knew
before
yuri milner is also an investor in a
real estate technology company called
cadre cadre is a company that was
founded and remains part owned by Jared
Kushner the bottom line is Jared Kushner
has an investor in his firm who has
significant financial ties to the
Kremlin that none of us knew about
before now we know
so I made the trip down here from New
York to meet with Sasha and put the
finishing touches on the Wilbur Ross
story he's been great to collaborate
with he's a damn good researcher and he
discovered the Navigator Seymour
relationship to begin with the main
thing is can we call it Ross's private
equity firm now that he's resigned in
his Commerce Secretary yeah I think the
context is clear as we say later that he
just this year stepped aside from write
the firm but it's the fact that it's
been long been right the majority
shareholder his company the WL Ross
group was the leading shareholder and he
still has a stake in navigator Holdings
and that actually raises some important
questions about his duties as Commerce
Secretary if he does anything that has a
direct and predictable effect on his own
financial interests that is a conflict
of interest he knows that he has these
holdings it seems likely that he was not
expecting it to become a public issue
especially since it never came up during
his confirmation process he disclosed
the fact that he that he has an
underlying investment in navigator in
his ethics disclosures but this is you
know a couple of lines on a 57 page
document that I think apparently went
overlooked you never know what the
response is gonna be until the story
comes out but what I do think is
important about this story is that it
shows a business relationship between a
cabinet member in the Trump
administration and Putin's son-in-law it
is another example the highest ranking
example of a trump administration
official who's making money through
business connections to Russia
so I guess the thing now is to that we
talked about earlier is just trying to
reach out to the people left like me
Ross a navigator receipt or I think a
lot of people are gonna be very unhappy
with Apple B I mean if you can just
picture what kind of you know
response they're gonna get from clients
that they have to tell them that you
know all of their records have been in
the hands of a consortium of
investigative reporters for the past
year
the main point of the visit to Bermuda
is really the visit to Applebee's
officers Bermuda is the beating heart of
Applebee and its global operations what
law DNA palm trees blue sea
yeah I think this qualifies as paradise
it will take words from the screen that
I've now been reading for 12 months or
so and will give those people and those
buildings a life the Australians the
Danish and then the Japanese also came
on board
tomorrow I will have in hand printed
copy of the questions to Appleby so that
the person asking the questions can hand
that over if they're invited to it's now
been well over a week more like ten days
I would say since I CIJ first contacted
Appleby we have a list of questions and
I think at that point they would have
certainly become aware that they'd been
a leak of their information and that
journalists were trawling over it we're
still waiting to hear substantive
responses to any of those questions so
the Tuesday visit really is an effort to
get some kind of response
the cat is well and truly out of the bag
as soon as we go to their front door
morning ma'am
we're with the international consortium
for investigative journalist
I'll give you those two that's me and my
colleague thanks for my shirt
feel like I've read these for Draenei
job I am thinking of the cedar room
that's where that view happens - okay
thanks very much I hope they're thinking
who is the best place person who can
answer
it's my CIJ legitimate questions ok I
don't know if that's actually what's
happening yeah but we've certainly been
sitting here a lot longer than we
thought so when I unfortunately there's
no one here to talk to you right now
can I keep your business cards so what I
will do is have them reach out via email
someone who can't speak we think there's
liquor in here at this time create and
if you'd like we'll leave this with you
I suspect you've got a cocaine take I
don't know what that is so I can take
that ok it's just a copy of the letter
we sent to Apple
ok well then they should have a thing
thank you very much indeed and sort of
reconvene use it worse thank you I feel
pleased that we were able to get inside
have a pleasant interaction let them
know that out that we're here if they're
available to speak to us and I look
forward to receiving answers to their
questions this is an industry that not
only us but many people across the world
have said is broken and is facilitating
growing inequality and injustice if I
rapidly I would have reasons to be
worried about what's about to come out
now the cats out of the bag if you will
I mean you know the Appleby knows what's
going on and now we're sending these you
know requests for comment letters out to
the Russian oligarchs who control sea
boar and Sasha's contacting a navigator
and also be sending some comment letters
to a couple of other Trump
administration officials we've thought
about it how we approach these guys
right and so we don't want to alarm them
and because there's a fear that they
would preempt us we're gonna try to
reach a little bit Ross and you know
normally has to kind of an easy thing to
do to reach out to the media person for
a cabinet official but we have Director
of Public Affairs vacant just doesn't
inspire confidence and the press
Secretary's position is also vacant yeah
hi this is Mike McIntyre at the New York
Times I was trying to send email make
sure it gets to secretary Ross involving
his personal investments so it's kind of
important
hi mr. Goss halter my name is Mike
Forsythe I am a reporter within New York
Times and I'm working on a story about
James Simon's it's a story about
offshore trusts and so hope to hear from
you sometime today in the afternoon if
you've got a few seconds to talk to me
thanks a lot
okay we finally cleared the hurdle of
figuring out who would even send it to
ya we're almost there
we're hours away from pushing the button
it's been quite a long investigation a
year is the long stretch of time for a
journalist when you use the kind of
daily churn and flow of news when a
migrating downstairs to the second floor
where will sit with services with a duty
editor and will be will be checking the
stories to make sure that everything is
absolutely kind of accurate there hasn't
been intimidation but we have had a lot
of legal threats yuri milner flew from
california to london and we met him had
quite a civilized chat I thought he flew
home and while he was on his plane and
we got a very let's say a less than
friendly legal letter from his lawyers
there was investment from the Russian
state into twitter twitter didn't know
about it at miller says it was period
commercial Russian spies I think we can
say that use Facebook and Twitter
subvert the 2016 US presidential
election now there's no suggestion that
UML levers involved in any of that
that's not true but I think what it does
show in my view is that that there was
certainly an interest it may just have
been a commercial interest from fairly
powerful forces in Moscow to get into
the tech game early on and this wasn't
known until we got this leak and I think
it should be now the investigation is
really over we're in the homestretch
looking at the presentation issues the
page design and the digital design we
have Cheryl Shamel off with putin's
son-in-law and over here is landed
Mickelson he's an oligarch they both are
taking Putin on a tour of a seaboard
facility and see Boris the Russian
company that does business with Ross's
firm so how long is the story this goes
over to a third page there was so much
sensitivity with that story
we just couldn't make it fit on two
pages we're just tweaking the language a
little bit the kind of head against the
possibility however remote that he can
say that he somehow divested some of it
since then one word that you can't back
up or one thing that strays into
hyperbole or you know some assertion
that you can't support that that can
undermine the whole thing is just like
kind of the inevitable little
last-minute things that have to be
checked and fixed and comments URI
Miller came in here for a pretty lengthy
interview where he gave kind of an
interesting presentations he came into
the office with a series of clear
plastic cups that he laid out a table
one was marked Facebook one was marked
alleged Russian government funds one I
think was marked loose went off and he
then he pulled out a large bag of green
M&Ms and then poured the mms from one
cup to the next to kind of demonstrate
how you can't really show that this
dollar from this entity end up them two
ended up in this investment the point
that he was making I think cuts in two
different directions do you can argue
that in fact it's all just one big pot
of money and of course the state money
is there we're just wrapping a bow you
know on all our stories Simons did get
back to us and what he told us is that
his portion of the Lord Jim Trust had it
a few years ago been transferred to a
charitable foundation in Bermuda so an
offshore trust became an offshore
charity there's no website for this
charity there was as far as we know no
press release announcing the formation
of what is one of the world's largest
foundations just popped up in Bermuda
and now we're gonna tell the world about
it
Trump isn't eeeh we're hoping that North
Korea doesn't launch any missiles in the
next few hours largely for the sake of
our project now we're about to see what
it all amounts to I think it's gonna get
some attention thank you yeah real good
finish yeah too late to pull back now in
a major leak we're learning how the
world's wealthiest are reportedly hiding
their fortunes in offshore accounts 13
million documents mostly from an
offshore law firm called Appleby they
are known as that paradise papers
another top trump administration
official is now under scrutiny for his
relations with Russia Ross continued to
control a major stake in the shipping
company documents reveal evidence of a
Russian stake in the ownership of
Facebook and Twitter this leak is going
to be making news for a while this cache
of material from this one law firm is
just that is the records of one law firm
there are hundreds of firms that do this
type of work the documents give us a
glimpse of where the world's financial
elite stash their cash the big
conclusion Smith is the only suckers pay
tax which people don't pay tax big
corporations don't pay tax it just needs
the rest of us have to pay tax and we
have a mortos we live in a Gilded Age I
mean Boyd and we live in a Gilded Age
and this is a ground zero for that it is
across the front page above the fold of
just about every newspaper there is this
morning in each country you're effective
of the ocean good if we can build that
hospital or this school with public
money then business they decided that
they don't want to pay taxes like
everybody else does the paradise papers
released by international news outlets
also point Nike and the Queen of England
these are secrets that are of immense
public interest
we have held an accountable to account
and now it's up to citizens and
democratic institutions to take the next
step other part of Congress should
investigate if he fails to provide a
convincing and compelling explanation
he oughta resign when you're able to
take the lid off the garbage can
actually see what's crawling around in
there you find lots of things that may
be legal but it makes you wonder how can
they not be illegal
you
you
