it's political do you
understand politics aside Donald Trump's
ability to hold the attention of an
audience and indeed a nation is
undeniable it's true it's a quality that
anyone who has done public speaking be
it to a stadium or a boardroom would be
envious oh we talked to experts to learn
seven of the rhetorical tactics Trump
uses that make it so hard to take your
eyes and ears off of him
the usual so-called experts if you
notice that's my notes for this speech
we got to go free for the single most
important thing about Donald Trump from
which a lot of other things follow is
most of the time he speaks spontaneously
I like it better without the developer I
don't want to teleprompter I don't want
all right
maybe when you run for president you
shouldn't be allowed to use a
teleprompter because you find out what
you're getting even when someone has
prepared a speech for him he very often
breaks into spontaneous digression
so his speeches are very much
the ordinary discourse that the rest of
us engage in all the time I refuse to
say it was a scam tonight all right
this way they can't report that I said
para Lipsey's is a way of saying the
thing that you say you're not going to
say so colloquially it's I'm not saying
I'm just saying I will not say he's
low-energy I will not say I won't tell
you what he did because he actually
grabbed the one by the shirt but I won't
say that I won't say that they all said
he's our favorite but they did
he's our favor it allows him to say the
thing while he's denying that he would
say it so that he can't be held
accountable it also creates this
intimacy you know the crowd and Trump
are connected because he's told you what
he really thinks America first remember
that America first America first America
first
he hardly ever uses filled pauses
there's almost no arms and us and the
lack of filled pauses does project a
sense of confidence on the other hand he
repeats himself a lot make America great
again we're going to make America great
again look at this tremendous sea of
love I call it a sea of love I call it
extreme vetting I call it extreme
extreme vetting these two things are
related he's able to stall for time
without having a lot of dead air there's
lots of repetitions which is almost
liturgical so you know it works not so
life so we could really talk from he
absolutely takes advantage of ambiguity
it allows everybody in the audience to
fill in the blank for him how do you
make them pay for the wall as you said
it's so easy will a politician be able
to do it absolutely not we know what we
have to do it we'll do it so don't worry
about it don't worry about me
and I'm gonna do the right thing
whatever it is Trump allows you to fill
in the blank through that ambiguity you
help him to persuade you that he agrees
with you that he's already got the right
answer which is the answer that you know
to be the right answer because it
affects the ozone you know that right
hairspray is not like a gist of it used
to be real good when he talks about
politics you get the impression that
it's a well rehearsed piece people are
fed up they're fed up with incompetence
they're fed up with stupid leaders they
fed up with stupid people our airports
are like third-world countries our
schools are a disaster our roads are
collapsing all over the country we are a
mess by the way I don't like this Mike
notice Mike is that everybody likes to
complain Donald Trump complains about
lots and lots of things and some of the
things he complains about our gonna
strike a chord with almost everybody
wouldn't you love to see one of these
NFL owners when somebody disrespects our
flag to say get that son of a bitch off
the field right now out he's fired
rhetorical theory would say that the way
that you create identification with
people is through pointing to an enemy
and polarizing people I think Islam
hates us countless Americans are killed
by illegal immigrants because our
government won't do its job we can't
continue to allow China to rape our
country and that's what they're doing he
needs to create someone that we're
against in order to motivate those
people to act right which is to support
him I always hear about the elite you
know the elite they're elite I think you
know what I think we're the elites
they're not he's always talking about
his beautiful people his followers who
are never going to desert him those are
appeals to the crowd the wisdom of the
crowd knows
than these elite corrupt establishment
politicians or the media there's an
unbelievable love in these rooms all the
same I love you - I love you stand up
who said he often does engage the
audience as though they were in
conversation with him why do you like
better made in the USA are made in
America which is better person of the
year okay everybody that popular appeals
are something routinely does to make
himself be popular seem popular but also
to reaffirm the loyalty of his followers
do you make the same commitment that you
will absolutely accept the result that
there's a lot I will tell you at the
time I'll keep you in suspense how is it
the Trump has been able to keep us all
on edge keep us all interested and my
best answer for that is that he is the
modern-day PT Barnum we need PT Barnum a
little bit because we have to build up
the image of our country if you know
anything about PT Barnum he was a master
at attracting attention and he did that
by making audiences curious think about
New Times he's given us a cliffhanger
what's he gonna do next
what store mr. president
something's gonna happen we'll find out
stay tuned stay tuned thank you we can't
turn away because he has cut us so
curious just find out what happens next
