tonight harassment on the hill China's
green energy grabber and country music
breaks it silence come on man there it
is right there
love it
Lebanon's majority party is demanding
the return of the country's Prime
Minister sad had et but it's unclear
where he is had ad resigned his position
on Saturday in a surprise announcement
from Saudi Arabia he blamed his decision
on Hezbollah a member of his
government's coalition and said the
iran-backed group had taken the country
hostage Saudi Arabia opposes Hezbollah's
participation in the Lebanese government
and Hezbollah leaders are claiming
Riyadh forced hadees' resignation today
the Saudi Kingdom along with Kuwait
ordered all their citizens in Lebanon to
leave the country immediately
Saudi Arabia also announced today that
201 people have been detained as part of
a government crackdown on corruption
that began over the weekend Saudi
officials say that at least a hundred
billion dollars has been misused through
embezzlement and corruption spanning
decades some are being held at hotels
across the country including the
ritz-carlton in Riyadh critics have
described the detentions as a way for
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman to
eliminate threats to his rule the
Department of Justice began distributing
funds today to the victims of Bernie
Madoff infamous Ponzi scheme eight years
after Madoff was sentenced to 150 years
in prison the Madoff Victim fund will
start by distributing seven hundred and
seventy two point five million dollars
to nearly 25,000 victims around the
world it's the first round in a series
of restitution payments that will
eventually add up to more than four
billion dollars Deputy Attorney General
Rod Rosenstein called it quote the
largest restoration of forfeited
property in history Senate Republicans
rolled out details of their tax plan
today and it breaks from the House
Republican plan in some key ways instead
of cutting the corporate tax rate to 20
percent next year their plan would push
the cut to 2019 the Senate plan also
eliminates all state
local tax deductions while the House
bill still allows for a deduction of
state and local property taxes up to ten
thousand dollars a report in The
Washington Post alleges that Roy Moore
the Republican nominee for Senate in
Alabama initiated a sexual encounter
with a fourteen-year-old girl when he
was a 32 year old Assistant District
Attorney Lee Kaufman now 53 says Moore
kissed and fondled her on two separate
occasions in 1979 witnesses corroborated
parts of her account and three other
women made similar allegations top
ranking Republicans including Mitch
McConnell called on Moore to step aside
if the allegations are true a statement
from Moore's campaign referenced his
large family instead of the report quote
this garbage is the very definition of
fake news and intentional defamation
even if Roy Moore doesn't make it to the
Senate Congress has its own harassment
issues to deal with
earlier today more than 1200 former
Capitol Hill staffers released an open
letter calling for reforms this evening
the Senate unanimously passed a bill
requiring mandatory sexual harassment
training for all senators and Senate
staffers and as early as next week
Democratic congresswoman Jackie Speier
is expected to introduce a bill to
overhaul the way complaints are handled
on the hill I was working as a
congressional staffer the chief of staff
held my face kissed me and stuck his
tongue in my mouth Speer and others are
calling Congress out for playing by its
own set of rules on sexual harassment
since the Harvey Weinstein sexual
assault allegations made headlines
industry after industry has felt the
power of victims going public and make
no mistake about it
Capitol Hill is an industry there around
16,000 congressional staffers about half
are women but the bosses are mostly men
and the power behind the power is mostly
male 2 I talked to Alexis ronica
yesterday she's a former Hill staffer
who is now an employment lawyer and she
represents people who say they were
harassed while working in Congress it is
more rampant on hill than other
workplaces many of the staffers male or
female are young and I would say in
their um mid early mid maybe late 20s
there outside the office often in
environments that are more informal such
as receptions and dinners and happy
hours Ronna Kerr says it's really hard
to get justice for sexual harassment in
Congress look lawmakers make laws and
lawmakers in Congress wrote themselves a
law that makes suing over sexual
harassment much more difficult to do in
Congress than just about any other
workplace
the process is less we believe the
victims and more Franz Kafka on acid you
have to make accusation to the office of
compliance the process of reporting
getting a sort of results takes months
first there's what the office calls
counseling it's really a thirty day
period when someone from the office
simply informs you of your rights and
what the law says after that you have 15
days to decide if you want to go forward
your complaint then comes a 30-day
period of mediation that's where an
independent mediator sits down with you
and someone from the office or the focus
of the complaint is to hash out what
happened and try to settle it then you
have to wait 30 days just wait after
you're done waiting then you can file a
lawsuit who do you think that law is
meant to benefit it's absolutely
designed to protect the institution and
the elected officials in the institution
this might be the parlor congressional
process that has the biggest effect on
victims while the process is happening
you can't tell a soul you can have a
lawyer but strict confidentiality rules
prevent you from talking to anyone about
your decision to pursue a sexual
harassment complaint no I was we've seen
during this groundswell of women coming
up in the me2 phenomenon is being able
to speak about moving about what's
happening but also about moving forward
with legal claims is a really powerful
piece of information and it has a real
effect there's an effort underway to
change the process in Congress but you
can't do it without a new law and a lot
of the guys who wrote the old law are
still around
last night's 51st Country Music Awards
in Nashville was the first large
gathering of the industry since the mass
shooting at the route 91 Harvest
Festival left 58 people dead in Las
Vegas last month and it came just days
after 26 churchgoers were gunned down in
Sutherland Springs Texas as anticipated
artists dedicated performances to the
victims this year's show is dedicated to
all those we've lost and all of those
who are still healing we love you and we
will never forget you but there were
also appointed political statements a
rarity at the conservative award show
fearing that kind of controversy the
CMAs issued a media gag order last week
in the run-up to the event banning any
discussion of guns and politics and
threatening to revoke credentials for
anyone who broke the rules but when a
media storm broke out including
criticism from the show's own host the
CMA retracted the banned evidence that
even in the heart of the country music
world the national conversation about
guns is becoming hard to suppress and
the crisis impossible to ignore
heartbreak waiting to happen
she's a heartbreak waiting Joo Baldrige
is an up-and-coming name on the country
music scene he was the NRA's country
musician of a month for October and he
performed at the harvest 91 Festival in
Vegas promoting his new single Guns and
Roses love it we caught up with him on
music row as it prepared for the CMAs
alright Karen what do you think sure
good so this is gonna be your first CMAs
and you're going to there's gonna be my
second this CMAs is also really close
after the shooting that happen in Vegas
yeah it really is I think it's gonna be
an awesome night for the fans and people
that were involved in that shooting to
see the show you were there too I was
there I was there on Friday and it's
hard some of those people came out there
just to watch me you know and you feel
somewhat tied to it
hey this is Drew Baldrige and on in our
a country you're in kind of an
interesting position because during the
month that this happened you're the NRA
country artist of the month yeah and you
got a tract coming out called Guns and
Roses yeah you're right in the middle of
it I'm right in the middle of it but you
know I don't think my fans even think
about that
you know NRA means to me growing up and
being outside and I hunted
I used a 12-gauge to go deer hunting
growing up I never thought that that
kind of stuff could even happen you know
and that's what nra means to me I've
talked to a bunch of country artists and
they've said it can be a little bit
difficult to express any political
opinion I mean I think if you put your
political views out there anyway it's
gonna be a tough topic I want people to
go to my facebook or my where I'm at
wherever I'm talking to him and smile I
don't want them to hear my political
views because at the end of the day my
political views don't matter
since the Vegas shooting though some
country artists have decided they need
to speak up about their views guitarist
Caleb keator who was also at the
festival when the shooting started
tweeted a demand for gun control right
now and rosanne Cash the daughter of
Johnny Cash urged artists to have more
confidence in speaking out against the
NRA
to you
but the question now is whether artists
are willing to face a backlash in a
music culture in which guns and the NRA
still play a powerful role this is where
Johnny Cash cut his first CBS hit don't
take your guns to town son leave your
guns at home bill don't take your guns
to town it's kind of appropriate isn't
it was appropriate how do you think the
industry is feeling right now they're
feeling very nervous and quiet they're
very vulnerable in terms of an artist
standing on front of a stage and they're
very vulnerable in terms of remember the
Dixie Chicks when they spoke up about a
controversial issue and then the careers
over with Henry always had such a close
relationship with country music the
audience for country and the audience
for the NRA has obvious overlaps but
it's only been recently that they've
reached out with the NRA country website
it's a brilliant move by the NRA here
they have an organization very
controversial a lot of negative
publicity and they align themselves if
they can't align themselves with an
industry that's got a very positive
all-american image it helps them is it
safe for in a country music artist to
say criticize the NRA no it is not safe
for a country artist to criticize the
NRA Careers can go down the down the
tubes pretty quick you can you can be an
outcast
let's call the back so I'll really mess
up becoming an outcast and alienating
their audience is something that jr.
Mack Alex Iyer and Susan Ruth all worry
about they're working musicians who've
been gigging around Nashville for the
last seven years some of them do own
guns but they're all in favor of gun
regulations it does seem like this is a
really interesting time to be a country
music artists everybody's going to
country because country still makes
makes money I mean they sell records
because it's middle America do you think
for country music though it's gotten
easier to come out and say hey this is
what I believe about whatever topic I
think it's gotten easier to be able to
come out and say that I think it's
tougher maybe just as tough that it's
gonna be hard to get on mainstream radio
for that if they don't rock the boat
then they can continue doing what
they're doing so even then I would argue
there's a few Charrington that you're
likely guy that aren't ever gonna come
out because it would kill their colors
are you worried that if I say something
I could just get totally blackballed
before my career even hits the big
leagues I'm a little worried honestly
even in this interview
really
the Justice Department announced today
that it's taking emergency action to
crack down on people trafficking in
synthetic opioids specifically chemical
variants of fentanyl that don't
technically qualify as illegal under the
Controlled Substances Act the move is
just the latest indication that the
government doesn't have the tools it
needs to fight what's now a raging
opioid crisis in his book dreamland Sam
quinones tells the story of the people
who lit the match this whole problem
starts with oxycontin what you have to
keep in mind is that years ago doctors
in this country were extraordinarily
fearful of using these pills for almost
any reason it was that attitude that a
whole group of young pain specialists
were looking to break down they viewed
themselves as kind of revolutionaries
and they began to make these arguments
that very few people actually got
addicted to them and they had no proof
of this the only things they could cite
was a letter to the editor written
several years before in 1980 by a doctor
at Boston University doctor's name was
Herschel Jick he ran a database of
patient records he told me he got the
idea to ask how many patients in this
database were given narcotic painkillers
while in hospital and how many of them
got addicted and the first answer was
eleven thousand plus and four of them
got addicted and so he wrote this up and
sent it into the New England Journal of
Medicine and in due course in 1980 the
the journal published it under the
heading addiction rare and patients
treated with narcotics this letter was
later fastened on by many pain
specialists who believed that it was
somehow proof we should be and we could
be now using
these pills to treat pain and we should
do so very very aggressively the problem
was that they totally misinterpreted the
letter and after a while it was referred
to as a report then was referred to as a
study went from report to a study and
then it was a landmark report and then
finally it was a landmark study that
does much to change what we know about
addiction in America that was a quote
from Time magazine that it clearly never
read the letter and the truth is - that
the people who quoted and cited are
always misinterpreting it because
Herschel jid was using data from that
years when opiate painkillers were
prescribed only under the most
controlled circumstances the problem is
that it was then extrapolated to mean
that it's okay then to send home these
pills with people by the by the millions
and that's what eventually began to
happen all across the country and so
this letter becomes this detonator
really quite to the contrary of the
intentions of the author for a
revolution a real revolution in American
medicine leading to there's widespread
prescribing of pain pills all across the
country this was how change happened in
modern medicine based on myth and based
on the most thin thin ideas that that
even the author didn't intend to be used
in this way
President Trump is preparing to wrap up
his first official visit to China with
the pile of deals that he says will
benefit American businesses two of the
most high-profile are Energy agreements
the signing ceremony between the
People's Republic of China and the
United States of America now begins
loose promises that China will invest in
shale gas development in West Virginia
and liquefied natural gas in Alaska the
deals are probably less about improving
relations with the US than they are
about a domestic priority for China
ending its reliance on coal
China is notorious for being the world's
biggest polluter but it's also getting
famous for something else
green technology for example in 2015
China invested a hundred and three
billion dollars in the renewable energy
sector that's two and a half times more
than the United States that year in the
country has pledged to spend more than
three hundred and sixty billion through
2020 on renewable power sources which is
why I'm here in what's known as solar
Valley this part of China is home to a
company called Hyman solar it makes
solar heating and power systems and it
was an early entrant into the green
energy game Wang men the CEO is
basically a solar evangelist solar will
be everything for every people Solar
will be everywhere in a war it's the
future he's also one of the richest men
in China and has helped prove that solar
is not only an economically viable
business in China but that there's more
opportunity out there we act as a
pioneer just like American people in
1970s so you are pioneer for last
century now we are the pannier of next
century is President Xi Jinping helping
be that pioneer is he helping the
country be a pioneer of course in the
green technology and industry our
Chinese government supported all this
encouragement of these industry
technology and the market a lot of this
place was built to show off technology
for a clean energy event in 2010 and
it's got a bit of a ghost town feel so
you might think China has put it up just
for show but Jeremy Stephens the chief
China economists for Standard Bank
thinks you should pay attention
in terms of wind and solar they're the
biggest producers in the world by far
they invest the most in it they create
the most jobs in those sectors in the
world I mean and they significantly
outstrip anyone but leading by example
is is is definitely their way to step up
and so they're doing it domestically
they can say this is what we're doing
this is how are we doing it look at us
we're taking the lead and they can put
other countries to shame and I think
that's really what they're trying to do
in that space in his three and a half
hour speech to the National Congress of
the Chinese Communist Party back in
October President Xi spoke about a new
model of modernization characterized by
harmonious coexistence between man and
nature
ginger jizya Nepal will find Jinga Chiba
water shanty that sumi young did I sip
my tea now that was a message to his
party but it was also a message to the
international community he wants us to
see him as taking the reins and leading
the way to a new model that's away from
America away from President Donald Trump
the opportunity will be Azir he what he
was doing maybe will make us a like
behind in this area but the world will
be advanced green energy climate policy
solar panels these phrases are one way
President Xi is trying to leapfrog over
the United States and lead the world and
have China make a lot of money while
he's doing it
the value of Bitcoin has risen this year
from $1,000 to 7700 on Wednesday
those are absurd returns but the
underlying technology called blockchain
could revolutionize global industries
and even pose a threat to governments at
the end of September the government of
South Korea made a big regulatory move
it banned all new digital currencies
just weeks before China also outlawed
trading of new virtual currencies and
more established ones like Bitcoin these
crypto currencies are the product of a
new technology that's moving faster than
the government's trying to control it
blockchain blockchain is an information
sharing technology popularized on the
dark web it was first used mainly by
people buying drugs and weapons online
libertarians and secretive coders trying
to avoid detection but now it's having
its breakout moment blockchain works
like this digital records are stored
across a distributed network and
constantly reconciled because each
computer verifies the information on all
the others there's no central server
that can malfunction or be erased these
records are public since the data are
hosted by millions of computers
simultaneously and once information is
entered into the blockchain it can't
ever be deleted blockchain allows
strangers to trust each other because
every operation is constantly checked by
every other computer on the network to
hack a blockchain would require so much
computing power that it's basically
impossible and that will be even more
important in a massively connected
future imagine votes being cast in a
blockchain network the information
relies on cryptography and code it can't
be changed
so the election would be secure it's
easy to imagine applying the same
principles to digitally stored private
data like medical records or use to
streamline the wildly inefficient global
shipping industry which loses countless
hours and billions of dollars in
overhead
two bureaucratic red tape and human
error some major banks and consulting
firms are already using blockchains to
streamline financial transactions there
may be more immediate opportunity for
blockchain innovations and places of
serious corruption where people are less
likely to trust government systems two
state governments in India are
experimenting with the technology the
handle and deeds a notorious source of
fraud and dispute but in the meantime
developers are using blockchain for
something more exciting making
themselves rich companies offering
blockchain services are creating their
own crypto currencies as a way to raise
capital
but whether any given startup is real or
a scam is anyone's guess regulators
haven't figured out how to handle this
new kind of market but the fact that
they're paying attention means the
blockchain is officially gone mainstream
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
November 9th
you
