tonight we're the Democrats go from here
what the Kurds have left and the
believer leading a celebrity megachurch
say a man like a Pentecostal believers
should the Philippine defense minister
said the country will stop construction
on a sandbar in the South China Sea
after objections from Beijing China
claims ownership over most of the waters
where it's been beefing up its military
presence and creating artificial islands
the halted project was located in the
Spratly Islands an archipelago claimed
by several nations president Duterte
made the decision ahead of the APEC
summit in Vietnam where the Philippine
leader is expected to push for a code of
conduct in the South China Sea today one
year after Indian Prime Minister
Narendra Modi decided to remove high
denomination currency from circulation
opponents of the move took to the
streets to protest war Garland's made of
old notes and formed a human chain
representing the snaking lines outside
banks after the surprise announcement
made five hundred and one thousand rupee
notes illegal overnight Indian officials
have said the move targeted so-called
black money and pushed the country
towards digital transactions as a way to
fight corruption critics blame the
switch for job losses and a slowing
economy the Trump administration
announced new restrictions for Americans
traveling to Cuba going forward trips
will have to be through authorized tour
operators and groups will need guides to
accompany them access to more than a
hundred hotels stores and other
businesses with ties to the Cuban
military and intelligence services will
also be restricted the new rules go into
effect tomorrow
Maine Governor paul LePage is refusing
to implement a Medicaid expansion that
was overwhelmingly approved by voters
yesterday
LePage a Republican who has vetoed
expansion five times before says the
program has to be fully funded by the
legislature and that a quote will not
support increasing taxes on Maine
families
365 days after Donald Trump won the
presidency frustrated and horrified
Democrats finally landed a serious
counter punch on Tuesday night
progressives voted in droves in off-year
elections around the country and made
major dents in Republican control of
state and local governments in New
Jersey
Democrats won the race to replace
Governor Chris Christie and in
Washington state they won a special
election to flip control of the state
Senate voters in Virginia made the
biggest statement of all sending Ralph
Northam to the governor's mansion in
picking up 15 seats in the House of
Delegates their biggest gain since the
19th century
so about last night yes it was a really
good night for Democrats and yes we can
start talking about whether Donald
Trump's unpopularity could put control
of the House of Representatives in play
that's still a huge challenge though
Democrats would need to pick up 24 seats
to flip the house but The Virginian
results offer some clues about how they
could do it actually improved on Hillary
Clinton's five-point win in Virginia he
won his race by nine Northam did that
partly by driving up Democratic turnout
in the cities and suburbs which suggests
enthusiasm in the Democratic base is
high
northern also did better than Clinton
with the wealthy well-educated white
voters that tend to lead a Republican
that are up for grabs for Democrats if
the conditions are right those are the
kinds of voters Democrats would need to
win back the house but the Virginia
results held a warning for Democrats to
northern fared about as badly as Clinton
did with non college educated white
voters losing 72% of them and that could
have major consequences for the Senate
map Democrats are on defense they're
protecting twenty five seats ten of them
in States Donald Trump won none of those
states look much like Virginia which has
been trending Democratic for the past
decade anyway so I talked to Senator
Chris Van Hollen the Maryland Democrat
that runs Senate Democrats campaign arm
about what Virginia means for them so I
see it as the beginning of the return of
the Jedi a year from now it's good news
for Senate races not just because you
had Democrats winning the governor seats
in Virginia and in New Jersey but the
scope of the victory and the margin of
the victory this was there when very
deep and very wide do you think it's
possible to take back the Senate we have
a very tough political map but one year
out we also see an incredible amount of
grassroots energy so we are gonna work
very hard first of all the hold the blue
line in the Senate because we are the
only thing standing between President
Trump and a lot of bad things because of
that ability to block things but we're
also gonna be taking advantage of the
opportunities that come up and we have
more and more opportunities come up do
you think it's more likely now that it
was before Virginia let's let's face it
it would have been a blow if we had
Democrats had lost the governor's race
in Virginia but what is so telling about
Virginia is the size the margin of the
victory in the governor's race and the
scope of the victory will write down the
ballot and you're seeing that not just
of Virginia you're seeing it across the
country so that's a very positive sign
that people are energized
to fight back against the Trump
Republican agenda and I do think more
and more Trump voters will realize that
they are not getting what they are gonne
for coming off their first big election
win since Trump won a year ago Democrats
have a lot to feel confident about
Trump's current 36 percent approval
rating is the lowest of any president at
this point in his term but among his
core voters this president knows he can
do no wrong
he's gone beyond what we hoped and
dreamed for more than I expected it's
about you it's not about far exceeded
the high expectations that I've had vice
news asked a few of the Maga faithful
why they got aboard the Trump train and
what if anything could convince them to
get off first got my vote 30 years ago
he captured my attention immediately you
know I love the way that he does say it
like it is really cares about the
priorities of the people and not the 1%
there was no way that we could let
Hillary get in there we will build a
great wall I have absolutely zero doubt
that he will do it he puts that out
there that we're gonna build this big
wall and then you scale it back to what
he actually wanted we really need that
wall he has nine steps ahead of
everybody and he knows what he's doing
have our president backed off building
the border wall he would not be Donald
Trump we will be a unified country again
to me that would seem like dr. van
Helsing working together with Count
Dracula I'm still waiting for mr. Trump
to keep the promise of locking her up
our president would never work with
Hillary Clinton but if he did
um I guess I would have to look at that
and see what it is it's because it's
involving Hillary Clinton doesn't mean
that he can't do something positive they
say I have the most loyal people did you
ever see that where I could stand in the
middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot
somebody and I wouldn't lose any voters
okay I watched that rally live and when
he said that and he was not actually
saying what you just told me that he
said I might have my second thoughts
like let's face it the guy was joking
that would be the one of the things that
would give me great pause okay I'm the
mental stability he didn't mean it I
would know for a fact that it would be
in either self defense or he would be
protecting someone that needed
protection so I would absolutely support
him knowing his heart I think that the
media spreads lies but the whole point
of you asking me if I would stop
supporting my president I'm gonna tell
you absolutely not
I started supporting him since they won
and I will continue to support my
president as a candidate Trump used a
story about an undocumented immigrant
charged with killing a San Francisco
woman to rile up his base and the late
Kathryn Steinle became the face of a
fierce debate over sanctuary cities and
illegal immigration now the murder trial
of Jose in Eze Garcia Zarate is underway
David Noriega reports from San Francisco
the shooting of Kate Steinle was the
first in a series of events that carried
Donald Trump to the White House it
happened exactly two weeks in one day
after Trump announced his presidential
campaign and was facing a backlash for
calling Mexican immigrants criminals
they're bringing drugs they're bringing
crime they're rapists and some I assume
are good people
Stein Lee's death gave him exactly the
kind of ammunition he needed Trump
started mentioning Steinle constantly to
the media and on the campaign trail
another victim is Kate Steinle gunned
down in the sanctuary city of San
Francisco Stine Lee's death was tragic
and senseless and it demanded some kind
of explanation
Trump offered an explanation in the form
of an indictment of San Francisco as a
sanctuary city a concept that not many
people had even heard of at the time the
trial itself though is focused only on
the facts of the case specifically on
whether the defendant or se got a CS out
they meant to fire the bullet that
killed Kate Steinle both the prosecution
and the defense agree on a few things
Garcia Sarathy who was homeless and had
a history of drug use found a gun
wrapped in a t-shirt on the San
Francisco pier that gun had been stolen
out of a park rangers car a few days
prior he picked up the gun and it went
off the bullet ricocheted off the
pavement and traveled nearly a hundred
feet before it struck Steinle in the
back the defense says that all of this
suggests that the shooting was an
accident
so why was got CSI dot they charged with
murder and not a lesser charge like
manslaughter a spokesman for the
district attorney told us that the
charge was based purely on the facts of
the case but Jeff Adachi san francisco's
elected public defender says it's more
complicated than that from the option
the judge made it clear that he didn't
want politics entering this trial but
it's the elephant in the room did the
political furor surrounding this case as
far as you believe have any effect on
the way the district attorney has
handled this particular prosecution
there has never been a case of a bullet
ricocheting off the ground hitting
somebody from 80 feet away charged as a
murder
Stein Lee's death obviously caused
political waves on the national level
but those waves were even stronger here
in San Francisco which came under
intense scrutiny for its status as a
sanctuary City the story of how got CS I
doubt they wound up living on the
streets of San Francisco is complex
after he had served a prison sentence
for illegally re-entering the country
something he had done many times
the feds transferred him to San
Francisco on a twenty-year old warrant
for a minor marijuana offense San
Francisco dismissed that case and that's
where the city's sanctuary law kicked in
the Sheriff's Department released Garcia
Saturday even though eyes had asked them
to keep him locked up for deportation
after the shooting city officials
scrambled to respond and it seemed for a
time that they might actually walk back
their sanctuary policies in the end
though the opposite happened they voted
to strengthen them a few months before
Trump was about 300 people were out you
know locking themselves up in front of
the ice office Joan Avalos was a member
of the San Francisco Board of
Supervisors until this year he wrote the
current sanctuary policies under the
premise that protecting immigrants makes
them more willing to cooperate with law
enforcement and therefore contributes to
public safety I think a lot of people
look at the Steinle case and think after
something like this happens how is it
possible that a city could stand by it
sanctuary policy how is it possible to
defend that in the face of an event like
that but knowledge that Kate Steinle is
killing has affected us to our very core
and that makes us really sad and
outraged but I also say that you know
this one incident by this one hapless
individual who I do not believe intended
to kill her doesn't represent the entire
immigrant community and when it comes
down to it our sanctuary policy does
good if we had our sanctuary city Paul's
to take it away our city would be less
safe but the president and his
supporters aren't convinced by this
argument which leaves us with a
seemingly intractable conflict between
the Trump administration on the one hand
and the
city on the other and that's one more
way in which a shooting on a pier in
this city brought us into the era of
Trump last month Iraq central government
seized control of disputed territory oil
and vital border crossings from the
Kurds in the north in just a matter of
days assuring in a new phase of politics
with international players vying for
influence meanwhile the Kurdish region
is reeling from its losses for three
years Kurdish Peshmerga fighters
controlled oil fields like this one in
Iraq's disputed territories they moved
in when Iraqi forces fled an Isis
offensive approaching the area but one
months ago after a Kurdish referendum
vote Baghdad deemed illegal central
government troops returned they were
prepared for a tough battle to take it
back but instead soldiers including safe
hearten swept in without a fight in the
Mutai New York
all right watching them in the crowd
it's more questioning sylia most at home
and under a deal between the central
governments and a Kurdish fraction
opposed to then president Massoud
Barzani many Peshmerga fighters withdrew
before the offensive even began
yes it's like a sad sack makes you so
happy for Columbus Masuda for what a
life it Mogi God if our mothers came to
God in the courts it's a habit to judge
I'm inaudible before the latest conflict
oil fields in the disputed territories
were pumping out some 550 thousand
barrels of oil daily Iraqi troops now
also control the pipeline and border
crossing which runs through the Kurdish
region and into the Turkish pot of jihad
it means that hundreds of millions of
dollars in profits from the region's oil
exports are now entirely under Baghdad's
control even the Kurdish region dealing
with the sudden loss of resources which
had been vital in its push for
independence in nearby Kurdish held
towns and cities including Kirkuk some
Peshmerga did puts up a fight and Iraqi
soldiers didn't confront them alone they
had help from the PMU
a coalition of predominantly Shia
militia fighters who are accused by
Kurds and the US have been an
instruments of Iran okay I know one has
some DC and Monica a notch on it but
that's when Nana America China Cybele or
our one sorrowful a policeman to be
removing the PM use role in this
offensive as well as the operation to
drive Isis out of Iraq helps make the
group in its leaders a major force in
the country it's left the u.s. red-faced
on one hand it's been publicly pursuing
a hard-line approach against the Iranian
regime on the other hand the u.s.
supported Baghdad over the Kurds during
the referendum votes and that's allowed
Iran to increase its influence in the
region Abu Mustafa
Amami is the deputy commander of the PMU
in northern Iraq he denies allegations
of foreign meddling in the conflict a
journey in happy Iman cumin other peer
who is a litera
who any colors where how they have no
motor any Akuma
what the hell huh commander commitment
despite playing down Iran's influence le
mommy echoed the words of Iran's supreme
leader Ayatollah Khomeini who claimed
that Israel in the US would benefit from
Kurdish independence
shawn has allotted crc Bencomo been in a
cloud on pesh MERGA my image cream I
feel good well that kind of anaka men
yeah cavora Mohammedan a crab haha you
know I do a little bit yeah wahoo
how yeah exactly ha ha ha ha ha ha the
title and College in the city of Kirkuk
is ethnically diverse Kurdish Arab and
took man residents continue to work
side-by-side but thousands of Kurds who
live in Kirkuk and other disputed
territories said that the arrival of
Shia militia in their Sundy Kurdish
neighborhoods and the threats of
sectarian fighting force sensor flee
some are now living in half built homes
in the Kurdish capital at a Beale
Pawan her husband Adnan and their three
children left Cal kook when Iraqi forces
moved in they don't know when or if
they'll be able to return Lola here's
number he is nominated hobby la la la la
pista odd ma approached mi token game
now hoses Allah
I like a good job now I'm in a car a
balmy heating up
so this is where you're saying yes
retreat oh yes Oh Monica Monica
Muhammad's arrow to Simon ammaji the
city can either drive Adriana Tippecanoe
could be a good burger
I never collision all right - justanna
look second
well I'm keep legit Allah chose sutala
boo-boo - how lucky near mythology like
power when many Kurds in Erbil and other
Kurdish cities are angry not only at the
political crisis but also their
long-standing US allies for not
intervening to stop the catechol
offensive
over the weekend in Los Angeles close to
a hundred thousand worshipers attended
the Hillsong conference a star-studded
religious summit for fashion-forward
Pentecostals Hillsong is an Australia
based mega church and pulled in more
than a hundred million dollars last year
and it's American headliner is Carl
Lentz a buff charismatic pastor whose
buddies with Justin Bieber I got good
news for you on the season because Jesus
is right in the middle of it with you
every Sunday
eight thousand souls fill the
Hammerstein Ballroom in New York to hear
sermons from Lenz who just released a
book called own the moment Mary HK Choi
spoke to the pastor about the church his
book and his look do you think Jesus
would have worn Rick Owens often people
ask about that the fashion stuff and the
only reason why they asked cuz they're
just not used to seeing a church where
people look like normal people
so to come into our church we already
win because I look just like you I have
regular stuff on you're goin
church attendance is on the decline but
not at Hillsong services 90 minutes
throbbing with attractive racially
diverse people and is a cross between
SoulCycle and karaoke with a band
Jesus have pray tonight but you would do
it only you can do Pearl speaks for a
half hour in between songs in a race
against modern attention spans and it's
a formula that scales for huge audiences
conferences are held in stadiums like
Madison Square Garden Murch of course is
crucial your flock so to speak is 8,000
strong is this just a long con to sell
books this is separate from church and
that we're not bringing it in to church
this isn't like a built-in audience that
it so the the real short answer is no I
just speak for my own life God has never
called me at a good time that is exactly
how you should be living right now
worship but till God tells you to stop
if you've heard of Hillsong it's likely
due to lenses social media clout and his
celebrity friends how do you reconcile
like pop culture and like church culture
sometimes being at cross-purposes just
because we connect with culture doesn't
mean that we have sold out the culture
so our job isn't necessarily to always
vilify culture so culture is a conduit
through which you transmit your message
1 million percent
we're gonna hustle Fulcher
they're always hustling maybe the church
it's Justin Bieber to Hillsong what Tom
Cruise is to Scientology no it's apples
and oranges because Scientology is so
out there they're like you're right
you're the guy so if we can get you
indoctrinated quick enough we're gonna
make me the spokesman we've never done
that Justin's never set foot on the
stage this is not a show we're not here
to put on religious performance Jesus
we're here because we need you now say
Amen like a Pentecostal believers should
Hillsong works their global audience is
staggering six point 1 billion minutes
of Hillsong content was viewed on
YouTube last year Hillsong UNITED one of
their music groups went double platinum
it's shiny packaging for age-old
messages you seemed progressively dress
cool what is your stance on marriage
equality so I think we have a PR problem
marriage equality it's a non-issue
because the laws of the land in New York
City gay people can get married but I
guess my question is in your opinion is
marriage only between a man and a woman
my opinion is secondary to what we
believe the Bible's opinion is so strong
church traditionally for 30 years we
would say the Bible is really clear that
marriage is between man and a woman and
I believe the Bible says what it says
and I interpret it exactly as the Bible
says we get killed from both sides the
Christian Right thinks that we're to
open this super left things were not
loud enough in our affirmation caught in
the middle as we might be Hillsong and
Lentz are relevant how that influence
and reach will play out remains to be
seen
you're an influencer and even a hashtag
influencer if you could influence
politics in the US would you take it
that far yeah I think I've had some some
small moments where I've had a chance to
do that a little bit yeah I'm open to
whatever but I don't think I'll be doing
politics soldier you know
but if there was like a Hillsong member
in the Oval Office that would be pretty
cool it would be rad yeah I've done some
White House stuff on the slide what does
that mean like been in rooms with people
who make big decisions which
administration this one that's vice news
tonight for Wednesday November 8th
you
