tonight
the russia investigation gets real
Kurdish independence crushed and new
troops for an endless war went egged I
love you love you so much
up to 126 million Facebook users were
served ads purchased and spread by
Russian outfits during the 2016 election
according to testimony released ahead of
tomorrow's hearing before the Senate
Judiciary Subcommittee on crime and
terrorism Facebook originally estimated
that just 10 million people saw the
roughly 3000 ads a US Special Operations
raid captured a militant believed to
have played a key role in the 2012
attack at the US consulate in Benghazi
that killed four Americans including
ambassador Chris Stevens in a statement
President Trump said Mustafa al Imam who
was captured in Libya will face justice
in the United States the trial of the
accused mastermind of the attack Ahmed
Abu khattala began earlier this month
farmers in western India who buried
themselves to protest the government
plan to buy up their land are claiming
victory for now nearly a month after the
protests started the Jaipur Development
Authority has agreed to reassess the
lands value in response to the farmers
claims that they weren't being
compensated enough and that the deal
would destroy the livelihoods of
thousands of families the farmers now
say they'll remain at the protest site
until they get written confirmation of
the new agreement the FBI is
investigating the 300 million dollar
contract to rebuild puerto rico's power
grid that was awarded to Whitefish
Energy Holdings according to The Wall
Street Journal Puerto Rico's governor
canceled the contract on Sunday calling
it a distraction after questions were
raised by Congress and FEMA about how
the tiny energy firm was chosen for the
massive project Whitefish which had only
two full-time employees when the
hurricane hit is based in Montana in the
same town that's home to interior
secretary Ryan's Enki in a statement
last week Zinke denied any involvement
whitefish and prepa the Puerto Rico
Electric Power Authority have defend
deal 70% of the island is still without
power a federal judge has blocked part
of the president's attempt to change the
military's transgender policy the judge
ruled that the military's policy to
allow transgender service members must
remain in place while a case against the
proposed changes works its way through
the court but the judge kept and placed
the ban on federal funds being used for
gender confirmation surgery
early this morning the Russia
investigation claimed its first victims
former Trump campaign manager Paul
Manafort and his business partner Rick
gates surrendered themselves to the FBI
on conspiracy and money-laundering
charges in an early afternoon hearing
both men pled not guilty but the real
bombshell happened off camera when the
Justice Department quietly unsealed
charging documents for a little-known
Trump policy advisor named George
papadopolis in March 2016 the Trump
campaign recruited Papadopoulos an
energy consultant with that much foreign
policy experience to be one of its
unpaid foreign policy advisers
Papadopoulos immediately began making
connections with a cast of Russian
characters including an unnamed
professor claiming to have ties to the
Kremlin on March 21st president Trump
listed Papadopoulos to the Washington
Post as one of his advisers and called
him an excellent guy and on the last day
of the month he convened a meeting of
his national security team and
Papadopoulos attended Papadopoulos began
pushing for the campaign to meet with
the Russian government and began
coordinating with the Russian claiming
ties to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
by the end of April Papadopoulos said
he'd secured an open invitation for
Trump to meet with Putin around the same
time one of his contacts the professor
told him that the Kremlin had quote dirt
on Hillary Clinton in the form of
thousands of emails
on May 4th he forwarded a message from
his ministry contact to higher-ups at
the Trump campaign saying the Kremlin
was quote open for cooperation we don't
know if the Trump campaign took him up
on his offer what we do know is that by
January of this year
the FBI had identified Papadopoulos as a
person of interest in its investigation
into Russian influence in the election
and in July they arrested him for lying
to them grabbing him when he landed at
Dulles Airport after a trip to Germany
today just as manna fort and gates
headed to court the Justice Department
revealed that back on October 5th
Papadopoulos pled guilty to making false
statements meaning that by now he's
probably changed roles from Trump
advisor to informant the facts that came
out today are a lot to process and we
still don't have much clarity on what it
all means nothing in the man affording
gates indictment has an obvious
connection to Russian meddling in the
election and the White House used that
to try to brush aside the whole thing
today's announcement has nothing to do
with the president has nothing to do
with the president's campaign or
campaign activity the real collusion
scandal as we've said several times
before has everything to do with the
Clinton campaign fusion GPS and Russia
the problem with the pivot the White
House wants to make is that we're
nowhere near the end of the road for the
Moller investigation in fact if you read
the indictments closely they suggest a
beginning rather than an ending these
indictments are more than anything a
signal of the tactics Miller's willing
to use to get people to cooperate the
first charge of the manna ford
indictment for instance accuses manna
Fortin gates quote together with others
of conspiring to defraud the United
States he's obviously got more names in
his back pocket and he wants those
people to know that he knows as for
Papadopoulos the actual charge against
him is noteworthy for how mundane it is
we talked to a prosecutor today who said
that people lie to the FBI a hundred
times a day and that the real attraction
is the level of detail in the sentencing
document that gives others a glimpse
into how much Millar already knows but
listen to this on page one these facts
do not constitute all of the facts known
to the parties concerning the charged
offense that makes it clear there's a
lot more imagine you're a former Trump
campaign advisor with a guilty
conscience
say the campaign supervisor or
high-ranking campaign official quoted in
the sentencing document and you don't
know what Muller does and doesn't know
why wait to find out but for all of the
options that Muller has it's not totally
clear that there will be a payoff at the
end for starters collusion is it a crime
per se Muller will have to prove that
the Trump team broke specific laws and
they're probably a long way from knowing
whether that's possible that's what
William Perry check a former federal
prosecutor told me today if you were
investigating something like this would
you want to pursue all of them or would
you pick and choose which crimes that
you would prosecute you have an
investigation have a goal you have a
focus and as you're pursuing that goal
certain things come to your attention
and you make reasonable decisions what a
prosecutor would consider be reasonable
decisions on what to go forward with you
have a burden of proof beyond a
reasonable doubt and that's a limiting
factor but it's safe to say it's to get
to a broader goal like this is not the
end game the investigation is nowhere
near done is that very all we know is
what we see from the papers but it would
seem to me that it's it's unlikely that
that's the end that they're gonna close
up shop and say we're done so could we
come to a point where we don't have an
answer to whether there was collusion I
think that the point of the
investigation is determine whether any
crimes were committed and it is a puzzle
but known no one knows what the puzzle
is gonna look like when it's all put
together
the soldier killed in a helicopter crash
in eastern Afghanistan over the weekend
has been identified as 36 year old Chief
Warrant Officer Jacob Sims of Oklahoma
he's the 12th US service member to die
in Afghanistan this year and brings the
number of American military personnel
killed since the war began sixteen years
ago to 2400 foreign relations committee
will come to order an hour late this
afternoon
defense secretary James Madison
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson went to
Capitol Hill to ask for an extension of
the AUMF the authorization for use of
military force that's the law that
allows the u.s. to continue its wars
against those responsible for the 9/11
attacks as the Afghanistan war heads
into its 17th year the Trump
administration has already announced
that 4,000 more US troops will deploy to
Afghanistan this fall vice news joined
the 3rd Infantry Division of Fort
Stewart Georgia as they prepared for a
nine-month deployment
so we'll be heading off to Afghanistan
and actually about close to 48 hours
okay we're gonna bring it there tomorrow
starts our legacy right
our contribution don't go out tonight
and tie one on that you're gonna regret
investing what's important right invest
in your family it's bittersweet you
leave my family behind but I know that
be in good spirits I actually thought
that I would be deploying a lot sooner
in my military career we've been in
Afghanistan for many many years now and
so now we have a new generation of
troops service members that have to
really have some tough decisions and
they're getting younger and younger
somewhere first in the family to to join
an army I'm one of the first to graduate
from college I've got a packet right
you've got to pack it tight this is a
full body oma right here it's got plates
inside back done size and I've got some
more - I've got to add on my wife makes
me pack extra socks just if I want to
double up on socks and extra towels
extra of everything we've been there for
about three and a half years now so stay
relatively young is kind of tough one
you know kind of tough long this is
literally packing up and not coming back
for months at a time or you never know
maybe not coming back alive
you know that's reality right we've got
a we've got a plan for that
if it happens or if something bad
happens it's all in this packet you know
but
I asked him and he said it's up to me
and if in the event that happens I would
want him to go wherever I go so you know
I try not to think about it a lot
because I know that he'll be back
I want to make it easy as possible for
my family if something happened they've
already got to deal with a significant
emotional event if somewhat rule that
happened to me I think it's good to just
think through it talk through it have
that tough discussion if anything ever
happens to me take care of our seats
Olivia I think one good thing is they
joined and knowing that Afghanistan was
going on unlike me joining the army 20
years ago we joined a period of peace
and it was it was we were always
prepared for something but it was
there's a period of peace all of these
voters know we're in Iraq they know
we're in Afghanistan I saw the courage
to join we're gonna do whatever mission
the army gives us all the political fray
and all that stuff as a soldier we just
have a both to obey the orders of the
president United States and that's where
we go so so during 9/11 I was in junior
high and it took us all together and to
just a few classrooms and we all watched
those towers go down so when you think
about it it's just a chilling moment you
know many many years later to still be
combatant things like this so there is
approximately 468 I believe trees here
and there all respect to all the
soldiers that lost their life in
Afghanistan and Iraq I've got a few my
team there 19 20 years old fairly young
so it's really gonna put a lot of
pressure on me to make sure they get
back to their families at the same time
as you know me looking out for
so I wake up tomorrow sit down I have
practically my wife and just kind of be
under each other talk about the good
times not talk about how sad we're going
to be to be away from each other really
talk about some good time review some
old videos maybe for my way maybe from
you first got together it really
reminisce about somebody a good time so
we leave on a really good note and then
we show up drop our bags pick up our
weapons have a ceremony get on buses and
head down today Dagon fly out
I'm gonna tell you that I love you love
you so much
I won't have anybody to put my cold feet
on what am I gonna do you gonna have a
pillow with the pillow is putting socks
on all right about that time the
soldiers bring you represent some of the
best locations in the army we are ready
to move soon this mission okay thanks
ah
I know will do well we will bring back
our folks live
see ya na mele last night after Kurdish
president Massoud Barzani announced he's
stepping down on November 1st hundreds
of his supporters some armed with guns
gathered outside of parliament
millions of kurds voted for independence
last month but Iraqi forces have since
taken back large sections of territory
in the oil-rich region
him Tucson reports from the Kurdish
capital Erbil on the political crisis
facing the region Massoud Barzani 's
presidential rule may be coming to an
end but his loyalists are going nowhere
one month ago many Iraqi Kurds thought
that for the first time in their history
they were on the cusp of forming a new
nation state but now that dream has all
but faded burrows on his decision to
push on with the referendum turned out
to be his undoing the international
community including the United States
tried to talk him out of it and the
central government's made it clear that
it considered the vote to be illegal it
saw the move as a play by Barzani to
consolidate his control of the oil
fields in the disputed territories which
Baghdad wanted for itself but Barzani
didn't listen to those warnings the
president's miscalculation led to the
Iraqi government launching a military
offensive taking back control of the
city of Kirkuk the oil fields around it
and also of the territory that the Kurds
had taken over during the battle against
the Islamic state group which began in
within weeks the balance of power in the
north of Iraq shifted and the Kurdish
people went from being overjoyed to
deeply resentful
many Kurds believe that the working
government which is Barzani's KDP party
in the puk party gave into easily to the
Arab onslaught in the end the Iraqi
government and bersani's political
opponents wanted him out and he had no
choice but to step down the hana-chan
fault growing Keeney abhorrent crying
come on push groaning bersani's powers
will be redistributed between the Prime
Minister Najib embarras ani who also
happens to be his nephew Parliament's
and the Judiciary now the Kurdish
regional governments is facing a
political crisis and without its
president control of the disputed
territories and its oil fields
negotiating an independent state is no
longer an option
hi my name is raza to do that I want all
of my songs to kind of live in the
in-between space between a happy song
and a sad song so I think Guan has
aspects of both
so the song started with the string
parts
I wrote the string parts first and then
I added the chord changes underneath to
give some kind of structure to the song
there's a bass line on the second verse
of the song that I wrote with my Beatles
bass it was popularized by the Beatles
but it's made by a company called
Hoffner so in this case it's a bass line
that's kind of like crawling up and down
the pentatonic scale so the Kate Bush
drumbeat it's a kick and then two floor
toms and had the snare alternating so
I think it has this kind of tumbling
quality and that's what I wanted to
capture
I try to do it haphazardly because I
like the way a piano sounds when you
hear it in a room as opposed to the way
it sounds at a studio which to me is too
clinical and then I like to use some
effects to make the piano sound older
there is an old folk song that comes
from Wales called sue ogen where I went
to school had a folk tradition I guess I
just had this catalog in my mind of of
old melodies that had really strong
feelings about I wanted to use them
that whole string break is a dream and
the lyrics returning signify coming out
of that dream so what I wanted was to
kind of pull you out of it as if you
were waking up
I just sat at a piano and I was kind of
like shouting gibberish over these
chords and I recorded it and I put it at
the end of the song
and I got in my car and I listened to
this version of the song with real
lyrics for every section until the end
where it was gibberish lyrics and I was
like yeah that works
that's vice news tonight for Monday
October 30th
you
