back in 1992 Wolfenstein 3d pioneered
the first-person shooter genre the
storyline was set in world war ii and
was pretty basic
you're an American spy the Nazis have
captured you and thrown you in a dungeon
and you have to kill them all to get out
fast forward 25 years the story lines
been rebooted in Wolfenstein - the new
Colossus which comes out today it's set
in an alternate world where the Nazis
won the war colonized America and are
letting the KKK run wild it's up to you
to take America back Tommy Bjork is a
narrative designer at the Swedish based
company that developed the new
Wolfenstein he wrote the dialogue and
the backstory of the new game how much
were you thinking about current events
we were writing this story so when we
started making the game it was in 2014
we started writing the story we had
already known that we were going to
America we had no idea that there would
be actual dodging that there were the
actual Nazis in American streets growing
up in in the 80s in Sweden we had like a
wave of racism and neoclassicism when I
was a kid and a teenager you had like
not just marching on the street just
like you do now in American streets it
sounds kind of personal for you yeah I
mean to me
I hate Nazis I can't say that
you can say that so so it's like to me
working on the series's it just feels
really good to contribute to the series
like this which has at its core this
anti-nazi message and I think that's
good but not everyone likes the
anti-nazi messaging some gamers have
gotten on social media to protest the
company's ad campaigns or even
threatened to boycott the game
altogether this hasn't fazed Bethesda
the company who's publishing and
promoting the game instead of shying
away from the political messaging Pete
Hines the company's PR director is
doubling down on it a lot of companies
would say back away from it please buy
our game
well there's one main difference between
us and our game and everything else
which is games about Nazis
unless you're a Nazi there's there
should be nobody who is opposed to the
idea of being against Nazis Republican
Democrat liberal conservative it
shouldn't matter like everybody should
be unified in that against those
particular folks make American Nazi free
again
or not my America basically it sounds
like okay are we talking about Trump
here or no we're talking about Nazis
you're kind of poking the hornet's nest
here maybe a little bit but the hornet's
nest is full of Nazis so those guys
I got I'll poke a Nazi hornet's nest the
game goes beyond just Nazis oh there's
also some commentary on how white people
and black people often see America
differently
BJ blast kovitch the character you
control isn't always comfortable with
that we're organizing for a revolution
in America we
most people know Deborah Wilson from her
time as a comedian on MADtv you know
who's running the south after the Nazis
took over the Ku Klux Klan huh am i
right
but in Wolfenstein her character seems
modeled after the Black Panthers
she plays Grace Walker the leader of the
revolution against the Nazis black
America has been fighting the Nazis you
know in this fictional world and Grace
has to really lay it down and explain to
BJ hey there's this thing we have called
racism here maybe you heard of it a lot
of people playing it it's gonna be white
dudes just looking at demographics right
and doubt will make some people
uncomfortable I think I think gameplay
should make you uncomfortable really I
absolutely believe that why because you
don't learn from comfort levels if
you're comfortable in the first grade
you can stay there but that's not gonna
allow you to move forward I think a lot
of people when they play games they
don't want to be challenged like that
they may not be seeking that that's okay
if you don't see it you don't have to
want to see that but it's scary it's
going to be there anyway and it doesn't
and here's here's the thing the game
doesn't push that it has its own agenda
as a game and as a game it will do as
such you get a chance to immerse
yourself in it because you're the
catalyst once you put the game down the
game is over the game is stopped but
you're still constantly psychologically
moving through your day your experience
your life and every relationship that
you have and how you relate to
everything in your world but when you
pick it back up again you can immerse
yourself and make choices and say I
choose not to go that far in it I just
want to play that's up to you that's
a-that's America
you
you
