tonight breaking addiction with kratom I
feel normal even even through going
through a close up close with Iran's
news and how much we should trust Elon
Musk
police are investigating what caused an
explosion at a fireworks factory outside
Indonesia's capital of the more than 100
people who worked there at least 47 were
killed dozens more are being treated for
severe burns and some workers are still
missing the factories roof collapsed in
the explosion trapping people inside as
a fire engulfed the building and set off
smaller blasts after violence broke out
during Kenya's presidential election
today a do-over of a previous election
nullified over irregularities electoral
officials postponed voting in four
provinces until Saturday at least three
people were killed as police confronted
supporters of opposition leader Raila
Odinga edenia had been running against
current president Uhuru Kenyatta but he
was drew from the race and asked his
supporters to boycott the vote hundreds
of thousands of time warner's poured
into the streets of Bangkok today to say
goodbye to their late king phagon
Bhumibol Adulyadej ruled the country for
70 years and was the only King most high
citizens ever knew since he died last
October Thailand has been officially
mourning for a year his cremation
ceremony took place today marking the
end of that mourning period Twitter
announced that its immediately removing
all ads for the Kremlin funded media
outlets RT and Sputnik the company says
the decision is based on its own
internal investigation and the US
intelligence community's conclusion that
both outlets tried to interfere in the
2016 presidential election in response
Sputnik and RT tweeted Russian
government reactions that the move is a
violation of free speech and that the
Kremlin will retaliate
Twitter's decision comes less than a
week before the company is scheduled to
testify in Congress to answer questions
about Russian social media interference
in last year's election
today President Trump broke a dramatic
promise he made back on August 10th the
opioid crisis is an emergency and I'm
saying officially right now it is an
emergency it's a national emergency
we're going to spend a lot of time a lot
of effort and a lot of money on the
opioid crisis declaring it a national
emergency would have unleashed billions
in federal funds to fight the crisis now
killing more people than AIDS at its
peak but he never did and this afternoon
he officially declared the crisis a
public health emergency a lesser
designation that only gives States more
power over how they use existing federal
funds the number of states have reached
out to us asking for relief and you
should expect to see approvals that will
unlock treatment for people in need and
those approvals will come very very fast
not like in the past very very quickly
the lack of an adequate federal response
for hundreds of thousands of addicted
Americans means that many might be
forced to find their own desperate
solutions and for some that answer is a
natural drug called kratom for centuries
in Southeast Asia people have used the
leaves of the kratom tree to treat
opiate addiction kratom is available in
the US and cheap at just a dollar or two
per dose but it's also unregulated often
adulterated and has been linked to
several fatalities a few states have
made it illegal and last year the DEA
came close to imposing a national ban
but despite the risks more and more
Americans are turning to the barely
understood drug to break their
addictions
and you did
then
I don't want to go to rehab done that
I've done suboxone I've done afternoon
this time I want to try to kratom one
time my parents got me enrolled to a
methadone clinic oh my god seriously
they get emotes of methadone clinic is
over six ranch you ever have like
they're all day sick is
waiting for you get like all your
approved so you could get your first
dose you're just changing out a
dependency for something else and it's
just it costs just as much I want to see
like those 15 bucks you spend a day
there you could just be getting a sack
and when I owed Eid you just see
everything fade to black basically
anything slowly they fades black like
your vision and then like I could hear
the person I was with me like yelling my
name and they just like hear you're his
voice fading out and then I guess the
ambulance brought me back and I was like
yeah I want to go to the hospital
oh yeah this is stupid
 you you learn and grow up
I think kratom is a good option this
time I tried it before one time when I
was withdrawing a couple times generally
made me feel like seven eight and a 90%
better from the withdrawals I do think
it can I can use it as a tool to get
clean so that trash is coming tomorrow
so you gonna pick that up it's
gonna be gone and that's that is five
grams right there now wake up this is
usually the hardest thing the hungry and
be hurt I'm gonna be hurting and we're
gonna be like not not wanting to get out
of bed if I take this upon waking up
shaking me well for just six hours
this morning had my tea prepared so I
drink that right away and then somewhat
of a little mental battle ensued there
once one part of me is telling you no
stick stick to the plan stick to the
plan and then other parts just telling
me you know it just just get high
basically I went to the trash can found
my syringe and recovered two cartons
I basically sponge that up and got
myself a little clean up shot out of
that we're kind of back to square one
starting over but it's it's okay it
happens and I'm gonna try again tomorrow
so this morning I woke up around 7:00 I
had goose bumps I was yawning a lot
I had the runny nose really sensitive to
the cold had a robe and it being on and
everything so after about thirty minutes
of me taking the tea I kind of noticed
everything went away is you can see now
I don't have any juice promise my nose
isn't really runny at all I'm pretty
stable I would say so I'm just gonna try
to keep this up the rest of the day I
plan on reading again probably about
three hours from now probably my first
18 about eight three months now that's
around the five-hour mark I'm starting
to get sensitive to be cold again I did
have them runny nose coming back a
little bit on the goose bumps they're
creeping back in basically as a fixer or
going away
most people would be like banging their
head against the wall or searching the
carpet I just have my mind trying to
trick me a little bit since it is the
early stages but that's that's something
I can deal with I feel normal even even
through going through withdrawals
my body is detoxing the heroin out and
they're still feeling fine there it's
been out of my system for a little over
24 hours now
we actually started looking at kratom
back in 2003 before it was ever really
on anybody's radar screen in the US when
we got the profile back of Michigan and
the major alkaloid from kratom it was
interacting with opioid receptors which
we we assumed it would but it was
interacting with other targets that are
known to be involved in drug abuse also
in pain transmission and also in
withdrawal we saw it blocking withdrawal
symptoms in mice we started to get
really excited about that then what
we're seeing in our hands for the first
time is that Mitch Organa does not seem
to have addictive potential or abuse
potential ultimately it would be great
to show a head-to-head comparison to
methadone or buprenorphine suboxone and
have an alternative there that is not
addictive in and of itself if we go back
and look at traditional use there's
never been one reported deaths in
Thailand or Malaysia or Southeast Asia
from kratom alone once we move into the
United States we really don't know where
the products coming from and we really
look at it as a buyer beware marketplace
right now
so it's been three weeks now since I've
been clean from heroin I still am taking
kratom over all the withdrawals were
really really mild I did feel really
unmotivated and just very apathetic for
a few days there was a few days where I
was just laying in my bed just for like
14 hours straight but after that I had
no symptoms at all right now I feel
perfect I just plan to keep staying busy
I found boredom was a huge trigger I am
saving up to go to Universal Studios
this Halloween as kind of a reward for
being clean
Scott Lloyd is the head of the Office of
refugee resettlement a federal agency
tasked with helping refugees become
integrated in American society so the
fact that Lloyd testified today before
the House Judiciary Subcommittee is not
surprising on its own but today there
was a line of protesters waiting outside
the door because Lloyd is now notorious
for his role in the just-concluded Jane
Doe case in which he tried and failed to
prevent an undocumented teenager from
having an abortion to sum up his
testimony he got brutalized it's a
yes-or-no question mr. Lloyd do you
believe that a woman's constitutional
right to abortion depends on her
immigration status yes or no a number of
Rights that is not a yes or no answer
mr. I answered that any number of Rights
depend on where they stand in terms of
our emigration I do not understand that
answer is that a yes or a No I'll take
that as a No what alarmed lawmakers was
the recent revelation that over the past
six months
Lloyd has used his role as the head of a
federal agency to direct the
reproductive lives of minors in federal
custody according to emails and
documents made public by the ACLU before
Lloyd became our our director he
traveled to a San Antonio shelter to
meet with a pregnant hunter and miner he
then sent an email to shelter staff
asking them to accommodate the girls
requests for bananas and more
comfortable sleeping conditions though
the girl had a family member interested
in taking care of her
Lloyd offered to connect her instead
with families who could help see her
through her pregnancy in another email
Lloyd warned a subordinate that Orr
supervised facilities should support no
abortion services only life-affirming
option counseling Lloyd's approach is
unusual when I was president Qian Orr I
would not have been involved with an
individual case at that level it did not
happen when I was
and I had not heard of it happening
previously I think it would be out of
the ordinary for Lloyd though this is
just an extension of a career made
advocating a pro-life agenda as a young
law student
Lloyd assisted in the Terri Schiavo case
which he fought against a husband's
wishes to remove a vegetative patient
from life support who later worked with
anti-abortion group Americans United for
life during the Bush administration he
helped write the conscience rule which
made it legal for doctors to refuse to
perform services like abortion if they
believed they were morally wrong Lloyd
has published pieces on the evils of
abortion and contraception he once
suggested women on subsidized birth
control should have to promise not to
have an abortion if the contraception
fails but pro-life advocacy is not
refugee policy so Lloyd's appointment to
work on refugee resettlement raises
questions about the injection of
ideology into key positions in the Trump
administration and the Lloyd failed to
block jane doe's abortion pro-life
advocates have succeeded in shaping
government policy a new draft of the
Department of Health and Human Services
strategic plan calls for support of
Americans at every stage of life
beginning at conception the US House of
Representatives passed non nuclear
sanctions on Iran today targeting the
country's ballistic missile program and
support for Hezbollah there's also a
push to officially designate the cuts
force of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard
Corps as a terrorist organization those
are significant moves but neither will
touch the joint comprehensive plan of
action otherwise known as the Iran
nuclear deal that multilateral agreement
put in place by Obama in 2015 lifted
crippling sanctions against Iran in
return for regular inspections of its
nuclear facilities Trump has made the
destruction of that deal a centerpiece
of his presidency and I don't think
you've heard the last of it believe me
this is the current nuclear research
center 40 miles outside of Tehran the
facility is under IAEA inspection and
scientists here say they're in full
compliance with the terms of the nuclear
deal what is this the others receive
this is a cyclotron machine this is one
of the particle accelerators top Iranian
nuclear officials say they were taken by
surprise with president Trump's decision
last week to decertify the deal they
didn't actually take him seriously so
you're saying you weren't expecting this
surprises because you see we think that
no matter who is going to be in home
usually the one who is in home has to
react in a rational way so what do you
understand is the problems the president
Trump hands with your adherence to that
program I mean what is he saying you're
not doing nobody knows what he is saying
is not convincing anybody but there's a
warning that if the agreement goes away
for good
the Iranians have a contingency plan
already in place we have taken into
consideration the worst scenario and
more situation so there is a plan B if
if if the president does decide to tear
up this agreement yeah there have been
from beginning all visit a plan B
because we don't of course have
confidence all the American
administration from the Trump
administration standpoint one problem
with the deal was that ad in car Barons
ballistic missile program or restrict
the influence its elite Islamic
Revolutionary Guard Corps has brought to
bear in the region ally sham Connie is
one of the most powerful military
figures in Iran he's head of the Supreme
National Security Council and an advisor
to the supreme leader Ayatollah Ali
Khamenei
intelligence is another long before
television but I wanna shake him oh what
a DVD microrna wanna excited her girls
the gang now Dean Ambrose - Sara pasaron
more amiibo right there jangle a
terrific a separate person team
entitlement study here
well it's Rob I mean you know Italian
this is the first time sham Connie has
talked to an American network in his
current position what's your overall
message to the American side as they
consider what measures to take next
Kieran Kieran she gets no positions
Iran has their own heart 84 said Parrish
missus vassal of the human what about
you BAE and a Cossack a nest but mr.
Trump Martin will play together
Benedictine when I came over jalebis
saying that you need he tell you don't
ever get educated that there is more
fair anomalies decertification has been
a boon for conservative hardliners who
were skeptical about the nuclear deal
from the beginning the fear is the
president Trump's decision will weaken
the reformist progressive wing of
iranian politics that was responsible
for signing the deal in the first place
and that could impact the people that
helped propel reformist president
rouhani to victory in may's election on
a platform of engagement with the US
people like Heidi Sadie who runs an
underground tattoo studio out of his
bedroom in the outskirts of Tehran he
charges an average of $100 a head to
customers he finds online thanks to Lucy
internet restrictions here over the past
few years
tattooing isn't illegal in Iran but it
can still get you into trouble
patty says almost all his clientele get
inked on parts of their body that hadn't
sumter also Dunedin called EMS ready
boson
surrender holy Mercedes and humid and
hotels are secure when you say
libertarian solid option in Utah zero to
manage social call
Paddy's friend Maddie Muhammad Ian is
getting his tattoo here since he works
at a public institution where it's still
not accepted if President Trump and the
Iranian government continue to have
these these these issues be worried that
things could change with with social
attitudes again for them for the worse a
fake name aconitine battleship that
anything based on mission
but he's studying in the zone in Robert
leamon bomb recovery establish a muscle
arm to vertical and you so let's see
what secretly Joey push me out but I
felt quantities already Colombian sense
each gas now attached to the shower yeah
India muscle idiot I give all energy
might hold on to you a parable in June
Tesla CEO Elon Musk
told shareholders that a prototype of a
fully electric semi trucks would be
ready in September but then the semi was
delayed Elon Musk tweeting last night
test the semi truck unveil and test ride
tentatively scheduled for October 26th
in Hawthorne worth seeing this beast in
person it's unreal it was supposed to
come out today except there's been
another setback
musk is prone to bold pronouncements
he's announced plans to build a big
 rocket capable of flying from New
York to Shanghai in 39 minutes that same
rocket could get an unmanned mission to
Mars by 2022 humans on the red planet by
2024 I feel fairly confident that we can
complete the ship and be ready for a
launch in about five years five years
seems like a long time to me but amidst
all the starry promises
how does must perform on the dull matter
of actually hitting his self-proclaimed
deadlines the Falcon heavy
SpaceX's giant rocket that straps
together three Falcon 9 rocket was first
announced in 2011 I think most likely
what you'll see is rocket at the pad
towards the end of next year and then
launch sometime in 2015
six years since it was initially
introduced SpaceX still hasn't launched
Falcon Heavy it actually ended up being
way way harder to do Falcon Heavy than
we thought because at first it sounds
really easy just stick to first stages
on is trapped on boosters yeah how hard
can that be in 2011 SpaceX said its
Dragon spacecraft would be ready to fly
its first manned mission in 2014 but by
2014 SpaceX was only just revealing a
spacecraft capable of taking people into
space and was nowhere close to launching
the Dragon version too capable of
carrying up to seven astronauts
propulsively landing almost anywhere in
the world
earlier this year SpaceX scaled back
expectations of a crewed mission yet
again
Tesla Musk's electric car company is
also chronically tardy
there has been delay after delay after
delay for the model 3 here we have a
company that has missed every launch
date by years and every production
commitment significantly hey they're
always late it comes to getting vehicles
out on time and investors are so used to
that that maybe it won't be a problem it
hasn't been so far SpaceX is one of the
most valuable privately held companies
and Tesla's market cap rivals those of
other major car makers hi my name is
Peggy bass and I'm the writer and
director of Novus yet you'll be spending
the next six months as postulants after
that lived in Japan officiant any
questions put your hand down sister
postulants don't have questions and you
are free to go home
the movie is about a young girl who goes
into a training program to become a nun
in the early 1960s at the same time
period of something called Vatican 2
which created a period of great reform
in the Catholic Church I just happened
to disagree with it all of it not to
mention it's a slap in the face that the
sisters weren't given any voice in the
matter I read a biography of mother
Teresa I was getting on a plane and I
like realized that I didn't have
anything good to read and if he was
right around the time that she had died
that'd be boring probably what
fascinated me most about it was the
intensity and passion
sort of romantic nature of her
relationship with God and how much it
seemed very similar to love
relationships that I've seen or
experienced myself between two people I
was like okay that I want to make him
leave out nuns I think what compelled me
was like one that I could make a movie
about love which was like my favorite
topic and two that I could have an
almost all-female cast which was like my
biggest dream
Melissa showed up the first week of
rehearsal she came over to my house that
I was staying in at 9:00 in the morning
on a Sunday and stayed 12 hours and I
remember at one point it was like maybe
three or something like that and I was
like hey it's like when I have lunch and
she's like lunch working here I was like
wow Melissa works harder than I work
accusing myself of being intimate with
someone intimate I can have their sister
feeling love for her and I don't think
it was a sin I don't think it was a sin
because it didn't feel like I said it
felt like I'm supposed to feel we had
seven days before we started shooting
which is called a nun camp and all the
young girls arrived and they were taught
how to walk they were taught how to pray
they were talking this sort of
discipline choreography of nuns or of
taking communion or things like that
people like naturally crack a lot of
jokes and stuff when they put on a habit
or they'll make little rap videos once
you put on a habit it's like they're
it's just non-stop silliness so we had a
former nun who is our tech advisor tech
advisor in on any movie is like somebody
who really comes from that world who's
just kind of sitting behind monitor with
the director and watching everything is
it's going on and checking for
authenticity one time she caught an
extra in a dining room scene was like
eating really voraciously and little
things that I never would have found in
the research where she's like no nuns
are supposed to eat very
ladylike way if I could dedicate the
movie to anyone I would dedicate it to
this lost community of women just like
wiped out by Vatican 2 but it was this
incredibly sort of sacrificial profound
self-contained community of women that
once was that doesn't really exist
anymore
and in a way like I'd like the movie to
be a requiem to a lost world of women
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
October 26
you
