that was fun now I forgot where I was
well that sounded cool is that
Nickelback how are you picking these
songs I like the part where they go whoa
or something like that I own and I just
thought like the person has separation
anxiety I've never heard that particular
chord progression in a song before which
is rare because I mean there's only so
many chords right but it was four to
three yeah that was a weird one that's
awesome that you knew the chord
progression did you know who it was
no thanks Oh God
sounds like a band that is open for us
but uh I have no idea who it is the
guitars would come in there they rest on
one and they come in after well I heard
that too I fit I almost felt like that
it was a unnatural to felt like it was a
theater bass little edit to make that
sound like perhaps I put it that way
it's a blink-182 offshoot Naoko puck
Nickelback is it Nickelback yeah she
said knuckle but I'm not gonna like it's
nothing humble pie knucklepuck got cool
pot knuckle puck okay well I wonder
about with these rapping tracks are the
offsetting the vocal like I know in
Ableton you can offset the timing it
sounds like the vocals consistently 20
milliseconds behind the beat and I know
nobody can sing didn't you play around
with that once like you wanted to like
push your vocal back yeah sound kind of
like that I know they're doing we know
these tricks very old-school
Kesha pink it's pink oh wow cool got
like a country thing that she has but as
rad thought it's rad you thought it was
right yeah cool and she goes she sings
that minor third in the major key yes
let me who wrote without her she did
with Jack Antonoff Jack Antonoff son of
a gun
this is actually really helpful for us
to tap beat beat to do this every
force-fed songs like this
you
