what do you define is your brand I'd say
like adventure love we're into fashion
yeah living in the moment
van light is a growing lifestyle
movement spread by social media where
young people live on the road often with
the express purpose of documenting their
travels to date there are over 2 million
posts on Instagram tagged van life Jimmy
and Sabrina Horrell are up-and-coming
van life influences they met at USC
backpacked around the world and then
went on the road in their old VW over a
year ago they've since amassed close to
90,000 Instagram followers across their
two accounts so this is our kitchen okay
here we have like a two burner stove the
sink works with just a fun let me show
you how it works
regular oh yeah and then here's all our
storage this one so how does the bed
work this is so much smaller than I feel
like it looks on Instagram yeah I think
it might be the wide-angle lens that
makes it look a little bit bigger but
it's pretty small in here
why did you want to do family well I
guess she has it sound it's really like
we just inspired by the hippies of like
you know the sixties and the seventies
yeah we always had this desire to be
free before it just kind of felt like a
slave like to the system or to my boss
how do you make money now creating
content for brands and different
companies like on social media
how much money do you make from doing
things like this it's less than we made
out of our old jobs it's less even that
I made on my own at my hotel job that we
were making a combined 100k a year we
left like a pretty comfortable lifestyle
for one that's not comfortable would you
consider yourselves capitalists no what
would you what would you call yourself I
would say I'm anti-capitalist but I'm
definitely like banking on capitalism
right now like I'm taking advantage of
the system but I don't agree with the
system fatigue yeah the band's warming
up it's morning in Vermont we're about
to hit the road with Sabrina and Jimmy
to head to Boston and see what a day and
the life on the road is like for them
right now it's like going through some
weird emails as we have like some papers
about like logger agent opportunities
like looking at their website
going on their Instagram accounts and
sync the kind of engagements they have
do you look at the aesthetics of the
companies - like if it doesn't matter
style I won't think twice about it I'll
just say no Jimmy and Sabrina's
influence or aspirations could have a
huge payoff last year alone an industry
study found that brands spent more than
half a billion dollars on sponsored
Instagram posts one digital marketing
agency shared its clients average pay
with us from micro influencers all the
way up to the top-tier social
celebrities with those at the highest
level getting up to $50,000 per post
I've had Instagram for a while but
unlike Jimmy and Sabrina I've never
managed to turn my selfies into a viable
business model so I met with the head of
influencer marketing at a New York ad
agency to find out what it would take to
turn a person like me into a personal
brand can you look at my Instagram all
right so you want to look at your
content holistically and see what's
performing well and what's not what's
great about this is you do have a lot of
content see you're being artsy there you
got some rainbows on something chucks
see that could be a sponsored post you
can do hashtag ad who could like do an
at converse to try to like draw in
commerce yeah some women will show a
little skin and that builds followers
but never ever post like 10 posts in a
row do one maybe two a day that's it you
know somebody's trying too hard when
they have a million hashtags you want to
be selective about your hashtags and
who's your pirate friend that's my
father and you got puppies puppies are
always good for attention more of you
though I to post more like pictures of
myself will do is take a picture of you
and we'll see how it performs that tilt
the angle just a little bit to try to
get some kind of oh that's cute my first
post as an influencer is there hope for
me the truth is that everybody can try
to do it only a few people really rise
to the top but you know there's hope for
everybody
holy you guys look amazing right
now Sabrina and jenni are basically
going to work they are creating photos
and content for a watch company that's
Instagram famous we charge anywhere like
from seventy five dollars two hundred
and fifty dollars per Instagram post
like something crazy even about this
watch is a kendall Jenner it was
actually the spokesperson so when they
contacted me and I had seen it on her
Instagram before I was like oh my
goodness yes please so like now that
we're at that level where brands
consider us among the rankings of the
best so it's like a little bit
flattering when that happens you know
all right well let's see the magic
happen I want to see you guys do this
shoot what do you see for yourselves in
the next year you know we're working
right now with a venture capitalist to
launch an e-commerce site on our website
so we'll start selling products of other
brands and launching our own product as
well we're growing like thousands of
Dage and the more followers we have the
more money we'll make per post
so just to the stars from here do you
have an amount of money that's a goal
for you to make a million dollars a year
no more I won't stop I'm gonna be the
next Oprah skinnier
would you keep living in a van if you're
making over a million dollars a year
