so the plan now is declare all of these
buildings up to the river and that would
cut off the hospital from the old city
take the hospital and then all is left
in the old city
Shell's like that is landing sometimes
every few minutes it looks like
Abbey won't be Jordan mother the child
do you remember what it was like when -
first got to town
she'd want a loaf she's not butter she's
local she she's not Jewish good that
she's not my chef why were you arrested
banana - sorry tentative rebounder sloth
I will first of all I really varistor
and I can you know us to suss
do you understand why so many of your
fellow Iraqis would never want you to
come back into a rocky society they're
scared that you're a threat to the
community
- hey more Indian Rafi will be had a
movie Delmar Lara what do you think your
future looks like
- Ella - marty-mar seriously
