one flick time Jamie do we got shots
fired 415 a as a route to 91 federal ago
a fire
we don't know
Hey right now we need your truck we just
need to get people over to the hospital
okay
try now
Stephen Craig paddocks motives are
unknown but his intent is clear law
enforcement found 16 guns in the hotel
rooms he shot from two mounted on
tripods for accuracy at least 59 people
are dead and at least 500 more injured
this is the 7th mass shooting of the
year according to data from Mother Jones
and the deadliest in the United States
since records have been kept Congress
hasn't passed a significant piece of gun
control legislation since 2007 and is
moving forward this month on a bill to
make it easier to buy and sell silencers
Hurricane Maria brought everyday life in
Puerto Rico to a standstill
destroying roads cutting off water and
turning the lights out on 3.4 million
people nearly two weeks later there have
been some signs of progress most of the
islands gas stations are open and its
main highway is clear but about half of
Puerto Rico's residents still don't have
running water and almost the entire
island is with that power in an
interview with vice news governor
ricardo rosado said Puerto Rico is a
long way from getting back to normal
people are still clamoring for food
water fuel for their basic necessities
it's severe devastation it looks like a
war zone
but Rocio also defended president
Trump's response to the crisis which has
come under intense criticism including
from the mayor of San Juan we have done
an incredible job considering there's
absolutely nothing to work with
they've been phenomenal they've been
great they've executed properly
everything we've asked of the federal
government and the state government they
have actually complied but at the same
time understanding that we need a lot
more on top of everything else
Puerto Rico is also struggling to keep
order in the post-hurricane chaos one
way they've been trying to do that is by
enforcing a curfew every night at 9:00
p.m.
since Hurricane Maria cops in Puerto
Rico have been working 12-hour shifts
with almost no days off many of them
patrol the night after the island-wide
curfew kicks in in the streets well Nina
no Tennessee in a companion Anthony
their butt off yet a no pain say no pain
say que que el impacto de Luna can you
send como Paso thank Randy no pain
second o Allah o da mucho miedo de
compañía que si way perdido en su
totally odd in case a mimosa get an hour
under not report any mass and cannibal
super volcano on for the Oh Sally no no
Tina officers get word of a theme of
food delivery and stop to maintain order
each ration is meant to last families
for two days
Vava has no podían Terrell when you
orient illegal and we're together on
my god
vamos a la patria okay yeah okay sup
when they say regalado a la gente lo
sabe
the curfew is strict but the police make
a few exceptions like for food this is
the last time many people will be able
to eat until tomorrow including the
officers a DES effect also Casa La Rocca
know like asado not being a camina
camina camina a la casa like I talked
about the ideal
that's what yes in my video by Lea
su familia table en you control condo
tiempo you've an ascender a patria hippo
la noche a las doce - extra dango and
Armenia a Manson poquito leave it super
awkward
it's almost 1:30 right now we're with
about five or six police cars on our way
to a business that's still selling
alcohol they heard gunshots from there
just a few minutes ago
local control traffic already broken for
a second I had cattle
lines start forming for necessities like
ice and gas as early as 3 a.m. many
people sleep in their cars until the
stations open even though there's no
guarantee there'll be any gas when that
happens several hours later come on tell
me no soon on shake a possible new
tamiya soon oj
complete ammonite road oh no no so trope
way Freddy most lvc oh he no in caminar
con nuestra familia por el de Santana
see Tom Owen friend Ando seguridad de
que te la herida on que se sienta un
poco seguro que yo bear no petroleum no
bellow so Theresa's in town que que lo
estamos cuidado
a complete on went insane Odin Procopio
Tamid Ando Thomas Calzado llamo a Utah
pero yo Don máximo Dondo todo por por
por este piney Porat Yosef
the Supreme Court is back in session
today after it's summer vacation and
among the key decisions in front of the
justices are three rematches of cases
that ended in split decisions last time
around the newest justice Neil Gorsuch
will now be the tie-breaking vote but he
may not be the focus of the arguments
the Supreme Court had two cases today
including sessions v de Maya an
immigration case that will impact
thousands of people basically if you're
a legal immigrant and get convicted of
an aggravated felony you can be deported
the problem is one type of aggravated
felony is called a crime of violence and
no one actually knows what that means
lawyers arguing against sessions claim
that it's too broadly defined which
makes it unconstitutional the courts job
is to decide if it's too vague or not
that case is one of three three
arguments that the court is hearing this
term cases that were heard when the
court was just down to eight justices
before Neel gore searched was appointed
so essentially this is a second bite of
the Apple for the attorneys involved in
these cases they've got the rare
opportunity to go back and listen to the
recordings of the cases being argued the
first time around so they don't get on
the wrong side of the most important
justice in the case before your white
light goes on could you address your
first argument that the vagueness
standard is different here than in
Johnson that was Justice Anthony Kennedy
the first time sessions v de Maya was
heard and even though Gorsuch is the new
guy it's still Justice Kennedy the
Supreme Court watchers are focusing on
this term yes the cases were tied four
to four than the decisive vote is likely
to be Justice Kennedy's not justice
courses and the attorneys will be
arguing to Justice Kennedy that's not a
change it's been the kennedy court for a
long time
Justice Kennedy was known nicely to the
call by Republican President Reagan in
1987 but in his 30 years on the bench
he's often swung both ways in gun rights
case DC versus Heller Kennedy sided with
the conservative justices in striking
down a handgun ban in the District of
Columbia whereas on the Affordable Care
Act he sided with the Democratic
appointed justices
favor of Obamacare justice Gorsuch
clerked for Justice Kennedy and the
question is whether he will reign
Justice Kennedy over to the conservative
side it's a group of nine people with
very human dynamics and they're going to
be interacting in a new way with justice
Gorsuch and how he will affect the
internal dynamics of the court is going
to be crucial for the future of freedom
this may be Candy's last chance to shape
any laws there have been rumours he
might retire and if it does that would
give President Trump the chance to
secure a conservative majority on the
cause he could possibly retire at the
end of this term and if he does the
court will be transformed more
dramatically there's been in several
decades it's incredible how much this is
the kennedy court and how different the
court would look is he were to retire
Spain is facing calls for international
mediation today following it's botched
response to a referendum on independence
for the region of Catalonia the
government in Madrid ruled the vote
illegal and sent riot police to try to
stop it by force resulting in close to
900 injuries and chaos at polling
stations but the vote went on and
Catalan leaders claimed a landslide
victory saying that 90 percent of voters
chose to leave Spain the less than 50%
of Catalonians support independence in
less than half of them cast ballots but
the violence around the vote has enraged
the separatists and shocked the Spanish
public and now Spain is dealing with its
biggest territorial crisis since the
collapse of the Franco dictatorship on
polling day
France s calm Anja arrived before dawn
at the school where he's registered to
vote
he's a scientists and a father of three
not an activist he only became
pro-independence a year ago risking
arrest to support this vote isn't
something he ever expected to do bullies
will appear from time to time we shall
not do nothing just sitting down
do not talk to the police you'll not say
nothing to the police
just sit down the catalan police had
been ordered to clear the schools and
prevent an illegal vote but they said in
the interest of Public Safety they would
allow the schools to remain open if the
protests were large enough but elsewhere
the Spanish National Police were using
force so have you seen this that's
happening at a school across town now
what kind of police are they these
Spanish police the anti disturbs from
Spanish police I think okay it doesn't
makes me happy
as word spread of violent police raids
on polling stations some independent
supporters moved to defend them just
before the polls open Spanish national
police surrounded the Ramon y school and
closed the streets leading to it but
student activists found a way in
the police charged the school to seize
the ballot boxes making voting
impossible within a few hours Spanish
police had forced the closure of 93
voting centers across Catalonian France
s school wasn't one of them
but suspected government interference
with castle an election software delayed
the vote by hours its major failure of
politics here politics fails what's the
alternative
I don't know my let's say emotional
relationship with the country that we
call Spain needs
pretty damaged Society for me for my
family I think the rest of us
these ranchers are growing a lot of
fruit they can produce tons and tons of
fruit per acre now and because of that
there's tons and tons of food for
nuisance birds the e you're talking
$50,000 worth of fruit that could be
lost to birds but if you bring in
Falcons you can definitely reduce that
significantly the birds are actively
chasing the nuisance birds and running
them out of the vineyard every year I am
still meeting ranchers have never even
heard of it before
the benefit that they can reap from the
service they're eating it up and it's
growing and every year there's more and
more farmers and industry that are using
it is a means of natural bird control
every other form of bird control mimics
a threat or is just an annoyance or
disturbance to the birds and since it's
not actively like chasing them and
trying to catch them the nuisance
species learn that it's not actually a
threat very quickly the different
falcons have different hunting styles so
they're just like different tools in a
toolbox so like you fly a bird like
goose and that just puts presents out
like everywhere like every bird around
here knows that she's in the air right
now
and they're like that's not a safe place
to be and then you get out of bird like
Sam who goes and he's like a sweeper
he'll get down and he'll bust them out
then and then you get another bird that
goes up
Douce is doing all the work I'm just
here to supervise I work for five to six
months of the year seven days a week
from basically sunrise to sundown if you
get kind of lonely out here sometimes
start talking to the birds who's up next
Oh a Lizabeth it's about last year I
believe my company did upwards like a
hundred and twenty thousand dollars in
revenue so right now my company is both
me and I hold maybe ten contracts the
season it's pretty physically demanding
I mean I easily walk upwards of 10 plus
miles a day early on in a contract
there's birds everywhere so it makes a
lot of sense to walk rows as you get
further into the contract and you've got
a point where you have things under
control
it doesn't make as much sense to walk in
between those you can drive my birds
will either ride in the truck with me
and fly out the car window it things and
right on top of the truck or just follow
the truck from above and that way I can
cover a little more ground it's really
important to keep the birds cool and
hydrated just like us
if you were to ask my mother she'd say
I've always been a little bird weird I
see a lot of opportunity in Falconeri
Bateman is a creator every year there's
more and more farmers and industry that
are using it is a means of natural bird
control
that's vice news tonight from Monday
October 2nd
you
you
