during the eight years of the Obama
presidency more guns were sold in this
country than ever before today we've
come here to the largest independently
owned gun store in America to learn
about the future of the gun industry
there if you can just tell me a little
bit about this shop
sure my father started back in the mid
50's as a coin shop bought a coin
collection that had some guns with it
and that got him started in the gun
business it was the gun industry strong
in North Carolina back then nothing like
today most gun companies went bankrupt
between wars the history of gun business
has been one of boom and bust so looking
around it feels like we're in a boom
right now probably what the biggest
moves ever how many different gun models
and you guys have your thousands now is
in competition hunting collecting
doomsday doomsday yes preference people
that think that you have a nuclear
attack or a young type of pandemic
they're getting ready yes what are the
most popular guns so the most popular
gun is been the ar-15 type the military
looking good bring it inside your
shoulder just a little bit why do you
low in guns it's just like one of the
golf boards some people go for beers
some people do they are
in the past decade the gun industry has
grown by an unprecedented amount there
are now over a hundred and thirty
thousand federal licenses issued to sell
firearms in America compare that to the
estimated 14,000 McDonald's nationwide
you have almost ten times as many
potential places to buy a gun as you do
a Big Mac to accommodate this growth gun
manufacturing has expanded massively so
we're at Caltech this is the largest gun
manufacturer in Florida and one of the
largest in the country they're also the
only gun manufacturer we contacted he
was willing to let us film inside hey
hey
good nice to meet you this challenge
step on out here this is our warehouse
this is the front half of our CNC shop
we have three shifts and we run them
pretty much 24/7
really
what's your favorite part of your job
you can do this with his eyes closed at
this point right we do about a hundred
and fifty thousand guns a year every
year that that border seems to get
bigger while manufacturing work
nationwide has declined drastically
since the eighties the gun industry has
actually created more jobs during
eighty-one percent since 2008 what do
you attribute this growth in Celtx to I
think with the political landscape being
what it was over the last eight years
people really needed stuff you know they
felt like their rights were gonna be
taken away so they needed to get this
that and the other before they couldn't
get him anymore the way the gun industry
is portrayed by the media how does the
gun industry feel about that we feel
attacked you know anytime you've got a
political landscape that wants to put
260 people out of work no matter what
we're making that's an attack a lot of
that is perpetuated by the media and a
way to cover these you know these mass
shootings and these terrible things that
happen so why do gun sales go up after
mass shootings then every time that
happens the public that owns firearms
they want to get those things before
they get banned
the phenomenon and Chad describes
actually defined the Obama era it's a
country we have been through this too
many times and we're gonna have to come
together and take meaningful action to
prevent more tragedies like this
regardless of the politics while Obama
was pushing for tougher gun control laws
after Sandy Hook the three largest gun
makers earned a record-breaking 247
million dollars in profits the following
year the years 2009 to 2016 have been
referred to as the Barak boom when five
of the 10 deadliest mass shootings in
recent American history occurred and gun
sales nearly doubled it's not even the
fact that a particular firearm was used
in a shooting it's the fact that
everyone's scared that the government's
gonna ban that particular gun now
circumstances have fundamentally changed
Donald Trump's win ensured that no gun
control laws would be forthcoming would
send gun stocks into a downward spiral
without the fear of gun control the
firearms industry is missing its
greatest marketing tool ever so they're
having to innovate there's no better way
to ensure the future security of an
industry than appealing to the next
generation whose eyes she competes
against retired military active duty law
enforcement Border Patrol I get asked
all the time oh my gosh are you worried
when she starts dating and I go not at
all shooter ready
stand by
last year at the Smith & Wesson
nationals she placed fourth in the
country and free team rifle that's
excellent
that last year's in a rate convention
one of her sponsors advertised
appearances at their booth for her and I
was stunned I turned around and there
was a line of 40 adults that were lined
up to get her autograph two hours I'm
just signing industry sponsored
organizations donate tens of millions of
dollars to use shooting programs every
year and just like the X Games did for
skateboarders these shooting leagues
that transform their young participants
into branding gold for gun businesses
alamo tactical have sponsored two
pistols for her milan live a
custom-built her ar-15s blade tech
provide all of the magazine holders the
gun belts the different holsters gun for
hire for the last three years running
has given her a check for $5,000 a year
to help cover expenses in a lot of ways
it's like NASCAR
the more you contribute the bigger you
get advertised on the Jersey Cheyenne
and Vanessa don't just shoot
competitively they're also part of an
organization co-founded by Cheyenne's
father that advocates for gun rights
known as you shooters of America
so Cheyenne you spoke to the New Jersey
Senate when you were 10 years old about
what at the time they were trying to
lower the magazine limits 10 rounds and
I was saying how that could potentially
hurt my career
and I'm no longer would be able to do it
in that state if they had passed that
long and what happened and they didn't
pass it they vetoed it in their fight
for broader gun laws these kids have
become America's youngest gun lobbyists
are we gonna see the normalization of
guns in this country on some level I
believe that the movement of gun control
is almost on life support I think we
have a four year window that if we do it
right we could actually put a serious
serious setback the next phase and the
gun rights movement has already begun
this year two separate bills were
introduced before Congress which would
greatly expand the rights of concealed
carrier's effectively erasing many
gun-free zones within public schools and
government lands and the firearms
industry has already at lockstep with
this legislation as they accessorize to
meet the needs of the concealed carry
consumer it's a breakaway opening
everything is
I created concealed carry line of
holsters that were practical for women
you wouldn't know it but I'm actually
carrying three firearms of the knife the
name of the jacket is executive I'm
ready to roll pepper spray fully
weighted 9-millimeter shield
here's a nine and in here magazine
concealed carry is growing in popularity
as more people feel the need to protect
themselves everywhere they go but
they're protecting themselves from can
vary greatly Mohammed Schwab is a
dentist who recently decided to conceal
carry even at work about a year and a
half ago I got my concealed weapons
permit it's a 357 and it'll do its job
it doesn't even have a safety on it it's
all you have to do is pull the trigger
that's it I will
dr.xu Abe got his concealed carry permit
because as a Syrian Muslim he felt
increasingly targeted and in danger
because of it when you walk with your
wife in the mall you can see how people
look at her like they just want to come
and tear her scarf off like it's
bothering them or something is the
Muslim community here feeling more
targeted very it's not like all of a
sudden you have an influx of white
supremacy
it's like this cost negative rhetoric is
infusing them with something and you
never know who's gonna switch up on you
that's why I carry it doesn't make you
feel safer no the gun no having it on
you makes you think of the worst case
scenario more it's become an environment
where nobody is comfortable we're
standing outside of the Islamic Society
of New Tampa this mosque was attacked by
an arsonist last week and hate crimes
like this have been on the rise since
Trump started campaigning two years ago
yeah I'll call with respect to the event
on the 23rd and 24th of October I just
wanted to let you know what reply to
your and I'm gonna
personally have a militia it's going to
come down here Islamic society a
firebombing issue who ever been on fight
in the end I'll get a computer bowl
hungry talk you hot dog your stand
major cut net out of my country
you're gonna die this is the
kind of stuff the community owes with
its it's it's you know our works been
growing more important by the day
unfortunately I mean we've had a huge
influx of calls for help especially
since Donald Trump started his campaign
targeting the American Muslim community
if you take him back to November of 2015
since then unfortunately we've
documented a 500% increase in
anti-muslim hate crimes mosques being
tortured and burned down our own mosque
and mosque I go to I do sermons at some
times was arson over this past weekend
how has the Muslim community in Florida
responded to that and unfortunately many
of us were pushed to start considering
taking serious measures to arm
and protect ourselves if somebody's
going to come at you or your family or
your house of worship with violent
intentions you need to be ready so sure
I'm giving the sermon you see somebody
walking in opening fire what are you
gonna do you know are you gonna have to
duck for cover and watch your members
getting slaughtered or can you whip out
your handgun and do what you have to do
to keep your community safe
can you yes you should with so many
millions of guns being produced and
purchased every year in only 10 states
requiring owners to report when they get
lost or stolen the illegal market for
guns in America is
an upcoming Harvard and Northeastern
University study estimates that 400,000
guns are stolen every year many of which
are sold on the black market researchers
estimate that these illegal guns get
used in as many as 8 out of every 10 gun
crimes by merrily in poor urban centers
like Chicago Baltimore in Detroit
so where these guns actually come from
you got this breaking it card breaking
the house is still in them and get them
from crack is niggas breaking in the gun
stores my momentum bitches with cars
what niggas might have bought illegally
and download it no ma you feel yeah why
don't you guys buy guns legally why do
you have to come here get easier on the
streets man when I lost them couple on
another I know they're a lot of
people like you for years the Obama
administration pushed for stricter gun
control laws under the belief that they
would curtail crime but that era has
given way to a different belief
the only thing that stops a bad guy with
a gun is it good it's a belief backed by
an industry that values itself at over
fifty billion dollars and a president
that broke spending records campaigning
you know when people can defend
themselves and their families we're all
safer everyone should have a gun that's
sane trained and have be able to use it
for protection I will defend my right to
own a gun until they take it from my
hands forcibly I have a thousand rounds
in my closet I hold a thousand lives in
my closet you came through for me and I
am going to come through for you
