the Supreme Court heard oral arguments
today in Gil V Whitford which could be
the first broad constitutional judgment
on gerrymandering the practice of
redrawing voting districts for political
gain in Gil the court looked at a voter
redistricting plan devised by Republican
state legislators in Wisconsin in 2011
which paved the way for a GOP sweep of
the state's government this past May the
court found splitting votes along racial
lines violates the Equal Protection
Clause but has previously refused to
issue opinions on gerrymandering more
broadly in part because it can be
difficult to prove
Jennings V Rodriguez was also argued
today after being rolled over from last
term so the justices could rehear it
with Neil Gorsuch to round out the bench
Alejandro Rodriguez the lead plaintiff
was born in Mexico but grew up in the US
as a permanent legal resident after he
was charged with drug possession the
Department of Homeland Security detained
and tried to deport him to his birth
country
Rodriguez fought the deportation and was
eventually released but not before
spending three years locked up Rodriguez
is fighting the US government in a
class-action suit for immigrants to get
regular bail hearings when they're
locked up long term the government
argues that immigrants have no right to
bail and can be held indefinitely and
they often are the plaintiffs in this
case were detained on average for more
than 400 days or searches first full
term will be packed with cases that
could reshape American law here's some
others to keep an eye on David patchak a
property owner in rural Michigan was
unhappy about the federal government's
decision to place an area of land near
his house into trust for the local
Native American gun Lake tribe which
later built a casino
patchak challenged the Interior
Department's authority to take land for
the tribe Congress responded by banning
any legal challenge related to the
property at question in patchak v zinc e
which will be heard in november is
whether congress overstepped the limits
of its power by barring patchak's
lawsuit the decision could affect
Congress's ability to protect Native
American land from political and
environmental threats like the Dakota
access pipeline when Timothy Carpenter
was a suspect in a Detroit robbery
investigation in 2011 cops tracked his
every move for months using location
data from his cell phone company they
didn't get a warrant but they didn't
need to sell sight records aren't
protected by the Fourth Amendment
because users voluntarily submit the
information to a third party the service
provider but carpenter V u.s. asks
whether these types of searches are
actually constitutional the case will
likely have a huge impact on how the
Fourth Amendment gets applied to the
role of metadata and technology
surveillance arguments haven't been
scheduled there's also no date scheduled
for perhaps the most awaited case of the
term masterpiece cake shop v Colorado
Civil Rights Commission it involves a
bakery in Colorado that violated a state
civil rights ordinance by refusing on
religious grounds to bake a wedding cake
for a gay couple the cake shop claims
that its refusal is protected by the
First Amendment the Trump administration
filed a brief supporting the bakers in
early September the decision could
establish a precedent that religious
belief creates an exception to civil
rights law or the justices could take a
more narrow approach and just decide
whether cakes constitute a form of free
speech
you
