now it's my great honor and privilege to
introduce not only the president of the
great United States of America but a
friend of mine ladies and gentlemen the
President of the United States
Luther Strange is a mainstream
Republican and a loyal yes vote which
Trump needs I said I gotta get your vote
on healthcare says you've got it I've
always been for you my family's always
been for you and honestly mr. president
if you want my vote you have it that's
the coolest thing that's happened to me
in six months okay it's true so loser
did that for me and I remembered Luther
we have to be loyal in life you know
that's probably not true of Strange's
primary opponent Roy Moore who's known
as a bit of a loose cannon the former
state Chief Justice was removed from
office twice for putting religion before
the law he's the Republican who refused
to remove a Ten Commandments monument
and plaque from the Alabama Supreme
Court building
he's also prone to controversial
comments about sexuality and race our
foundation has been shaken crime
corruption immorality abortion sodomy
sexual perversion sweep our land Moore
is leading strange in every public poll
of the race and some of trumps
best-known staffers have endorsed him
including former White House aide Steve
Bannon and Sebastian Gorka Tuesday you
must send a signal to the swamp dwellers
in DC because on November the eighth we
put a man into office who believes in
God family country that's the same as
judge Roy Moore even Sarah Palin showed
up for more in Alabama judge Moore is
gonna defend our inter
with the same still spine that he
defended those 10 commandments and by
the way I don't think there's any cooler
nickname you could have than the Ten
Commandment judge that's a badge of
honor
Trump didn't have to get involved a
Republican will probably win the race
either way but since he endorsed ranged
the race is now about the president's
power he knows he may come out on the
losing end I might have made a mistake
because you know here's a story if
Luthor doesn't win they're gonna say
Donald Trump was unable to pull his
candidate across the line
this is total embarrassment strange was
appointed by the state's disgraced
former governor who resigned because of
a sex scandal a Mitch McConnell linked
super PACs spent five million dollars
supporting the candidate those
establishment ties seemed to make him
antithetical to everything Trump ran on
and it's making some Alabama Republicans
uneasy including some of trumps closest
supporters State Representative Edie
Henry was Trump to Alabama campaign
co-chairman you talked about this
potentially affecting Donald Trump's
face I mean are you hearing that from Oh
there are a ton ton of regular
Alabamians
that are in disbelief that the man that
they put so much faith in Donald Trump
could ever put his arm around a snake
like Luther strange a counter to the
conventional wisdom in DC most of the
Trump voters backing more in Alabama
don't see the race as a referendum on
the president here's how Palin explained
it both for Judge more isn't to vote
against the president it is a vote for
the people's agenda that elected the
president's Trump's grassroots
supporters found ways to excuse him
Donald Trump's already set the tone has
formed get rid of
bad people he couldn't endorse anybody
else and get any political capital from
Mitch McConnell so I don't begrudge him
doing that that's a business move isn't
that a swamp monster move no he knows
that the people of Alabama well enough
that we're going to take care of
business on our own and he's gonna do
what he has to do and we'll do what we
have to do but it may not be the base
that the president needs to worry about
even if he's as popular as ever in the
Trump Heartland the president may find
that his friends in the Senate start
getting picked off by embolden primary
challengers like more congressman Louie
Gohmert an arch-conservative from Texas
who endorsed in campaign for more is all
for it what does that mean for other
incumbents other Republican incumbents
if he does win I think your boy wins it
will provide a great deal of freedom of
attitude as wait a minute you know you
can buck the system still get elected
like chaos on Capitol Hill though well
that's what the founders wanted the
founders wanted some chaos so it wasn't
so easy to make laws that change
people's lives for the worse
you
