tonight guiding the rage in st. Louis
you kill our kids we will kill your
economy inside Trump's voter fraud panel
and food fight in the EU
six young undocumented immigrants are
suing the Trump administration over its
plans to end a policy that allows them
to live and work in the US the suit is
the first to be brought by recipients of
daca they claim the president's decision
violates their due process rights and
was motivated by unconstitutional bias
against Mexicans and Latinos at a Dhaka
press conference in San Francisco today
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi was
interrupted by protesters demanding
protections for undocumented young
people the parents of a Georgia Tech
student who was killed over the weekend
by a campus police officer are
questioning why the officer used lethal
force the Georgia Bureau of
Investigation said police were
responding to a call about an armed
person in a cell phone video two
officers can be heard asking Scout
Schultz to drop a knife and Schultz says
quote shoot me
why did you have to shoot that's the
question
today Iraq Supreme Court temporarily
halted a referendum on Kurdish
independence planned for next Monday the
court said that judges need to review
multiple claims that the referendum is
unconstitutional before a vote can take
place but a Kurdish official set the
vote would go on as planned regardless
of the courts new ruling Israel is the
only country that has voiced support for
the referendum the lawyers for Pepe the
frogs creator Matt Fury have served
cease and desist orders to several
alt-right personalities and websites
including Richard Spencer's all right
calm fury originally created Pepe as a
non-political character but it was
appropriated by Internet bigots many of
them Trump supporters furious lawyers
have also sent takedown requests to
sites like Reddit informing them that
the alrights use of Pepe on their
platforms is copyright infringement
again
Reverend Clinton stencil the pastor of
Wayman AME Church prepared for this
moment for weeks we are not surprised
but saddened for people of color that
seems to be no justice in America we're
tired
we're frustrated again we're not
surprised it's the verdict we expected
since this the verdict that we always
get the acquittal in st. Louis last
Friday of Jason Stockley the former
police officer who killed Anthony Lamar
Smith after a high-speed chase in 2011
has led to widespread protests in the
city every day since there's been
occasional clashes between protesters
and police and at least a hundred people
have been arrested so far in the days
leading up to the verdict Stancil called
for a protest movement to shut down the
streets of st. Louis and disrupted the
economy of the city but without violence
and destruction
you got to show you get tough balance
cuz you've gotta find a way to encourage
people to stay peaceful without
distancing yourself from them you have
to understand our role as clergy as
leaders the stay between the protesters
and the police office to make sure there
is the clergy is trying to avoid the
mistakes they made three years ago when
violent protests engulfed the suburb of
Ferguson four weeks after officer Darren
Wilson avoided indictment for killing
Michael Brown they relate to arrived on
the scene and slow to form relationship
with the protesters when they called for
peace and calm they were branded as old
and out of touch this time stancel was
determined to support the protesters out
loud while still urging them in the
direction of non-violence our role this
time was to lead and guide and try to
show the young protesters a better way
of doing it before the verdict came down
you said a couple of things like if he's
not found guilty the blood will be on
your hands yes we were concerned about
violence my position was that some of
the responsibility of Anthony Lamar
Smith dying is on judge Wilson's hand
there is no justice when cops can kill
without retribution they're gonna do it
again but also because you took three
weeks to render verdict you put people
in a pressure cooker tonight I think the
same thing you saw downtown I think
we're gonna have a peaceful protest this
is one of the richest areas in st. Louis
and so we want to cause mass disruption
in this economic power base because our
message is simple you kill our kids we
will kill your kind
Stansel and the other clergy left around
nine o'clock but the protests continued
eventually they arrived at the mayor's
front door
like this
the next morning religious and community
leaders gathered at Stanton's Church to
talk about what to do next I got a call
in the night of what was going on and
what was happening we disappointed no
not at all how can I be disappointed
when we when these young people put
together a protest that was 98% peace
and so to stop protesting hard to not
protest because the acts of a few that's
something that we just I think the risk
is worth it I mean you know last night
was pretty violent tough pleas were hurt
and their gas going to the streets but
that happens every night in our
community it turns violent nobody seems
to care then nobody covers that so we do
we apologize that it turns violent in
the so-called good neighborhood well we
don't want it to turn violent we pray
that it never does again but welcome to
our world
Friday's acquittal of Jason Stockley was
the latest in a series of high-profile
cases in which a police officer was
found not guilty for killing a civilian
nearly 2700 people have been shot and
killed by police since 2015 Stockley was
one of 35 officers charged with murder
or manslaughter during that time
according to Philip Stinson an ex-cop
who has assembled the country's best
database of crimes committed by police
officers and the charges filed against
them these charges represent a major
improvement in the attempt to hold
police officers accountable since 2005
83 non federal police officers have been
charged with murder or manslaughter for
their actions on the job nearly half
since 2015 the spike followed Michael
Browns shooting in Ferguson Missouri in
August 2014 and the rise of the black
lives matter movement which grew out of
the wide distribution of shocking videos
on social networks these videos and
pressure from activists placed more
scrutiny on departments many of which
responded by equipping officers with
body cams and - birthday me the footage
changed public perception and pushed
prosecutors to bring more cops to court
dashcam body cams
citizen videographers this type of
technology is changing so fast if we
look at the officers who were charged in
2015 and 2016 at least 18 of their cases
involve some sort of video evidence so I
think that's one difference we are
seeing is that when an officer is
charged there are several things that
might lead to that including the
existence of video and the video changes
the dynamics of these cases in a number
of ways so in the past the police have
always owned the narratives and that's
because the dead man can't talk but now
we've got another side to the story
quite often and that seems to draw a lot
more attention to these cases but while
video evidence may make it more likely
for cops to be charged it's far from a
guarantee that they'll be convicted even
as the number of cases against cops has
risen the number of convictions really
hasn't
take the case of falando castile whose
death was live-streamed to the world on
Facebook hey with me we got pulled over
for a busted taillight in the back
dashcam footage of Casteel shooting was
shown at trial he had the officer in
that case was acquitted last July and
juries in Milwaukee in Cincinnati
recently failed to convict cops who had
killed civilians
despite video evidence in both cases
this recurring result may come down to a
common attitude towards law enforcement
even while calling for accountability
people are just more likely to give cops
the benefit of the doubt many jurors are
not going to second-guess the
split-second life-or-death decisions of
an on-duty police officer in a
potentially violent street encounter
where the officer uses deadly force
they're just just not going to do it
we're in a rigged system punks
and voter fraud voter fraud is all too
common well if they're gonna vote for me
we'll think about it right
dear mr. Dunlap I'm writing to ask you
to resign from Trump's sham Election
Commission I'm a Democrat and I urge you
to not be a part of it
postmarked Seattle so got a lot from
Brooklyn too by the way
Wyoming you have no need of being on the
president's a sham Commission okay Matt
Dunlap is the Secretary of State in
Maine he's one of five Democrats on the
12th person presidential Advisory
Commission on election integrity and he
gets a lot of mail this is one of my
personal favorites I urge you to resign
from the presidential Advisory
Commission on election integrity to help
you make that decision I am sending you
dictionary definitions of the word
integrity the so-called voter fraud
Commission was created in response to
president Trump's claim that millions of
people voted illegally in last year's
election did you have any reservations
about joining the Commission when the
president says something like he would
have won the popular vote if three to
five million votes possibly illegal
those hadn't been cast you know that's
not true
I know that's not true and but you know
the point of being able to to pull away
the covers from you look under the bed
and see there's no monster there I think
that's a pretty valuable thing to be
able to do but a lot of Democrats
disagree they think Dunlap's presence on
the Commission legitimizes it and that
he should resign you know the people
that want to dismantle the Commission or
demand that we all resign from it sham
voter fraud Commission is what people
usually call it you know you do that and
then the other side will say well they
reason why they want to dismantle that
because they don't want anybody to know
about the bus loads of illegal
immigrants they bring into the polling
places every year and the legend goes on
I think you squash it here by answering
the questions
there have been a lot of questions about
what exactly this Commission plans to do
the group has asked every state to hand
over its voter rolls but hasn't said
what that data will be used for and the
Commission has only met twice including
a much-anticipated public meeting last
week in New Hampshire it was led by the
Commission's vice chair Kris Kobach who
is also the Secretary of State in Kansas
and the author of some of the strictest
voter ID and registration laws in the
country the meeting featured testimony
on voter turnout fraud in cybersecurity
there was even a demonstration of voting
machines from 1892 but the meeting was
overshadowed by Kobach defending a claim
he made in a Breitbart op-ed just days
before that he knows thousands of people
voted illegally in New Hampshire last
year because they did not have an
in-state driver's license because unlike
my state of Kansas which doesn't have
people flooding across the border to
participate in primaries to possibly
cast a vote in New Hampshire it's a
swing state everybody comes here voter
fraud is Kovaks obsession in Kansas
Kobach prosecutes voter fraud and has
won nine convictions most of them
against people who voted in more than
one state but his claims about New
Hampshire are patently false using an
out-of-state license to register to vote
is both legal and common in the state
especially for college students making
this equation that somehow people not
updating their driver's license is an
indicative voter fraud would be almost
as absurd as saying that if you have
cash in your wallet that that's proof
that you robbed a bank after the meeting
had ended Kobach didn't seem fazed by
criticism from his fellow commissioners
in fact he doubled down on the issue of
rampant voter fraud by citing a figure
from the Heritage Foundation the
conservative think tank found almost
1100 instances of voter fraud in local
state and federal elections since 1948
that's an incredibly small number when
you consider that more than three
billion votes have been cast in federal
elections
loan over that same period but Kovac
argues these 1,100 instances showed just
how big the problem could be now we're
trying to just get a glimpse of the
iceberg how big is it
how much how many cases are there that
we did that weren't convicted so I know
1,100 could go to three to five million
I don't know but here's but I do know
that the the tip of the iceberg is a
very small percentage we'll probably
never have a complete picture of the
problem but the more facts we can get
the better specificity and accuracy
we'll have in describing how big that
iceberg is below the water as for Matt
Dunlap he doesn't think there's an
iceberg and he doesn't think the
Commission will find any evidence of
widespread voter fraud the 1,100 cases
that they've caught I mean that's done
right and but against the backdrop of
the claim of the president that 3 to 5
million people voted illegally
well they got four million nine hundred
and ninety nine thousand to go to match
that number and I think the reality is
the number is very very miniscule
in Europe a massive food fight is coming
to a head
governments in the EU Eastern Bloc
claimed that brands like coca-cola and
Nutella are selling them second-rate
versions of the same products available
in richer Western countries they want a
new law requiring parity of ingredients
and products across Europe the bakken a
vanished vinegar fish and fish chips
that's Hadid in the meantime customers
are taking matters into their own
shopping carts
Pavel Dax lives a five-minute walk from
his nearest supermarket but every two
weeks he hands out passports to his
children and drives 40 kilometers across
the border to Austria to buy groceries
why'd you come here here yeah because
good quality good quality yes do you
think that in Austria they produce
better quality foods than they do in
Slovakia mochi yes because Austrians
don't buy a non quality food very you
can see everything is very good very
nice Eastern Europe is getting richer
with growing awareness and anger about
apparent differences in food quality
more and more supermarket migrants like
paddle are taking advantage of Europe's
open borders every year you can see here
more and more people from Slovakia yes
you can see Bratislava do nice castrator
this is from Czech Republic the
governments of Hungary Slovakia Czechia
and Bulgaria have all carried out lab
tests comparing products sold in their
countries with those sought to Western
neighbors Slovakia tested 22 products
against Austrian equivalents and found
differences in 13 of them a glow fish
fingers in Slovakia for example
contained just 53% Cod compared to 62%
in Austria though a glow has said it has
fish finger products with a lower Cod in
some Western countries - they found
Slovak coca-cola was less sweet and made
entirely with glucose syrup compared to
the sugar based recipe in Austria
cheese's cookies and local tea bags were
all found to have significant
differences and while hungry didn't find
any scientific differences in its
Nutella you says the version it gets is
less creamy and that's one of the many
discrepancies with east-west products
attila nagi oversaw the Hungarian tests
tell me how products that are sold by
big brands in Western Europe differ from
those sold in Eastern Europe
Tami Catalan Russia or my music or a few
keep yellow leash lotto keepers of
smaller water tell me cause one is at
key does acidity Alain Seban patent
Attica sohcahtoa
Gulam shaker cat America okay tell me
Castiel a mistake as a Kotaku MC a
guitar when I use dollar to collaborate
on a vehicle at all
the so-called dual food scandal it's a
raw nerve in region which has since
Soviet times cast an MVS I at the
lifestyles of its Western neighbors
joining the EU after the collapse of the
Soviet Union was sold to them as a way
of leveling the playing field big brands
told us that where there's a significant
difference in products ingredients it
isn't because of discrimination they
blame production costs including higher
sales taxes in the east and the
availability of ingredients differing
between regions Luba Mir to share
represents many of them in Slovakia
including coca-cola why are some branded
products different in terms of their
taste and their makeup in Slovakia than
they are in Austria once me you know
what the consumer consumer is very email
sensitive for price you do your best to
make such product that can fulfill
expectation of the consumer it's not a
difference in the quality but there is a
difference in composition and the
outcome is also the price but there's
absolutely nothing in the branding to
suggest that you're getting a product
which has a different composition but
the labeling cure States composition are
so where you see what do you get for now
Eastern European governments are
maintaining their pressure on the brands
and on Brussels the Slovak government
told us if the EU doesn't act it will
set up a website to name and shame
brands that use dual ingredients so
customers can boycott them in response
the EU has announced it will spend a
million dollars to help food regulators
detect poorer quality goods across
borders by the end of this year
my name is Darren Aronofsky I'm the
writer and director of mother I identify
with every character in every film you
know I'm a different about a ballerina
and I was the ballerina I made it up the
wrestler and I was the wrestler I was
the conquistador I was the math whiz you
pull on things you know things that mean
something to you and you try to put
those feelings and emotions into the
character to bring them to life I had an
idea and I was thinking about the home
invasion genre as a really kind of
interesting place to start everyone can
relate to having company over that
doesn't you know doesn't agree to leave
at the same time that you know I was
having a lot of frustration about the
inaction of people sort of dealing with
our larger home not just our individual
home but this planet we're on together
and I decided to sort of think about the
planet as a character myself Jennifer
Lawrence and Javier Bardem went to a
warehouse house out in East Brooklyn and
we taped the house out onto the floor
there and we just started to talk and go
through the script and the last two
weeks of that three-month period we shot
the entire film like what single takes
without any costumes or anything and
then cut it together and had sort of a
two hour-long version of the movie so
that we could sort of see what was
working and what wasn't working what I
like in movies is to be rocked you know
there's very much it's for people who
want to go on that extreme ride
and someone at Paramount was like no no
this is a ride in the park it's it was
built outside the park by that really
weird guy and he's daring you to come on
it and you only really ride it if you
take your hands off the handle bar the
whole time any time you blink or close
your eyes you haven't had the full
impact of the film the last third of the
film is something we call the fever
dream and the film kind of goes from
zero to 60 faster than a Tesla my mentor
always said you either got to make them
laugh cry or scare the out of them
I mean it's this is a movie you know
we're competing with so many things when
you make movies it's just like you know
people are watching TV right now they
you know with their phones out or their
computers and double triple screening at
the same time I wanted to make something
that was just you know punk rock in your
face filling your ears feeling you're
filling your head with ideas filling
your heart with emotion and you know
hopefully we drop a few draw is a long
way that's vice news tonight for Monday
September 18th
