Russia has just concluded its biggest
military exercise in years and it's
clear who the intended audience was the
name of the wargames was a pod the
Russian word for West after Putin's
annexation of Crimea three years ago and
has continued meddling in the Ukrainian
Civil War trust between Russia and its
neighbors in the NATO alliance was
already an extremely short supply Isobel
young reports I'm really pulling out all
the stops to show us that Russia's much
might is more than capable of taking out
ground troops work alongside that North
here to destroy terrorist camps can also
spot Putin just up here this is the army
that Vladimir Putin has been busy
modernizing following decades of decay
after the fall of the Soviet Union this
week he's been showing it off to the
world pretty much that decides the
shorty weather there's not a lot that
Russia and NATO allies are agreeing on
when it comes to sup had Western
military analysts say the number of
troops participating could be as high as
a hundred thousand Russia's own Ministry
of Defence claims that it's fewer than
13,000
they also say that these exercises are
simply defensive training many of their
neighbors find them far more menacing a
top NATO official has suggested that
this could be a serious preparation for
a big war although more than 100
journalists have been invited on this
press tour the Russian military weren't
overly receptive to the idea of us
freely covering the event Russian press
tour that I've ever been on the message
so tightly controlled that we have to
direct our cameras with this way
director cameras that way international
observers showed up at the pad trying to
figure out what Russia is really up to a
lot of Russians that we've spoken to us
saying that these war games are just a
reaction to aggression from NATO states
around Europe do you think that that's a
fair analysis you know after the Ukraine
NATO has to take some information
Member States several NATO nations made
a conspicuous display of their own
military muscle in the weeks before the
pod started these annual exercises could
save a Guardian involved 25,000
servicemembers both from the US and
Europe nathan has never behaved
so you think it's behaving aggressively
this mock warfare is ultimately
orchestrated from the Kremlin Franklin
Savitch is a senior member of the ruling
United Russia party and sits on a key
government defence and security
committee so you completely fail to
understand why any of these countries
would feel threatened or concerned about
these military exercises taking place on
their back doorstep
sua Rousseff obscure pol√≠tica without a
trend discrete rtrc Pakistani you what a
receiver Sushma see at the table a
looter takatori what it is ceramic
romantic of Bhushan what real advice
Tony a lot via Porsche Tom drew he is
robbing buffoonish over shafts cold
water is there a battery didn't appear
the villa cancel it seems like the
message you're trying to portray here is
that Russia is the great defender
against terrorism in the world which
quite frankly a lot of people would find
laughable possible approach via the
ocean measures possible yeah Shelby's
concerns Fuji voltage are Asiya
velika watching doable people Shia Paris
merest an illusion would this receive
the tourists national media pre writes
it now was just such a prestigious
biased
who visited which talks receive another
drew Ridge cno's diets you've covered
Wasilla Tory the VFG you guys a neutral
we achieve the same division
I guess this Russia would very much
to celebrate those another cheese no
pasta her cheek rakita wiedersehen
appearance itself salmon Ultima washes
Cebu radiative Asha Parekh watch him he
was a conscious enter watch if the child
leaves you
you
