tonight
a game of inches in raqqa Obamacare
repeal rises from the dead and a Nobel
winners fall from grace
more than 55 people were killed today
when another devastating earthquake hit
Mexico this one striking in Puebla and
measuring at least 7.1 the death toll
may rise dramatically especially in
nearby Mexico City where dozens of
buildings collapsed fires broke out and
roads buckled including at the airport
which has been shut down people on the
ground shared videos like this one to
highlight the earthquake severity
thousands poured into the streets in
panic the full extent of the damage is
still unclear and many people are
reportedly trapped in the rubble eerily
today was the anniversary of the 1985
quake that killed as many as 10,000
people in the country the Russian
military is denying reports that one of
its attack helicopters accidentally
fired a rocket at spectators during the
countries of padwar games but local
media posted footage of the incident and
said at least one person was injured and
that the rocket hit spectators but the
Russian military said the misfire hit an
empty truck and called reports of people
being hurt a deliberate provocation a
world war 1 air a German submarine has
been found off the coast of Belgium the
u-boat is covered with barnacles seaweed
and fishing nets and contains the
remains of 23 crew members the exact
location of the wreckage won't be
revealed until the site can be protected
this is the 11th World War 1 wreck to be
found in Belgian waters that appears to
be the best preserved toys-r-us filed
for bankruptcy late last night saying it
needs to restructure five billion
dollars in debt a group of lenders have
already agreed to give the almost 70
year old company three billion dollars
in financing so it can pay its suppliers
and a hundred and sixty four thousand
employees toys-r-us said it's roughly
1,600 stores around the world would
continue to operate as usual as the
holiday season approaches
president Trump's personal attorney
Michael Cohen was supposed to testify in
a closed-door meeting today with Senate
Intelligence Committee staff but the
interview was abruptly canceled because
Cowan released a public statement about
the nature of his testimony
despite the committee's specific request
for him not to comment publicly in that
statement Cohen said he was innocent of
any Russian collusion and defended
president Trump the committee will now
reschedule Cohen's appearance in open
session speaking at the UN General
Assembly this morning President Trump
was asked owling strongman threatening
to totally destroy North Korea promising
to crush looser terrorists and taking
credit for the recent gains against the
Islamic state
in fact our country has achieved war
against Isis in the last eight months
than it has in many many years combined
when Trump took office Isis was already
retreating to its strongholds but Iraqi
coalition forces routed the militants in
Mosul and now the terrorist group is
taking heavy losses in Raqqa its last
major refuge and administrative
headquarters the US backed Syrian
democratic forces now control more than
half of the city where Isis first
declared Raqqa one of its capitals in
2014 but the three-month battle is far
from over in the Syrian democratic
forces a militia group with little
training continues a block-by-block
fight for territory vice news spent ten
days with one unit trying to win control
of just 900 square feet
not that happen when last - they almost
shinobi isn't in their lair Masonic
Allah this is Abraham sample a commander
in the Euphrates liberation brigade he's
part of the us-backed syrian democratic
forces a mixed Arab Kurdish coalition
fighting Isis in Syria
like his man Ibrahim has fought his way
here across Syria to Raqqa from his home
in the Aleppo countryside his bodies
lying everywhere absolute destruction
we keep how these run across streets
because the snipers idea of an ass nasty
by dying that's obscene wicked highly on
haven't got the water Sarah like many of
his men Ibrahim has been fighting since
the war began six years ago first
against the Assad regime and now with
American support against the Islamic
state
Wow
can - yeah only been my idol how a lot
about me instead of me - Menasha Halina
South no daddy she on except Allah and I
should erase it Alcatel would damar with
the she read the only Melina Sara
Hammond higher my rhythm milena mr.
Cutler they moved to the area had to
select the a blossoming Shabana kill
maybe even out letting me visit them
termination Alicia every year for weeks
Ibrahim his men have been holding
position 900 square feet in size as they
wait to push further into central Raqqa
Isis refuses to commit to conventional
battles so Ibrahim men the fighting and
brooding war against an invisible enemy
it's all my sir into the SDF we win
control of the city in the end the
commanders like Abraham will lose many
more men before the battles won Watney
flattered
Ajanta come on dill sauce hashman is
Abraham's commanding officer
he's an ethnic Kurd transferred to the
most the Arab man bitch military council
from his home unit in the
kurdish-dominated YPG militia the US has
insisted the Kurdish forces work side by
side of Arab fighters in Raqqa to avoid
alienating the city's Arab civilians as
they advanced the brigade found evidence
of the complex infrastructure the price
is built to defend the city
authority dodging Tanith on Liberty
Donna Hawthorne una carta miserable
cause if a few civilians visible in
Raqqa
SDF fighters and the coalition accuse
Isis of holding them as humans like this
family make their way across an army
tell sudhi Halep for what reason do you
think there are nicest family what what
about them Bora Tina Tina good cricket
we have a little booty and testicular -
oh nice racket security forces took the
family away to secured refugee camp the
further interrogation
Ketil des medicine for this initial
reaction de patent remedy Theresa not
Baden AHA wall at essaouira lslam a
banana Donna Katherine mucus lemon
castle in captain Ospina body energy - -
pata Latin Lara Bullock Raj
Jamia HP mo Valhalla tateleh - intially
Barabbas analyst lon
- she what - she could she was latina -
fighters like Ibrahim probably never top
of the Assad regime but day by day
you're getting closer to driving Isis
out of the homeland
Heidi an English Donna - yeah little bit
a little more do it ah got nuts either
highly
asteroids continue to pound the city
I'll call you Timmy could you tell me
only nest party
Costigan America alpha dually demur
Megara -
shift over to parent Holly say I got
that at home someday soon this battle
will end and when it does Abraham and
his men will find themselves masters of
the city of ruins land on our death our
ha ha - especially one knows Abner
ammonia in the help of a high ability
juice Audrey Hollis with a digital had a
tactical heritage a hot R&B then had the
Fidel then was not a pleasure
Myanmar's leader on some suchi spoke for
the first time today to address the
growing crisis that has forced more than
400,000 members of the Rohingya minority
to flee the country we want to find out
why this exodus is happening we would
like to talk to those who have made as
well as to lose restate but suci speech
while condemning human rights violations
did nothing to criticize the military or
even mention the Roja by name despite
the fact that the UN has denounced the
military's role and described the
violence as quote a textbook example of
ethnic cleansing suji's father was the
founder of the Burmese military in once
one of the country's most celebrated
freedom fighters but after a military
coup in 1988 the younger SUCI a
pro-democracy leader was held under
house arrest for 15 years she became a
global icon of peaceful resistance after
she was freed in 2010 she returned to
pro-democracy politics and eventually
became the leader of the country's
civilian government suji's weeks of
silence on the crisis have left the
rahega feeling abandoned and
disillusioned today vice news talked to
some of the refugees who escaped to
neighboring Bangladesh and are now
seeking shelter in one of many makeshift
settlements forming across the region
foggy intentions resilient intrusive for
K sheilamalone congestion hay bale of
marijuana between the samples ended here
between Matty the matter Narada Siva
monkey Hamas a colossal evil any person
with G Lozano
you know River no-repeat on a period
kappa Nevada
the Republican campaign to ditch
Obamacare flamed out in July with the
death of the so called skinny repeal the
nays are 51 motion is not agreed to
but over the past few weeks a new repeal
bill has quietly been coming together
it's sponsored by senators Lindsey
Graham and Bill Cassidy it puts a hard
limit on federal Medicaid spending and
allows states to opt out of some of
Obamacare's consumer protections
Republicans are going to have to move
quickly because they want to use a
special procedure requiring only 50
votes in the window for doing it ends on
September 30th at the end of the day
this is the only process left available
to stop the march towards socialism like
previous repeal bills graham cassidy
proposes enormous changes to the
american healthcare system unlike
previous bills though it hasn't
generated a lot of outrage on the left
the gramm cassidy bill includes a lot of
proposals the GOP has been kicking
around for months but there's one key
difference from the last attempt the
amount of time democrats have to rally
opposition to it
remember the intense town halls and
protests opposing the last GOP effort at
repeal
this time Democrats have only 11 days to
gin up opposition
I spoke to dick Durbin the Democratic
whip who said his party's going to try
to slow down the bill by adding tons of
amendments to it but they're worried how
much more nervous are you are than last
time
Burgie sure I thought this issue was
finished by the time day and I thought
we could move on to do something
constructive and bipartisan and we were
working on it
good-faith turns out many Republicans
were not whether Republicans can get to
50 votes with Vice President pence as a
tiebreaker it's still an open question
Rand Paul's already unknown and the to
moderate senators that voted against the
last bill Susan Collins of Maine and
Lisa Murkowski of Alaska are still
undecided for other senators are also
publicly undecided including John McCain
last time he killed the effort with an
emotional appeal for bipartisanship
let's trust each other let's return to
regular order now he says he's open to
the new bill even though it's being
written without Democrats involved today
I tried to ask him what changed doing in
a defense bill right now and that's what
my focus of my attention is on that's
that's what we're watching the process
but there's not really a change in the
process even Bill Cassidy the lead
author of the bill told me Democrats
wouldn't work with Republicans on it
yeah you know I've really reached out
over the last even year trying to get
Democrats to help trying to be
bipartisan and no one has wanted to help
no one even though they acknowledge his
problems with the Affordable Care Act
they don't want to help that's just an
excuse Democrats were never going to go
along with a repeal bill that also
remakes the Medicaid program
Republicans like Cassidy know that and
you know what else he knows Speaker Ryan
has said he'd bring the bill to the
House floor if it gets through the
Senate and the head of the very
conservative freedom caucus has given
the bill a thumbs up next up in the
process Republicans will hold hearings
related to the ideas in the bill but not
the bill itself that gives people like
McCain some cover and presents Democrats
with what might be their last chance to
get their base motivated and out in the
streets
the looming threat of big changes to the
healthcare system means even more
uncertainty for uninsured and
underinsured Americans last month
hundreds of people in need of medical
and dental treatment lined up outside
Detroit's Convention Center during a
massive three day free clinic many said
they'd been suffering for years
- yeah do you know if you're completing
a boiler extraction cleaning in a policy
if they got it
okay so cleaning do you see what we have
in Detroit and cowboy
being blessed free healthcare
this helps the midst of chiefly fee spin
it with an increased amount of money
Mabel listen food on the tank instead of
spinning and I'll get my teeth done
there's a great need for medical
services but more so dental and I care
to be more affordable and readily
available so that no one needs to
neglect those two areas in particular
it's not unique to Detroit it's actually
nationwide depending on the procedure
and the number of volunteers and how
much time it takes into a procedure
within a given hour that's how we
determine the number of patients that we
can see over an entire span of time that
we're going to be having a clinic well
how are you I do have a medical
insurance that I don't have
I do but the co-pays really really steep
out-of-pocket
for free I'm gladly going to take
advantage
of service
my wife has never really seen me smile
the other day when I got my filling in
the front of my teeth
black spot with all the rotten decay in
there I started to tear up and she had
never really seen these smile and
a decent smile in about ten or twelve
years I'm taking the medicine to lower
my sugar but I have to eat more in order
to keep from feeling like this horrible
it is winning idea today is write you a
prescription
I'm a physician assistant in Family
Practice I'm here to give some of my
time to the community
diabetes is the type of condition where
you almost feel as if you can't eat
anything the information that she gave
me it gave me hope and and now I'm
leaving here with a totally different
mindset even just about diabetes
health care is vitally important all
walk service Oh
so somebody do something we might be in
a little trouble I don't think we should
as a nation like this this is no way to
do health care this is very good but
it's a band-aid on a big gaping spurting
wound
Mitchell thousands Tony Tony Tony feels
good yeah
that's all I heard the whole time it
sounded like somebody's voice is pitched
it up a little bit but I was a girl yeah
Bam's and I'm gonna take some oestrogen
a lot of testosterone in that voice
sounds good I like to live it yeah that
was kind of cool but all I heard was
Tony Tony Tony that's a great
movie
Jim Carrey Quincy was that Kyle I
couldn't tell first I thought it was Wiz
Khalifa though and then it was like from
the town of Bruce Lee ins and somebody
else and I was like well Bruce Lee ain't
from Pittsburgh so that's what kind of
gave it away but next I don't know who
that is but at first I thought it was
like something from like the hidden
beach compilation thing that the kind of
music like they they remake music in a
jazzy fashion his voice was great his
voice was good had a soulful voice this
is Dennis Graham aka Drake's dad what
was saw a soul sink
let's break daddy man salute Dennis
grant man it was cold I thought I got a
snoozer
take another shot a question turn up all
the way you can't show is country trap
music
that's it work though that that's it
work
no swimsuit with Alma jump in traps
you've taken over the world man and it
minutes our gonna be
trapped at down well this is concludes
I'm using meeting for today everybody
can go home now that's vice news tonight
for Tuesday September 19th
you
