gerrymandering sucks because it's all
designed for helping the politicians but
not the ordinary citizen when you first
took office as governor of California
how bad was the gerrymandering here it
was like Republicans were all locked
into one district and Democrats were all
locked into one district so the
Republicans had to be as far to the
right as possible in order to win
Democrats had to be as far as possible
to the left so how do you get them
together to agree to something or the
least compromise to get something done
we in California went all out and
declared war and gerrymandering and we
have done away with it but it's not
gonna ever be perfect unless you
literally take it away from the
legislators altogether
you
