Guatemala is in the midst of a major
political crisis over the weekend
President Jimmy Morales tried to kick
the head of a UN anti-corruption
Commission out of the country yo Bing
Kiev and only eating million domaine de
la r√©publique at about a month but on
Tuesday the country's top court blocked
the president's order declaring it
illegal the United Nations in a previous
Guatemalan administration founded the
Commission in 2007 to root out
high-level organized crime from the
government today it's investigating
president Morales his political party
for illegal campaign financing it's also
charged his son and brother with fraud
ironically Morales a former comedian
with zero political experience wrote to
power on an anti-corruption wave started
by that Commission Morales campaigned as
the transparency candidate even pleading
to be investigated does he see a key
giving this de aquellas de la fixing
Guatemala's former foreign affairs
minister told vice news the president's
hypocrisy has further disillusioned the
country with great power a more open
style and more foreign style a power
that is licensed for up ssin and the
population feel like the country
he doesn't favor just legally he's gonna
survive politically he's gonna survive
but it's gonna be like we'd back Morales
popularity is plummeting there are still
some Guatemalans who support Morales and
believe that the Commission which has
been in the country for a decade is
overstepping its mandate and overstaying
it's welcome but they seem to be the
minority
Melissa Errico the tank top of resin
Vedanta corruption in a absolutamente
shallow frantic a step dominant atanga
Ellison pious is on the loose they lost
to rip toes
