tonight
Trump's plan for Afghanistan Silicon
Valley's free speech dilemma Nazis are
bad but Isis videos are okay Lee the
daily stormer are assholes and it's like
your earth one the Superbowl everybody's
excited
the chief of the Navy ordered a
worldwide pause and operations after the
USS John s McCain a Navy ship collided
with an oil tanker more than three times
its size off the coast of Singapore
Sunday America Singapore and Malaysia
are now searching for 10 missing US
sailors the collision which took place
in one of the world's busiest shipping
lanes is the second involving a Navy
ship in the region in just two months
the American and South Korean military's
began joint exercises today the annual
exercises will run through August 31st
involving sea air and land drills as
well as computer simulations North Korea
warned that going forward with exercises
would amount to quote throwing fuel on
to fire the u.s. and South Korea insists
that the exercises aren't meant to
intensify the standoff
starting on Wednesday the US will
temporarily stopped issuing
non-immigrant visas to Russian citizens
the American Embassy in Moscow said it
was forced to halt tourist applications
after President Putin ordered a
two-thirds cut in embassy staff in
retaliation for new sanctions levied
against the Kremlin the Embassy will
start issuing visas again on September
first but the suspension will continue
indefinitely at other consulates in
Russia lebakowski
after a teeny versatil should moon of
Papua coals with the words twat Paris is
killed London GStreamer assisted list
after a massive manhunt Spanish police
shot and killed the suspect behind last
week's terrorist attack Eunice Abu yaku
plowed a van into hundreds of people in
the city killing 13 and injuring more
than a hundred he was wearing a fake
suicide vest when he was killed police
say the investigation is ongoing but
they believe Abu Jakub was the last of
12 members in the cell that carried out
the attack
in Afghanistan today Taliban fighters
launched an assault on a government
outpost in kabob district part of a wave
of increasing violence across the
country the american-backed governments
hold on power and territory as now as
weak as it's been since the start of the
war tonight President Trump will
announce his strategy for Afghanistan as
a civilian he said the war was quote a
complete waste and called for troops to
come home but now that he's
commander-in-chief he's about to call
for the opposite yeah I took over a mess
and we're gonna make it a lot less messy
this evening President Trump is expected
to recommit to the war in Afghanistan
sending between two and five thousand
more American troops to help train
Afghan forces that would bring the total
number of American troops in Afghanistan
to roughly 15,000 that's still far far
below at the highest deployment of more
than 100,000 Americans and tens of
thousands from partner countries that
High Point was what's come to be called
the Afghanistan surge the surge under
President Obama helped struggling Afghan
army hold the cities and many of the
rural areas in the fight since the
Taliban even then the u.s. wasn't able
to defeat the Taliban will come anywhere
close
and when Obama ordered the surge in 2009
he knew that voters didn't have much
patience left for a war it was already
eight years old so I want the American
people to understand that we have a
clear and focused goal to disrupt
dismantle and defeat Al Qaeda in
Pakistan and Afghanistan so at the same
time he announced the troop increase he
announced the withdrawal day of a few
years down the road and as soon as the
drawdown started the Taliban began to
make big gains we spoke today with David
Sidney a Pentagon official under
President Obama who now says that
playing a timetable on American
operations was a huge mistake because
they allowed the Taliban to wait the
American out if Palawan don't have a
pine box they want to and what they'd
like today 20 years he believes adding a
few thousand more American troops now
would be a good thing because we provide
the training and air support that the
Afghan military still needs but he said
it won't mean much if it isn't what's
called a sustained commitment the polite
term for open-ended military presence
even with isolationist like Steve Bannon
gone or losing influence in the White
House it's hard to believe that Trump
wants to be in for the long haul there's
another problem as well
Afghans in the Pashtun South and East
can be deeply mistrustful of the
us-backed century government whose
security forces are largely drawn from
the Northern Alliance one side of
Afghanistan's long-running civil war
rather than being a truly national force
protecting all Afghans equally given the
choice these Pashtun communities often
actually prefer Taliban rule
it's a problem so complicated that the
two previous American administrations
with 16 years between them failed to
solve it
CloudFlare is a San Francisco tech firm
that handles what's called DNS lookups
which allow Internet users to get where
they want to go CloudFlare may not be a
household name but it handles 42% of
lookups for the top websites on the
internet it also handled traffic for the
neo-nazi site daily stormer at least
until last week when CloudFlare CEO
Matthew Prince decided to make the
stormer the first site ever to be kicked
off his platform prince spoke with
Michael Moynihan about opening the
Pandora's box of policing speech on the
Internet I found the daily Strummer
repugnant I did not shedding a tear that
that content isn't online anymore but
one of my fellow employees came up to me
the day that we we talked to get offline
and said hey is this the day the
internet dies there was no due process
you woke up one morning and you said
this is bad and I'm gonna do something
about it
the thing that was the tipping point for
us was I woke up one day and and opened
Twitter and there were a whole bunch of
screenshots of some of the people behind
the site saying CloudFlare actually
supports us and upper-echelon that their
leadership are white nationalists but
that's easily dismissed though isn't it
you're absolutely right but what it had
become was such a distraction that we
couldn't have the really important
conversation about what role should
CloudFlare be playing in regulating the
internet and so I am deeply concerned
that I had the authority and the power
to wake up one morning and say you know
what I'm done these guys I'm sick of
this so them they're off the
internet think about what you just said
though they're off the energy yeah you
woke up in your apartment that's right
here and said who they're off
United Society has that power you have
that patch how does that make you feel I
think we made the right decision in the
short term to allow us to have this
conversation the conversation started
would you allow the daily store to come
back I think they're just such jerks and
I don't want to do business with them
anymore jerks out there there
dar there's some people that might put
up Isis beheading videos that to host
and watch is not illegal but it's really
really repugnant content yeah if that
was on your network after this example
would you take it down
the short answer is no so if we went to
regulators and we said here's this thing
which we're deeply troubled by it and
they said no no you know there's no it's
not against the law
don't take it down then right now our
policy would be we're gonna leave that
up so in the short term Nazis are bad
but Isis videos are okay the daily
stormer are assholes Isis are kind of
assholes - absolutely again the question
is is this hypocritical yes absolutely
you're a hypocrite of course that again
was a conversation we've been trying to
have for the last two months and we
couldn't because everyone was just
turning to us and saying why do you
support the Nazis realities we don't
support anyone who uses our network so
in the daily stormer issue you got on
the top of that slippery slope you went
a little bit down at rent did you worry
about that slippery slope enormous ly we
used to be able to say we have never
taken a site offline due to political
pressure now we're having debate right
now about whether we can still say that
you didn't take it offline from
political pressure
you took it offline from the moral
quandary that you woke up with one day
well maybe I mean again maybe but as you
said would it have been a different
outcome if the if the young woman hadn't
been killed in Charlottesville again I
can I can pretend the answer is yes that
it we would have done exactly the same
thing I don't think that's probably
reality do you have too much power what
we need to have is a conversation about
where is it the right place for tech
companies to be to be regulating the
internet and what I know is not the
right answer is that a cabal of
ten you know tech executives with names
like Matthew Mark Jack you know Jeff are
the ones choosing what content goes
online and what content doesn't go
online
this weekend more than 500 neo-nazis
marched through Berlin in the largest
fascist rally the city has seen in more
than a decade the glorification of the
Nazi era is a criminal offense in
Germany with a prison term of up to
three years and rallies of this scale
and size have been consistently banned
but last week
Berlin authorities granted the Nazis
permission to march on the grounds of
free speech as part of the deal the
rallies organizers agreed to certain
restrictions including censored chanting
and a limit on flags and drums more than
a thousand police were on hands to
screen the neo-nazis for weapons and
separate them from a crowd of nearly
2,000 anti-fascist protesters this is a
Spandau district of Berlin where in 1987
Adolf Hitler's right-hand man Rudolf
Hess allegedly committed suicide his
death has become a neo-nazi anniversary
drawing thousands to rally in support of
Nazi ideology across Germany today
but the Nazi supporters here after
events in America are even more wary of
the press are normal why why don't you
want him to talk so feel good have you
seen what's happened in America
Charlottesville for me ran under the
awesome the Shia who knows but I blew
their mind our Kinsey but the first one
what's interesting about this rally and
how it compares with what we saw happen
in Charlottesville is you haven't got
the same sort of Nazi symbolism it's
forbidden to show flags with us what
it's car or something like this so they
use these olds flags because that's our
the colors but also there are some
regulations from the demonstrators that
by himself
because I want to show a picture of a
good white guy Fabienne works closely
with the far-right community in Berlin
as a case worker for an NGO aiming to
reintegrate former neo-nazis back into
society so you think that what happened
in the US could galvanize neo-nazis in
other countries the German right-wing
scene recognized what happened in
America they share pictures who are
laughing about the death of Heather hire
so they see there's something happening
and they think maybe that's a way to
empower the scene to do more here in
Germany with the counter protesters
blocking the official route and
thousands of police bordering all sides
of the rally tensions within both camps
begin to rise
leaving the Nazis to do their means
people will die at the hand of these
Nazis that's why we're here that's why
we're not agreeing with the cops in the
state no this is not right for Nazis
Nazis have no right to walk on the
street and intimidate the out of
the rest of society all I can tell you
nears when we were visiting I was like
oh my gosh it makes me want to go to
college again which I never ever want to
be ever ever ever ever I wish I could
just go to college and I go to class so
weird being back here
just a week later we should have bought
flowers I love flowers they remind us
that we all die you know okay thank you
she'll be good Charlotte Wow you both
went here you sent two of your children
here this is your youngest daughter is
this your charlottesville this
outpouring of love is our
charlottesville yeah definitely and just
I remember growing up here and everybody
was always so inviting so to see that
violence on campus was obviously awful
but being here like it didn't change
everybody still loves each other it's
always been love Trump's hate and
relative oh yeah do you feel mad that
these guys came here and did this to the
city you love I believe our freedom of
speech yeah I rather see your face than
see a hood I want to know what you're
really thinking that's what I like about
the South you know
you know but the violence and the
hateful rhetoric unacceptable
I'm loving right alright you in there
keep going keep going keep going
good okay so how are we gonna do we're
moving you in yes did anyone say like
don't go to that school there were a
couple people on Twitter and on social
media just saying we would never go to
UVA like why should we help African
Americans going there and you know what
it's hurtful because it's a great
university and I think people forget
that this happened because UVA is such
in a liberal school and because UVA is
taking down Confederate statues along
with Charlottesville could you tell me a
little bit more about your conversations
with your white friends dr. yeah
you know a lot of my friends were very
supportive that being said I did have
friends that I think really looked at
this and didn't say a word and we're
pretty silent about it because it didn't
really affect them in any way and if
anything I think that might be worse
than being outright racist did it shake
you about starting here this weekend
like do you feel a little less safe I
feel more safe actually from after
visiting the memorial and seeing all the
flowers and so many people coming up to
us and that's just an awesome sense of
community to feel me first day to
calling
hey everybody its Thomas I'm in Wilson
Wyoming just night next to Jackson's
more importantly smack in the middle of
the line of totality for today's solar
eclipse meaning we will be directly in
the path of the moon as it blocks ok ok
ok
rest of the peak is smooth that was so
fun to share this beautiful celestial
moment with us you've invited nuclear
physicist Taylor Wilson to come over
from Reno there gasps got her fire it's
not gonna be necessary yeah yeah I think
when it gets dark it's gonna be pretty
much like nighttime so it's almost 10:30
so put on your glasses you can start to
see the Eclipse oh sorry oh look at the
Opera right hand of the sun's gone I
thought we had another 30 minutes so
that things started like your socks
thank you yeah warm for the clips today
whoo all right there we go
I almost lost my glasses yeah all right
it's good little chilly let's get it
good we're within a couple minutes of
totality of the full Eclipse yeah the
sun's just a little sliver behind the
moon oh it's getting dark outside
just like dimming with some amazing
seconds away oh I know well the corona
just appear well your eyes will have to
be got just so when it goes dark outside
it will take time for now listen make
sure those horses aren't coming on us
okay oh my god take off the glasses wow
that is the corona holy look at
that that's incredible so we're good I
didn't realize how many people were out
in these fields watching this but Leigh
you can hear everybody it's like Earth
just won the suit you're sticking it's
like your earth won the Super Bowl
everybody's excited that is the corona
those an outer layers of the Sun super
hot we don't know why you're seeing
literally hot ionized atoms that have
been
to part that are flying out into space
from the Sun I mean this is the largest
dynamo in our solar system this is the
largest energy source a giant nuclear
reactor this is spitting energy out of
space and all you're able to see right
now is that energy being spit out into
space look at the birds everything's
going nuts they're like what's happening
besides looking cool what do you
actually what does it eclipse do like
for science coronal mass ejections were
discovered in the Calypso's helium we're
on the turn of the century last century
they thought there was a new element
they called it caronia craniums just
iron but for a while people are like wow
we discovered a new element in the
Eclipse this is so there's something
like eerie it is can you imagine me our
ancestors and not knowing any of the
stuff I'm doing you know yeah like even
500 yeah that's when our species that we
offer that looks freaking scary
oh we're hitting okay we're coming out
that glasses back on oh wow
that was hit yeah I'll put him back out
and look outside it's starting lighting
back up only Jesus Chris just like that
it looks like we're on a set I can't
it's indescribable it's a seeing it in
person okay if you've never seen one
these a person and one of these is
coming around again
you should go white this is this is
worth it definitely understand why they
make t-shirts position Wow
that's vice news tonight for Monday
August 21st
you
