the first round of talks began today on
one of president Trump's top priorities
renegotiating the north american free
trade agreement as a candidate Trump was
pretty clear about NAFTA I'm going to
renegotiate NAFTA one of the worst trade
deals ever signed in the history of our
country perhaps the worst ever signed in
the history frankly of the world but
what didn't have to actually do and why
has it generated so much rage signed in
1993 the deal aimed to promote trade
between the US Canada and Mexico and it
essentially removed all tariffs on goods
moving between the three countries
making trade easier and less expensive
it was never all that beloved the
essence of NAFTA is that American
workers will be forced to compete
against the desperate and impoverished
people of Mexico there will be a job
sucking sound going south
even so NAFTA worked trade surged among
the three countries to more than one
trillion dollars in 2015 and each
country saw big gains in GDP but NAFTA
also coincided with a 27 percent decline
in American manufacturing jobs and a
flip in the balance of trade between the
u.s. and Mexico America now imports far
more from its southern neighbor than it
sells creating a trade deficit of 60 4.4
billion dollars
those are the two issues at the heart of
president Trump's crusade against NAFTA
but neither was actually caused by the
deal in the first place
economists saying NAFTA was responsible
for less than one percent of American
job loss and less than a year after
NAFTA took effect Mexico devalued its
currency which was the primary driver of
the ensuing trade deficit all trade
agreements age over time and Canada and
Mexico are coming to the table willingly
for renegotiations
but Trump has set the bar pretty high
for what he'll be able to accomplish
even with both houses of Congress under
Republican control he's failed to pass a
single large piece of legislation and he
has an exactly sweet talk to Mexico
or Canada Canada what they've done to
our dairy farm workers is a disgrace
it's a disgrace even if the two
countries overlook those slights in make
concessions the New Deal still has to go
through Congress the worst case is that
the agreement falls apart entirely and
tariffs and trade barriers return to
North America in which case the old deal
might not look so bad after all
you
