the beauty industry has long profited
from getting women to aspire to a narrow
set of standards but for new younger
customers who want the products they buy
to express their identity those
standards are getting old
Charlotte de baak went to the fifth
annual beautycon in Los Angeles to see
how the world of makeup is trying to
change its own look beautycon feels more
like a festival for teen girls than an
industry trade show where visitors pay
up to three hundred dollars for a ticket
the price includes access to panels on
identity politics and her makeup looks
cheap that's bad meet and greets with
YouTube stars and lots of makeup so when
you enter the Convention Center the
first thing you see is the sign which
seems to kind of break down the
philosophy of beauty party it's almost
like the ten commandments a beautycon
and what it seems to suggest is the the
events all about diversity
nothing is excluded no one is excluded
and I suppose what's almost missing here
is all currencies except
nineteen-year-old i ahah me they
traveled here all the way from Texas
she's part of a generation of beauty
obsessives and previously felt excluded
from mainstream beauty narrative they
don't look for glossy magazines for
their idea less attractive and instead
prefer to get their makeup tips from
YouTube vloggers with names you've never
heard of but with Kardashian sized
followings seventeen youtubers don't
care because they tell it straight out
there they're like I don't care this is
my body I could do whatever I want so I
respect that because it does connect the
human mind up I could wear my hijab in
that core makeup I could do whatever I
want I really don't care what people who
this is like the funnest day ever I
swear we came yeah sure all about that
make up life the majority of makeup runs
at beautycon a big on the internet that
can't be found in your local drugstore
how is the beauty industry adapting to
sell makeup when the very definition of
beauty is changing well I think they're
no longer selling makeup we're in this
era of the experience economy right so
like everything now is about an
experience we don't want to be marketed
to in a way in which we feel like we
have to be a certain thing if this just
another trend but now that is it good
absolutely not the world is by nature
becoming more diverse an ethnic for
every sort of lying whether it's beauty
or not have been primarily for specific
audience so I think it's gonna just
begin to get more interesting now aya
came here for the free makeup but also
in the hope of meeting some of her
favorite digital stars IRL
thank you sorry I knew him
I got it y'all it was a struggle
I feel welcome honestly not because it's
makeup but everyone's more diverse
there's more different people and they
respect that most of them in the beauty
industry for us it's you you could do
whatever you want you don't need a chair
body anyone or anything like you just
need to go your own way and just don't
look at what people are thinking
you
