Poland's relationship with the European
Union strained by the open defiance of
the country's conservative government is
at its lowest point in years since the
long Justice Party came into power in
Poland in 2015 it's made sweeping
changes to the Army's leadership the
civil service and state television
earlier this year it also passed laws
that claimed would reform the judiciary
but thousands in Poland protested the
measures which violated EU treaty rules
regarding the independence of judges and
now the EU is dragging Poland to court
for logging one of Europe's largest and
oldest primeval forests in Tucson
reports nemo's up charges daddy like I'm
not talking he was replaced
environmentalists the Gus teen and just
patrol the forests every day they're
searching for harvesters at work but
getting access to the sites isn't easy
green campaign has claimed that in the
first four months of this year more than
10,000 trees have been cut down in parts
of the forest where some of the trees
are more than 100 years old the be our V
Asia forest spans more than 74 thousand
acres across the country's border with
Belarus and is a unique habitat for rare
plants and wildlife what I want to do is
to listen for the sound of the engine
may be localized in this way the machine
okay I'll let you lead the way
activists are taking direct action to
try and stop the logging by tracking
down harvesters recording their location
and sometimes chaining themselves to the
machines the forest is one of a number
of heated confrontations between the EU
and Poland before the disputes and the
European courts injunction logging was
done openly but since the ruling extra
forest guards have been drafted in they
patrol the woods blocking main roads and
access to the harvesters even if Agassiz
NAND just walked for hours through dense
forests to get to the logging sites
it doesn't mean they'll reach one
I'll go into there are there documents
all the way miss come over we've just
been stopped this is pretty much the
reason why all the controversy is taking
place we couldn't really you can't have
told them to stop logging in this Horace
in a preliminary ruling but they've
continued and we can see the harvest and
the tractors but the forest guards
continue filming because obviously this
is quite a sensitive issue for them
Europe's top courts has demanded that
Poland stops all logging in the forest
until a final ruling is made unless it's
a safety issue but some polish
politicians have accused the EU of
harassment and discrimination the euro
skeptic and nationalist law and justice
party insists that the logging is legal
and is needed to contain a beetle
outbreak and to make roads safe from
potential falling trees so these are the
beetles that have been infesting the
forest and they've been killing some of
the trees you vote see for 25 years you
know the forests more than most people
so what impact does it have on you when
you have people from outside of Poland
from the EU telling you to stop doing
what you're doing and that what you're
doing is wrong Frances Dora - genius
Shabba - type which in other parts such
protection I mean efficiency of Asia or
grain into acetyl co a souvenir after
estrogens across any best potential
bitch now go
so yes the push turnips just the post a
novena Tribunal's pretty diverse to
Europe Ice King but people of shonas
logging that's taken place that's really
far out and it's no safety threat don't
let that go selasa goes product just so
odd farted laughs is key to customer
service - vodka - tequila so we ship
saged but that reasoning doesn't wash
with all and according to the EU
trees infested with beetles are not a
safety hazard this is quite important
role we wrote and there is a lot of
smoke spruces
which are not cut that is simply because
they can be sold for much lower price so
they are not really interested
ecologists and scientists including
Raphael say that the logging is purely
for commercial reasons he warns that the
increase in logging could have a
devastating impact on the forest
habitats and species so if it's not
about safety and it's not about the
beetle infestation what is it about the
belt along the roadway where the logging
should occur for from safety reasons it
should be 40 or 50 metres but very often
this is 60 or 80 metres they use this
safety reason really to log the forest
more than needed to make money to make
money
foresters aren't the only ones angry at
the protesters at this town-hall meeting
some of the area's locals say those
criticizing the logging are outsiders
and foreigners who just don't understand
the forest like they do
this is a local town meeting but there
is international focus on Poland right
now because of the implications of this
issue can you confirm your commitment to
the laws of the European Union subsist
Sagami a motive to the FISC you don't
need me in your place game
Yiddish palpable speak feel much they
took upon years ago low-profile
impressions of the school when you Bosch
Imam ago little cool and movie a
publishes the couch assuming when Jim
Benjie must be voiced old saying you
know sponsoring of these could I be sure
it will not speak for now Poland's
continues to challenge the legal
authority of the EU and how it reacts
for the final ruling expected at the end
of the year could also decide the future
of Poland's 13-year relationship with
the union
you
