I have to say I do feel some sympathy
for any administration that you know
finds itself inheriting war we inherited
Wars as well President Obama had a line
that he'd like to use which is it's a
lot easier to start wars and end them
you know you're gonna be criticized for
whatever happens
after the fact if you bring that war to
a close in many ways it's easier to just
go with the momentum of staying in a
conflict but at a certain point the
reason we have civilian control and
military is so that we can look at these
challenges and not just say okay do the
generals want more resources in this war
at this particular time but how does
this war fit into the broader national
security interests the United States you
had asked somebody in 2002 why we're
going into Afghanistan I think they
would have said we're gonna get bin
Laden
I want to get the terrorists who carried
out the 9/11 attacks and try to make
sure that there's not an al Qaeda safe
haven where they can carry out 9/11
style attacks again that was the
objective that we went in to achieve and
frankly we've just about achieved that
objective
and I don't think it's in our national
interest to add to an already trillion
dollar war in which we've lost thousands
of Americans by biting off more than we
need to chew in Afghanistan and I I feel
like that is what President Trump is
signed on to now and I think what's
frustrating to me is we have not learned
the lessons of Iraq and Afghanistan and
the way that I feel we should which is
that the US military can accomplish a
lot in taking out terrorists and denying
them a safe haven and training foreign
security forces but we cannot become the
police of these countries we cannot
become the government of these countries
and I worry that what we're learning is
when we get into these wars there's a
logic of always staying there in
perpetuity that extends beyond frankly
the national security interests of the
United States or our economic interests
here at home I completely reject that
criticism that giving a timeline of
sorts allows the Taliban to wait us out
they live there they're Afghans they're
not going to leave and go someplace else
and I don't think that it's at all
premature notion that we need to set a
sunset on our time in Afghanistan when
you've already been there for 16 years
and what Trump I think just did is
essentially indicate that at least for
his time in office we're going to be in
Afghanistan in an open-ended way these
are choices every person you send into
harm's way could potentially be harmed
every dollar you spend in Afghanistan
you're not spending elsewhere every
counterterrorism resource that you put
in Afghanistan could be applied against
Isis someplace else while I feel a
degree of sympathy for the need to deal
with a war that has been ongoing for
nearly 16 years in Afghanistan I do
think frankly it's a responsibility of
the president's to say I'm the ultimate
decision-maker and if I believe that
there other national priorities and that
this goes beyond the mission we should
give our military that I can say to the
generals you know what we're gonna take
on a more limited mission here
and we're gonna ask more of the Afghans
here because we've done our part and now
it's time for them to do theirs
you
you
