tonight they tried to kill my child to
shut her up
well guess what you just magnified her
over the course of 24 hours Philippine
police killed 32 people in drug raids
conducted in a province north of the
capital Manila it was the single
deadliest day of president rodrigo
duterte war on drugs
Lynden capital antenna
another capital every day then maybe we
could reduce D what is this country
human rights groups have repeatedly
warned against the brutal campaign
that's left thousands dead hope Hicks a
longtime aide of the president will fill
the role of White House communications
director until a permanent replacement
can be found she'll take the place of
Anthony scaramouche II and will become
the third person to take on the role in
eight months Hicks has been the director
of strategic communications at the White
House and was a spokeswoman for Trump
during the campaign and at the Trump
Organization Twitter has deleted several
accounts linked to the daily stormer a
neo-nazi website after the deadly
violence in Charlottesville Twitter
often deactivates individual accounts
but has been reluctant to ban extremist
groups the daily stormer now joins Isis
is one of the few organizations ever to
be banished from the network earlier
today the daily stormer website found a
new home on a server in Russia after
being denied hosting service by GoDaddy
and Google for posting an article
mocking Charlotte's ville victim Heather
hire
Texas governor Greg Abbott blame the
state legislature and Republican Speaker
Joe Straus specifically for the collapse
of his conservative agenda in a special
session last night
Abbott called for the session back in
June confident that the state's
republican-controlled House and Senate
could pass 20 bills in 30 days but the
session was dogged by infighting among
conservatives and only half of the
proposed laws will make it to the
governor's desk including new abortion
regulations Abbott's other top
priorities for the state property tax
reform and an anti trans bathroom bill
failed
four days now the number of CEOs backing
away from Trump has been ticking higher
and higher today one of the president's
main business advisory groups the
strategy and Policy Forum held a
conference call and decide to disband
altogether it looked like a bigger group
the manufacturing jobs initiative would
do the same thing so Trump raced to take
credit on Twitter for canceling both of
them it was the old you can't break up
with me because I'm breaking up with you
that's pretty extraordinary because
these were the guys who just like six
months ago we're swapping golf stories
with the president in the East Room Jeff
actually watch me make a hole-in-one
can you believe this should you tell
that story all things considered it
probably wasn't the worst idea to rip
off the band-aid and save a tiny amount
of face rather than living to the drip
drip drip of CEOs resigning Trump
probably wishes you could just ban
Congress too because that's where the
focus turns now a lot of people watched
yesterday's disaster of a presidential
press conference and thought here it is
and they were very very violent the
moment when outrage and character will
defeat party loyalty but it hasn't
exactly shaken out like that at least
not yet
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
put out a statement this morning
condemning hate groups and making it
clear that quote there are no good
neo-nazis end quote
McConnell statement is pretty indicative
of where things stand on the hill right
now it's now OK for congressional
Republicans to openly criticize white
supremacists but most of them are still
on board with the guy the white
supremacists support just to be sure
this was true we spent most of the day
trying to give all 292 of them a chance
to tell us otherwise I'm a producer with
Vice news tonight on HBO we wanted to
ask whether they were morally outraged
about Trump's comments yesterday and if
so whether they plan to act on that
outrage but we didn't get much to work
with they are actually both out of the
office today
but it looks like he's actually away
from his desk at the moment
I think she just sucked out for lunch
hello you've reached the office of
Senator Risch not surprisingly none of
the offices we called were jumping to
get their bosses on the phone with us
several gave us written statements
Heretic and statement over the phone the
vast majority of offices said they'd
have to get back to us or that we should
call back later
out of everyone we call today only about
15 had statements that specifically hit
Trump at the last possible second one
actual elected member of Congress did
call us back
Charlie dent of Allentown Pennsylvania
he's a moderate Republican he told us
he's not happy with the White House
right now do you think the Republicans
in Congress need to take any sort of
formal step to show that they're
separate from the President on this
issue something like a resolution or a
censure or something like that so why is
Congress dragging its feet when the
business community is acting decisively
some of the corporate leaders who backed
away today we're taking a moral stand
but of course they also have businesses
to run and those businesses can be
boycotted and protested Republicans in
Congress seem to have other concerns
dents said that his are getting things
done and that requires working with the
administration
but he called Trump out other members
seen to be betting that their customers
that is the GOP base will stick with
Trump and therefore maybe they should
too
no father should have to do this but I
love my daughter and as I look at on you
guys you loved her too I came here today
and I was overwhelmed at the rainbow of
colors in this room that's how Heather
was it didn't matter who you were or
where you were from and she loved you
that was it you were stuck for that I'm
truly proud of my daughter
although Heather was a caring and
compassionate person so are a lot of you
a lot of you go that extra mile and I
think the reason that what happened to
Heather has struck a chord is because we
know that what she did is achievable we
don't all have to die we don't all have
to sacrifice our lives they tried to
kill my child to shut her up
well guess what you just magnified her
what's nothing you would want people to
know most about there's somebody like
Heather can take that large portion of
her life to stand up for what is right
to go outside of her means have been
comfortable by these marches to do what
is right that's admirable
that's an admirable thing and it's more
of us we're doing admirable things I'm
not positive this will happen in my city
if you had a chance to talk directly to
President Trump what would you say
going back down
to keep summer safe distance
we came down the street at 80 miles per
hour to hit on stairs man
now people bodies laying on the ground
how are you feeling I'm still feeling a
little PTSD from this weekend but going
to this memorial it really showed me
that there are a lot of good people out
here that want to stand up for what's
right in our country was right in our
community but I am feeling hurt I was
almost killed there was somebody that
was actually killed he said it was this
so inspiring to see the whole crowd
stand up to applaud her mom to know what
kind of a woman that heather was before
when she was young when she was old and
how her legacy from this incident is
gonna carry us into the future
I you know I'm still moved right now
because the the service for for Heather
was just like half an hour ago what she
was was everything that this city is and
that is everything that these terrorists
tried to burn down an attack and her
mother just said in there what she stood
for her voice is what you all have to
magnify as president Trump called you he
is not
I heard word from an aide when all this
was right when it was happening and we
won't talk to him I said of course of
course I'll talk to president but I
haven't heard yet in your book demagogue
you write about democracy's destructing
through demagogues do you think Donald
Trump is a demagogue I concluded and
I've written a lot about how he chose to
become a demagogue in his presidential
campaign it was very clear somebody who
arises sort of from a democracy they
turned the democracy against itself and
they essentially end up creating a state
within the state that only follows them
I cannot stop thinking the last few days
of a couple of parallels for this war
going through right now the first is
that Dylan roof went to Charleston why
he said to start a race war so how'd
that work out for you it didn't it led
to greater racial harmony greater racial
unity and he's now by himself in a you
know rotting away in a jail cell when
Bull Connor turned the water hoses on
the peaceful civil rights protesters
protesting segregation millions people
saw the violence and brutality that they
previously had ignored in the Jim Crow
South and Jim Crow started to collapse
and I think the same thing happened here
this weekend as a Jewish man and a
father how do you talk to your kids
about this I don't take this trash
personally I just don't I mean these are
garbage ideas that go back thousands of
years I am teaching my children that
they have to stand up for progress in
the world then you have to be pretty
thick-skinned
so you have KKK and you have Nazis so
you have evil coming to our shores so
they came trying to destroy to basically
lay arson to kind of like most
fundamental parts of our democracy and
it's because the democracy is at risk
that we're gonna we have to we have to
overcome and they're gonna lose the
first round of talks began today on one
of president Trump's top priorities
renegotiating the North American Free
Trade Agreement as a candidate Trump was
pretty clear about NAFTA I'm going to
renegotiate NAFTA one of the worst trade
deals ever signed in the history of our
country perhaps the worst ever signed in
the history frankly of the world but
what didn't have to actually do and why
has it generated so much rage signed in
1993 the deal aimed to promote trade
between the US Canada and Mexico and it
essentially removed all tariffs on goods
moving between the three countries
making trade easier and less expensive
it was never all that beloved the
essence of NAFTA is that American
workers will be forced to compete
against the desperate and impoverished
people of Mexico there will be a giant
sucking sound going south
even so NAFTA worked trade surged among
the three countries to more than one
trillion dollars in 2015 and each
country saw big gains in GDP but NAFTA
also coincided with a 27% decline in
American manufacturing jobs and a flip
in the balance of trade between the u.s.
and Mexico America now imports far more
from its southern neighbor than it sells
creating a trade deficit of 60 4.4
billion dollars
those are the two issues at the heart of
president Trump's crusade against NAFTA
but neither was actually caused by the
deal in the first place
economists say NAFTA was responsible for
less than one percent of American job
loss and less than a year after NAFTA
took effect Mexico devalued its currency
which was the primary driver of the
ensuing trade deficit all trade
agreements age over time and Canada and
Mexico are coming to the table willingly
for renegotiations but Trump has set the
bar pretty high for what he'll be able
to accomplish even with both houses of
Congress under Republican control he's
failed to pass a single large piece of
legislation and he hasn't exactly sweet
talk to Mexico or Canada Canada what
they've done to our dairy farm workers
is a disgrace it's a disgrace even if
the two countries overlook those slight
sin make concessions the New Deal still
has to go through Congress the worst
case is that the agreement falls apart
entirely and tariffs and trade barriers
return to North America in which case
the old deal might not look so bad after
all in the Gaza Strip the Israeli
military is threatening to destroy an
apartment block in a family home that it
claims are concealing a tunnel built by
Hamas to store weapons and launch
attacks but the Palestinians aren't the
only ones digging tunnels in East
Jerusalem several Palestinian families
have been forced to evacuate their homes
because of serious damage they say is
caused by Israeli settlers excavating
underneath them and they're gathering
evidence to stop the digging in court
and foon M Elam Elam odorous is a man we
still do fickle your methyl Hariyama
sanity intact
antara hiding marina
oh yes I heard it
hello Zia is one of the Palestinian
activists leading protests against the
digging he took us on a tour of the
damaged buildings this is the crack here
it goes all the way around the room in
the past few months Palestinian
residents have silh one say cracks have
been appearing in their homes caused by
Israeli settlers digging underneath them
how do you know this is connected to the
excavations going on underneath yeah in
issue in billion barber and Naaman had
the ill and hurt my mother shuffle now I
was man enough you better check that if
you had them knock in Allah bad Michael
Bendis all yet full of we had in half a
year that we muscle would happily yet
Adam I thought ASEA archaeological
excavations have been going on here for
more than a decade as still one sits on
the site of the City of David the heart
of ancient Jewish Jerusalem the
excavation site now runs in a series of
tunnels from the pool of siloam at the
southern end of Silwan underneath the
length of the neighborhood under the
alack sir compound and finally rising up
at the western wall the holiest spot
where Jews can pray
this used to be my parking lot if you
can believe this area it's absolutely
unbelievable what we have found
underneath here and we uncovered what is
today the largest excavation site active
in the let in the State of Israel today
and one of the largest in the Middle
East and you're still finding new stuff
of course every day we find something
all EF leaders come on deck Doron
Spillman is vice-president of Al and the
Israeli settler group leading the
excavation who finds it is it funded by
the Israeli government or it's funded
both by the Israeli government and by
private donors from all over the world
the two come together and create a
partnership here it's a real grassroots
initiative you are now in the old city
right now here you're in the old city
and they're in the City of David I mean
enough today what do you think is the
importance or the relevance of these
excavations to Israel's claim to
Jerusalem as its capital when you dig
here and you find the stories coming out
of the ground it's almost like a stamp
on that document saying yes we were
actually here it's not some colony that
just sprung up over time the roots are
very very deep the reality today I mean
the Muslim Quarter and until one is that
these are Palestinian neighborhoods were
the residents of the neighborhood asked
for their consent when the excavation
began under their homes the area of the
City of David is a national park in fact
all the homes that were built here were
built over national parkland sill one is
currently home to around 50 thousand
Palestinians
how many wieder owns his apartment but
had to move his family out to a rented
house in a nearby suburb when the cracks
became too dangerous
he's come back to check on the damage
does that Salone Luthor can add ammonia
or diesel Natalie for Kalani who shall
not learn who's paying for the rent of
the place where you and your family are
staying now
Wilhelm AHA - are about famine safety
Albertville alpha alpha Terrebonne alpha
infamous miracle be sure what do you
think is gonna happen in San Juan as a
result of these tunnels I am connected
on a school human insulin we have to
anomaly on water hey kid behind the
audience in one other still one
residence we met say they've been served
with eviction notices when they
complained the Israeli authorities a
Russian Thomas I wouldn't really be Tara
here sill one residents successfully
fought for the City of David excavations
to be stopped in the Israeli courts in
2008 this decision was overruled by the
High Court in 2009 which at that point
judge the digging was not damaging
Palestinian homes the settlers were
allowed to continue their excavations as
long as that entailed clearing and
repairing ancient tunnels not creating
new ones but Samia she'd the lawyer
representing siwon's Palestinian
residents believes the recent damage to
Palestinian homes is being caused by
illegal new construction by a lad he
shared with us pictures and videos I
raised this claim with her on Spielman
he denied any new construction under
still one and said the tunnel Samia is
talking about is in fact the excavation
of a 2000 year old pilgrimage road
are you willing to work with these
lawyers to give access to see if there
is in fact any damage being caused by
the excavations there's no need from
even to give them special access the
access is already there and if they have
a claim which is substantiated by
structural engineer or if they'd like us
to review it we will do everything will
sit down at the table with them I don't
believe there's any issues but if there
is an issue then we'll come to some form
so that we can move forward some form of
compensation or otherwise most of these
claims are not being brought by
residents they're being brought by
political interest groups and have a aim
at effecting Israel's sovereignty over
the area of the City of David and other
areas in East Jerusalem because it's not
actually these claims are the cracks
that are bothering them it's actually
what we're uncovering the excavation
itself we try to corroborate both Elad
and the Silwan residents claims
independently this turned out to be
impossible without contracts can
engineer whatever the cause of the
damage it will take years for this case
to be thrashed out in the Israeli courts
on February 4th of 2015 Conan O'Brien
told a joke Tom Brady says he wants to
give the truck he was given as the Super
Bowl MVP they gave him a truck he wants
to give it to the guy who won the Super
Bowl for the Patriots yeah so uh
Brady's giving his truck to Seahawks
coach Pete Carroll the day before Robert
Alix Casper tweeted this joke the same
thing happened again yesterday surveyors
announced that the Washington Monument
is ten inches shorter than what's been
recorded yeah of course the monuments
blaming the shrinkage on the cold
weather it's a penis joke and again some
cities that have streets named after
Bruce Jenner are trying to change the
streets names to Caitlyn Jenner yeah and
if you live on Bruce Jenner cul-de-sac
it will now be called a called
no sack the coincidence and timing was
enough for case burg to sue O'Brien and
Time Warner which owns HBO for joke
theft alleging damages of at least six
hundred thousand dollars the case is
still open and could go to trial soon
case burg denied our interview request
and O'Brien's team maintains they wrote
the bits comedian Patton Oswalt is an
expert witness for the defense in the
case and he can't address it directly
but he explained the challenge of
claiming ownership over a joke you've
accidentally joke I what when I was when
I was starting off I was still an open
mic her in DC and I was terrible I said
if you want to make sure that you can
sit alone on the bus when you're in your
seat and someone says hey is this seat
taken and you go oh no no one's sitting
there except the Lord and then they'll
leave you want that's a Carol Leifer
joke it's a great joke and I came off
and my friend blaine capatch said dude
and he wasn't even being mean he was
like it's Carol Leifer joke dude I don't
think he realized she didn't I was like
and then I realized oh my god it was I'd
seen her do it on what again one of
these 9000 stand-up shows that were on
TV at the time but it's again it's a
difference inning the people that act
every now and then you accidentally
throw a line out there and go oh geez
that's not mine
or the people that they throw a line out
there and gets laughs they go man fine
let it pass getting money how do you
claim ownership over a joke
people that have been doing comedy even
with for a year
understand without it having to be
spelled out on an algorithm what
ownership of a joke means we understand
who came up with the idea who ran with
it I guess it is hard to understand for
some people that comedians come up with
jokes from nothing there's no books
there are no spreadsheets of ideas
there's no workbook we can fill out to
get a joke we we create jokes from
nothing right a comedian why is it that
as an audience if somebody steals a joke
and even if it's blatant and there's
evidence I think most people think that
it's so funny the the idea of of a mass
audience not caring where the joke comes
from or who wrote it is still that is a
that's sort of a hangover from the 80s
comedy scene of the the generic brick
wall comedy shows where people went out
not to see specific comedians they went
out to see comedy period it sounds like
there's a line somewhere for you but
yeah any great if you're a comedian you
know when something's been stolen when
something is not right when it when
clearly someone is doing something that
is just not there's there's comedy need
a landmark lawsuit case in or in order
to stop jokes don't ceiling does that
need to happen for comedy I don't think
that there's going to be some kind of
landmark case for lack of a better term
that will ever completely stop joke
stealing but it will I think the best
that can happen immediately is the
environment for a jokes dealer could
just be very very unpleasant
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
August 16th
you
you
