in 2016 hackers made around a billion
dollars by holding computer data hostage
but this year ransomware attacks are
expected to be twice as frequent spread
through spam emails or by exploiting
software vulnerabilities ransomware is a
buyer studying crips data on a computer
locking you out of your own files to
have your data restored the virus
demands you send the hackers a payment
and bitcoin if you don't pay up your
files will be lost forever which is why
most businesses end up paying the ransom
according to cybersecurity expert miko
hi ponen the encryption is almost
impossible to break even if you would
have all the computers on the planet
trying to decrypt one file the Sun would
go out before they'd find the key in the
past hackers made the majority of their
money finding ways to sell stolen data
such as a victim's credit card number
but with companies getting better at
fraud detection the price for stolen
data has dropped in recent years
meanwhile the average ransomware demand
has skyrocketed which means the payoff
these attacks can be massive one virus
made as much as 325 million dollars
businesses are especially vulnerable to
ransomware because the cost of losing
corporate data can be devastating
according to IBM 70% of businesses hit
with ransomware paid their attackers on
top of that half of those companies paid
over $10,000 and 20% paid more than
40,000 oftentimes companies get hit more
than once as 85% of companies hit by
ransomware in the last year were hit by
three or more attacks one Hospital in
London was infected by ransomware 19
times over the course of 12 months
ransomware has become such a frequent
occurrence 40 percent of companies in
the UK with over 250 employees are now
stockpiling Bitcoin in the event of an
attack officially the FBI recommends
victims contact authorities and never
pay the ransom
but even police stations have had to pay
to have their files decrypted the best
option for us even though it was the
last and worst option for us was to pay
the ransom today almost anyone can get
their hands on ransomware technology
free packaged shark ransomware
can be purchased on the Deep Web for as
little as $39 and with the advent of
anonymous crypto curve
like Bitcoin hackers are extremely hard
to catch experts warn that ransomware
hackers could turn to other targets for
instance last year's cybersecurity
experts were able to infect a smart
thermostat locking the temperature at 99
degrees unless the owner paid up the
most dangerous potential target could be
our industrial control systems entire
power grids could be held ransom to
hackers there's no immediate solution to
the ransomware problem the only real way
hackers will slow down attacks is if
people stop paying the ransoms
