yeah yeah once upon de esta became a
three or four times a week
Yami Rubio Quinto Cruz walks to a cyber
cafe down the street from his apartment
he types a phrase into YouTube and
watches images of his five children move
across the screen
yummy lost custody of his children three
years ago after he was deported there
are now 57 home movies of the kids on
YouTube posted by their adoptive family
yum eat has watched every minute of them
over and over we decided not to show the
kids faces there's been wonderful
innovative experiment think annoyed that
kept there's no psycho nails it Lily
dong who made it funny from the
upholstery forever tour started the
American child welfare system is
designed to always give priority to the
biological parent even if they've
committed a felony or sentenced to
decades in prison and according to
international law
families should only be separated as a
last resort but when a parent is
deported from the US their rights aren't
always protected this is how one such
parent came to be separated from his
children
yah Meade was 16 when he left the cup
Winkle and crossed the border through
the desert on foot without papers he
settled in a trailer park in Jonesboro
Georgia and met the mother of his
children three years later at a gas
station off of Interstate 75
you know India which English the Hosea
seg√∫n allow focus biological intent our
local over the next eight years
yeah Mead and his girlfriend living on
his wages as an electrician had four
children together
plus one from another father that you
meet raised as his own they never
married they argued often both he and
his ex who asked not to be named in the
story told us the same thing even though
their fights were heated he never hit
her nevertheless Yami was arrested for
domestic violence three times the third
time the neighbors called the cops
proved to be the last on the advice of
his court-appointed lawyer Yami to plead
guilty
not realizing this would lead to his
deportation poor candy stick ICICI
Willis could probably porque this
mysterious Olivia Hallisey in the court
so yeah curiosity because my skin is a
severe okay two days before Christmas
2011 Immigration and Customs Enforcement
but ya Meade on a one-way flight to
Mexico eight months later Georgia's
Department of Family and Children's
Services known as D Fox visited Yummy's
children and found them unattended the
five kids the oldest of whom was 8 years
old were put in foster care records show
that their mother never visited them and
later tested positive for meth and
marijuana yummy de was desperate to
return to the US and reunite with his
children he ended up making six separate
attempts to cross the border and serving
three federal prison sentences adding up
to two years for illegal reentry
on one occasion he requested to serve
his time in Atlanta so he'd be closer to
the kids and could try to see them from
prison he repeatedly contacted defects
the juvenile court and the Mexican
Consulate with no luck documents show
that yummy de pleaded with immigration
officials to bring his children with him
to Mexico but ice did not act on his
Qwest paloma poodle alderman angel
colorado revisited the straw or a
socialist no communica intent a but it
was talking to very pero con determine
for via telephony on september 9th 2014
nearly three years after he was deported
from the US
yummy lost the kids for good he was in
tijuana when he got the call
you love Lippert Olivier said commenting
okay a little meant for Kerry in command
thousand he was poor poorest
 nothing to tell this but a coma
Boyer said possibly come and tell me the
salami forest and the medical my loss
empty you know I owe you that me like I
mean it should be okay no one tracks
these kinds of cases although one
nonprofit estimated in 2011 that more
than 5,000 kids were in foster care
under similar circumstances they plan
familias pursuant across the Atlantic
okay as George's child advocate Tom
Rawlings oversees the state's child
welfare system and is acutely aware of
its flaws including the way it often
treats deported parents is a deportation
treated by the system intentionally or
otherwise as a form of abandonment it
should not be the families should not
have borders you are still a parent
regardless of where you are and I think
under our state national and really
international law that is the way it is
supposed to be our federal and state
child welfare system are designed to
reunite children with parents Jamia has
seen his children on family vacations to
national parks
he's watched them celebrate their
birthdays and go about their daily lives
in their new home he noticed that some
of his kids had new names in the name of
the castilian
is her infinite wisdom based on be any
key opens our Istanbul Turkey
Philemon decor electronic community of
one by another not numerous questions
but not matter less in control no city
mother personal investor for the time to
tell she is about a million temple
awesome Esther local mass petrol coupons
naturalism
you
