Hampton Creek a Czech food startup that
aims to replace animal products in food
with more sustainable plant ones has
recently faced a slew of negative
coverage accusing it of classic Silicon
Valley hubris and overreach the company
was running a large scale and very
secret operation in which it sent
contractors to purchase hundreds of jars
of its own product
Josh Tetrick a vegan with a background
in the nonprofit world who want to work
for the Liberian leader Ellen Johnson
Sirleaf started the company in 2011 by
the $3,100 in his bank account
since then he's raised 220 million
dollars from Silicon Valley investors
like Peter Thiel and Marc Benioff he
believes that most supermarkets are full
of food that provides poor nutrition and
is built on industrial farming an
excessive water and land use Oh chilly
so what are we seeing is a plant library
this is where our entire world starts
there are about 350 3,000 species of
plants all around the world most of us
are used to soy corn and we miss about
it the very first step in our process is
bring those plants in the world that
kind of forgotten about in and this is
where we store a portion of them for us
to be able to test them to look at
molecular properties to look at
functional properties we have to mill
them down what we're really looking for
is can we find a plant that is
nutrient-dense can we find a plant that
will make a really good cake or a plant
that will make healthier and more
sustainable mail without as much
degradation to the environment and
that's a challenge the mill planned to
run through an automated lab and end up
in a kitchen where chef mostly hired to
the molecular gastronomy restaurant moto
in Chicago
try and make them into foods that are as
good or better than the ones they're
replacing tell me what to say so this is
our just scramble it is a plant protein
a little bit of water some minerals a
little bit of salt have a taste first
looks like an egg it smells like
and how does it taste tastes like a and
that maybe like a Falcons exhibition so
far Hampton Creek sells mayonnaise
dressing dough's and mixes and plans to
release scrambled eggs and lab-grown
chicken steak and fish in the coming
year a series of articles of accused
Hampton Creek buying its own products to
boost sales figures then the company's
entire board stepped down last month
with little explanation the company
itself has said it's been the victim of
a smear campaign by the American Egg
Board it's true that after emails
detailing the Aedes campaign against
Hampton Creek were released in 2015 the
board's chief executives step down as
with many technology stories the truth
is hard to discern it is the usual chaos
of any ambitious startup or something
else you've been quoted as saying that
you know there are no rules that apply
really to building a business this way
one of the rules is don't buy a shitload
of your own product and of course you've
been accused of doing exactly that for
the purposes of kind of teaming more
successful what would you say to the
allegation there's a lot of hand-to-hand
combat in the world of retail we have
lids falling off and all sorts of qa/qc
issues it would buy some of the products
that had those issues and in the process
of doing that they might buy extra jars
charges to clarify that what you're
saying is if you send people in to buy
the product the supermarket thinks we're
selling a lot of products and they want
to give you more shelf space you got it
and how does that relate to the recent
departure of the board of Hampton Creek
not not really connected I you know the
board all of whom are still advisors to
the company and the one venture
capitalist continues to have a seat on
the board not really connected I think
it was really a situation where we step
back and asked ourselves first from a
company's perspective does it make sense
to carry on like we're doing and in some
respects we we asked folks to leave and
in others they decided it was the right
thing then again from an outside
perspective
it perhaps doesn't look great doesn't
seem like a gesture of faith in the
company and progress that the entire
board steps down what do you what do you
think if you give me the Treasury 100
percent chance of getting it sold for a
billion dollars or 20% chance of doing
something more extraordinary we're
always going to choose that the people
that decided to do it with us get that
and many people have said that is not
for me
morning he's right that other retailers
especially startup have bought their own
products too we reached out to the board
members who recently departed only one
former Health and Human Services
Secretary Kathleen Sebelius responded
she declined to comment but sent a
statement from the company on behalf of
the director Tetrick says that much of
the recent turmoil was based on his
trying to get control of his company so
he could focus on the most ambitious
plan including the holy grail of
lab-grown food meat and fish Tetrick
says that Hampton Creek has found a way
to feed animal cells with plant products
they brought us into their meat lab or
would only let us film in a small corner
of it globally meat consumption is going
up not down could be going up by a
hundred percent by 2060 so sort of begs
the question how does one solve that and
so what you're trying to do is basically
make chicken more efficient it's a
really inefficient way to get chicken
onto the plate to raise a chicken feed
it kill it and then ship its part to
supermarkets yeah exactly so we're only
really using about half of the carcass
which means a lot of wasted energy as
well as a lot of the greenhouse gas
emissions that come with it and so all
of that is avoided by having a more
efficient process that promotes just the
parts that we want how's it different
from you know corn or whatever other
meat alternatives you might be able to
pick up on a supermarket shelf good to
me yeah it's not it's that plant-based
it is a hundred percent me
within about a year we're liking at the
just chicken just Kobe beef or just
bluefin tuna Michelle it'll certainly be
an animal problem I don't know if it's
going to be one of those three
specifically I think more likely not
it'll be in the avian family let's look
ten years into the future do you want to
be bigger than General Mills bigger than
crops or Nestle I want us to be an
extraordinarily large company but at the
end of the day we can make plants that
scramble pans all day long we can make
you know a meat from a cell but if we do
not get it on Aisle seven and the frozen
section the refrigerated section if we
don't get into the hands of kids in West
Africa it is all
you
