tonight Down Goes the mooch
constitutional crisis in Venezuela and
the vaping vote
Christmas Ando a senior Kenyan election
official has been found dead three days
after he went missing his death
heightens fears of potential disruptions
in next week's national election when
Kenyans will choose a new president and
new legislators the chair of the
country's election commission said
Masson Doe was tortured before he was
murdered police did not say who killed
Masson Doe or an unidentified woman who
was found with him pasando was supposed
to oversee a public testing of the
voting system today former Maricopa
County Sheriff Joe Arpaio has been found
guilty of criminal contempt through
willfully violating a federal judge's
order to stop racial profiling Arpaio
known for taking a tough stance on
immigration said he will appeal the
verdict he argued that the judge's order
wasn't clear and that he didn't mean to
violate it prosecutors said he refused
to end traffic patrols that targeted
immigrants in order to help his 2012
campaign the city of Los Angeles has
agreed to host the Summer Olympics in
2028 paving the way for Paris to hold
the 2024 games the two cities and the
International Olympic Committee had been
negotiating for weeks as part of the
agreement the IOC will advance a lei at
least 1.8 billion dollars for youth
sports programs as the conflict in
Crimea intensifies the Pentagon and
State Department are proposing supplying
Ukraine with lethal defensive weapons
including anti-tank missiles to fight
against Russian backed separatists the
shift comes just as tensions are rising
between Washington in the Kremlin over
sanctions against Russia the US has
offered only limited support for Kiev's
military since Russia invaded and took
control of the Crimean Peninsula in 2014
the White House would need to approve
the plan before it goes into effect
how long will you yell after six months
of chaos it's easy to mistake the firing
of White House communications director
Anthony scarab muti who hadn't even been
sworn in yet as an official White House
employee is just one more example of the
Trump administration's chronic
dysfunction the president has now cycled
through more high-profile firings and
resignations than many full
administrations but what if instead of
chaos today's firing was the first a
meaningful sign of order that's what
Sarah Sanders was selling it today's
White House press briefing general Kelly
I think will bring a new structure to
the White House and discipline and
strength for the record there's not one
person who believes that Ciara Meucci
left voluntarily this is the work of new
chief of staff general John Kelly and at
least in the short term it signals that
maybe finally the president has settled
on at least one advisor who he's willing
to trust and empower above all the
others one of the things the press
secretary was clear about today was that
the full White House chain of command
now goes directly through the general
general Kelly has the full authority to
operate within the White House and all
staff will report to him various sources
say Kelly insisted upon firing
scaramouche as one of his first acts and
made his acceptance of the chief of
staff job contingent on it
Kelly was sworn in this morning Scarah
Meucci was gone this afternoon given
that scaramouche II was hired at the
urging of Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump
it's a strong signal that on the ever
spinning carousel of influence it's
Kelly who currently has Trump's trust
on Thursday when scaramouche's quotes
savaging Reince Priebus came out sarah
sanders was asked whether the president
still had confidence in Priebus sanders
tried to spend the White House turmoil
as a positive she said this isn't
groupthink
and quote we have a lot of healthy
competition four days later previs is
out scaramouche E is out and the new
chief of staff made his view clear
healthy competition is out it looks like
the only person he wants challenging him
is the president early this afternoon
the US Treasury Department announced
sanctions against Venezuelan president
Nicolas Maduro freezing his offshore
assets and marking him as a full-blown
international pariah the designation
came in response to an election last
night that installed a new National
Assembly with the power to rewrite
Venezuela's Constitution most if not all
of the 545 Assembly members voted in are
loyal to Maduro and the cohort includes
the president's wife and son the vote
which American officials called the Sham
also brought about the bloodiest day
since protests against maderos
government began in April at least 16
people were killed yesterday
Maduro scamp announced the results at a
rally last night in Caracas Ben Anderson
was there
even President Nicolas Maduro arrived
apparatus assist epidurals government
claims 8 million people voted
well the opposition says only two point
1 million ballots were cast algunos tell
me that I'm a New Rochelle da tell me
that I'm in Helsinki Africa became local
a mighty hooligan opera with an approval
rate of just 20 percent the president
will now control all branches of the
country's government president Trump
stern warnings against the move were
ignored and an emboldened Medora had a
message during last night's victory
speech yesterday well the government
celebrated its victory i met with
opposition leader and vice president of
the national assembly
Freddie Guevara how are you good
trouble they're more trouble every day
that passes I don't work for most the
government clearly believes a can crush
the opposition and the protest movie
following yesterday's events Venezuela
will now face further isolation its
economic collapse looks set to
accelerate and life for the
long-suffering people here will get
worse the bossa nova charming
I mean Tilottama Dondo is drama
kondou Camilla La Silla
today a White House Commission on opioid
use headed by Governor Chris Christie
urged the President to declare a
national emergency to combat a rising
death toll from drug overdoses a toll
that commissioner said was quote equal
to September 11th every three weeks
across the country cities and towns are
figuring out new ways to confront the
epidemic those on the frontlines in
Buffalo New York are trying to solve the
problem in the courtroom we're about 80
opioid users facing drug charges are
enrolled in a treatment program that can
have some of them facing a judge every
day these vacant some of these users
like to come here the crashes shoot up
here they're going to come back these
days Buffalo officers Charlie Miller and
Andrew whiteford spend a lot more time
searching abandoned buildings for drugs
and overdose victims when we first got
on we had one overdose call that was in
2012 and it was a young girl that had
swallowed some pills that was the only
overdose that we saw 2014 it just
completely belong the officers described
the city's drug landscape a lot like a
game of whack-a-mole where for every
person helped another drug-dealing house
is found and other person overdoses in a
single week last year three people
fatally overdosed while awaiting court
appearances it's very sad it is very
very sad and then we've talked with some
of these people in cell block like you
know if you keep doing this you're gonna
and the response usually as I know
Buffalo's answer to its opiate crisis is
the country's first opiate intervention
court thank you please be seated after a
person is arrested they're interviewed
given a medical screening and sent to
the courtroom of Judge Craig Hannah all
right we're going to start our opiate
court calendar at this time 22 year-old
Jessica Siler has had multiple drug
arrests and is one of the courts first
participants how are you everything's
going well they saying that you're
coming up to your 30 days but here
there's no mention of crimes committed
and Hannah acts more as a life coach
than a judge find someone you feel
comfortable with and always have a
discussion about it because you don't
want to keep it bottled in Hannah meets
with dozens of people daily the fact
that you're here and you know we're
going to talk to you is gonna help you
grow from experience and like last week
I think they kept me motivated to stay
flamin unlike standard drug courts
participants are put into treatment
within days of their arrest they get
their charges put on hold for at least
thirty days and when they complete the
program they get a certificate
congratulations while we give them a
round of applause
you have successfully completed our
intervention program and I would like to
give you this certificate of
appreciation keep up the good work they
all still face charges but the charges
may be reduced or even dropped a lot of
addicts have burned all their bridges so
they don't have their family and more
and pulling for them they don't have
their girlfriend or their boyfriend now
we're that constant contact with them
showing there's actually someone that
loves and cares for them and once them
to do well because that's half of the
data what made your light bulb go off
you know what brought you to your
personal philosophy on the balance
between treatment and carceral it's easy
for me I'm in recovery
so my drug of choice years ago was
marijuana and sometimes we used to put
cocaine in it and when I tell some of
our participants that I'm an addict they
look at me like I'm crazy I was like the
only difference between me and you is
that
I've been cleaning for 20 years but the
addiction is still there how successful
do you feel you've been our goal is
keeping our participants alive so we
have a hundred percent success rate
right now no deaths no deaths our goal
is to make sure they're here the next
day tomorrow next week next year we want
to make sure that they changed their
life and get the help that they need
for Jessica Siler help came in the form
of court-mandated rehab and nightly
curfew calls with court staff she says
she never would have sought treatment on
her own I remember like waking up in the
morning and being like literally like my
thought process was the only way I'm
gonna get clean as if I go to jail like
cuz I just know myself so you were
almost hoping that you'd get arrested I
mean like nobody really hopes to get
arrested but like I just knew that like
nothing was ever gonna change unless I
go be arrested so Jessica started using
heroin at 17 she thinks more than 40 of
her friends have died because of the
drug and its cost her custody of her
daughter I used to shoot up in front of
my daughter and take her on drug deals
with me and at this point we were both
living here in my grandparents house and
um you know I disappeared for a couple
weeks and I just came back one day and
they were just like oh your daughter
doesn't live here anymore I was like
what the do you mean you know like
what like I just came home one day and
she like just wasn't here anymore like
all of my guilt and shame are like from
like like all the guilt and shame I have
it's like from like the things I did
it's an addict to like that little girl
cuz like she never asked for like any of
this why is there a different kind of
urgency with the opioid crisis and it's
related criminal justice proceedings and
there has been in previous drug courts
and with different drug related
addiction issues I think we learned a
lot from the 70s and 80s when they just
locked everyone up instead of trying to
get on the treatment because if you lock
people up they still have a drug problem
when they get out the opiate Court is
funded in part by
Department of Justice grant approved
during the Obama administration but the
program launched under President Trump
he campaigned on old-fashioned law and
order and whose Attorney General has
profoundly conservative views on drug
treatment we need to say as Nancy Reagan
said just say no don't do it you know
you have colleagues who think that what
you're doing is crazy
do you worry then that it might mean
that the model that you started isn't
able to spread elsewhere people won't
look for our turn to incarceration until
it hits home and this is something
that's hitting a wide section of society
the success of Hannah's court will be
judged by how its graduates do since I
met her Jessica Sylar has completed the
opiate Court program and will face her
criminal drug charges in early August
there is the drug world and then there's
the real world and I don't know
sometimes it gets to me because I'm like
so good at like living in the drug world
then I don't know how to live in the
real world are you confident you'll be
able to keep up somebody told me once
like never say that you got this because
as soon as you think you got this
that's the exact moment that you don't
got this you know so like am i confident
I think so I hope so
it suddenly occurred to me that I was
maybe avoiding a territory that I needed
to investigate which is the family and
had voided it for for quite a while
because to me it was if there was there
was a danger in I was a little afraid of
it particularly around my old man and
all of that emotional territory you know
I didn't really want to tiptoe in there
and then I said well I bigger better
on Friday the FDA announced that they'll
begin forcing tobacco companies to lower
nicotine levels in cigarettes but
declined to put any regulations
whatsoever on the vaping industry it's
being billed as a push towards safer
nicotine products but it's also a huge
boon to the e-cigarette manufacturers
and legions of vapors who feared the
bureaucracy was going to clamp down and
according to America's most prominent
small government advocate that grateful
constituency could form a powerful new
voting bloc so god bless all of you god
bless Wisconsin god bless america thank
you did you hear the one about how
vapors won a Senate race in 2016
Thank You vapors you made the nice
Hospital
be on your side that Senator Ron Johnson
publican from Wisconsin thanking vapors
at his election night party he wasn't
supposed to win the election but he did
on the campaign trail
Johnson actively looked for support from
vapors grover norquist's the president
of the conservative group Americans for
Tax Reform thinks vaping didn't just
help win Johnson's race he thinks vaping
could help remake the Republican Party
into the party of young people so why do
you care so much about vaping because
vaporous cares so much about it and the
government's screwing with them I work
with groups and individuals that being
picked on by the government with the
government's messin with them whether
they're raising their taxes or pushing
around in their business and their
professional life Grover thinks that
being strongly prove' can make
conservatism the ideology of choice for
freedom-loving young voters and so you
see a chance to sort of grab some
liberals maybe by talking about the fact
that Democrats are trying to ban vaping
oh I have met with lifelong Democrats
who said until this vaping is freed up
from government threat I'm voting with
the Republicans because the DS just
don't get it on this issue so do you go
a lot of vaping shops in your life yes
yes okay we're gonna go one now this is
like the Apple Store of vaping it looks
like vaping politics are outside the
mainstream conversation in Washington
there's a Captain Kangaroo flavor
there's a scooby-doo flavor but
Democrats have for the most part stood
with anti-smoking groups that say vaping
is a gateway to young people getting
hooked on nicotine eventually becoming
smokers the vaping industry not
surprisingly disagrees and as chief
lobbyist in Washington Mike Hogan used
to work for a Democratic senator I asked
him what he thought of Grover's theory
I'm terrified that he's right when you
find something that saves your life like
like vaping did mine you really are
loyal to it right so if you see the
government threatening to shut down the
thing that you think gave you a new
lease on life
you're gonna vote a single issue like
that Democrats have been the leaders on
harm reduction in condom use to prevent
unwanted pregnancies and AIDS needle
distribution but with tobacco there
abstinence only party no one is arguing
vaping is safe the best you can gather
people like Mike Hogan
is that vaping is safer than cigarettes
it definitely smells good inside a vape
shop I will say that the big test for
the industry comes in November 2018 when
a new FDA vanilla goes into effect it
will require all vape manufacturers to
submit scientific data showing the
potential impact of their products on
both vapors and non vapors that takes a
lot of time and a lot of money and
vaping companies say it will cripple
their industry Grover doesn't care
people vapor not but he cares about is
whether vapors vote and have giving them
what they want will help conservatism
appeal to young voters the CDC did a big
report on vaping in America in 2014 they
found around 9 million vapors the
average vapor was between 18 and 44
years old
white and male so these are the majority
of the electorate Grover and his
supporters are talking about and no one
can really be sure how much impact
vaping really had on that election in
Wisconsin a few Wisconsin Democrats told
us that despite Johnson's victory night
video they didn't hear any buzz about
vaping until after the election I don't
believe the the vaping community in
Wisconsin had any real impact any kind
of a US Senate race Ron Johnson was
probably just checking a box that big
there of some pet issue of grover
norquist's the grover is convinced and
he's a pretty influential guy in
Republican circles can we do a Belgian
waffle all right we gotta do Belgian
waffle for Grover oh yeah totally toffee
so whether or not Johnson owes his job
to being senator vape it's likely we'll
see more Republicans picking up the
mantle that tastes like freedom to you
that's vice news tonight for Monday July
31st
you
