the singularity is the theoretical day
that artificial intelligence advances
beyond human understanding and begins to
change the villa's ation in ways we
can't conceive of many fears of
singularity needs one try the grip not
pinned Arvin Armen he's doing his small
part to make it happen by teaching
robots to make art he's writing code
that nobody's seen before and thinks his
machines are on the precipice of
creative autonomy here's a de Kooning in
this one the Styles like just as
interesting Wow
I'd like that looks cool and here is
gonna come a little darker but transfer
gear and salaries like human suffering
on my face Pindar is a computer security
contractor in Northern Virginia but for
the last 12 years he's been making robot
artists on the side these portraits are
made by sending the computer to images
and running an algorithm called style
transfer it takes content and style from
one and applies it to the other here's
us Marilyn Monroe so it doesn't quite
capture what Andy Warhol is doing though
right because like instead of just
making my hair blonde it gives me like
Marilyn hair so how would it have to
progress to make it more in the style of
Warhol yeah it doesn't it doesn't really
kept your context right now so style
transfer does amazing things a lot of
data scientists are trying to make this
even better including myself we're
trying to find a way to add the context
we just don't know how yet the hardware
is pretty basic the robots can be built
for just a few hundred dollars is the a
I work in the special sauce is his
software program a decade in the making
called cloud painter like a human
artists cloud painter remember this past
work and can try to improve it and it's
style evolved over time and the robots
can see what they're doing because they
use cameras to watch their work in
progress and make adjustments I want
them to always watch what they're
painting is that's when they make the
really good decision to do the robots
ever create something that falls in the
uncanny valley where it's kind of creepy
I've been at eggs
we're fellow artists has come is like I
don't know whether to be really
impressed with this or really disgusted
with it and so it's an the uncanny value
that I am trying to replicate human
creativity it does make some people
uneasy
Pindar can tell the robot to paint
whoever walks in front of the robots
camera or it can program it to paint
something based on what's turning in
Google moon
but that still essentially means
Pindar's the artist and the robot is his
medium can a robot be creative yeah it
definitely can be creative but it's like
a question of like what level of
creativity like I think my robots and
they make portraits they make all the
same creative decisions I make it's
actually making decisions about what to
do yeah I have some paintings that I
don't make a single decision all I do is
turn the robot on and say paint the next
person that walks in front of the camera
so there is a way a robot can use an
evolutionary approach to develop an
algorithm it can randomly select all
these algorithms paint a bunch of Brunch
strokes randomly on ten different
canvases throw them up for sale on eBay
whichever one sells the highest it tries
to paint a little more like that do you
think your robot has started making more
beautiful paintings over time beauty is
measured by how interesting is
definitely much more beautiful but
aesthetically the aesthetics are going
in an unsure direction because I just
wanted to make a beautiful painting I
could I could use a printer and print it
out and be perfect and so I'm going away
from that I'm trying to get more
interpretation more serendipity Kim
Goldberg is an artist and professor of
engineering who runs the robotics lab at
UC Berkeley we showed them how Pindar's
robots work world lights will do
unexpected things all the time the fact
that it does something a little bit
surprising doesn't mean and it's
creative it's saying it's the nature of
most machines I that bill don't do
things you don't expect as soon as you
inject any kind of randomness into a
program you get behavior that you may
not predict and this is essential to a
lot of the deep learning or AI methods
being able to show where this
uncertainty is arising is very
interesting conceptually but I want to
make a distinction between that and
saying well the robot is now being
creative I think when people see a great
work of art one reason they relate to it
is because you think all this great
artists have the same emotion as me so
how could a robot create that yeah I
don't know obviously a robot won't be
able to make emotional artwork until it
is emotional but that doesn't mean that
when we look at a piece of artwork we
can't get emotions from it so you know
every so often my robot I'll paint a
picture that looks like a sad person
that might make me feel sad through what
was obviously not sad when I made it but
it didn't stop me from having that
emotional reaction
