early this afternoon the US Treasury
Department announced sanctions against
Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro
freezing his offshore assets and marking
him as a full-blown international pariah
the designation came in response to an
election last night that installed a new
National Assembly with the power to
rewrite Venezuela's Constitution most if
not all of the 545 Assembly members
voted in are loyal to Maduro and the
cohort includes the president's wife and
son the vote which American officials
called the sham also brought about the
bloodiest day since protests against
Maduro government began in April at
least 16 people were killed yesterday
Maduro scamp announced the results at a
rally last night in Caracas Ben Anderson
was there Maduro arrived at practices of
our plaza Maduro government claims 8
million people voted the opposition says
only two ballots were cast with an
approval rate of just 20% the president
will now control all branches of the
country's government president Trump's
turn warnings against the move were
ignored and an emboldened Medora had a
message during last
yesterday well the government celebrated
its victory
I met with opposition leader and vice
president of the National Assembly
Freddy Guevara how are you good you're
in more trouble every day that passes I
don't work for the government clearly
believes it can crush the opposition and
the protest movement following
yesterday's events Venezuela will now
face further isolation its economic
collapse look set to accelerate and life
for the long-suffering people here will
get worse said the son of the chairman
Roger Lattimore tanto
Candoco varanasi de
you
you
