on Friday the FDA announced that they'll
begin forcing tobacco companies to lower
nicotine levels and cigarettes but
declines to put any regulations
whatsoever on the vaping industry it's
being billed as a push towards safer
nicotine products but it's also a huge
food to the e-cigarette manufacturers
and legions of vapors who feared the
bureaucracy was going to clamp down and
according to America's most prominent
small government advocate that grateful
constituency could form a powerful new
voting bloc so god bless all of you god
bless Wisconsin god bless america
thank you did you hear the one about how
vapors won a Senate race in 2016
thank you papers you made tonight
possible exhalation I'll be on your side
that Senator Ron Johnson Republican from
Wisconsin Banking vapors at his election
night party he wasn't supposed to win
the election but he did on the campaign
trail Johnson actively looked for
support from vapors Grover Norquist the
president of the conservative group
Americans for Tax Reform thinks vaping
didn't just help win Johnson's race so
he thinks vaping could help remake the
Republican Party into the party of young
people so why do you care so much about
vaping because vaporous cares so much
about it and the government's screwing
with them I work with groups and
individuals that being picked on by the
government with the government's messin
with them whether they're raising their
taxes or pushing around in their
business and their professional life
Grover thinks that being strongly probe
aid can make conservatism the ideology
of choice for freedom-loving young
voters and so you see a chance to sort
of grab some liberals maybe by talking
about the fact that Democrats are trying
to ban beeping oh I have met with
lifelong Democrats who said until this
day thing is freed up from government
threat I'm blending with Republicans
because the DS just don't get it on this
issue should you go a lot of vaping
shops in your life yeah yeah okay well
we're going to go on one now this is
like the Apple Store of vaping it looks
like vaping politics are outside the
mainstream conversation in Washington
there's a Captain Kangaroo flavor
there's a scooby-doo flavor the
Democrats have for the most part stood
with
smoking groups that say vaping is a
gateway to young people getting hooked
on nicotine eventually becoming smokers
the vaping industry not surprisingly
disagrees and as chief lobbyist in
Washington Mike Hogan used to work for a
Democratic senator I asked him what he
thought of Grover's theory I'm terrified
that he's right when you find something
that saves her life like like vaping did
mine you really are loyal to it right so
if you see the government threatening to
shut down the thing that you think gave
you a new lease on life you're going to
vote a single issue like that Democrats
have been the leaders on harm reduction
in condom use to prevent unwanted
pregnancies and AIDS needle distribution
but with tobacco there abstinence only
party no one is arguing vaping is safe
the best you can get are people like
Mike Hogan is that vaping is safer than
cigarettes it definitely smells good
inside a safe shop I will say that the
big test for the industry comes in
November 2018 when a new FDA bill goes
into effect it will require all of eight
manufacturers to submit scientific data
showing the potential impact of their
products on both vapors and non vapors
that takes a lot of time and a lot of
money and vaping companies say it will
cripple their industry
Grover doesn't care people Vapor not
what he cares about is whether vapors
vote and of giving them what they want
will help conservatism appeal to young
voters the CDC is a big report on vaping
in America in 2014 they found around 9
million vapors the average vapor was
between 18 and 44 years old white and
male so these are the majority of the
electorate Grover and his supporters are
talking about and no one can really be
sure how much impact vaping really had
on that election in Wisconsin a few
Wisconsin Democrats told us that despite
Johnson's victory night video they
didn't hear any buzz about vaping until
after the election I don't believe the
the vaping community in Wisconsin had
any real impact any kind of a US Senate
race Ron Johnson is probably just
checking a box that big there of some
pet issue of grover norquist's but
Grover is convinced and he's a pretty
influential guy in Republican circles
can we do a Belgian waffle alright we
gotta do Belgian waffle for Grover oh
yeah totally toffee so whether or not
Johnson owes his job to being Senator
VAP it's likely we'll see more
Republicans picking up the mantle that
tastes like freedom to you created
hahahah heavily tax freedom
you
