fighting between Palestinian protesters
and Israeli police continued in East
Jerusalem last night the deadliest
violence the city has seen in more than
two years early Tuesday morning Israeli
authorities removed disputed metal
detectors from outside al-aqsa mosque
the installation of the sensors almost
two weeks ago triggered mass
demonstrations by Palestinians an
outrage across the Muslim world where
they were seen as an attempt by Israel
to assert control over one of Islam's
most important holy sites but the
protests have shown no signs of subsided
jaqen Rihan has more from Jerusalem
as soon as the prayers finished here in
Jerusalem around al-aqsa mosque the
police started firing stun grenades the
process is here you can see them running
is absolute chaos the conflict had no
shortage of sensitivity there are few
more delicate than those surrounding the
al-aqsa mosque in East Jerusalem it's
administered by the Palestinians by
access to the compound is in which also
contains the sacred Jewish site of
Temple Mount is managed by Israel this
isn't the first time it seemed violent
clashes in 2000 former prime minister
Ariel Sharon's controversial visit to
the compound escalated attention that
led to the Second Intifada against its
historical backdrop the Netanyahu
ordered the installation of metal
detectors after two Israeli policemen
were killed outside the mosque on July
14 Jawad cm the prominent Palestinian
activist we've been coming to the site
of the mosque days now to protest
despite the removal of the metal
detectors to widen thousands of
Palestinians like him they they'll
continue to protest you can see the
notification that the assuages are able
to see made for us take thanks for
stupid Netanyahu that you need us to
come together again people organized in
a way that I never could imagine
Netanyahu ignored warnings from senior
security official was not to install the
metal detectors egged on by Israel
bright far-right coalition and keen to
deflect from a personal political
scandal after backtracking
many Israelis aware we of appearing to
give in to the Palestinians demand
Netanyahu now faces the backlash even
from his own party do you think it was a
mistake for Netanyahu to decide to
remove the metal detectors you know
first of all yes I fed from the right
moment if somebody will move those metal
detectors off he will need to deal with
what's going to happen after so will be
is fault but there is something bigger
than this when you ask the land of is
there 77 percent of the citizens of
Israel said
was a mistake to take them off the
Palestinians say it's about the Israelis
trying to control them and not about
security I would say to them that you
know I want to keep my language but I
would say that simple it cut the
 it's not just it's only this
you know there is a small small
difference between the conflict that we
have between Israelis and Palestinians
to a religion war there was a lot that
the void Palestinians but they've been
united by this crisis
Netanyahu's latest demand that all
visitors to the mosque must be searched
before they can enter is likely to keep
people on the street
you
