tonight charging ahead on Obamacare
repeal catamarans doesn't have enough
support though to go forward
sorry you didn't what counsel paying
drug users not to reproduce and the new
frontier of carbon capture the two main
rival leaders in Libya's years-long
conflict have agreed to a cease-fire
following talks held near Paris they
also committed to work toward holding
presidential and parliamentary elections
soon though no specific date was set the
meeting between un-backed prime minister
fiies al Siraj and military commander
Khalifa Haftar was hosted by French
president Emmanuel macron hopefully not
good they get enough unionism a powdered
yellow let people know puffy dengue
fever has killed at least 296 people in
Sri Lanka in an unprecedented outbreak
the mosquito-borne disease has infected
more than a hundred thousand people in
the country this year alone health
authorities say recent monsoon rains and
poor sanitation have helped create ideal
conditions for mosquitoes but a Red
Cross official said they're also
confronting a new strain of the virus
that is hard to fight off the Journal of
the American Medical Association
published a study today that looked at
the brains of 111 former NFL players and
it showed that 110 of them had CTE a
degenerative disease believed to be
caused by multiple blows to the head
symptoms include memory loss confusion
depression and dementia along with the
former NFL players researchers also
examined high school and college players
brains and found that 87 percent of all
the studies subjects had CTE there's no
more debate about whether or not this is
a problem in football
in a rare show of bipartisanship the
House voted overwhelmingly 419 to 3 to
pass new sanctions against Russia and to
limit president Trump's ability to lift
them the sanctions target Russia for its
interference in the American
presidential election and also hit
around in North Korea for their weapons
programs it's still not certain that
Trump will sign the bill which includes
a provision requiring congressional
approval of any move to get rid of the
sanctions after bashing his own Attorney
General in interviews and on Twitter
President Trump continued to voice his
displeasure with Jeff sessions even as
he denied leaving him twisting in the
wind I told you before I'm very
disappointed with the Attorney General
but we will see what happens
time will tell time Senator John McCain
battling brain cancer returned to the
Senate to vote in favor of opening
debate on Obamacare repeal but then he
took the floor to deliberate storm party
warning a procedure they had a known
Republican majority
stop listening to the bombastic loud
mouths on a radio and television and the
internet to hell with them I will not
vote for this bill as it is today it's a
shell of a bill right now we all know
that we tried to do this by coming up
with a proposal behind closed doors in
consultation with the administration and
finding it on sceptical members trying
to convince them that it's better than
nothing that it's better than nothing
whether or not we are of the same party
we are not the presence of ordinance we
are is equal but McCain's plea won't
mean much for how the process plays out
with the Arizona senators I vote secured
Vice President Mike Pence broke a 50-50
time to open the next assault on the
Affordable Care Act over unified
Democratic opposition but even as they
move forward Senate Republicans still
can't agree on what repeal should look
like Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has
a plan to thread the needle jam a
modified repeal bill through the Senate
and then likely move into what's called
conference committee where Senate and
House Republicans would try to work out
their differences and craft some kind of
consensus proposal that finished product
called the conference report would then
go back to each chamber for a final vote
it leaves a huge number of challenges
ahead but it may be the GOP is only
option
Alexandra Jaffe explains Mitch McConnell
is going to give a bunch of Republicans
the chance to offer up their preferred
versions of a health care bill but what
he expects to be able to actually pass
is a plan that's way smaller in scope it
could be as simple as removing some of
the Obamacare provisions that Republican
paint most examples getting rid of the
law's tax on people who choose not to
buy insurance known as the individual
mandate the requirement that employers
provide insurance and the medical device
tax if it does pass that bill which
people are calling the skinny repeals
could go to the conference committee
where members of the House and Senate
would hammer out the rest of the
tells behind closed doors near-term this
is a smart move it takes a lot of the
political pressure off of Republicans by
giving them more time it lets them look
like they've earned a win without
actually getting much but just repealing
those taxes while leaving the rest of
Obamacare in place would result in
massive premium increases according to
the Congressional Budget Office and
skinnier appeals doesn't even touch one
of the biggest points of conflict for
Republicans Medicaid which is how 74
million people in this country access
health care and it leaves us pretty much
back where we started with no Republican
consensus on how to fix health care
overall pretty much everyone knows that
skinnier appeal would be just a first
step
but whether McCain's call for a return
to the way things used to be done with
at least a semblance of bipartisan input
will have any impact is an unresolved
question I talked to one of the Senate's
most conservative members about what he
thinks could happen next
can we chat about the definitive repeal
plan so they're joining us to bring out
into the Olympics to any of the issues
of health care we need to go forward the
final outcome is still unclear we're
going to have robust amendments on the
floor of the Senate if we proceed to the
bill and and I believe we can get to yes
throughout this entire process it's been
rocking but the key to getting to gifts
is focusing on lowering premiums and I
think the key to doing that are really
two amendments that I introduced one the
consumer freedom of them it is critical
to unifying Republicans getting the job
done the consumer freedom Amendment
protects your freedom as you the
consumer to choose what health care you
want without the federal government
mandating what you have to buy that
America doesn't have enough support
though to go forward so are you doing
with counseling so you felt like you
couldn't have it I believe it will be
passed into law so just a repeal of
those taxes that we're talking about
when we talk about the skinny repeal is
not enough for you look if that's an
initial bill that gets to conference
that's a step in the journey what people
care about is the
product and what I'm interested in is
results it's what the American people
expect to us they've given Republicans
majorities in both houses and the White
House we got to deliver as other
migration routes have been all but
sealed off Italy has become the primary
point of entry to Europe in the
Mediterranean and a humanitarian crisis
in Italy in sheer numbers is even worse
than a neighboring Greece this year more
than 93 thousand people have been
rescued by boats in Italian waters an
increase of 17 percent over the same
period last year some 9,000 have landed
so far this month but most people
arriving in Italy are not refugees
fleeing war in the Middle East just 2
percent are from Syria the majority are
considered economic migrants mostly from
West African countries like Nigeria and
Guinea that distinction is important
because the term refugee is legally
defined and comes with legal status but
economic migrants who may face extreme
poverty or violence at home often don't
qualify for asylum Caroline motor NCT
Rani reports from Sicily Italy is one of
the last EU countries still welcoming
migrants with open arms and earlier
today at the port of Paolo a former
fishing trawler operated by a European
NGO but 419 migrants - sure these people
were rescued two days ago off the coast
of Libya they're going to be taken to a
detention center where they'll be held
for 48 hours or up to a month just like
56,000 other of migrants have already
arrived in Sicily this year how easy was
it for you to get work when you focus
really they canceled successfully lives
losses right from the one of no walking
and don't have a job
I'm just managing some tank go to some
walk to survive
basically is in one of the worst
economic downturns is based in years an
Italians are already starting to push
back against the number of migrants the
country is having to absorb into its
already shaky economy we are surveyor of
syphilis capital palermo how concerned
he is about migrant crisis all the
mayor's having financial problems they
do not protest they load that we
merchants are human beings even human
rights Italy shouldn't be dealing with
the problem alone there was a burden
sharing agreement in 2015 to relocate
migrants throughout human birthdays that
has been slowly falling apart earlier
this month the European Commission
threatened Poland Hungary and the Czech
Republic with legal action for refusing
to take in refugees from Italy my
opinion is that we are not to refuse the
magnets we have to refuse to have inside
Europe in the United State to respect
the rights of migrants because European
you know does exist in length of respect
of human rights at a crisis meeting this
month the European Union offered 40
million dollars to Italy to help it deal
with the crisis
Italy's EU ambassador is threatened to
close italy's ports if the EU doesn't
offer more concrete help today in Rome
officials are meeting to discuss the
code of conducts place on NGOs who are
operating the search and rescue zone and
is delivering migrants to ports like
this one what do you know about this
code of conduct I mean if we come across
a robber both of thinking we have a
legal obligation to react to that and
save them and also there is already a
voluntary code of conduct in place since
last year that most of the NGOs have
signed up to and I know that our
organizations organizations we work with
and work alongside are professional and
have done a really good job picking up a
lot of the burden that's been left
behind us that you is pulled back it's
dedicated search and rescue but it's me
and the rest of the EU keep fighting
every what to do with the microfiber
both bills keep coming today over a
thousand migrants arrived in Sicily
alone
since the 1970s at least 45 states have
prosecuted women for using drugs while
pregnant Alabama has one of the
country's strictest laws on the subject
it's been used to prosecute women even
before they had given birth and one
woman in Alabama is on a crusade to keep
drug users from getting pregnant in the
first place everybody knows a drug
addict unfortunately so if you know
anybody who's using drugs that can get
pregnant
will tell them to use birth control
that's what we do Barbara Harris thinks
drug addicts shouldn't have children and
she's using cash incentives to make sure
they don't nothing positive comes to a
drug addict who gives birth to eight
children that are taken away from her
this was a win-win for everybody her
nonprofit project prevention pays
addicts and alcoholics $300 if they get
sterilized or put on long term birth
control well your wife
no less power here you're turning right
I wanted me to go that way over the last
20 years she traveled the country in her
branded RV and paid seven thousand
people to give up their fertility most
of them are women she launched project
prevention after she adopted four babies
in four years
each born to the same drug-addicted
mother you've been doing this work for
nearly 20 years now how are things
changed when I first started the drug of
choice was cracked now it's switched and
now it's meth and heroin and a lot of
prescription drugs but nothing else has
changed drugs are still just as bad
women are still having numerous children
foster care still overloaded hundreds of
thousands kids are still in need of
homes the birth control she offers isn't
condoms and pills
it's IUDs implants and sterilization
those who choose sterilization get a
lump sum after the procedure those who
go for less permanent options are paid
in smaller installments thousands of
women have taken her money in exchange
for permanent sterilization entirely
legally project prevention itself
doesn't sterilize addicts just pays them
Harris leads the procedures to doctors
should get anything up to half them
million dollars in private donations
every year I think if there's anything
that everybody can agree on the left the
right and everybody in the middle it's
not okay to abuse children you think
having a child when you're when you're
drinking and taking drugs is child abuse
yes they say don't even drink caffeine
when you're pregnant so I don't know how
math could be good for a baby the US
Department of Health and Human Services
estimates 4.7 percent of women aged 15
to 44 used drugs while they're pregnant
and more than 32 percent of all children
placed in foster care were removed from
home because of their parents drug or
alcohol use Harris made the nine-hour
trip to mobile when she heard about a
local woman who'd been imprisoned for
taking heroin while pregnant she doesn't
want drug users sent to jail she wants
them on long term or permanent birth
control how is doing what you do without
looking at the social quarters that
create a situation like this how is that
any means honest and a band-aid on a
huge problem but if not a bandaid on the
problem we're dealing with we're solving
the problem we're dealing with we're
preventing women who are strung out on
drugs and alcohol from concealing a
child
Harris targets areas where she thinks
addicts will congregate like cheap
motels liquor stores and methadone
clinics it's not even 11:00 a.m. when
she meets 33 year old Alicia Robinson
and Robinson already seems high she has
seven children and used during all her
pregnancies sometimes you might float
allah jalla jaya pull up on you and he
just might be there one has a fence they
don't like to use condoms there it is
I know I have 17 can you still get
pregnant
so let me talk about getting on birth
control - yeah well then you need to do
it it's doing that we don't do the birth
control but you need to do it go okay
okay because that's going to prevent the
NexStar take right you know one less
worry once this word it doesn't bother
you that by virtue of what you do you're
targeting specific section of the
population now thousand body is now a
disproportionate number of people who
use your services on white how do you
respond to claim that you aren't
socially engineering for somebody to
hear about what we do and think we're
only paying people of color is very
racist because they're assuming that all
drug addicts or people of color and that
is not true is it really informed
consent when they're in a chaotic
situation that's between them and the
doctor he has to decide whether he
thinks they're able to get birth control
nobody has the right to force feed any
child drugs and then deliver a child
that may die or may have lifelong
illnesses nobody has that right this was
us he's gonna flyer or something
and all I remember is the number was one
eight eight eight thirty crack a
memorable number yeah for someone yeah
he's on that idea I can't forget it Tina
Boyd is a project prevention client who
was sterilized eight years ago she's
been clean since 2012 but most of her
life has been spent using drugs
including when she was pregnant with her
son's Joey and Michael do you think that
your drug use has affected the long term
I know it has they protected me in that
way he has a receptor the cognitive
delay he has a lot of understeer a lot
they said that he'll probably have too
little in the rest of his life
which hopefully will be me loving after
Joey was born we took Harris's cash in
exchange for getting an IUD
so then Boyd decided to have another
baby after Michael was born addicted she
went back to project prevention to get
paid for sterilization do you ever have
any second thoughts not even when your
youngest son as you want for little
sister could you have it and I'll give
it back to you I can't I can't be and I
can't I can't can i no I can't just
listening to you it makes it makes me
feel like you you have you don't believe
in yourself I believe in my limitations
god forbid if you guys had brought drugs
with you I can't say that I want nothing
left amount you know and I don't want to
live like that I don't want my children
that don't live like that would you like
the ability to be able to do things
differently oh god yes
are you kidding yes everything
everything everything
barbar Harris's greatest impact is in
perpetuating really destructive and kind
of cruel myths about pregnant women and
their children Lynn Paltrow heads up the
national advocates for pregnant women
she's been a critic of Barbara Harris's
work for over 20 years you're assuming
every woman that's a drug addict is
looking for treatment they're not
Paltrow works with Mary Ball a social
justice advocate former addict and
mother who used drugs when she was
pregnant with both her kids I have two
children who are incredibly healthy were
born healthy they're 26 and 25 and
they're very amazingly successful if you
had met Barbara during the height of
your addiction what would you thought of
that also I would have taken it because
I $300 and you know at all at once you
know that meant for me three nights of
sleeping indoors Paltrow says is the
world the children of addicts are born
into that leaves and so disadvantaged
not the substances they were exposed to
when you talk to the medical researchers
the great news is that none of the
criminalized drugs cause unique
permanent terrible damage 3% of all
women give birth to babies that have
what are called serious birth defects
none of that has anything to do with the
criminalized drugs do you think Barbara
Harris has a quite static view of
addicts and addiction that once you're
an addict you're always an addict yes
and and she's not the only one when
somebody was telling me I couldn't be a
productive mother and that my children
would be born
you know disabled or something I I mean
wow I believe that the biggest threats
to our children have nothing to do with
what any individual woman did or didn't
do it has to do with poverty the lack of
access to health care it has to do with
the stress created by racism do you not
think that addicts might deserve second
chance and that by promoting
sterilization you're denying them a
second
well we don't promote sterilization
that's their choice they got strung out
they decided they wanted $300 to
sterilize themselves and if it's a
decision may regret it was a decision
they made
just like prostituting and ending up
with AIDS because I watched how my
children suffered and had to withdraw
from drugs when they were born so no I
wasn't thinking about the women these
poor women I was thinking my poor
children this is a little very
straightforward to use and it's very
simple Tomatoes
nobody who disagrees with what we're
doing has yet to give me a logical
rational reason why a drug a deterrent
alcoholic should get pregnant and I
always say to them if you believe that
strongly that these women should keep
conceiving children then you should step
up and adopt the next one born but most
of the people who have a problem with
what we're doing they would never
consider adopting one of these children
so if you're not part of the solution
you're part of the problem
a new climate study out today estimates
that significant human carbon emissions
actually began more than a hundred years
before scientists previously thought
that could move the tipping point for
irreversible temperature rise even
closer one of the primary causes of
human driven climate change is
industrial farming but a new form of
agriculture could reverse that trend
underwater groves of carbon eating kelp
you can see way down below the surface
it's about eight feet okay so here's our
kelp you know for a fisherman it's kind
of weird to grow plant but this is the
future so fertilizer yeah fertilizer and
get the :
that's we should be chanting fertilizer
food a few years ago Brent Smith lost
his oyster business to hurricane sandy
the storms
wiped him out so the lifelong fisherman
started looking for a crop that could
withstand a storm and landed on kelp a
type of seaweed that's popular in Asia
but that hasn't caught on in America
today he spends most of his time
evangelizing the crop he says could feed
the planet and heal our oceans what are
the benefits of help farming purposely
we soak up 5 times more carbon than
land-based plants ok we filter nitrogen
out of the water column we function as
an artificial reef
so all these species can come and hide
and thrive we were storm surge
protectors for lost local communities
does that help prevent Oceana fication
are helpful kind of mitigated
yeah so too much carbon in our waters is
creating acidification so we capture
that carbon and essentially sell it as
food you get as much pleasure out of
this or is it more the so figuring out
the business and the environmental side
that exciting you know this is glory yes
this is like a rogue Allah for me I
can't go to the same bars anywhere what
are going to tell my story like I went
out like cut offs and kill you know a
recent World Bank study found that a
network of kelp farms spanning just
under 5% of the USS coastal waters could
remove the carbon equivalent of almost
95 million cars from the ocean each year
to get that going friends started a
nonprofit called Green Wave which helps
entrepreneurs start their
Hill Farm using his own as a model and
according to friend there's money to be
made in a single season a farmer with a
10 acre pot of water can grow 200,000
pounds of kelp that can then be sold for
$1 pounds
even though kelp is good for the
environment people aren't rushing to put
it on their dinner plates and strangely
that's one thing Bren relates to
culturally I haven't ship tonight at the
gas station most nights I'm not a foodie
I'll get there but that cultural piece
of a fisherman is like yeah hunting
killing and eating bad food is still
with me but you do eat this just on a
regular basis er ah no no my my my wife
eats it I mean I'm not a sea vegetable
guy let me get over you likes killing
things yeah yeah I'm on a farm it the
chefs will figure out how to get people
to eat all right so you're fighting
against yourself you're fighting yes
people like you yes absolutely
how do you do that how do you convince
yourself it's on a regular basis well I
mean there is a trajectory right kale
had a trajectory where it started in
sort of you know the the exclusive the
celebrity chef world and then it moved
into a really a middle-class mainstay I
think we're going to make help the new
kale I just don't want to over sell
saying Oh everyone's going to eat this
tomorrow high-end restaurants in New
York however have been serving Brendan
helped for years now and his biggest
client Google offers help to 6000
employees at its New York City cafeteria
a goal of transition to a new economy
isn't just job creation isn't just like
creating call center jobs it's creating
jobs creating a life that you can still
sing songs about but you think people
are still going to pay fine profit
it's going to move much more to like
what the arugula farmers thing which I
have no idea what a thing directed
acapella but never underestimate the
power of self direction of agency if I
sail out here it's okay and no one tells
me what to do I can tell anybody
off and that's official that's vice news
tonight or Tuesday July 25th
you
