Mitch McConnell unveiled new
modifications to the GOP healthcare bill
today in his latest attempt to sway 50
Republican senators to get behind
repealing and replacing Obamacare the
new bill adds 45 billion dollars to help
state deal with the opioid crisis a nod
to previous holdouts Rob Portman of Ohio
and Shelley Moore Capito of West
Virginia it also allows bare-bones plans
to be sold to the Obamacare exchanges a
pet policy of Senator Ted Cruz I think
we're making serious progress towards
coming together and unifying our
conference and getting a bill that can
command the support of at least 50
senators and pass into law this version
of the bill also has a provision giving
members of Congress and their staffs a
wider array of benefits than other
Americans who actually purchased their
own coverage McConnell says the Senate
will vote next week one group that's
been consistently opposed to Obamacare
repeal of any kind is the American
Medical Association the country's
largest organization of doctors Michael
Moynihan went to see some specialists to
find out what's going on with the future
of government health care and and so I'm
like legitimately nervous I think I have
cancer I always think I have cancer you
know it's a major problem with American
healthcare its paper look are you
kidding me ten internal pages Z o H C
dry any glasses I want to check mine
option flatulent let's talk about
Obamacare we will sure yeah
Geron let me just take a look here
a typical insurance on an initial visit
like this which takes me one out pays
about $100 or $95 the cost of that out
for me to just keep the office open and
operating is about $300 so when
insurance is actually paying for it
they're not paying you enough 50 me a
lot less than the visit is worth so
that's why you don't take commercial
check right because I couldn't afford to
do it this is going to be your glasses
are you kidding me you're talking I'm
sorry I do any glasses so far yes a
little bit yeah if I'm self paying with
you how much because it's a really good
question I don't know I think it's three
hundred and fifty dollars but um the
front desk actually knows that better
than I do so I am NOT going to have odd
for you not to know I don't want
anything about my care to be influenced
in any way by what kind of insurance you
have or should have let me looking
straight ahead for me I don't like this
part over yeah I know no one likes and
everyone just met me through it it's not
very honestly in terms of the impact the
ACA specifically has on the practice it
has increased the level of
administration that we need to do in
order to get for the day so we used to
be about 10% administration and 90%
clinical and we're now like 40 percent
administration and 60 percent clinicals
there is the insurance company that's
trying to tout as little as possible
even though the patient is paying them
so there's just a huge layer
administration on top of the actual
medicine so I think that we're spending
a whole lot of money in ministering a
system that actually doesn't work very
well
there's a deep horn in here oh it's all
good I'm sorry if there's any discomfort
but I think it's more fear than
discomfort yeah in the sort of realm of
health care and the mess and the morass
of health care how do you see that
affecting your breath
it affects it every day how so after the
Affordable Care Act people got insurance
that had not had insurance we spend more
per patient than any other
industrialized country and our care
isn't as good
why is American health care such an
outlier in that sense what I see is that
there is a tremendous amount of greed on
the part of the insurance companies why
is that insurance companies managed care
instead of a doctor getting two hundred
and fifty dollars easily they get $12
$40 $60 no mr. Moynahan doctor and most
people think uncomfortable like the
first time they come not really real
Elizabeth snaps it on it's like okay
I'll take it easy you support the APA
but it's made your life more difficult
in a lot of ways I think a lot of us
support it because of the altruistic
aspect of them to provide coverage to as
many people as possible than having them
go to the emergency room for care on
I'll take you for a hernia okay okay
okay okay so little pressure okay don't
don't tighten up don't know but you're
pushing my ball I know I know I know so
you can sit up for me not tell me what
you think if the Republicans Regiment
one so there is no way I felt like I
could pal it you know what it is and
that's really taking away a lot of the
coverage over time
I would not want Obamacare as my
insurance and as a physician I don't
want Obamacare as my insurance nor do I
want even what's in the Congress now I
would max even worse is it in your
vested interest and have a single pair
yes we are a wealthy country and we
should have universal health care I
think I'm leaning towards universal
health care I think it's the obvious
appropriate solution for the country I
think those are disagree with you in
Congress well yes so I was able to put
them into Congress Iseman yeah well you
know it's not a small group thank you
doctor it was lovely meeting you I
appreciate it thank you for taking the
blade to my foot I feel I feel better I
don't know if I do
you
