Fresno California is home to one of the
largest Sikh communities in the u.s.
it's a place where community leaders say
they've fallen victim to post 9/11
prejudices marginalization and even hate
crimes the national stick campaign is
trying to change that in part by
embracing an iconic American pursuit
vice news went on the field on the 4th
of July as six in Fresno hosted a minor
league baseball game in a new effort to
change public opinion one pitch at a
time my name is Monica and I am going to
be drawing the first cake okay just want
to make sure you get it ladies and
gentlemen throwing out our first pitch
representing the Fresno chapter of the
National Sikh campaign
let's welcome neethu seemed okay I
better make sure you get it to that guy
America has a lot of sports but baseball
is probably one of the most interactive
with the community itself the biggest
thing with the community is that they
don't fit in well with the the current
community right now everyone's still
trying to learn how to fit in and I
think baseball is kind of like fitting
in with the rest of the American
community and I think that's why I chose
baseball I've been to a few grizzly
games and I've never seen so many people
my faith here I've never seen so many
bright turban colors people walking
around saying hello to each other it's
great very cooling fluid red fourth of
July had to keep it the America sellers
being a Sikh who is celebrating this in
the midst of all other cultures at a
baseball game today it's great because I
am able to show other people what my
community stands for and show them that
we are an integral part of the community
as well and growing up within the
Central Valley it's the place where
there is diversity but not very much
understanding of other faiths or types
of people study after study had showed
that fat Americans do not know who we
are where we come from what Sikhism
central and that this various campaign
is all about we want to make sure our
fellow Americans at all
who takes our what disturbance and this
is my first time going to a baseball
game we don't really go out and do sort
of public things because we don't know
anywhere you go you get stared at you
people wonder about you so you're
thinking it's better off I stay alone
you know in middle school Osama bin
Laden down at the time he got killed and
say oh yeah they shot your own oh you
know what do you feel about that ye not
not even being Muslim
you know just me being wearing a turban
and him wearing a turban Osama wearing a
turban you know that they find that
relation I think it's the same being
looked down upon apply it the way you
look you know that makes me feel less
American because Americans of all about
diversity distinction and being
different than everyone else not just
being like a part of something just
because you look like them fitting in is
uh it's kind of like the American Dream
you know you know everyone comes here
and everyone wants to be treated the
same you know not based off what the
race is what what they look like you
know what they wear or their sexuality
or anything like that people should know
about these that we've really endured a
lot of things like many other religions
and things but you're all we're really
asking for is accepted a little patience
a little bit of open-mindedness
you
you
