like many jails across the country
California correctional facilities have
been replacing in-person visitation with
video calls cutting inmates off from
their only real contact with their
families tomorrow Governor Jerry Brown
could sign a bill that would end the
practice but inmate advocates aren't
convinced he will he's beat up similar
measures before Antonia Hilton went to
Solano County where some prisoners can
see their loved ones in some camp
Debra could mores two children are often
in and out of jail today she's visiting
her son Darin at clay Bank jail in
Solano County
her son is only a few yards away but
they talked through a screen idealist by
very increasingly Skype like video
visitations are replacing traditional
in-person and glass visits it's
estimated over 600 correctional
facilities in 46 states now use video
visitation you look like you are going
no wait you look good
give my handsome son just like only a
year like you know what I mean it's not
like I'm kind of take away like years
and years of your time it's hard down
it's not easy to things even nobody you
know any twenty a 25 seconds a you love
you
two of Solano counties three jails ended
in person visits in 2014 Sheriff Tom
Ferrara supported the transition to
video
like many sheriffs he believes it saves
officers time reduces conflict in the
jail safer for the officers and it takes
less staff one if you're doing a video
visit you're not going to be able to
introduce contraband into the jail -
you're not moving the inmate so if you
can imagine moving the inmate all the
way from the jail this one's quite a
large facility what do you say to people
or families can feel like the
implementation of this technology has
mostly served the staff and the sheriff
and for us it now has made our lives and
our relationships less personal I don't
if that's a difficult question to answer
because I see it so much on the other
side where I've seen the good that it's
done so if that was really really the
mainstream thought we would give be
getting all kinds of complaints and
grievances in this net and we're not but
it's also clearly about money Solano's
video provider i web visit promises the
sheriff at least 15 percent of their
profits for the attorneys services
families have two options pay nine
dollars for every 30-minute call at home
or drive into the jail and call for free
when you were making that cost-benefit
analysis about this technology a few
years ago how much of the appeal was the
profit from video visitation there are
profits a funny word but we need money
to go back in the in a welfare fund so
we can fund some special programs for
the inmates could you run your services
if you made zero on it all of the
notices and it goes to no I don't think
so I'd have to reduce them so it really
is for the benefit of the inmates Prison
Communications is a 1.3 billion dollar
industry financed by the fees inmate
families pay some corporations charge as
much as $1 per minute for calls studies
show more than one in three families go
into debt trying to stay in touch this
for me is the most glaring case of
market failure I have ever seen in my
years as a ray
mignon Clyburn is a commissioner at the
FCC who's fought to regulate the cost of
prison communications consumers might
say you know the families of inmates
have been paying for phone calls paying
for gas to go visit for years why do I
care if they're now also paying for
video visitation so when you use your
communications devices you've got
competition you can go to a number of
providers but these inmates and their
families that I hate to use this where
they are literally captive more than 70%
of the local facilities that have
instituted this model they no longer
have or allow in-person visits how do
you make the case to people who are
unconnected to incarceration that they
should care about how people who are
connected to it stay in touch you are
paying every month every year to keep
this model that is broken intact you
don't think it affects you but that
child who acts out that might escalate
that person who comes home they might
act out if they don't adjust these
people don't live on Mars they live in
our communities
it's Mother's Day and after a trip to
church with her grandkids Israel and
Isaac the family is back home for a
remote visit this time with Deborah's
daughter Liz who is that another Solano
facility
happy Mother's Day mom baby I love you
too oh wait he's coming hey mom hey baby
hey mom I love you I love you too
it's hectic three people have 30 minutes
to catch up
well I'm doing this campaigning thing
too for president at school hey Dan yeah
hell yeah yeah that's a lot of drama
with that you learn me asking what is
this like for both of you communicating
through this this is hard I don't like
this mm-hmm
I'd rather I lost it the fear face to
face what's it like for you I just wanna
hold very well have mama
you
