tonight Isis is human collateral the
anti-vaxxer outbreak and what minority
report got right about the future this
is not science fiction this is future
reality
the European Court of Human Rights ruled
that Russia's gay propaganda laws which
ban so-called promotion of homosexuality
reinforce prejudice and encourage
homophobia the court ordered Russia to
pay forty eight thousand dollars in
damages to three gay activists who were
arrested after staging protests Russia's
Justice Ministry says it will appeal the
ruling homosexuality was decriminalized
in Russia in 1993 but activists say the
laws are used as a shield for abuse and
violence Israel has started work on new
settlements in the occupied West Bank
for the first time in 20 years
challenging international law the
buildings will house about 40 families
who were forcibly evicted from the omona
settlement in February after Israel's
Supreme Court determined the homes were
built illegally on private Palestinian
land the groundbreaking comes a senior
White House adviser Jared Kushner
travels to the region to work on peace
talks this is an obstacle to their
resume the peace process the Philippine
government has started a new push to
drive isis-linked militants out of meroe
the military hopes to recapture the city
by this weekend worried that militant
reinforcements could arrive after
Ramadan ends nearly 350 people have been
killed 26 of them civilians Minnesota
authorities released the dashcam footage
of officer her anima llanes killing
falando Castillo last year as Casteel
sat in his car his girlfriend streamed
in the aftermath on Facebook live llanes
was acquitted of the shooting last
Friday the video Castile can be heard
calmly telling the officer that he has a
gun about 30 seconds after they started
speaking
eight months into the campaign to retake
Mosul
Araki forces now have Isis surrounded in
the old city but the battle is hardly
over the fighters still have women and
children and the United Nations says
they're using them as human shields but
in the Libyan port city of cert which
was the Islamic states main stronghold
outside of Iraq in Syria a generation of
widows and orphans speak to the
brutality to come said Walker reports
matter catchy modified laptops in
Ioannina heroes an issue for lili-beth
of the garage it Radhika we were to
 adorable cliche to empty her
as they enter Korea had an insane me the
gym she was managing
in our manual shape these women's are
among dozens of so called Isis Brides
held captive by the terror group during
their final days inside sur la macchina
Cunha managers mr. Murphy a SWAT
available as Fanny is invested
Natalia and it's movie cinematographers
type they're under investigation by
Libyan authorities and are being held
inside an Air Force Base on the
outskirts of Misrata Timothy M candless
nostalgic Turkey or Java strip Turkey
they all held from different countries
and tell different stories about how
they ended up some of the women came
they simply followed their husbands to
Libya with no knowledge they would end
up joining Isis but others like 18 year
old Allah Allah Maya appear to have more
deliberate ties to Isis I left Egypt to
live under stricter form of Islam with
her aunt inside and there she was
married to an Isis fighter she said she
tried to leave but Isis shorter -
whatever their reasons for being inside
these women all say that when Isis
started to lose its grip on the city
they were used as collateral to slow
down Libyan forces had feodorovich area
sneakin chemical na hantum - husband Sir
Nigel Hollis moto another pair ahem the
big event
- mojo happy when maybe she should focus
chief commentaries Metaxa Shannon you
have to throw it into any honest which
although it is an important an emotional
artifact I mean what do you tell your
children about their fathers lamajune is
your mother the toughness of a diamond
medallion idea but and referred oh sorry
key others and inherently would haven't
Messiah
um yeah Keens children now live with her
in-laws in Tripoli but some of the
woman's children live in the prison with
them
across town there's a group of children
with no parents at all
all of them fathered by Isis fighters
some as young as six months old
hello shadow mas hello hello Miriam from
Libya hello Miriam
Oh Martin Sudan Libya's Red Crescent
wasn't set up to take charge of these
children but they converted their
headquarters into a makeshift orphanage
after these girls and boys were rescued
from certain what happened to her foot
down what's all that during a Blackie
shift and if he bit here and here and
the feeb latina yeah very much to
charity to here is it painful for you
well judge fair medical staff here say
when these 32 children arrived many of
them suffered from disease will
dehydration broken bones or bones but
it's their mental health that's the
biggest concern slam and your brother
belong scan you remember what happened
how long have you been in this place
missile splash splash and sample Salam
and allow were rescued from the
collapsed house during the operation to
retake sir along with five year-old
Mohammed who lost his arm after it was
crushed in the collapse when Mohammed
arrived he needed 24-hour care and
psychological treatment he wouldn't
speak for weeks and still barely utters
a word but his bond without dual Salam
is clear the boys take care of each
other a new family to replace the ones
they lost would you join them your
father to miss him
- the move commander chuva and when's
the last time that you saw your
repairing
our people here feel about them I mean
these children stigmatized because they
are children of Isis and I wouldn't not
school and Ally I'm out of here
but still when that's gotten here and
you never have been this young hunter
fan necessary on your back woman what
father they were mother fun-filled what
is the future holds for them Olivia
higher than the door to heaven not to
Muhammad annyeong
well I've had to move out of Libya
between the riot and again these
children have no documents so
identification a stateless generation
found it under the Caliphate now
with nowhere to go
Senate Republicans will release their
version of health care reform publicly
sometime in the next two days after
working on it in secret for weeks there
are still major points of conflict
within the GOP over the details there's
no guarantee it'll pass but Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is still
insisting on bringing it to the floor
next week I expect to have a discussion
draft on Thursday and we will go to the
bill obviously once we get a CBO score
McConnell is barreling ahead toward a
vote because he has to where the
Republican is dealing with the messy
politics of Obamacare replacement
there's no way out but through the
president has reportedly criticized his
own party's first attempted health care
reform as mean which doesn't really set
the GOP up for success if Senate
Republicans vote on their version next
week as planned but whether the bill
passes or fails of may not actually
matter to Mitch McConnell to understand
why I spoke with former Senate Majority
Leader Bill Frist of Tennessee he's a
Republican a doctor and a critic of the
House GOP health care bill he pointed
out that Republicans are on a time
crunch they want to do both health care
and tax reforms to a specific
legislative maneuver called
reconciliation which lowers the
threshold for passage to 51 votes that
means they have to finish health care
reforms first you cannot have two of
these 50 vote threshold bills out at the
same time never lose you have to
complete it before you can go to tax
reform and that's the sense of urgency
in a little over a month Congress leaves
for August recess when they get back
they have to pass a bill to fund the
government
then they'll take more time off through
the fall and winter for the holidays and
when 2018 rolls around not much will get
done because they'll all be focused on
reelection and Frist said that because
GOP attempts at reform are so unpopular
the best thing for the whole party might
just be to move on to reforms Americans
like more the strategy is exactly that
is to address health care in the best
way that they they possibly can and then
move to agenda items which we know are
important to the American people that
the American people want that they need
it they can benefit from such as
infrastructure building our bridges and
our roads so that people can live better
lives that's right the party that ran on
repealing and replacing Obamacare for
years that promise to do so quickly and
completely wins Trump is elected could
largely give up on the effort because
it's too hard if the Senate bill doesn't
go anywhere Chris still thinks the GOP
will pass smaller bills to fix or
eliminate parts of Obamacare and the
Secretary of Health and Human Services
will do what he can administratively to
dismantle it but he's convinced that
failure won't affect Republicans in the
long run I think House Republicans will
say we voted for repeal we were not
successful all the way through they'll
blame it on the United States Senate and
they fight for a year and two years over
the health care bill and come up with
nothing and not do the nation's business
in terms of tax reform in terms of
rebuilding your infrastructure the other
things that the American people care
about then they would actually do very
bad in those next elections
Minneapolis is home to the largest
Somali community in America and the area
known as Little Mogadishu has become
ground zero for a major outbreak of
measles the 78 cases reported in
Minnesota so far are more than what the
entire country experienced in all of
2016 the vaccination rate for measles
mumps and rubella or MMR has plummeted
among Somali Americans there over the
last ten years to your right partly
because anti-vaxxers have been targeting
the community with messaging that
falsely links the MMR vaccine to autism
you are wait how told you
yeah you Paul that well you love him
abdul nasir fado has seven kids his
eldest son Abdullah ki was diagnosed
with autism a couple of years after he
had the MMR shot
fado didn't vaccinate any of his other
children after that also tell me about
your son Adlai he's 14 years old and he
is one as a normal kid and then I bet
you're thinking this guy okay you have
to be quite yeah good science says there
is no link between MMR and autism what
would you say to some parents you might
not understand where you're coming from
fine not wanting to vaccinate your other
children you know I only have you know
authority to talk about my son my
suggestion to them do the things
carefully yes all I can say
would you consider vaccinating your
other children with MMR now because
there's this measles outbreak I'm not
willing to do that
because I would be scared for the Elmar
I'd only lose another kid again Somali
kids here are twice as likely as the
rest of the countries to be diagnosed
with autism and 100% of Somali kids with
autism in Minneapolis also have
intellectual disabilities a stack three
times higher than non Somalis and public
health officials still don't know why
that's partly how anti-vaxxer messaging
has been so effective the Somali
community is very tight-knit here so
fear and misconception can spread really
quickly because we're so tight-knit
we're also a very almost caused
community who - Ahmed knows that what
counts as evidence in her community is
up for debate with science coming up
against anecdote she's a Somali American
mom of three who works in the Department
of Family Medicine at the University of
Minnesota he's had all his vaccinations
and he's due when he's two second when
the Somali community sound out the alarm
trying to figure out why their kids were
more likely to develop autism than other
kids the anti-vaccine community listened
the public health community the
scientific community did not one of the
people who's reached out to the Somali
community is Wayne rody a prominent
vaccine skeptic in Minneapolis who's
been speaking out about mandatory
vaccines like the MMR for nearly two
decades the Minnesota Department of
Health and CDC saying there's no
connection
well how many times do we need to see
kids having severe reactions and the
autism in Somali community is not the
moderate or the high-functioning we're
seeing kids that are just severely no
language you take this down to Nick
one of Wayne's twins was diagnosed with
autism when he was a preschooler a
diagnosis that Wayne attributes to
complications with the MMR but he says
he doesn't identify with the label
anti-vaxxer and it wasn't until the last
couple years that they have Messel
department of health decided okay we're
gonna do outreach well here's what's
funny about that outreach is is that
most of the smaller community refuses to
accept him because they felt that the
people that got hired by the Minnesota
Department of Health are just trying to
infiltrate their group isn't that what
the groups like yourself are doing
though infiltrating it or not
infiltrating we're not doing anything
all we're doing is we're answering
questions that the smaller parents are
asking what's my legal rights what would
you say to people who think you're
irresponsible and endangering children
if people want to vaccinate let them
vaccinate I don't have a problem with
that that's their decision but part of
the reason mandatory vaccines are
important is because of herd immunity
basically safety in numbers the more
people that are vaccinated the less
likely it is for an infectious disease
to spread even within a community where
some people can't get an injection like
pregnant women young children or people
who are immunocompromised it's a message
the Department of Health is hoping to
get across with hired Somali consultants
like Ashley ash care I have vaccinated
all my six kids to talk to local health
workers and informal meetings like this
one about how they can better reach out
to the Somali community most of the time
is the mother who brings the kids for
the vaccinations in our community
decision making
are roasted by the father so bringing
next time to the father to join you so
that we can discuss again this may also
open another opportunity for accepting
death the vaccine
the department of health plans to
drastically increase their Somali
outreach hanukkah so I have here -
America but nothing has been as
educational for parents as this measles
outbreak there's been a 16 fold increase
in MMR vaccinations among Somali kids
since the epidemic started
usually when Hollywood thinks of the
future adventures two galaxies far far
away creating worlds that are fun to
look at but more fiction than science
the movie Minority Report released 15
years ago this week was different set in
2050 for in Washington DC the film took
place in a world that directs his Steven
Spielberg wanted audiences to feel was
believable so he and the film's
production designer gathered a team of
America's best futurists to figure out
what the world might look like in 50
years they ended up getting a lot right
we called it I think 2088 to begin with
that it was sort of you know 50 years in
the future in in round terms the most
important thing that Steven said was
this is not science fiction this is
future reality their future was one in
which detectives can see pre visions of
murders to stop them before they happen
it's in a disreputable annoyed set up a
perimeter and tolerant room the movie
needed to be able to show a futuristic
user interface that would let these
super talented cops do this thing find a
needle in a haystack I went back to my
own work at the MIT Media Lab where it
was very hand obsessed and trying to
figure out what hands can do that's
better than a hand grasping a plastic
mouse which is basically everything I
found this the other morning I
completely forgotten that I've written
it and it's my initial thoughts about
how gestural interface language could be
adapted for use in the film and a lot of
the stuff that started here when into
the training manual this is the
dictionary of gestures that the actors
used it really was another language
being developed and how an interface
could work in three-dimensional space so
you need to pull something forward to
spread it apart you know make it small
or make it bigger we now make those
gestures on our phones and we're tracked
as we do it as Minority Report predicted
not by the state so by advertisers
welcome back to the gap
assorted types work out for you bit by
bit we were filling in the blanks and
every time we sort of turn a page and
find another blank then we would go out
to another set of experts and start
asking them for information we went
through the entire script and we looked
for products and services that would be
needed in this future world oh really
diverges in the desert and then we
started talking about what brands would
survive remember 15 years ago Amazon was
just starting to make product
recommendations based on how you chopped
on their site or what you'd bought
before we become more and more assaulted
in the sense that we engage as consumers
and the result is that we become
inundated by our own desires and there
was a big division between people who
thought that was cool and people who
thought their privacy was being invaded
the future is thought the intersection
of Commerce and technology would extend
further reshaping everything including
cars and the places we live in we were
like well where would you park and then
that were turned into why not make it a
piece of furniture in the home if you
own it and it lives in your home why not
use it as furniture and then those kind
of combinations of elements turned into
a very pure piece of design in many ways
I think that is the epitome of a vehicle
for the future we have created a capsule
just for the people inside your car
becomes an office your car becomes an
entertainment center your car becomes
possibly the most important opportunity
you have for family time if companies
like uber and Tesla get their way the
age of driverless and ownerless cars
will soon be here that means that the
kind of world these future is predicted
is closer than ever you can't
I don't think that my daughter will ever
have to drive a car herself I think that
might be a skill that is lost this is
the beauty of what makes mine or report
as a film special is that it projects
this vision of the future that totally
makes sense and feels right it made a
lot of people perk up and it certainly
inspired a lot of people to take some of
those technologies more seriously the
film predicted there would be nowhere to
hide the reality moved much faster and
more subtly than any of them imagined
we're already bathed in data all the
stuff that we're carrying around in our
cell phone tracking our behaviors are
being monitored all the time I think if
anybody doesn't think that they're being
recorded at any given moment then
they're not paying attention we have a
technology saturated world we also ought
to have technology saturated critical
dialogue about whether the stuff is good
about what is and isn't okay to build
but what he is and isn't okay to deploy
this fire
and those sick
the weekend
I was a girl
the music's grungy but then her voice is
so not grungy so I like how they mix mix
well together hime wow that's high huh
that's awesome a DJ producer made this
on 100% I can already tell like the
arrangement how they made this one I
love her voice so I really love her
voice it's kind of like that that uh
don't let me down sound that diet like
her sound I mean no idea was this but
this is definitely something I hear in
the clubs it's good luck the lyrics are
what's needed right now the state Thor
is exactly what I want to hear right now
DJ shadow okay and you it was some cool
as producer on this beat it's got that
DJ shadow vibe yeah this is definitely
my jam I'm feeling this
I could be wrong but it's girls that are
inspired by little Lewbert
Rico nasty Rico nasty I've heard the
name but never heard the songs I like it
though road trip vibes Rocher vibes oh
wow yeah as Calvin Harris this is
definitely the best follow-up for slide
I love Calvin's new productions - that's
vice news tonight for Tuesday June 20th
