I was like damn and I played the last
time before their diet you know what you
know that I always smell the Gunpowder
and I could probably even taste it you
know when I do stuff and big crowds or
in clubs and stuff like that of course
you know what comes to mind is exits and
you know and safety you know it that's
not something I used to think about
before everybody says how can you still
go out at night yawn I'm not going to
show fear so if I'm going to crawl in
the shell and not keep living my life
then and then the terrorists one no
we're not gonna let them win post was a
sanctuary where you could be anything
you wanted to be you could be free
Saturday night at polls was awesome it
was the place to be it was always fun
you know just like go to a house party
everybody walked anybody know your name
as a saying um Cheers
when I got the air that Monsieur was the
same as it always is a bunch of joy you
get to see the people there you know you
know got a shirt look nice you know
I remember going to polls early opening
up early I went dressed up in a red
smiley kool-aid shirt and jeans and
sneakers so it wasn't anything special
that night it was just it was just a
real fun good time all the way up until
two o'clock they were calling last call
we stood to the bar to get a drink
we never got that drink we started
hearing um loud while pops this is like
da da da da my friend Bobby said nah
that's just the music effect I said no
that don't sound right soon as I heard
the gunshots I lowered the volume and
then I fell to the ground the music it's
completely silent and it's dark it's
happening in the other side of the club
there from the restaurant so I said
we're not going out there we're staying
in here
let's hide behind the amplifiers maybe
the bullets won't go through it and I
got stuck in the corner with the whole
crowd of people we both fell to the
floor my back is up already against the
stall door but there's a gap that you
can see Annie so now my back is exposed
so he walked around and he touched I
felt him touching my right rear pocket
the guy who was almost falling off I
grabbed the bag like a paper bag I
wrapped it around his arm and I told him
hold it like that
he was passing out and I felt that this
would be the place that they're gonna
kill us it and I didn't want to die in a
bathroom I didn't which our move I
didn't I just I said just let me let me
think I'm dead you know and at that
point I was expecting my whole back to
be riddled with bullet I was just
waiting thank God he didn't he proceeded
to wash his hands because the sink was
on the other side of the stall he used
the dryer on the wall to dry his hands
uh I heard was just shots and screams
and there was no way to get out because
of so many people though I was hoping
that I'll be that I was you know stay
alive I I called my wife and I told her
I'm gonna die tonight
my best friend I grabbed his hand I'm
like don't let go of my hand
just hold on my hand we're gonna get out
of here we ran out of the bathroom only
to walk it may be twelve death toll from
the women's bathroom to where the door
work but you can only imagine ninety to
a hundred people trying to go through
one little door when I was coming down
the ladder and I opened the door it's
like a horror film
you know like sparks flying off of the
TVs there's no sound but you can still
share things falling now I got my hands
up and I'm walking and I'm stepping on
bodies I'm stepping on sticky blood and
the smell is like I can still taste it
right now just talking about it in KC
this is horrible we all ran down and I
remember looking back and was like where
is my best friend and I remember I got a
snapchat um text from my best friend Amy
yeah it said I was like are you okay and
he said actually no I'm not I've been
shocked when I got up I remember my
friend telling me that it was on news
and that I was he was gone I still go
out I still go and have a good time even
though that happened at a club at a
sanctuary
you're gonna die sometime in your life
but you still can't live on eggshells
when I do parties like weddings or sweet
16s and all of a sudden a kid uses the
balloon plays around and then pops and
I'm just like looking at everybody
nobody's moving I'm just like but then
I'm shocked I still feel like damn it
man you know I'm saying like that kind
of makes me feel uncomfortable but I'm
slowly getting better at it
we're going to still keep dancing and
we're still going to keep living the way
we live happily and not let terrorists
prevent us from enjoying our lives a tea
with sunshine any didn't want anyone to
suffer or anyone to behave it on I
learned a lot women um I'm still
learning
