if it wasn't for my mother being strict
I would never have applied myself to
teach myself how to do any of the things
that I'm doing right now I get in so
much trouble I'd be in my room
when to do so I had to create my own
entertainment which was the music she
was going to Berkeley the Berklee School
of Music up in Boston and after a year
she came home and she said you know
class and school in general is just not
for me what I said to her was I
appreciate your honesty
because you certainly could have gone
back up there and spent more of my money
and wasted so I do appreciate that you
have the maturity to say this is not
what I want I decided to go home regroup
focus on the artistry while I was kind
of hassling me like you got to get
something cracking was happening these
producers reached out and said yo can
you come to LA we want to work with you
and I was just like might as well do it
was her first adventure away from home
like that and she worked on this project
with schoolboy q and Kendrick Lamar
ended up also being on that particular
song is called collard greens and it
just took off I mean I was amazed I'd go
on YouTube and I was like they have a
million views it was unbelievable from
that she ended up ultimately being able
to sign a deal with BMG I know it was
probably the collard greens I'm not
signed I got a percentage on this album
they've got people who specifically look
for that but when I played my music and
what I really do and they write I want
to sign you as an artist what do you
want what do you want and so I told her
what I wanted I didn't want to sign as
an artist I want to sign as a producer
as a songwriter and she agreed to it
it's a monthly check situation I am
required to deliver a certain amount of
production a certain amount of songs
I've written for ty dolla sign Sean Paul
I produce for childish gambino and I've
worked with Knights Wonder Andre Harris
from Dre and Vidal a lot of people got a
long way to go that alone got a long way
a long way to go got along
right now I'm in Atlanta because I'm
working on some new stuff my producer
Rico is based out in here for this
project I'm paying for everything
everything's independent the money comes
back through touring obviously album
sells streaming from Spotify I'm not
paying Rico for his beats he's going to
get his percentage 50% I'll get the
other 50 that's how it works
it's not about just paying each other
it's about coming up with with something
together we get in these zones like man
I don't even want to think about what
I'm making I'm just about to press some
buttons literally it's you know make
whatever happens happens you know just
creating with with no certain goal in my
life that's that's really fun that's how
you enjoy music I want to make whatever
whenever and put it out whenever that's
why staying independent is very
important for both of us what I'm trying
to do is show you how you can flip
nothing into something
I started this based on me having a
passion for this hours of me sitting in
a room singing the same notes over and
over again like psychotic stuff people
wouldn't even understand I would never
stop music because it wasn't making me
money that's not what I'm doing it for
initially but obviously now I have to
but that's not what it's about
