business of life look if you're an
American you're already spending more
money on health care and just about any
other country on earth the average comes
to more than nine thousand dollars per
person per year but ask yourself do you
feel you're getting what you're paying
for or are you just dumping money into a
broken system with more information on
alternative medicine than ever before
maybe you think you don't even need a
doctor but do you all right now we're
going to find out and as always we'll
break down the issues in facts figures
dollars and cents I'm joined by a panel
of brilliant experts trying to answer
the question of what is the business of
health well let's bring up our first 36
2 or 3 that's the number of Americans
who say they're in very good or
excellent health but half of all
Americans also have a chronic illness
you know I don't wanna scare people here
what do we mean by chronic illness
chronic illness is when you have a
diagnosed medical condition I think it's
very important for us to note that good
health doesn't just mean the absence of
disease because you could have a chronic
disease like diabetes or high blood
pressure that's well-managed and you
could be very hoping if I thinking to is
prevention is the most important thing
to keeping healthy and having health
insurance things that you can see a
regular doctor work on other issues that
really keep you healthy Trey do you
think we need to primary care that
something you've created an upright that
allows people it's fine too information
online there's so much out there I say
no I mean you know whenever you see a
doctor once twice a year you change
insurance you change jobs and move from
Brooklyn to LA you know you're changing
everything yeah um so you know in a lot
of ways you really need access to your
data that you can own and share with
doctors and how important is it for
people to be doing some of that research
themselves about what their conditions
are I think it's really important you
know dr. Google is available 24/7 what I
want to ask it one hand he has ever
googled a condition that you think you
might have is anyone willing to talk
about it well I'm not gonna see what I
specifically googled but um I will say
that it kind of scared me because you
kind of find the worst possible thing so
you Google like sore throat and it pull
up like cancer or something is like yeah
get scared I guess you know the Internet
is a nasty little place for scare
mongering
talk to your doctor about the right
sources first 80% of all diagnoses can
be made just based on listening to your
story and that's why having a doctor who
knows you and can say to you look
there's something not quite right the
last time that she had this wasn't
wasn't like this or having that someone
who knows you is really important but
you know in your own body is is critical
to let's cap that conversation and move
on the medical industry is a big
business with big money behind it but is
drug marketing tied to our country's
epidemic of painkiller addiction take a
look at this 300 cents as the increase
in sales of opioid pain relievers
between 1999 and 2010 and you'll see
that during that same period there was a
simultaneous and equal rise in overdose
deaths from those same throat you know I
have a confession to make
when I was a medical student and
resident and practicing doctor I
routinely prescribed painkillers to my
patients all the time if somebody came
in with back pain with dental pain and
and I thought there was nothing
life-threatening but I needed to treat
their pain I would prescribe them and
opioids like percocet or vicodin I mean
this is just how I was taught I actually
didn't realize what I was doing until I
saw a patient overdose from a p-- opioid
that i prescribed to that patient and i
realized oh they did not die I was able
to resuscitate them but this was a
patient who also had gotten addicted and
had switched the heroin all because of
opioids that I had first described them
years ago trial companies mislead
doctors mislead patients there were data
it's been shown that the exceptional
companies actively suppress data into
not presentable picture but doctors are
also to blame too because we should have
asked questions and so I would encourage
every patient if you've given an opioid
painkiller ask do I really need this is
there an alternative what would happen
if I didn't take it and what are the
side effects one of the abuses I see in
Big Pharma is the weird drugs that
they're pushing on Americans are for
like toe fungus their painkillers their
everyday stuff because you can't give
you know a $28,000 drug that treats
cancer to somebody over and over and
over again and make lots and lots of
money on it
what you can do is give them an over
acne drug it also respects research and
developments or something that these
companies aren't looking into sicknesses
are only infecting smaller share of the
population I mean you are you are
hitting one of the greatest like evils
in Big Pharma today which is now
companies aren't spending that much
money on R&D they're actually just
acquiring older drugs from other
companies and really ramping up their
marketing and sales to doctors and
unbending up prices as well right look
at a panel for example that went out 400
percent over the space of a year so it's
the comment you made you in freaked out
if you knew how much this has happened
it's important to know that this
healthcare is a business right you know
it's not a system it's an industry okay
sure but we want people who are getting
rewarded in this system to be rewarded
for real innovation and real real good
business isn't a hundred percent price
wise just greed that's not business is
it if Apple were to do that for the
iPhone maybe lotteries against health
care inviting right well it's it's
interesting because they're still share
holders to report to oh come on and we
have to decide in this country how about
the reality it's a public good or not
you know I think the first step there is
there are pharmaceutical lobbying
industries there are Hospital lobbying
industries there's health insurance
lobbying industries there's no patient
lobbying industry we don't have any
power
we are the third party that I said no
mean by that at all so I don't agree
with the fact that we don't have power
we don't have power if we believe that
we don't have power we good
and the bottom line is that we as
citizens have to speak up and say this
is not appropriate this is not ethical
this is not humane we're the only ones
who can make a difference it's a great
point let's move on to our next topic
Shell's fads millions of Americans fall
prey to diet scams each year and this
can even cross the line into criminal
activity in 2011 the Federal Trade
Commission found 5.1 million Americans
were victims of weight loss food in that
year alone so put that number in
perspective it's way higher than the
number of counterfeit check scams and
pyramid schemes put together minutes why
is it so hard to prosecute this is kind
of hard to prove because there's a lot
of shame involved no one wants to admit
that they've been duped people want to
feel like they found a solution that's
not as expensive as staying healthy gym
membership is expensive eating organic
food it's also expensive this is a
challenge yeah one in three African
Americans involves forfeited lives in a
food desert without access to fresh
fruits and vegetables so how can I tell
them to buy healthy foods when they have
to take two buses and then walk 10
blocks to get that head of lettuce
improbably Khan a food anyway right and
also if I tell them to play outside but
they don't even have recess in many of
our schools or it's unsafe to walk
outside how can I say that you need
physical activity so we have to address
the issues of disparities from the
aspect of what is it that the government
is doing and what is it that the
companies are doing as well in Baltimore
City there are neighborhoods that are
just a few miles apart where the life
expectancy difference is 20 years which
means that some neighborhoods a child
born today could expect to live 85 years
2 miles away that child born in the
exact same area but if too much if did
can expect to live 65 years let me take
another question from the audience right
now who else got a question all right
guys I think did you do your wrist
come on oh I'm a MMA fighter sort of I
need fixing yourself you did this
yourself when you talk people out of
naksan
joints outta place so have you told your
primary care physician no I totally
googled it so yeah I should probably get
one of these and I went to the pharmacy
and why my district Joanne you say
that's great wife it's a prankster is it
fractured it probably miss it slowly
there probably I think I mean I'm
fractured my shoulder before and I took
a shirt an old shirt ripped it up me to
sling work for two weeks it's perfect
right after that fine German I'll take a
lot of bumps and bruises and stuff that
I think a but any worry I digress my
question was how do you guys feel about
the lobbying that the big pharma does
doctors who speak out like you guys
would be actually pushed to the side
someone say oh he's a quack to get them
out of the industry if Big Pharma called
me out I think that it was wonderful um
I used to work for Ralph Nader in 2006
he runs the only consumer watchdog group
for the pharmaceutical industry it's
only about eight to ten people
um which is insane to think that there's
that many people that few people I
really keeping an eye on what's going on
and I've never heard of them so that's
crazy
yeah yep as part of that I wrote about
four positions to the FDA successfully
getting other drugs banned or warnings
placed on the labels well because you
know these things aren't perfect I
really wish we could keep on something
like this unfortunate does it for this
edition of the business of life I'd like
to thank our panelists for joining us
here today Linnet Lena and Jay and all
the people watching homes we'll see you
next time on the business of West
business of life is made possible by
another America at the pre razor
practical knowledge and take control of
your fighters powered by bass see more
that our money habits
you
