ask yourself a question do you
understand the art world well enough to
make a living as an artist alter by fine
art that will be worth something someday
in a multi-way Tracey Emin can sew her
unmade bed for millions of dollars what
does that say about the value of art
well tonight we're going to find out and
as always we'll break down the issues in
facts figures dollars and cents I'm
joined by a panel of brilliant experts
here to answer the question what is the
business of the art market so let's go
to our first statistic last year the US
market for fine art was worth around 27
billion dollars that's its highest level
ever run it is now a good time to be an
artist now is a great time to be an
artist because there's so many different
ways you can make money we're before
it's like you showed your stuff at a
gallery and that was pretty much your
only revenue source but now you can have
a clothing line you can do the tennis
shoes you can make toys didn't see the
US art market has never been stronger
but actually elsewhere so so last year
why is the u.s. doing so well I think
the tickly New York I mean been the
center of the art capital basically
since after the Second World War and it
continues to be a strong place to buy
sell make art I think people come from
all over the world to New York to buy in
auctions to buy in art galleries so that
numbers not just American people
probably buying and selling art it's
it's a real global figure if the young
Aussie showed up how difficult would it
be for them to get all work exhibited
said plenty of opportunity for
exceptional artists the youngest artist
that I worked with was born 1989 her
name is Amalia Ullman and she happened
to have an Instagram project at the time
which was an art work and it made her
project instantly accessible to me the
people walking in off the street or just
as important but now I can
instantaneously sell something if I post
it on Instagram and if it happens to
resonate with people looking at my feet
at that time what people don't know
about art is it's actually an impulse
item that's why we will have an opening
when we have wine and a lot of people
didn't they didn't know they were going
to buy a pain
they walk out with a painting okay let's
take a look at this mixer twenty six
dollars and four cents now that's the
average income for fine artists
including painters sculptors and
illustrators but computer systems unless
and double that and for dentists hourly
earnings are triple what artists like
one would you advise the young artists
to go back to dental school I think that
you know you can't you go to dental
school your dentist and it could build
up a bigger practice and bring in more
dentists but it still has a ceiling but
it being artists actually has no ceiling
you can just keep getting bigger and
bigger and bigger you think it's just a
question of kind of working hard enough
for it and it's how much do you want to
sell out you don't actually successful
you didn't set out right unlike somebody
who won the lottery five times okay but
my thought is just assume they're not
going to make money right you don't in
the beginning but you do you make more
money in the end I mean I think if you
want to be an artist you really have to
go into an ex with an expectation this
is an extremely risky profession you
will likely have a very low standard of
living and not make a lot of money
what's changed over the last ten years
is that it's way more possible to make a
living as an artist especially right out
of school
but the fact that the fundamental
failure in like university and college
curriculums is that they teach you how
to make a sculpture or a painting but
there's zero curriculum about how to
actually take your work because they're
don't know how to do that well let's go
to our next assisting because it kind of
underlines just how challenging it is
for a young artist to achieve financial
stability just over $15,000 that's the
median income for fine arts graduates
once they leave school not that much
money for those earnings can grow by
more than a hundred percent over the
next five years James did off-going
Portland's young artist yeah
unfortunately it's the fastest way to
get on a career track you know going to
a prestigious MFA program connects you
with the community of peers your peer
group that will help you as you move
along
it connects you to mentors and it also
is a recruiting center for art galleries
I think the art world is very much about
relationships they don't even have
signed contracts oftentimes when people
buy or sell art it's all done on a
handshake I mean you can kind of earn
your in by kind of being around and
being stable and studying working in the
art world there are different art
communities around particularly the u.s.
in different cities whether it's Boston
or Philadelphia and they have nice where
the galleries try to cluster the opening
so you can go and try to talk to people
try to meet people let's go to the next
step 44 percent of young people aged 18
to 24 discover art online through social
media and 34 percent of young people
aged 25 to 34 do the same Linsey how is
social media change the art market I
mean I think it's important and people
really do use it and it's a great
resource because it's free and it's
accessible and I think you can really
get the word out about quite a lot but
at the end of the day you know what I
really think is important is still a
studio visit with an artist talking to
them for an hour listening to them talk
about their work looking at work hanging
on the wall Ron how important is social
media because your own you reach a lot
of people and you can do stuff you know
you can put up stuff very spontaneously
and let people know what's going on so I
found it really fun okay so we'll go to
this next step because it shows that
fine art maybe you should come with a
warning sign that says let the buyer
beware six billion dollars that's the
annual value of the art crime industry
according to a founder of the FBI's Art
Crime Team Lindsay when we talk about
crime what do we mean
oh there's multitude of ways I guess
people can commit our crime if they want
but because a little bit of the art
world you know there's always this
Emperor's New Clothes saying people are
afraid to look ignorant people are
afraid to ask questions
James have you had any experience with
food or forgery my friend actually ended
up borrowing two Basquiat works for this
show he made a forgery but it came with
a real stamp and real certificate of
authenticity so he was able to sell it
and when he went to jail he started
sending even to jail without bail for
three years
he generated so much publicity and he
just he loved it it was the most
productive time for him he was like
James I want to stay here because this
is like
residency you know can I be cynical here
a lot of people are pulling faces as
they're telling this story like he
didn't do this as a piece of artwork he
just got cool no he did four years makes
fake works of Tom Saks the famous artist
and Donald bachelor and our need money
assistant and he but he would show them
as art works and it was always kind of
playful and they got a wiggle do that
until you're going to signature it's not
illegal to do this it's not illegal to
make a copy immoral even if it's
illegally over the decades appropriation
artists have become very well
established and recognized it's like
anything goes now II wasn't yeah you've
made something I'm the one having a show
and it was in a bit of a sketchy gallery
and I went to I was kind of rends with
cheese so I said Keith Haring us I said
can you make can I have a piece of the
show and he gave me a piece of the show
I thought you know what something says
steal this if I made a fake one and then
sure enough son stole it so then now
that now there's a fake person that's
out there oh Jesus someone made a fool
tree during work um you know people do
and he doesn't for the a you should be
flattered yeah let's see if we have any
other questions from the audience the
guys and I can pick this one over here
maybe I love art I love buying art from
you know support my friends but asking
prices are kind of crazy honor no how do
you know it's there a great question um
I usually tell young artists don't bite
buy art from your contemporaries because
it's in a price range and you're going
to help them you're not going to help me
by anything but you're going to really
help them ultimately a lot of the way a
lot of people price is is what do they
think that what do I think I can get for
it if you've got more questions about
the whole market now's the time to ask
so do we have any questions here yeah
when I want to buy a piece from a
gallery how does the profit get split
like how much those artists get to keep
how much as the guy like it's acute it's
50/50 is that just your kind of real -
gallery that's standard okay yeah you
ever have the artist sign contracts or
no it's a really kind of like
unregulated field in that way artists
don't feel comfortable with contracts
oftentimes because it makes them feel
like they're too restricted
given the lack of regulations things do
function and I think they generally
function pretty well I think people have
good intentions but it does create an
opportunity people have bad intentions
or do eccentric art projects that they
can get these things practices yeah you
can't have that happen let's see if we
can take a question from the audience
right now who has a question I'm
listening to you guys what you said
about young people breaking into the
market it seems easier said than done
and I just want to know like exactly how
can you do that you can have a lot of
theories and it turns out they don't
work but I've had young assistants over
the years and then I've helped them
establish our careers and so my last
assistant did not like street art he was
a fine art painter and I said you have
to do street art he adapted he learned
how to put stuff on the streets he got
famous now he just travels all over the
world that cheese murals has great shows
he has a great career but he put his
stuff in front of people oh we have a
good result for this edition of the
business of life I'd like to thank all
of our panelists for joining us today
James Lindsay and Ron and all of you for
watching home we'll see you next time on
the business of life
business of life is made possible by
better money habits it's a free resource
that helps people's practical knowledge
and take control of your finances
powered by Bank of America see more that
our money habits calm
you
