yes doesn't pretty sure not would you
see input mm Carter could move their
daughter so I put it
Anton Kolev in film is what the Russians
call a stalker he roams the hidden nooks
of the countryside looking for lost
relics of war but earlier this year
while he was exploring old machine-gun
bunkers he found something more than
he'd expected Oh Mia lasagna Casa de
Janeiro smooches an empanada human come
to hotel Rachel David Becker was very
much a case machine dude
vamos to fund awesome close to smashing
the bunkers are relics of a Stalin era
campaign to protect Russia's Northwest
from invasion they line the forests
around the Finnish border so the idea
here this is that I don't want to get
any particles to touch my skin right
that's why we do this all right
some awesome because a scan will find
you but in the 1950s the bunkers were
updated with what was then a modern
marvel luminescent radiance which glowed
in the dark
and was loaded with radiation so the
Somoza to escape old uncle
luxury business uh Korean students today
the bunkers didn't oculus Li in people's
backyards children play in their
concrete frames and scavengers break
them down for metal parts after his
discovery this February
Anton called Viktor teresh get an
environmental journalist who published
his findings in a local paper they're
returning to one of their earliest time
to see if the government has done
anything to secure the site Oakland not
repeal repeal del Rey you was a
guerrilla automotive the small trees of
Calcutta geona this issue ocean with the
Swami I adore mr. Lattimore using in
Buddhist this their link are doing the
formal Anton and Victor have all but
made it a personal mission to find the
radioactive bunkers and warn people who
live nearby the government they say
seems to pay little attention we'll
discuss it - Sanjay the magician will
sleep in food was it this is no isolated
incident decades after the Cold War
residue of Russia's unbridled
experimentation with nuclear materials
remains scattered across the country
still posing a threat to locals
Neal's Burma monitors radioactive waste
in Russia to the environmental nonprofit
Bellona problems with reductive
contamination Android activity in Russia
is quite widespread you find it all over
Russia in local areas the whole started
with the nuclear weapons race between US
and Soviet in the end of the 40s
especially in Soviet Union there was a
very huge industry build up a lot of
secrecy surrounding the development of
nuclear weapons in Russia now the people
that have been living this contaminated
area or have been evacuated
have received very little information
about the health consequence
in the Ural Mountains village of Muslim
ovo residents have been struggling for
decades with the consequences of a
radioactive spill in 1957 the reactor at
a nearby nuclear plant exploded
triggering the largest radioactive plume
in history today
it's magnitude would be third only to
Chernobyl and Fukushima you've never
heard of it because until the 1970s it
was a military secret how many people in
the town do you think have had some
symptoms from radioactivity watch in
Malaga watch it m√°laga costa mesa and I
used to chew Oh somebody it's mono year
then araga Cena is a local environmental
activist she and other experts say
radioactive waste continued to be dumped
into the village River for decades after
the incident in 2006 Russian officials
moved the entire village to a new site
less than a mile away now versus proud
we need every strata are a Yahtzee the
Piranha moralia chuni religious
knowledge do mr. Patton Falcao's and
straighter each Quran Sheikh is Molly
Missoula Paul it's Carla Martha
Ystad burrows yeah premier napa Cheetara
chef Daniel immature excessive palatable
if you Panasonic to the opponent cut me
on your coupon rate Chicago your money
devil and he listened to the news malli
don't do canal so was i stupid
mr. Gibson minify's abortion grew up in
the original Muslim oboe her husband
Paco moved here 25 years ago he since
developed massively swollen lymph nodes
like much of the situation in Muslim ovo
buckles exact diagnosis remained steeped
in mystery
outside medical experts say it can be
hard to definitively trace any one
condition to radiation do you have any
doubt that your symptoms are related to
radioactivity mm-hmm sherry Rosalie and
Tony Award Show in a glass Narula
activate also that not kidding
the uncertainty has left the family in
limbo Baco says the government promised
him free medical care it can get to a
major hospital it's also offered a
little money if the family wants to move
they say they still can't afford it less
contagious cooler cookies but do you
wish that she and her family would leave
town they seem you used to worry I
didn't yes I mean I just believed home
and ever could
you
