I had to put my boots on
before my corset and of course my pants
let's if my hoop skirt were to fly off
in a wind or perhaps in some very
vigorous dancing the gentleman should
still never see my ankles this is very
light and it's very flexible this can
take a bit of time to get everything
adjusted Laura Keyes is a librarian in
Freeport Illinois she's been performing
as Mary Todd Lincoln for more than a
decade she enjoys it so much this year
she organized the 24th annual conference
of the Association of Lincoln presenters
he says Mary Lincoln who was briefly
institutionalized after her husband was
shot is just misunderstood what I know
about her is she she went crazy after
her husband died she wasn't the best
first lady what is misunderstood about
her almost everything if you were
sitting next to their your spouse while
he was shot to death in the head I think
that you would go a little bit insane
too wouldn't you
what made you decide to do this it's
it's a very unusual hobby actually it
all comes back to the community theater
here in town Winneshiek players the
whole cast was interviewed by the two
local papers and as soon as that was
published I had three phone calls from
three different libraries saying will
you come and give a talk about mrs.
Lincoln and wear the dress and just and
just be her and can you do that and the
phone calls haven't stopped
the conference is like cosplay for
history buffs Charles Pliner and Tom
Wright have been dressing up as Abe
Lincoln for years really good I haven't
seen a strawberry that red Oh Richard
Roeper it's chocolate chip two disparate
parts find a bad ice cream looks living
history and it's helping kids remember
that the Lincoln was born and then he
kept working and working and learning
and stuff and ended up being the
president so that helps and they may
remember him better if you're there
living than looking just looking at a
book and reading it it seems like it's
it's more real we want to make sure that
the life and legacy of Lincoln never die
they spend a lot of the conference
touring around historic spots in
Freeport and swapping performance tips
and tricks over meals together and they
can't avoid discussing the controversial
parts of being a blinkin like slavery
you live in interesting times
not everybody involves the 16th
President of the United States what do
you say with history our history
history is painful but you cannot
political correctness business in
history or in the oils did I think
picture people in standing up and
walking out cause if not happy with what
they're saying you want them to have as
strongly actually it may be negative but
argue with history it's painful but
that's one of the main reasons they
dress up as women to examine history
Italy that wouldn't otherwise be
possible I thought my times were the
source to living we've come a long way
but we got much further to go so at this
year's conference
Aven FDR to wartime presidents debate
their legacies and Mary Lincoln played
by keys talks to Jackie Kennedy about
what it was like to have their husbands
assassinated while in office something
was wrong it's a very different feeling
to have to give a presentation like this
to the forks roaring her peers how much
work went into this how long did this
take you how many hours of practice ten
months yeah ten months of researching
and it took us quite a while to figure
out what the angle was and it has to be
someone you love and are willing to live
with for a long time
you
