thus as of today the United States will
cease all implementation of the
non-binding Paris Accord and the
draconian financial and economic burdens
the agreement imposes on our country and
with that Donald Trump pulled the United
States out of the most comprehensive
climate deal in the history of the
planet and the best hope of limiting
continued global warming Trump spent
most of the 28 minute rose-garden speech
talking about economics the Paris
climate Accord is simply the latest
example of Washington entering into an
agreement that disadvantages the United
States to the exclusive benefit of other
countries leaving American workers who I
love and taxpayers to absorb the cost
but when he did talk about the Paris
agreement
he was almost entirely wrong even if the
Paris agreement were implemented in full
with total compliance from all nations
it is estimated it would only produce a
two-tenths of one degree think of that
this much actually the Paris climate
agreement wasn't going to reduce global
temperatures at all the goal was always
to cap the rise in global warming at two
degrees Celsius and even that goal meant
coming to terms with the future in which
title areas disappear climate refugees
are a daily part of life in food and
water scarcity could lead to greater
violence between people in countries
Paris was hardly optimistic India will
be allowed to double's coal production
by 2020 think of it India can double
their coal production we're supposed to
get rid of ours actually India has
canceled plans to build nearly 14
gigawatts of coal-fired power stations
claims of China getting a better deal
are just as baseless but that's not even
the point part of the reason 194 other
parties sign on to the Paris agreement
is that it doesn't actually require any
of them to do anything
you've got to pick their own path to
reaching their commitments so the United
States wanted to for example double coal
output and quadruple solar it could do
that it would break a pledge but there
are no consequences for breaking it the
entire agreement is a giant global
pinkie promise in which everybody tries
to do the right thing for the planet as
The Wall Street Journal wrote this
morning the reality is that withdrawing
is in America's economic interest and
won't matter much to the climate the
numbers are pretty simple if the US
doesn't drastically reduce its current
carbon output it will be responsible for
an additional point 3 degrees Celsius of
global warming by 2100 and it's not like
other countries could simply pull more
weight according to a study in Nature
climate change any delay from the United
States makes the overall target of
limiting warming to two degrees
unreachable you can say it was a job
speech you can say it was a brilliant
tactical speech that will allow Trump to
renegotiate four terms that benefit
Americans and some Trump supporters will
say that what you can't say is that
Trump speech was fluent in the facts of
the very agreement he's pulling out of
