earlier this month a 42 year old named
Philip clay was found dead in Seoul
South Korea from the parent suicide clay
was one of an unknown number of Korean
adoptees who were brought to the United
States as children and then deported
back to South Korea as adults over the
course of four months jay caspian kang
called the story of one of them a Korean
adoptee named Adam crapster in 1955 a
farmer in Oregon named Harry Hole
adopted a Korean children who have been
displaced by the Korean War is adopting
eight tiny Koreans and taking for two
other Americans holding his wife set up
an agency to deliver orphans from Korea
to families in the States since then
over 150,000 Korean children have been
adopted by American families in 1979 the
whole agency brought over a
three-year-old named Shin dong-hyuk and
placed him with a Christian family in
the States as an adult he learned that
because of an oversight during the
adoption process he wasn't a US citizen
and at the age of 41 he found out that
he was going to be deported back to
Korea what have you been doing to
prepare for a life in like what is
essentially a foreign country do I have
a little book say I like a tourist book
kind of I try to learn a little bit of
you know some of the words and this is a
pretty difficult situation to go through
I know I've been separated from my
family I've been separated from the
people I care about and the life that I
know I'm about to go somewhere that's
going to be completely foreign to me
when he first arrived in America song
Chuck's new family changed his name to
Adam but they didn't fill out the h3
document a routine form that grant
citizenship to international adopt these
six years later Adams adopted parents
decided they didn't want him anymore and
called an adoption agency the adoption
agency called Jacky Flemming I was told
by the social worker that he is welfare
was seriously in danger so I dropped
everything and I went with her to pick
him up and he was sitting on the curb
waiting for us to come get him he was 62
pounds very quiet he didn't seem to show
a lot of emotions I could tell that he
was very depressed and this totally
didn't know where he belonged
are there any memories you have of those
first days that you're with him well you
know he wasn't really responding too
much to us at that time and as time grew
on you know we got closer to him and at
night he would always admit that first I
had to coax him to come sit in the chair
with me and then later on he would show
up every night to sit in that chair with
me so I took I found myself I called
Children's Services and asked him about
Adam you know we'd like to be on the
list to adopt him and they said well
we've already got a list of families in
line I wasn't allowed to see him anymore
for 32 years
you know we're thinking he was happy
after living with Jackie and her family
for more than a year
Adam was adopted by another family the
crafters who lived in Salem Oregon the
abuse started almost as soon as Adam
moved in he was beat with a 2x4 burned
and thrown in piles of dog pieces
crafters had several adopted kids and
none of them were spared Thomas and
dollar crafter would ultimately be
convicted on charges of physical and
sexual abuse we reached out to the
crafters for comment but did not hear
back do you have anything to say to the
family that adopted you understand that
children grow up to be adults and they
carry around with them everything that
you show them or do to them you affect
them I don't give them the power to know
that they destroyed my life when he was
still a teenager and I didn't broke into
the crafters home to take back the only
possessions he had brought with him from
Korea a pair of rubber shoes in a Korean
language Bible he was caught and
sentenced to two years in prison I guess
at the end of the day it's not really so
much what happens to you but how you
handle what happens to you and for the
majority of my life I've handled
everything wrong you know I've reacted
when I shouldn't know I talk and I
should have been quiet a lot of things
and I'm learning a lot through this
whole process
Adams troubles with the law didn't stop
there
he got into a lot of fights and was
convicted of assault weapons charges and
domestic violence but he eventually
settled down he had a barber shop worked
on cars got married and started a family
by then Adam realized that his
immigration papers had never been filed
and in 2012 he applied for a green card
which triggered a background check by
the Department of Homeland Security by
law Adam was an undocumented immigrant
and a convicted felon
I opened up deportation proceedings in
2015 I always considered myself American
I just never could get my foot in the
door kind of and be this American I
wanted to be you know adoption is a hard
thing to deal with your whole life
usually and a lot of people carry around
a lot of hard feelings a lot of people
like me don't know what it's like to
grow up in stability or they have a
family you know
unfortunately in cases like Adams where
the the immigrant has certain criminal
convictions essentially what it means is
that there's mandatory deportation
the judge has zero discretion that's the
system that Congress created and our
fear is really that under the new
administration things are just going to
get worse
why was the action taken when it was and
not at any of the other times when he
was arrested so in the last 15 years has
essentially been a huge uptick in
immigration enforcement where we've seen
immigration officials get more and more
aggressive about going after people and
particularly people like Adam who have
old criminal convictions I'd be lying if
I said I'm not terrified but I was mixed
with a little bit of excitement it's
mixed with a little bit of finality you
know for me
three weeks after Adams deportation I
met him in Seoul by law when Adam
returned to Korea his name reverted back
to the one on his birth certificate he
is now shinsung Kalkadoon Adam lives in
a tiny studio apartment you got a
haircut earnest yeah I cut it when I
went when I got here I got the Korean
little boy haircut that everybody has
over here with the with the bangs the
lady didn't speak in English and I was
trying to explain to her she didn't have
any of the equipment I'm used to in
America so basically the haircut I left
here with and what I came back with well
I got lost here one day I was about four
blocks from here because I got it
dropped off a cab and they asked me oh
is this where you live and I look up and
it looks it looked like it so I said
yeah and so I got out and was walking I
was like this is not the way and I got
lost it's like I just felt any captain
mean I stayed in here all day yesterday
I didn't go anyway all right I don't
want to get lost
I'd be screwed if I didn't have any help
right now and I mean I think about
killing myself every single day don't
care and it's like that's like a I'm not
really that guy but being here is like
it's a reality that's really hard to
deal with I spent 38 years of my life in
the States and I killed myself for 20 of
those years just to be able to make a
stable life for myself and have a family
and now I'm here living out of a couple
suitcases
you know there's things here that I
guess that I'm seeing right now that are
kind of comforting in a way I'm just
another face in the crowd you know I
mean they're not looking at me like oh
you're from America they don't know that
right away Adam needs to start making a
living he's hoping that he can open a
barber shop just like he did in the
States today he's going to scout out
locations in Itaewon the expat
neighborhood in Seoul that houses an
American army base so man I just came by
to just check out your shop
I just got deported from America back
here I was adopted to the state's
thirty-eight years ago
and so I'm finding an area where maybe I
might open up a shop I'm Mike tonight
the braid and I had a black barbershop
in America yeah somebody told me buddy
just came by to check it out she would
uh you guys had going on all right man
thank you
once someone supported from the United
States is extremely difficult to come
back there are a few things that can be
done for example they could try to get a
pardon either from the governor of the
state where they were convicted or from
the president unfortunately right now a
pardon is really a Hail Mary pass Adams
wife went to visit him and sold three
months after he was deported he's hoping
that she and the kids will join him in
Korea soon but no plans have been made
and he's still exploring legal options
to come back home I don't know if one
day you know I'll get a call and you'll
say oh you can go back to United States
how I'll feel about that my hope is that
somehow we'll all kind of find our place
hi baby
you feeling better I love you before he
was deported
Adam submitted a statement to an
immigration judge maybe he wrote America
promised me a home when I was sent to
America the possibility of being Korean
was left behind the language the culture
whatever family I might have had but my
children do have a whole family and
their whole lifetimes in front of them I
just want to do right by them I want to
have a chance to watch them grow up
healthy and happy
I implore this country to keep its
promise if not for me then for my
children so they won't have to grow up
without a dad
you
