Alexander Coogan wants you to know he's
not a bad guy so the way you're gonna
repent for your sins is this kind of
raised awareness of how often people's
data gets going through I think the the
best will get you right now is try to
inform right so you feel obligated to
set the record straight
absolutely I mean we've got arguably the
biggest data scandal have had them a
long time potentially ever here and I
think it's a great opportunity actually
to revisit a major point in the change
of the relationship people have with
companies that hasn't been addressed
don't you think some people might see
you kind of like an oil baron who is now
warning about the dangers of pollution
yeah if only I made the money boil -
that's right well I mean the my role in
this was sadly not one that made me a
bunch of money right I've lost money it
has now been great today Cogan
voluntarily went before the UK
Parliament his message is that he's
sorry for harvesting data but everyone
else was doing it too and he says
Facebook is making him the scapegoat for
their own failure to protect privacy
what do you want them to take away about
you that's a good question I think
what's most useful for them to get that
this is ordinary and then the folks
involved or in particular criminal
masterminds or particularly nefarious
when they're dabit you realize that hey
this is just some guy and it could've
been a bunch of other guys with gals in
Silicon Valley or anywhere else so not a
criminal mastermind just an academic
just academic
somebody who's ultimately positive about
life Kogan's testimony lasted for over
two hours you accept that you both
Facebook's Terms and Conditions I do not
you do not I don't think they have a
developer policy that is valid that's
the difference Hogan hoped he'd come
across as an expert who could help
enlighten Parliament on privacy matters
to the surprise the members didn't quite
see it down but the reality is
Facebook's policy is unlikely to be
their policy what's in black and white
do you accept you broke the term
positions of Facebook irrespective of
how they enforced or whether I just
don't believe that's your policy
I should be professor of semantics how
did I go okay one of the MPs called you
professor of semantics when you said
that you in your view you didn't violate
the Facebook Terms of Service
why didn't you so I think the
frustrating thing about that exchange is
there's a document that you could say is
the policy and there's a reality what is
being practiced he's completing the -
but if Facebook has a developer policy
in terms of services black and white
that you agreed to whether you read it
or not isn't that the reality it's not
so the difficulty is like you could have
a piece of paper let's say is your
policy but your policies also what you
practice right and in Facebook's case
the what they have on a piece of paper
and when they practice or vastly
different tell me about what you've lost
throughout this process you've worked
really hard you know you've had a
doctorate you had a career that you were
really I think proud of and and enjoyed
a lot and now that's kind of all changed
so I mean I lost my career for sure
right like I'll be very difficult for me
to ever be an academic anywhere the
university's a pretty conservative
places and especially in terms of PR I'm
entirely toxic nothing I'll be difficult
for me to be overly involved with tech
for a long time again the toxicity
but yeah that's that's the personal cost
Kogan sounds like he's still struggling
to fully understand his role in the
scandal he seemed not to be sorry for
his actions but for the way he made
people feel do you feel like the
consequences are fair probably not just
because they're based on beliefs that
are inaccurate but like ultimately
understand I mean this experience has
been eye-opening folks are truly upset
angry feel violated I'm very sympathetic
to them so very sorry for the
circumstance I'd like to figure out how
to be helpful don't forward ultimately
my actions have upset many many people
and I have to live with that and bear
that burden
you
