tonight revolt in the Philippines the US
military's new front line and the
body-slammed reporter speaks it's not
about me this is about freedom of the
press
a pentagon investigation acknowledged
that an American airstrike killed a
hundred and five civilians in Mosul but
place much of the blame on Islamic state
fighters for rigging the targeted
building with explosives
the US military claims the March 17th
airstrike was meant to kill two isis
snipers and destroy only the top floor
of the building but critics say the
United States has a record of launching
airstrikes in crowded cities without
taking the necessary precautions
Manchester Police have made what they
call significant arrests in the
investigation into the network behind
Monday's concert bombing investigators
also found quote very important items
while searching several homes
authorities there abruptly stopped
sharing information about the attack
with their US counterparts yesterday
citing leaks to the media but resumed
this afternoon President Trump asked the
Department of Justice to launch a review
into the leaks and assured the UK they
won't continue another federal court has
ruled against president Trump's travel
ban the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals
today affirmed the Maryland judge's
block on the order Chief Judge Roger
Gregory wrote that the ban quote drips
with religious intolerance animus and
discrimination the issue could now head
to the Supreme Court
twenty-two Republican senators including
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell sent
Trump a letter pressing him to pull out
of the Paris climate Accord they say the
agreement would provide legal grounds to
reinstate strict environmental
regulations that Trump has already
overturned like the clean power plan
a california-based company launched a 3d
printed rocket into space from a private
launch pad for the first time rocket
labs hopes to begin sending commercial
satellites into space later this year it
was also the first ever launch for New
Zealand whose government recently
created a Space Agency in hopes of
entering the commercial space race
today the leaders of the 28 countries
that make up the NATO alliance met in
Brussels but the United States usually
the linchpin of these once-a-year
summits was a wild card at the meeting
President Trump repeated his familiar
refrain that NATO members are mooching
off the u.s. twenty-three of the 28
member nations are still not paying what
they should be paying and what they're
supposed to be paying for their defense
Trump campaigned on a platform of
skepticism about American involvement
overseas but since taking office he's
actually expanded America's military
commitments around the world
Trump has almost doubled the u.s.
presence in Syria sending 450 Army
Rangers and Marines to support the force
of 500 Special Operations soldiers
already on the ground he's deployed at
least one Carrier Strike Group to the
waters of the Korean Peninsula and Trump
is considering sending another 5,000
troops to Afghanistan where 8400 are
currently serving a potential personnel
increase of nearly 60 percent
he's also inherited a sprawling web of
covert military operations in Africa
military documents recently obtained by
Vice News describes 1,700 commandos
carrying out 96 missions in 20 different
countries on any given day as of last
October and those numbers are likely to
increase under trump but one of the
largest new fronts is in Europe itself
thousands of troops have massed on the
eastern border with Russia
especially in Romania where US Army
tanks are being repainted from desert
camo to forest green as the military
reorients towards a new but familiar
threat
over the course of the 20th century
Romania was occupied by the Germans then
bombed by the Americans then occupied by
the Russians then liberated through
revolution today Romania has become one
of America's staunchest NATO allies and
it's playing the key role in a new US
mission in Eastern Europe but this
mission is not about NATO it's an
independent American display of force
operation Atlantic resolve is the
largest military buildup in Europe since
the end of the Cold War
87 us battle tanks 144 Bradley fighting
vehicles and 6,500 US soldiers have
rolled into Eastern Europe the last time
this division came to Europe it was
d-day
deterrence is lethality plus presence
the only thing harder out here than
trying to work with partners and trying
to do all this with another military and
integrate other piece of equipment is
doing that by yourself doing that alone
doing that without the coalition doing
that without NATO American troops are
not just in Romania but all across what
the military calls the eastern flank a
term usually reserved for an active
frontline this is not a
counterinsurgency fight this is a heavy
heavy conventional type threat not
something that the US has practiced a
lot of in the past decade and a half or
so and so of course many would draw a
lot of conclusions as to far as well
what are you deterring while on the
ground US troops remain coy about the
our would Russia as the endgame is
obvious officially the deployments
mandate is to promote stability in the
region
three years after Russia's 2014
intervention in Ukraine the increased
presence of US troops has not gone
unnoticed by both Russia which has
voiced concern about a third party
building up its military presence near
their borders and in the local Romanian
community just across the sea from
Crimea where US troops joined residents
for a charity run along their beaches
IHM it is something can even imagine
pistol see Sebastian cappelen prodigy
Russia offers to periodically channel
rocof in Kundu party Jennifer copolymers
Margaret Rowe vanechka some sentences
the Nazi turn into a sort of a
dr. Watson Cooper Cooper farad our
chapatis doc vorna particle a is a
positive effort so she just reversed a
good political propaganda
either way the Romanians are ready at
the MK airbase near the town of
Constanza Romanian fighter pilot Colonel
Daniel Tomcat Musa is training with his
American counterparts I thought that
that would be good
which one Black Hawk Down it's not a
good movie to watch I think it's very
you know refreshing for you the reality
is not like in the games you know
neveress looking on the map we are at
the eastern border of NATO is not
eastern border of Romania this is the
very last point for NATO airspace
have you seen Game of Thrones my
personal feeling is like I'm like just
know you know my sacred duty is you
shall not pass this line you know and we
are ready for that but in an era when
adversaries like Russia have perfected
warfare by other means
propaganda hacking unofficial armies of
little green men large forces of troops
and tanks might come off as
old-fashioned more circus than security
I think for those that would say that
it's probably outdated in a bit
antiquated to to train to that method
it's probably a good thing because I
think the old saying is if you if you
want peace then you must prepare for war
Romania understands that well they've
seen all this before 87 year old captain
Florent Chobani joined the Romanian Air
Force as a pilot in 1952 at the height
of the Soviet occupation of Romania
utility
shouting no
Laura to Allah convinced temper Luna
yeah my guru as apostle so partisan
ooh-hoo-hoo she washes also generally if
Ortega for terrible probation to our
mati will reach a chair pasta was able
to Polonia
reconvene it New Jerusalem convenient
try Buster whether the US presence is
propaganda posturing or practice
operation Atlantic resolve currently has
no end date American troops looks set to
remain in Eastern Europe indefinitely
the Philippine island of Mindanao is
home to about twenty five million people
and today it was engulfed in open battle
isis-linked militants are trying to
seize control of the majority Muslim
city of meroe taking hostages burning
buildings and raising the ISIS flag the
government characterized the resistance
as a few desperate holdouts
but explosions and gunfire could be
heard across the city army tanks moved
to secure parts of town and helicopters
strafe jihadist held areas and evacuated
the wounded Mindanao is notorious for
violent separatism the violence began
when the army raided one of the hideouts
used by the jihadist group abou say yeah
in response about a hundred gunmen
stormed the city the death toll has
risen to at least 20 with many more
injured president rodrigo duterte had
already declared martial law on the
island and it's fighting escalated on
wednesday he hinted at a broader
crackdown
I might declare martial law throughout
the country to protect the people do
tear taste threat raised concern because
of his authoritarian approach to law
enforcement at his direction police and
vigilantes have executed more than 8,000
people accused of participating in the
drug trade in this oath of office which
they promised to God and to the people
that I will protect and defend the
country if I think you to die you will
die if you fight us you will die if
there's an open defiance you will die
and if it means many people dying so be
it
the ongoing violence around merawi has
forced thousands to evacuate and take
shelter in neighboring communities Vice
News spoke with Josefa hero a professor
at Mindanao State University who fled
Meroe city this morning
then the gunfight erupted we had till
you stop we had to shut down the college
we pulled the students - you need to go
home we need to get out of this place as
fast as you can but we just couldn't we
just couldn't it was it was too late for
us to get out there was a school that
was burned down a hospital the
government forces are already on
offensive mode they are already doing
airstrikes heavy artillery and crossfire
they were already more buildings for
already burned in Marathi City
I think martial law being imposed in
Marathi City is the next best thing that
we need right now but I'm scared for the
entire Philippines I'm afraid if this
cannot be contained within a few more
days and then the president prepared a
declaring Martial Law throughout the
entire country that that's something
that I cannot agree with that's
something that I cannot agree with
today voters in Montana went to the
polls to choose a replacement for the
state's solitary House seat which has
been empty since Ryan's Enki was
confirmed as Secretary of the Interior
what was already a quirky campaign
pitting folk-singing Democrat Rob quiz
against Republican Greg John forté took
a turn for the Sinister yesterday when
this happened Guardian reporter Ben
Jacobs confronted John forté about the
GOP health care bill and John forté
attacked him with a now infamous body
slam Evan McMorris Santoro spoke to
Jacobs via Skype from Montana
now viewers should know that we actually
know each other and we kind of like each
other probably good to put that out on
the way in the beginning June 40s
campaign said that you entered this
private office where he was conducting
the interview they were basically you
know like acting like a jerk essentially
they they say aggressive and you
wouldn't stop when they asked you to is
that fair
no that's incorrect I mean their entire
statement was riddled with falsehoods
that it wasn't a private office it was a
open open space that there wasn't you
know a door that I pushed through or
Carl through a window and that it was
just joining and asking a question of
you know I did a vent for a candidate
for office of the candidate for office
this was a public event this was
something that advice that I was
attending in June for T's campaign is
dismissed you as a liberal journalist
now Republicans run against the press
basically all the time these days but
now one is specifically running against
you how does it what does that mean to
you it's not about me this is about
freedom of the process is about the
First Amendment this is about reporters
being able to ask basic policy questions
of kind of it's on important issues of
the day and be able to expect you know
to you know expect to not get violently
assaulted in the course of doing that do
you think
what we saw from Gian Forte his behavior
was in part anything that we can
attribute to the way politics are now
maybe in part to the way that Trump ran
his campaign you know that I've never
never faced physical assault
interviewing Donald Trump covering the
Trump campaign dealing with Trump
campaign persons there's certainly been
some issues around around that campaign
but everyone's responsible for their own
actions we asked you in 48 for an
interview but we got no response the
timing of this thing is really wild
hours before the polls opened Jian
Forte's altercation with Ben Jacobs
changed the entire conversation about
this election newspapers that had
endorsed Dean Forte canceled their
endorsements Democrats launched a
digital ad specifically about the
altercation and reminded voters that
polls close at 8:00 p.m. a lot of people
really want this moment to change this
election but people in Montana like to
vote by mail it's a pretty big State and
a significant number of votes have
already been cast in this election there
are six hundred ninety nine thousand
four hundred ninety eight registered
voters in Montana and by yesterday
afternoon before bodyslam gave more than
two hundred fifty nine thousand of them
had already sent in their ballot so more
than a third of potential voters had
already made up their minds and they
can't change them we even call the
Montana Secretary of State to see if
people work trying to change the routes
they told us the only ones calling were
reporters asking that dumb question
before all this happened the dynamics of
this election favored to win by Jeanne
Forte Democrats will tell you the fact
we're talking about Montana at all it's
a win for them another special election
that's closed because voters are
energized against Trump they say but
close and winning are not the same thing
so assuming G and forte wins
does he get to be a respectable member
of the Republican caucus in Congress
Paul Ryan weighed in today
the choice will be made by the people of
Montana I do not think this is
acceptable behavior but the choice will
be made by the people of Montana and
it's not like members of Congress
haven't been aggressive before while in
Congress so G and forte could fit right
in this week 67 students at Middlebury
College in Vermont were disciplined for
shutting down a campus talk by
conservative author charles murray it's
the latest in a running battle between
liberal student groups and right-wing
provocateurs and it raises a key
question should freedom of speech
protect the protestor or the speaker
here in Wisconsin State House when it
comes to debating free speech there's
nothing legislators love more than the
sound of their own voice I think that's
to do with free speech whatsoever I'm
very disappointed that after I asked you
to see
subject the political cap fighting is in
response to Republican representative
Jesse Kramer's free speech bill which
would radically overhaul how expression
at the state's public universities is
governed every freshman coming in and as
representative all we've brought up
every person that transfers over
potentially should be educated on what
the first amendment is about because a
lot of these coming in college don't
know what it's about
they've been coddled their entire lives
how acute is the problem of free speech
and repression of free speech here in
Wisconsin a lot of that the legislation
that I work on is proactive we haven't
gone to that point Wisconsin that we've
had some of that is not allowed to speak
we don't want to get to that point frame
is billed as a few things
it forces colleges to establish a free
speech board and remain neutral on
public policy controversies colleges can
be fined for shielding students from
speakers they find deeply offensive and
student protesters who interfere with
the speech of others by say drowning out
a speaker from being able to deliver a
speech could be fined and even expelled
violent abusive indecent profane
boisterous obscene unreasonably loud or
other disorderly conduct the interferes
with the free expression of others so
the big key there is that interferes
with the free expression of others that
statement in there means that this is
just an arbitration a list of things
that we just decided to throw in there
how are you going to not only define
what interferes is how would you suggest
that the University Wisconsin system
actually police's interference if you
get accused of interfering materially
and substantially disrupting someone's
free expression of free speech you will
go through the hearing process if you're
found guilty of it you know that's
that's where we're gonna decide what
that ultimately means uw-madison
sociology major Savion Castro took time
out from finals to testify against the
bill this bill limits my First Amendment
right to object to harmful ideas
he's one of over a hundred and seventy
thousand students Cramer's bill would
effect do you feel hurt in this process
it took me five hours to testify today
I'm a black kid at a predominantly white
institution I have to deal with people
saying the n-word at bars every night
you know and I have to with satin you
know we all have to do with our own
diversity and
if someone is having their speaking fees
cover they should be able to withstand
some protests at their events especially
when they say incendiary things if not
just students in Wisconsin facing new
restrictions on how they can protest
California Michigan North Carolina
Louisiana and Virginia have all
introduced similar bills and most of
seeing campus protests make headlines
all of these bills are a replica of one
model proposal from conservative
think-tank the Goldwater Institute
Jonathan butcher is one of the authors
let's take for example the charge
charles murray instan at Middlebury
where students got up and were so loud
and there was so much disturbance and
chanting that that he could not be heard
and then of course what happened
afterwards when the professor that he
was with you know was injured and
injuries and a none violence I think
everyone agrees you know that you can't
come in that defense against something
you know we've already had those laws in
place we also already have a law on the
books it's called the First Amendment
why do we need more laws around free
speech well I think this is an avenue to
protect free speech because it's not
being done in a satisfactory way on
campuses now I think this is just a
bunch of nonsense I think this is a
bunch of Republicans and right-wingers
who want to quell free speech on campus
they are doing exactly what they are
accusing the other side of doing one
Wisconsin now Scott Ross the executive
director of a progressive advocacy group
is fighting to kill the Goldwater bill
the phenomenon exists though right
conservative speakers are being shouted
down drowned out when they're coming to
college campuses
boohoo boohoo boohoo
I mean it's boo boo now right because
you know it's it's against the side or
political spectrum that you find
abhorrent when the government comes in
and says you have to create laws that
expel students for offering their
opinion even if it's loud that's a prior
restraint and that is a violation of the
Constitution in my opinion but what
counts as a violation of free speech
tends to oscillate depending on who's
doing the talking when he shouts and
shouts and shouts and tries to deny to
the majority the right to
and then I think you ought to stop it
what's being said the ringleaders should
have been taken for the scruff of the
neck and thrown out of the University
wants to go and which side feels like
they're being harmed I don't agree that
you when you become students at colleges
have to be coddled and protected from
different points of view liberal
students form the majority of voices on
college campuses so it's no surprise the
students the Goldwater bill is most
likely to protect the Conservatives
isn't this proposal isn't this
legislation really just you trying to
redress the balance a bit to move things
from the left and bring it back a bit
more towards the right we would be
engaged on this regardless of the
speakers or the positions that they were
bringing on campus you know introduced
this legislation we absolutely wing
speakers absolutely would absolutely
because at some point it would change
we'd be enforced and utilized that's why
in there's no way to know what can I
finish give me money interrupt me
comic-con is universal the performances
the displays the cosplayers the live
sexualized vengeance seeking warrior
nymphs
this is Latifah and at any other
comic-con should be just another Lara
Croft knockoff but this comic-con was
the first ever held in Saudi Arabia
one of the most gender segregated
countries in the world so Latifah and
the Bedouins blade is more than just a
veiled heroine with a talking sword this
is not the Arabia that you think you
know the Veil means something different
here Latifah was designed by Fahad bin
faisal else rode a Stanford grad who
helped launch Facebook in Arabic he's
also one of several thousand Saudi
princes growing up in Saudi Arabia my
only experience and reaching out to the
world was comic books and television or
movies so I that way I got to learn
about the diversities with an American
culture if I can do the same with my
content then I hope women from the Arab
world saudi arabian anywhere can learn
more about our community
but also allowed them to get what they
want out of it Prince Fahad runs new
Arab media which aspires to be a blend
of Marvel Comics and the llenan
foundation Latifah is part of the Saudi
girls revolution comic book series it's
a universe that's going to be
predominantly led by female protagonists
and the purpose behind it is reimagining
the world a hundred years from now and
discussing social issues through art and
I think this is something that is needed
within the Arab world because of how
marginalized our women are Prince Fahd
has means most comic book fans don't so
he hired American screenwriter Stan
Berkowitz and Sudanese British editor
Rosanna Ahmed to help achieve his vision
in our comic Latifah is almost like the
man with no name from the Clint Eastwood
Spaghetti Westerns is she
an example of modern Muslim women is she
simply a loner living in a different
world I think it's better that we let
the readers decide exactly who she is
and what she represents growing up I had
Shira Transformers Care Bears who they
were kind of my heroes I guess when I
when I was growing up but they didn't
look like me I feel that what we have
created within a fantasy universe can be
translated into the real world through
inspiration but even inspiration needs
permission in Saudi Arabia and the
government's been slow to give its
blessing it took several months but the
Ministry of Culture and information has
finally given the green light for
Latifah to be sold in stores no word yet
on when it'll hit the shelves there's
enough of us that are tired of what's
going on and we're doing whatever we
have to utilize whatever resources we
have to put a dent in what has been
accepted as the norm I understand that
they must take a whole you know
population of you know millions and
millions of people into consideration to
make sure they move and progress where
progress doesn't cause conflict but
that's why I do what I do we're warming
the seat up for when the government
decides to get there it's already ready
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
May 25th we'll be back on Tuesday
you
