with Asian pop acts dominating charts
around the world a new band called FFT a
crush
hopes to be China's answer to k-pop
there's spiky hair and suggested dance
routine makes them look laconic ideal of
the boyband with one exception they're
girls
dai shi xuxia when we're going for those
Lucia the five members of China's
hottest boy band FSC a crush prefers to
be referred to as may Shao Yin or
handsome youth the a in a crush is for
adonis and with their short hair drop
crotch pants and sneakers they look more
like Bieber clones than fifth harmony
those who can I believe was always a
pleasure
I felt horrible to her a crush is the
brainchild of Wong town high the 34 year
old son gali who formally made internet
movies one seven month old company's
Jiujiang Watty it's funded in part by
the two hundred and fifty five billion
dollar Chinese tech giant's ten cents
long hopes to create China's top star
industrial complex a questions are first
sex but he's turning out to more in
rapid succession
why do you think the world is ready for
see pop now we're electron bush we came
from a hollow sure the economy in there
will be same as well it cracks the
 ground Oh Gandalf ranching town
sentido yes you see I am from a home two
thousand women competed to be among top
group trainees are split into four
levels a b c and d that dictate how
close you are to enlistment new
hairstyles and clothes are signed in
vocal and dance trainers from the pre
establish world of kpop are flown in
intrusive balloon dog helping
well-meaning Gaja learn the whole new
culture paulo woman since i attire for
the receiver may uncle J Tony Jaa
sensing the Jade on the ear in Yongsan
emotional evasion but there's one skill
they haven't imitated daily football
practice the FFP in their name stands
for fantasy football confederation as in
soccer it's unorthodox for a pop group
the China's President Xi Jinping is a
huge fan and there's a collective effort
to attract interest in the sport
we know Barbara Fritchie child injured
she told to the high before resolution
diesel cambian
chronometer real is where we share an
image to Fantana questions with whole
lot sweeter confidence I come home I'll
show the area
- acacia woman a Yugoslavia in yellow
few of the 30 trainees have played
before and the former soccer
professional turned FSC coach has a
highly improbable task
Tamland daughter of 94 had our union
organizer Doreen young quota you go so
soon Anna Union
soccer gender fluidity pop hooks and
choreography seems like a scattershot
play for universal appeal but Wang isn't
taking any chances
the next two group FFP n crust and ssee
crushed stanford nymph and elfin for
their debut a crush travels from top
star school in jinhua to Beijing
it's the first time they're performing
for fans and expectations are high
sizzle another hundred million hi pop G
open ha ha Jericho no woman's identity
introduces I got sister Dahlia to her
segata God Allah God
 whore sure thanks little bit up
to share either works today it seems
long efforts are paying off a crush has
been months before their debut release
this one may have a chevron social
cookie and Kanye go see one we're sure
come on have a little PR on see and
juciano Hamelin hole I'm a mother too
video shows he'll tell me can handle
poverty a glamour asked what would
happen if they don't like the song the
fans are adamant in their devotion when
we're about to do a Western
tests have types of visibility of a
queer seeming pop group that androgyny
isn't new in China we use one AKA chris
lee the makeup free short haired
trailblazer one in american idol type
contests a decade ago singing love songs
to grow and as trending as the unisex
look is talk of sexuality is verboten
begging the question of how much
progress this actually is there's a
deliberately vague quality to their
discussion of fans and those Angelo to
what John is the gentleman all colors
all outboard
so are you guys allowed to date anyone
commissioned in Kenosha prepare America
rely on Bodie eager to mention the ocean
again sue now I want you to purchase a
lollipop
so Tommy Brue logical comeback
and while FFC a crush follows a classic
boyband formula there's the baby
the crooner the leader the rapper and
the real musician don't expect a
rebellious phase each Tencent part
trainee cost long seventeen hundred US
dollars to enlist and they're all
replaceable understudies are rampant
which is why the event seemed more like
a shareholders meeting than a concert
push it off a little bit tight on you
also on it Dennis how about tell me a
joke say that you'll call the dome for
your band is debuting in just a few
short hours how do you feel about that
well look I told her to the clothes you
were doing y'all jumping Paula bigger
than say
despite the fanfare and hoopla Huang
decided at the last minute to pull the
plug on a show a crush was deemed not
ready for a live performance but I got a
sneak preview
