here's a question for you has
gentrification changed your neighborhood
other a bunch of hipsters moving in are
you one of them there are two main
arguments here those that say
gentrification has pushed poor people
out of their neighborhoods and those
that say rich people bring in resources
that benefit everyone who's wait an
esterification really that bad well
tonight we're going to find out and as
always we'll break down the issue using
facts figures dollars and cents I'm
joined by a panel of renowned experts
eager to answer the question what is the
business of gentrification all right
well let's bring up a statistics
ninety-six percent that's the increase
in home values within a quarter mile of
a Starbucks over the past 17 years but
the average increase for other homes was
just 65 cents lots I want to start off
with here we just want to kind of set
the basic terms of this debate what do
you mean when you say gentrification
well the term refers to neighborhoods
and central cities usually you have a
older relatively poor neighborhood that
experiences an influx of higher social
socioeconomic status individuals and
investment Harrisons I did want to mix
anything in life yeah I think he missed
a key ingredient which is the increased
availability of kale on the menu
restaurants in the neighborhood that's
kind of how you know gentrification is
happening John which comes first the
gentrification on the Starbucks what
Starbucks is really smart at figured out
which neighborhoods are going there and
people buy there yeah and you know
someone I've been pushed out of a couple
neighborhoods sort of but I still think
potential occasions of great gain if you
think it's a great thing yeah
even though it keeps pushing me out well
it's like look at the next site because
it kind of illustrates some of the
arguments for the positive benefit 11
points that's the increasing credit
score for residents living in
gentrifying neighborhoods can we explain
how exactly those credit schools go up
it may be due to people getting better
jobs or perhaps if they're homeowners
the value of their homes increases if
you're fortunate enough to own your own
home and you live in a gentrifying
neighborhood that's going to improve
your economic status Jon cities change
what is that stuff is just natural isn't
it the neighborhood's go through these
cycles and you know the housing
deteriorates the artists
and then the neighborhood picks up again
and that's what's great about New York
is it always welcomes new groups of
immigrants in neighborhood I want to
challenge this notion that this is
something that just naturally happened
black people were put in specific
housing situations to be specific about
New York denied home loans denied
opportunities so the idea that this is
some natural evolution though these are
policy decisions that we're seeing play
out Jon do you agree with that analysis
no I mean I agree that there were some
government policies that encourage a
suburb but in general these things
happen organically we can't ignore the
racial history of that too which is I
like my all-white neighborhood I can't
legally discriminate in schools anymore
so I'm going to go to a new district and
have it have it happen to be all white
which is by the law okay but in practice
still segregationist do you think it's
just an organic phenomenon or do you
think policies have create
gentrification if you want to call it
organic or natural they're happening
some changes people are marrying later
people are having fewer and children and
when they do have children that are
likely to be older city living is much
more appealing to that demographic and
that demographic is getting bigger over
time we've talked about the winners of
gentrification and let's talk about who
loses out 75 percent of the
neighborhoods that had high poverty in
1970 was still suffering from high rates
of poverty in 2010 need to enlist
statistic shows you can have
gentrification and poverty in the exact
same place doesn't it city if the whole
point of cities really is to turn poor
people in the middle class people you
know young people go there you know poor
immigrants go there and they learn
skills they make connections they get
jobs and that's what you want to happen
in cities so persons like that's not how
actually work in practice is it
sometimes it does and sometimes it
doesn't you will have a situation where
grandma owned a house yeah right and
then multiple generations lived in that
house somebody comes knocking on the
door I got a great deal for you it's a
slick talking smooth salesperson who
gets that house from Grandma is there a
world where grandma can still own the
house and keep that wealth in that
community so that they are not on the
other side of those numbers but what if
grandma wants
and he was really thinking about how
that she's changing the community by her
decision she's just trying to make the
right economic video right if it's
better for her I'd say you know let
grandma make money Graham I should get
paid like I'm not I'm not hating on
grandma I would never do that I would
never do that
if neighborhood changes natural I don't
want to say everything should always be
static don't change it's bad I disagree
I like change but the speed of it seems
to be accelerating and the pace at which
money moves in the world and the pace at
which these buildings are going up
that's almost a form of violence in my
mind okay I want to say if there are any
other questions from the audience right
here hi my name is David I was just
wondering if I were to move into a
poorer neighborhood even if that's all I
can afford
would that make me a gentrify er Sean
what would she save someone like David
I'll defer to the professor on this I
would want to know a little bit more
about David I don't know education is
income worried what am i yeah so he was
highly educated and that would be so
yeah he's identified helping gentrify
the neighborhood can you feel guilty
David you're not guilty okay not yet I
think it depends on David's attitude do
you see the people who've been there as
a threat to be cleared away or as your
your friends your potential you know
colleagues and members of your community
I think that mindset is part of why we
see this clash and why gentrification
has a dirty word because some people
show up so you're like what's mine is
mine what's yours is mine and they're
not actually joining a community they're
imposing their sense of community on top
of what's already business we're filming
this show in Bushwick Brooklyn and
neighborhoods that is definitely
gentrifying psionics that really strikes
like behind two thousand four hundred
and twenty eight dollars a month that's
the average rent for a two-bedroom
apartment here in
a one-bedroom apartment here will go for
2118 nine dollars a month and a studio
is 1925 Holocaust John Wyer dreads Ohio
housing shortage is it too much demands
it's terrible housing policies in New
York City I mean the key to providing
affordable housing is building housing
and when there's a shortage poor people
suffer the most I think seeing this
chart of increasing cost of living and
knowing a detect of a bigger share of
our income if we were all making more
money these numbers wouldn't feel so
painful but we're not so you kind of put
these prices a lot of people who maybe
they sold a house in the suburb maybe
they have parents who can help chip in
because they have some level of a family
cushion or welcoming out maybe they're
tripling quadrupling up to be able to
live in the same spot so on paper it
looks like a $2,500 partner for two but
inside this four or five people living
there are times I mean you actually
basic in the same neighborhood of
Brooklyn and it's a neighborhood that
has changed a lot we part of the problem
oh yeah oh yeah definitely let me know
the beauty of this topic is that there's
no pure villain of pure heroes like we
all have these shades of gray going on
inside of it well I want to bring up a
Stalin exactly this icivics often
complain that gentrification actually
means white people with money pushing
poor people of color are very more than
9-thousand five points that's the number
of white people living here in Bushwick
and it's a number that tripled between
2000 and 2010 ferritin say this shows is
just a racial element to this right very
few things are all about rings this is
definitely a lot about money this is a
lot about business growth this is a lot
about people using real estate as an
investment vehicle rather than as a home
because you have more capability to do
that there is an overlap between class
and race what's not 100 percent there's
a concern that the neighborhood would
lose its character that will become
overwhelmingly predominately white but I
don't think I think if you talk to
people in these communities they don't
have necessarily have an issue with some
whites moving into the neighborhood so
it's about what happens after they move
in and how do people come in behave
towards them they feel like the people
coming in are trying to take over the
neighborhood
coming into be part of the community so
there are any other questions in the
audience as gentrification completely
spreads out throughout my area I want to
know is this something that's isolated
only throughout the big cities and
around a coastal area or is this
ubiquitous you watch South Park my so
South Park is a small town they have a
lot of negative image and they want to
improve their image in the eyes of the
world so according to their theory they
need to get a whole suit because Whole
Foods means our progressive your crunchy
your future forward all those buzzwords
so they create Soto's sopa south of
downtown South Park and they end up
bringing in all these fancy you know
upscale kind of nightclub vibes and lost
a lawsuit so the sope it's a great
parody but it's a real thing that's
happening it's not just the coast and a
lot of which driving this from way far
away isn't I want to work in New York
City and make it in in the big leagues
it's that I want my money to be safe
somewhere I live in a country where
maybe my financial markets aren't so
secure so I'm going to put my money in
the one thing I know always goes up for
the most part New York City real estate
or city real estate in general does it
for this edition of the business of life
I'd like to thank our panelists for
joining us today buyouts and a launch
and John and and all of you for watching
we'll see you next time on the business
of life
Prison supply to be of toxins on federal
money happy with the free resources of
practical knowledge and take control of
your voice
powered by Basinger be more that our
money have a stock
you
