how do you forecast what's a consumers
going to give you their money for so
that's it's a risk you know you can make
something that can hit you insulin can
fail Kevin Hart Seth Curry
Kevin Durant's Lewis Hamilton these are
all the guys that you know we've had the
blessings to create product for Davidson
started off from real estate and he made
a substantial amount of money in real
estate using his social media platform
basically just appearing as this
high-end real estate agent the only way
to compete is to know what you're doing
but also to look the part if you look at
you make money people want to give you
their money to make you know I went from
polo shirts and baggy pants and square
shoes to tailored suits from A to Z he
drove on the mental amount of traffic
tore towards his Instagram and got an
immense amount of clients from it
before I went to work every day I would
take a photo of my outfit and I would
create outfit grid like my shirt my tie
my shoes I put it together I started to
gather a lot of followers who were now
incident buying when I worked so it got
to a point where I was becoming less
entice of actually going to work with
more excited about hey what am I going
to work so he felt like you know what
what I should just start a fashion brand
at this point
yeah what did so don't like yeah as of
right now we're started we're trying to
make money that's where you're trying to
get to where you feel comfortable enough
that the company is self-sufficient
Davidson being so bold I just feel like
he kind of doesn't understand what you
know what that business aspect until you
kind of like just punch it down his
throat you design as a new brand you're
not gonna get business coming in by
being safe being safely to nowhere be
safe when you have $100 in account you
got zero take as much as you can
I just want you to design what I feel
like the world would buy now would but
they think it's cool because cool
sometimes doesn't you know doesn't drive
sales
I designed for myself I design where I
want to see people in that's how any
creator should design you don't design
for what you see in a market you design
for what you want to see in a market
from his perspective he's like
everything's gonna sound well more like
you know obviously these are the colors
ourselves just because I'm a consumer
and when I walk into the store there's
not too many people checking for a green
originally supposed to be all cobalt
blue sneakers like all cobalt blue bro
like
come on how many guys are buying all
Colo blue sneakers so I was like damn
you know what you're right I know how to
take criticism and be constructive about
they're gonna tell me what they believe
what they think and what they trust that
hey if I won't buy it I'm gonna mug Lee
designer so that's why I respect these
guys were they're always there to just
make sure that I'm doing what's gonna be
the most successful for a company
you
