there are four ways the President Trump
could stop being the president the first
to death and resignation aren't very
likely the second two are becoming
something of a national obsession
impeachment was the framers method for
removing a president and here's how it
works a member introduces an impeachment
resolution or the whole house votes on a
resolution to begin an inquiry if the
party in control is on board the action
begins with the Judiciary Committee
which holds hearings then it goes to the
full house where impeachment requires a
simple majority vote if the house votes
yet
it been appoints members to act as
prosecutors in the trial that will be
held in the Senate if two-thirds of the
Senate votes to convict the president
goes as any one old enough to remember
the Bill Clinton saga knows the road is
long and arduous and gross and going
down it can be politically toxic if the
voters don't support it it also actually
requires evidence of treason or bribery
or high crimes and misdemeanors which is
a fancy way of saying evil beats as
opposed to just being a bad president
and even if you can prove that
impeachment relies on a huge amount of
Republican members from Republican
districts and states to vote against a
Republican president that has anti-trump
ur is beginning to congregate around the
other option that the Constitution
provides the 25th amendment in this
model it's the president's own team that
kicks them out under Section 4 of the
25th amendment if the vice president and
a majority of the heads of the executive
departments think the president is unfit
to discharge his duties they sent a
declaration in writing to Congress and
the vice president actually assumed the
office of Acting President if the
president disputes this also in writing
he gets his job back in which case the
VP in the cabinet have four days to
submit another declaration to Congress
but note this guy can not be President
the VP becomes acting president again
and Congress has 21 days to decide the
issue epstein president for good
requires a two-thirds vote in both the
House and the Senate in other words this
option is even harder to pull off than
the first it requires the president's
own appointees to turn against him and
probably lose their jobs in the process
and then it requires even more votes in
Congress than impeachment does the 25th
amendment process
has never been tried and only two
presidents have ever been impeached and
neither was convicted so Nixon might
have been if he hadn't resigned
neither removal route is technically
impossible but both were required by ins
from Republicans up and down government
and from a clear majority of the public
so it's going to take more than phantom
memos and ill-advised firings to get
there
