it's not that common to be sort of a
fully employed 22 year old cartoonist
rosemary might be the first I've ever
heard of I read comics forever and I
didn't make the connection for a very
long time that if these books physically
existed you know sensibly with someone's
a job to make them there are real people
out there in the world that are doing
this maybe I can too Minneapolis is a
great place for young artists
specifically young cartoonists some of
the biggest names in mainstream
superhero comics are here some of the
biggest names in terms of alternative
auto by okama car here part of the
reason why it is because of the relative
cost of living may be compared to a
place like New York or LA or San
Francisco or something like that it's a
little bit easier to get on here than
maybe some other places my expenses
right now I think I'm here too a lot of
people's are pretty minimal I'm pretty
good about keeping a budget you know you
kind of have to as a freelancer I live
in an affordable city with a lot of
roommates I don't own a car if I can
make a grand a month and I'm good my
bread and butter right now is a graphic
novel that I'm doing with my co2 monkey
the book is called Laura Dean keeps
breaking up with me and it is about this
high school girl Freddie and her
complicated relationship with her
on-again off-again girlfriends or a Dean
it's a book about learning how to take
care of the people in your life that are
good to you and what to do with the
people that maybe aren't so great to you
people do not go into comics for the
money it's more sort of like a slow drip
of several different things sort of
adding up to what can support themselves
I generally at any given time have
between two and six different freelance
projects going while I'm working on
Mardy editorial illustration
work a custom screen prints for comics
for magazines sort of whatever comes my
way I don't think I know a single person
who is my age that does not have
multiple jobs it's very easy to overwork
yourself because you don't have the
option not to especially if you're just
starting out like no one's going to pay
you enough to live so you have to take
on more work than you can physically do
just so you can make enough money to get
yourself through the end of the month
it's a lot of you know physical stress -
if you don't have the right posture if
you don't have like the right setup for
your own body you could very very very
easily break yourself and I remember
hearing that you something was wrong
with your hand yeah yeah I hear ya
I up my hand really badly like I
went saw doctor and she was like if you
don't rest it you're gonna do some
permanent damage so stop for a while I
do have a hard time sometimes I think
saying no to paid gigs even when I am
fully booked like at maximum capacity
don't have the hours in the day for any
other projects partially because you
know I'm responsible for how much money
I'm able to make as a freelancer last
year I only worked full-time half a year
I was sort of doing part-time freelance
in between finishing up my last year of
college I had made about thirty thousand
a year and this year it's probably going
to be at least double that I am
breathtakingly lucky to be in that
earning bracket drawing cartoons and
sort of having been at it for as short
of a period as I've been at it if no one
ever paid me for comics again if no one
ever looked at my comics again I would
still be making them because I can't not
you know
