tonight Trump fires James Comey the
brutal legacy of Boko Haram and
white-hot hate in a small town you felt
a piece of trash the Trump
administration will provide more weapons
to Kurdish YPG fighters in northern
Syria in a push to defeat the Islamic
state that's despite the fact that
Turkey a key US ally in the region says
the YPG is part of the PKK a Kurdish
group widely considered a terrorist
organization were keenly aware of the
security concerns of our coalition
partners in Turkey we want to reassure
the people in the government of Turkey
that the u.s. is committed to preventing
additional security risks and protecting
our NATO ally newly released phone calls
showed that Italian authorities ignored
multiple calls for help from a sinking
boat filled with refugees in 2013 five
hours after the initial call the boat
capsized and dozens of people drowned
protestors clashed with police in Chile
during a student-led march for education
reform thousands of demonstrators called
for forgiveness on student loans owed to
the government the protest is the latest
in a years long movement to demand free
and quality public education emergency
responders at the Hanford nuclear site
in Washington State are trying to figure
out what caused a portion of a storage
tunnel for radioactive waste to suddenly
collapse the government has been
cleaning up radioactive materials at
Hanford since 1989 after plutonium
production ended there in 1980 all
personnel in the immediate area
have been accounted for there are safe
and there's
no evidence of radiological release
at 6:00 p.m. DC time on Tuesday
president Trump announced that he'd
fired FBI director James Comey and
appointed his deputy Andrew McCabe to
serve as interim director
it's an extraordinary step even for an
embattled president only one other time
since the FBI's founding in 1908 as a
president removed the agency's director
from office Washington bureau chief
Shauna Thomas had more a golden rule of
politics is that when a scandal breaks
you try to minimize it you try to stamp
out the fire by firing James Comey Trump
took a slow burn and threw napalm on it
this could backfire in three big ways
there's going to be a huge backlash at
the FBI Comey was extremely popular for
having defended the agency through the
minefield that was the 2016 election in
particular for the way he pushed back
against Trump's tweeted accusation that
Obama had wiretap Trump Tower and after
that couldn't have happened even
theoretically without the FBI's
complicity as that to Trump's previous
questioning of the FBI's intelligence
about Russian meddling and you have an
agency already furious at the president
firing Comey can only make it worse
second Comey may be more dangerous to
Trump outside of the FBI than in it the
most likely scenario is but Comey won't
say much the Russian investigation is
classified and Comey is famous for
sticking to the rules but those loyal to
Comey may have new motivation to open up
and for an administration that hates
weeks and is already plagued by them it
could let loose a torrent finally Comey
firing also takes off inescapable
comparisons to Richard Nixon who
famously fired Watergate special
prosecutor Archibald Cox in 1973 and
what's been known as the Saturday night
massacre cops was then in the middle of
his investigation into Watergate just as
Comey was in the midst of an
investigation into the Trump
administration's ties to Russia to Nixon
aides resigned rather than fire Cox and
the entire episode contributed to the
perception that Nixon was guilty of
something
Senator Bob Casey has already written
that this move is mixed Sounion and
called for a special counsel to be
appointed
now that's something Democrats have been
agitating for and up until now it was
easy to dismiss that call as partisan
politics this has given more credibility
to the need for one
the United Kingdom is now just four
weeks away from its general election and
today Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn
officially launched his campaign
tellingly though he also vowed that he'd
stay on as leader even if his party gets
wiped out by Teresa Mays Tory which is
exactly what polls show is about to
happen labour once a dominant force in
British politics is now in the end
stages of a total collapse that's been
decades in the making
Aditya Chopra Bertie reports this is an
endangered species a safe Labour MP
labour is a party that unites and builds
one of the Tories ever built next
month's even clinically most guaranteed
to be voted back into Parliament but his
colleagues face wipe out South Wales is
Labour like Detroit is Democrat
industrial unionized working-class
around here you didn't used to count the
Labour vote you just weighed it I'm of
course we have verbal Westminster
election it Wales may now go Tory for
the first time in almost a century and
it's mad isn't it Wales actually going
towards tourists it is very worrying and
I think we've got to find our way back
and whatever happens on the 8c June on
the 9th of June would have a serious
conversation about the future of the
party but for the time being that are
just right for every single vote polls
can get it wrong of course but their
predictions are stark not just for the
politicians but for democracy itself
Britain's two power system depends on a
strong opposition a labor collapse
across the UK will create a one-party
state run by two resumes Tories we're
looking at not just an election victory
for the Conservatives you've talking
about a bloodbath Theresa May will be in
charge of rewriting the economic
Constitution of Britain
we break there what does the one-party
state means for British politics
well it means potentially they'll use
brexit as an excuse to make a bonfire of
workers rights of environmental
standards of consumer protection all of
the things that actually makes us a
civilized country so why would the Welsh
vote for any of that to see why go next
door to Bridgend a Labour constituency
almost from day one now so likely to
turn Tory the Tereza may pop by for a
pre victory lap but you know what I see
around the country is a real unity of
purpose of people urging us instead of
as a driver for exit and make a success
of it but one thing that's not going on
is a lot of local conservative
campaigning this election isn't being
won by the Tories it's been lost by
labour our the people have changed a lot
the politicians our local councillors
have changed change their attitudes and
change their ways and actually become
entrenched with the community and to
work with the community and be visible
if they aren't at the moment you know
this thing about labels Tony Blair or
Gordon Brown Ed Miliband many people do
you think that you're recording they do
they represent and every person who you
just mentioned they couldn't be further
from from what I am
nothing it'll present me I don't feel
any kind of kinship for these people
lots of people don't feel much kinship
with Jeremy Corbyn his left-wing
credentials and bumbling manner
sorry Samba shows acutely no specialized
juju so they include many of his own MPs
who tried not once but twice to get rid
of him but the rock goes much wider and
deeper than one man Wales has been
Labour's so long that his people now
blame the party for its economic decline
of which there's plenty of evidence
shops are boarded up factories are
laying off workers or have shut down in
the hills above the mines once employing
tens of thousands on our museum pieces
what's replace those careers is largely
low page temporary jobs or nothing at
all
that means the kind of trade unions and
of an entire political culture just look
at what's happened to this Labour social
club you can tell versions of this story
for the center-left across Britain and
Europe
Thatcher shut the mines and Savage
industrial communities but Blair
basically accepted stature ISM and took
voters for granted in heartlands like
South Wales
so in this election a whole coop of
chickens is coming home to roost in
Westminster the headlines are all about
labour civil war all out here voters of
tuned out politics all together we've
had a number of years with in this area
where things
gradually worse and under labor have
been in charges I want to see something
different leaders I'm caring lay them
lung very much forward here can you see
that argument to be quite answer I would
agree that the people that we've got in
this area to lay only a good kicker
that's the Jackson Lee for us the
complacent KC's complacency but the mood
among senior labor sources I've spoken
to over the past few weeks is somewhere
between grim and panic this election
marks a milestone in the disintegration
of a party that's over 110 years old and
that could reshape which politics and
his society not just for years but
generations Nigerian authorities
identified 282 chibok girls who were
freed by the terrorist group Boko Haram
this Saturday after three years of
captivity but 113 of the 276 girls in
that group remain in Boko Haram's hands
an Amnesty International has estimated
that the total number of women and
children held by the militant is close
to 2000 other aid groups think it could
be even more vice news went to Boko
Haram stronghold of Borno State in
northern Nigeria to speak with mamuno
Salah a 22 year old woman who recently
escaped from the militants after being
held captive for more than five years
anatomical attention tonight
karate mislead me anything in the bully
metal and then I don't know and then
either myeloma is live near me mullet
says she was 17 years old when she was
kidnapped by Boko Haram fighters
she was taken on the streets of
Maiduguri while on her way to see her
brother so tell all the evidence I will
do media where they can evil ways I can
accompany intelligence and I would be
done she was raped and married off to
three different fighters each of whom
died in battle during her captivity she
had three children and finally managed
to escape after five years ko in unison
voila oh boo boo boo I am a success and
it is and I psyched out only when
they're learning it this year but
Magellan and 50 of them there anybody in
his alliance with a very insufficient
one half a diamond Salman of the time my
Munna fled with her three kids and
another woman during her escape her
newborn daughter fell seriously ill
Quanah movie Illuminati I did the
wearing a tie and ginger our deny param
to issue Guana for me vicente vamos a la
vez a day
Jovana casa no one day I want a cheese
amoeba Misha llamo cavenaghi de Mesilla
Cienega calendar Tero Sasana Technica 10
adenine even one adesso Arenado
general was amateur Seneca elementary
eternity
whatever I may muna and her two
surviving children have been living in a
host community on the outskirts of
Maiduguri but because of the stigma
former captives faced their ordeal is
far from over
accompanied ducati engine imam sahib
niños de nada
Ana's I can attend we are on Boko
Haram's
one location abend 80s Aguada yeah Hama
Amadou una escena de semana que no se
nada invention naturalism that email
content
while everyone has been talking about
Obamacare and the American Health Care
Act something else has been happening in
the medical sector hospitals have been
getting a lot bigger and a lot less
competitive since 2007 there have been
almost 800 hospital mergers in the
United States
Martin Gaynor a professor of economics
and health policy at Carnegie Mellon
thinks it's something people should be
paying a little more attention to when
you get a market dominated by one large
firm you don't have to be an economist
to want a rocket scientist to figure out
what's going to happen what is that sir
I'm going to do well of course they're
going to raise their prices there have
been a lot of studies of competition and
Hospital markets the United States and
one thing we know for this is if two
hospital systems are close competitors
merge prices go up by a lot in some
markets prices went up by 20% 40% even
more than 50% the problem is that many
close competitors are merging just last
week HCA one of the largest for-profit
Hospital groups in the country bought
three hospitals in Houston from 10
another big Hospital chain the reason
HCA controls the market in Houston and
tenet does it and it's basically what's
happening all over the country hospital
groups are consolidating power and
markets they controls they have more
leverage when negotiating prices with
insurance companies that led to a
reality in which cities like Boston
Pittsburgh and San Francisco are
dominated by one large Hospital group in
fact more than 90 percent of metro areas
are now what antitrust agencies call
highly concentrated and that something
consumers tapered even if they get
insurance through their employer if
employers cost for health care go up
workers end up paying for that they pay
for these higher health care costs
either in terms of pay increases they
don't get reduced generosity and health
care benefits or paying a bigger share
of the health insurance premium in most
discussions about health care costs the
villains tend to be big insurer's in
drug companies
but hospitals play a major role in
driving up prices they make money by
providing services and it's in their
best interest to charge more for those
services that's why consolidating to
gain leverage over insurers make sense
for hospitals tilta why the trend isn't
going to stop unless the government
steps in to block these deals and that's
something that seems pretty unlikely
under the current administration
well hi there Collier I wanted to let
you know that I find what you did to
Sharri Spencer to be vile and disgusting
you rang bitch up now you filthy
piece of trash or threatening an old
place it was swamp America now
this beautiful little ski town seems
like an unlikely target for an invasion
of white supremacist it's a great town
people that come here are people that
love outdoor activities they are
incredibly Hardy whitefish is a really
healthy pound of mind body and soul but
this town happens to be home to Richard
Spencer who became America's most famous
white nationalist afters neatly
encapsulated fears about the Trump
administration in one simple gesture
hail from hail our people hail victory
when Richard Spencer hood up in front of
the world and did a Nazi salute in
Washington DC it changed everything in
Whitefish activists know this Spencer
had registered his nonprofit at his
mom's property in town
Tanya Girish a realtor had a
conversation with Spencer's mom sherry
Spencer sherry Spencer called me and
sherry said Tanya what do I do
I don't believe in the ideologies of my
son and I said terraces for my son I
would sell the building and I would
donate some money to a human rights
cause and she said you're right Tanya
that's what I should do will you help me
later
sherry said Tanya pressured her to sell
against her will she posted an email
from Tanya in which she has sherry to
make a public statement against her son
and donate proceeds to a charity she'd
worked with that was catnip for Andrew
England who runs a neo-nazi site because
Tanya is Jewish you know no one has ever
even told me a Jewish joke in all my
life do you know I had no idea I was a
minority the final conclusions that I
came to
or they it's necessary to have an
extreme version of conservatism this is
the only way we're going to save Western
civilization and the human race the
white race in particular he posted
Tania's address and phone number
her husband's contact info and her son's
social media account and urged his fans
to troll them which they did England
threatened to hold a skinhead paraded
downtown Whitefish though he couldn't
make it happen
now the Southern Poverty Law Center is
suing England on Tanya's behalf
supporters have already raised over
$100,000 for England's defense and have
called his actions lawful First
Amendment protected criticism Anglin and
Jerry Spencer declined to be interviewed
after repeated requests we were afraid
for our safety the Nazis made me feel
like this was all my fault and I was I
was the dirtiest of the dirtiest ugliest
disgusting human being you could ever
imagine you know what he was trying to
do is to make her life miserable he'd
like her because she was Jewish you know
and so we have filed a lawsuit against
him in just over 24 hours after they're
called
Tanya emailed Sheree a listing agreement
a proposed statement for Sheree to make
denouncing the outright and news that
she might have already found a buyer
Tanya did speak out about this political
issue right so does that open her up to
Andrew England's political speech as
well as it might be you know nothing
that anyone has ever claimed tanya has
done much less what she's actually done
could possibly justify you know the
betrayal that's been launched against
her I some people understand that what
he did to her is mean but how is it
illegal if I had 700 if my friends call
you day and night and you know say the
vilest things if I attacked your
children I think from a common sensical
point of view we know that that's way
beyond you know any kind of free speech
line and that's what he's done it's not
the first time he's done it but we want
to make it the last time
SPLC made its name suing hate groups out
of existence
winning multi-million dollar judgment
against KKK groups who terrorized locals
not only is this SPL sees first case of
digital harassment it is their first
case against the alt-right it argues
England violated Montana's
anti-discrimination Act and seeks
compensatory and punitive damages before
this happened did you know much about
trolls and online harassment you know
you hear about the bullying that goes on
in high school with the Facebook and not
all this kind of stuff I had never seen
a an attack on a community or on attack
on set of businesses in a community like
that
Tanya counted seven hundred harassing
messages then sent her Holocaust means
they called her so much she had to turn
off her phone they filled up her
voicemail they called her husband's law
office so much it had to close for a
while they harass other stores in town
they mailed threats disguised as holiday
cards I want to talk to you about a
medium-size resort I am it's in Montana
don't kill yourself you come in Jewish
type all right
so did she can a lot like that yeah
where they would like trying to trick
you into listening yes when they started
doing that I had to stop answering my
phone completely for the common area so
the crematorium ones hit hit me in a
really different way because they're not
talking just about me they're talking
about history my history yeah they're
reveling and like this global tragedy
right as if it's no big deal as if it's
as if they can throw it around it's one
thing that hates somebody it's another
thing to find out that people really
believe that the Holocaust was a good
thing yeah yes that that still takes my
breath away to tell you the truth
you know in a prior generation Andrew
England wood burned a cross on Tanya's
lawn in today's world has launched a
digital storm what we're trying to do is
bring tried-and-true principles into the
digital age this is very new Internet
terrorism is very new if I didn't say
this is not OK and make it very very
strong stand against it and just pretend
like it didn't happen to me because I
was scared how many other people is
Andrew England going to do this - can
y'all crank my change little dragon
imaginary dragons I know every word so
far I was like is this imagine dragons
or little dragon imagine little dragon
why don't they get together like McFeely
and Sheena Easton that's a good matchup
first never heard of him I'm sorry who
everybody wanted to make music that
sounded like Prince I think which is why
he was always changing and things kind
of got weird and weirder and weirder and
I think that's the thing that I liked is
that it got weirder and harder to
understand because when you constantly
try to push the envelope there's nowhere
else to go but weird and it was
great he's like I tell you what will
freak you guys out Jehovah's Witness
didn't see it coming
everybody knows I've been knocking dope
down like at your home which got it my
witness or what was that about a
Jehovah's Witness
y'all hear that y'all can't even hear
the song can you you know what y'all
can't hear the song I might be listening
to something completely different we
could be it could be Prince wrong you
know the rhymes are good the melodies
good also is names logic so illogical
this is something my little niece would
listen to while she's watching other
people play Minecraft on YouTube it was
this dragon for another dragon pack
about because the next we're starting a
band called another dragons and it's
going to be huge
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday May
9th
