tonight drumming up votes for Obamacare
repeal the end of coal and Navajo
country and the war on fake news in
Ukraine the former South Carolina
policeman who shot an unarmed black man
dead pleaded guilty in federal court to
using excessive force today Israel the
Garner's the bland the rights family
they didn't get this type of justice
that we got today
a bystander film Michael Slager killing
Walter Scott in April 2015 while Scott
was running away from a traffic stop the
video drew national attention in a
separate state trial
Scott pleaded not guilty to murder and
wasn't convicted because the jury
couldn't come to a decision
lawmakers criticized United Airlines CEO
Oscar Munoz who testified before
Congress today about an incident last
month when a passenger was violently
dragged off an overbooked flight they
threatened more regulation of airlines
don't improve customer service seize
this opportunity because if you don't
we're going to come and you're not going
to like it Pyongyang accused the u.s. of
stoking tensions after two of its bomber
planes flew training drills with South
Korea and Japan
boom boom or bang gamma Kappa Natsume
unbundle Tom Tyler hoechlin things of
the world focused on Moriguchi far right
candidate marine lepen is fighting
plagiarism accusations five days before
the second round of france's
presidential election parts of the
speech he gave on Monday were identical
to one made last month by former Senate
candidate Francois Fiona Lipan has been
trying to win over his supporters pass
admitted on a few DVDs SEO Pepe Le Pew
little slow novice at Mediterranean
Palais de c.v determine Pamela Poovey Le
Pew his release to our DNA youngest
raposo says emos ozone kale among
Hispanic a lot on appeal Annette ago
younger suppose
dossetti Moses uncle non-hispanic a
Lhasa
how's healthcare coming 12-thousand
telling alright we'll move it along
Republicans in Washington spent Tuesday
feverishly trying to round up the votes
to pass their new Obamacare replacement
bill very very close and I think that
this is going to be so much better than
Obamacare they haven't found them yet
because in fixing the last versions
problems like this version created new
ones
Shana Thomas has more speaker Ryan can
only afford to lose 22 votes on his
Obamacare replacement bill and right now
there are 21 Republicans who say they
aren't going to support it those
Republicans come from all across the
country but one thing that they have in
common their states expanded Medicaid
just to remind you Obamacare encouraged
States to expand Medicaid so it covered
more people this bill over time puts the
brakes on that expansion so Medicaid is
one of many reasons why congressman mark
meadows said that conservatives are
thinking hard about what a yes vote
means to their district
another thing conservatives are thinking
about it's something that many of them
have wanted for a long time a full
repeal of Obamacare and this bill
doesn't do that even representative Andy
Biggs of Arizona made that point in the
statement he put out opposing the bill
and representative mark Amodei of Nevada
said he believes the GOP measure will
blow a 240 million dollar hole in
Nevada's budget because it takes away
funding from Medicaid he's a known as
well in theory it should be easy for
House Republicans to give their
president a win on this almost all of
them ran on an anti Obama care platform
full of health care it comes back to
policy who's covered he's not and that
makes it hard to convince Congress in
that congressman Patrick Meehan
represents Pennsylvania's seventh
district he wanted by 60% of the vote
which is way better than how Trump
performed even know because he doesn't
actually believe his leadership when
they say it protects people who have
pre-existing condition
yeah well I - enjoy taking on my
leadership and I'm not going out of my
way to try to contradict them but I
represent the constituents of the
seventh District of Pennsylvania and
that's my first and last obligation so
are you right for the seventh District
or are they wrong about what this bill
is going to do to most of the country I
don't want to suggest that this thing is
was without a substantial amount of
merit but ultimately the representations
we made to the people you know about
pre-existing conditions I'm concerned
that the new polls frankly they're and
the promises can be backed away from if
as a governor otherwise what's work to
do it even now man may be unwittingly
changing the world's climate through the
waste products of his civilization 50
years ago this week scientists created a
model predicting future climate change
and it's turned out to be stunningly
accurate on May 1st 1967 shakur Romana
Bey and Richard Wetherill published a
study showing that doubling co2 in the
atmosphere would lead to a temperature
increase on two degrees Celsius they
weren't the first to make this
connection but they're simple computer
model was the first to get it right
today there's almost 50% more carbon in
the atmosphere compared to the
pre-industrial world and average
temperatures have risen by about 0.8
degrees very close to the rate of
warming the two scientists predicted
vice news spoke to Kirk Bryan an
oceanographer who's worked on the
project since the beginning we were
almost skeptical of our own results at
first of course other scientists
especially in other fields of science
we're also skeptical until they began to
see the evidence
the data now is enough to convince
almost all scientists except for a few
holdouts to come around and recognize
the importance of the original
conclusions nearly all scientists now
agree about climate change but
increasing numbers of politicians
dispute their findings and that's
something Brian's team didn't predict I
just couldn't imagine that this would
become a controversial question 50 years
odd it was payment possible at that time
but but I think I was naive
I do this eight hours a day five days a
week and sometimes six and I like my job
really do like my job
Jesse chief is a coal miner he lives in
the Navajo Reservation which spans
across three states and is home to more
than 170,000 people different roles
folks the whole burden in the back yard
jesse was supposed to have a job until
he retires but instead he's probably
going to be unemployed by the end of
this year in February the owners of the
Navajo Generating Station one of the
largest coal plants in the country
announced plans to begin winding down
operations pulling out of a proposal to
keep it open until 2040 for four decades
the plant has helped power cities
throughout Arizona Nevada and California
the coal no longer makes financial sense
it can't compete with cheaper shale gas
without the plant the nearby mine where
Jesse works would almost certainly close
because the plant is its only buyer has
watching coal plants close around the
u.s. the u.s. become less reliant on
coal made you wonder whether this plant
was going to be compromised or my close
soon we then really take all those into
account because their owners here sat
down and struck a deal with us and so we
negotiate in good faith and you need to
honor your word and in this case that
didn't happen Navajo Nation's president
Russell begaye
has spent the past few months publicly
lobbying to keep the Navajo Generating
Station open without it roughly 3,000
Navajo would lose their jobs which is
especially problematic here on the
reservation with the unemployment rate
is boarding nearly 50% the nation also
depends heavily on coal for other things
together the plant in mind provides 40
percent of its annual revenue
if you told us ten years ago we would be
ready we would have had job for our
people that will be leading the mind and
the power plant we would have had a
different economy
it made it maybe more solar maybe more
wind than made other things we're saying
give us ten years we'll shut it down
ourselves and move on but touch but we
need that time to transition the plant
was built in 1968 mostly to make money
for private companies but the federal
government also holds a nearly 25
percent share it's used it to power the
central Arizona Project which sends
water to cities outside of the
reservation these are the numbers that
we have to look at how much we've give
to the state of Arizona near the mine
and a meeting organized by local
community leaders there wasn't much
sympathy for the Navajo Generating
Station or the Navajo leadership I'm
just totally shocked that at past the
11th hour you're running around like
this has come as a total surprise
there's a crisis closure of India's is a
crisis for the folks agree with that or
not that's how it's perceived among the
speakers at the meeting was a
representative from the Bureau of
Reclamation the department that manages
the federal government stake in the
plant do you think the sentiment amongst
Navajos that they aren't participating
in the decision-making is fair their
frustration is very real I think it is
fair federal oversight of tribal lands
has a lot of complications and there's
quite a history behind that that has not
included the needs of the people the
Navajo Reservation is still only a semi
autonomous nation everything it does has
to be approved by the federal government
for half a century the nation has rented
the land to the plant and collected
royalties from the mine
those contracts were negotiated by the
US government on behalf of the Navajo
and the Navajo feel that both contracts
sold them short almost a third of those
living on the reservation still live
without running water and electricity
when you go and talk with NGS now toward
the end of our conversation president
Begay admitted something he hasn't said
publicly if the Navajo Generating
Station closes he thinks the Navajo
could take over the mine and then sell
the coal to buyers elsewhere
we ought to take over even now how would
you do that a couple of ways one is just
basically forcing it
what do you mean mother we closed it we
closed this you can or I'm going to
enclose it next month so do you kind of
want this plan to close secretly yeah I
did getting private industry off of the
reservation would allow the Navajo to
directly profit from the mine but it's
unclear how taking it over would solve
the Navajos economic crisis there's no
way to transport coal beyond the nearby
coal plant right now black the
representative from the Bureau of
Reclamation said that kind of
infrastructure would cost more than a
billion dollars the Navajo have until
July to continue negotiations
SRP the majority owner of the Navajo
Generating Station says it's open to a
scenario in which the plant would
continue to operate for another few
years if the plant closes SRP has
committed to offer jobs and its other
facilities off the reservation to all
the plant workers but that's still only
a fraction of all the people who will be
affected
each household they have their own coal
pile and this is my mother's coal pile
it's almost gone we have only few chunks
left on it for the winner without his
job at the mine Jesse will have to
travel to find work it's the only way
he'll be able to make enough money to
support his family
if you leave how does that affect your
family well as far as my mother I've got
my brother dad faces the same situation
they were construction have you talked
to her about it
si questions you know what about our
heating what are they going to do are
they still provide coal because coal is
the number one forcibly throughout the
reservation to have answers for her do
you know I don't have an answer for that
right now more than six million
Americans can't vote because they've
been convicted of a felony an increasing
number of states automatically restore
that civil right once a sentence is
completed but Mississippi is one of 12
that lots of citizens out of the
democratic process for long after
they've served their time or forever
even for nonviolent crimes
Willie MacCabe lives in Cleveland
Mississippi and is one of more than
200,000 people in the state who have
lost the right to vote how many
elections did you miss I missed every
initiative oh six were you disappointed
to not be able to vote on their favorite
disappointed because I really want to
vote this year sixteen twelve and eight
when my family would go to the votes and
they can go and I can go and I'd be
standing around me everything you don't
come in and vote and I'd be like I
already vote line standing around
somewhere and everywhere I go so I want
a pair of hey but vote for you okay I'm
a vote you know one all the time I
couldn't vote Willie lost his voting
rights after forging a check for
thirteen hundred dollars to buy a
flat-screen TV at Walmart he served six
months probation and no jail time
did you think that forging a check would
cause you to lose your voting rights I
didn't think I loved my voting rights I
never thought of it that way because I
didn't never been in no situation Wells
and in the truck forgery is one of 22
crimes along with others like timbre
larceny felony shoplifting and bigamy
that cost you your vote in Mississippi
and once you've lost it there are only
two ways to get it back either the
governor pardons view which hasn't
happened under Republican Phil Bryan
who's been governor for five years or a
legislator like state senator Willie
Simmons goes to bat for you in order to
be able to restore that that individual
has to request of his or her legislature
to introduce a special bill specifically
for them to be allowed to have
subjects restored when he's not in
session Simmons runs the Senators place
a soul food restaurant in Cleveland
so that chicken is kickin in February he
offered the bill to restore Willie's
right to vote Senate bill number 29 51
an act to restore the right of suffrage
to Willie MacCabe a Bolivar County
Mississippi I make the usual Millersburg
huge emotion all those of Eversley eye
those motion carries Mississippi have
had a tumultuous history with voting and
civil rights what was it like in sibian
1965 hot hot from a temperature going to
be especially during the summer but it
was also hot from a movement point of
view because a lot of activity was going
on with sit-ins and walkins protests so
those some hot summers but they were
rewarded in the end because after all of
the suffering blood sweat and tears
it allowed Mississippi control but while
some things have improved it's become
even more difficult for excellence to
vote in Mississippi in the state's
original Constitution there were only
ten crimes that could take away your
right to vote in the 1990s the
legislature added a dozen more did you
vote against total I vote against most
of them because we knew that they were
blue collar crimes and we knew that they
were going to impact our constituents
more so than they would other senators
who did not have a heavily populated
black population forty years ago five
percent of black adults in Mississippi
couldn't vote but over the last few
decades that has risen to more than
fifteen percent and it included people
like Willie that changed at midnight on
April 20th when Willie's bill became law
he is one of just six people in
Mississippi who got their voting rights
back this year I feel real good because
I feel like if it was a vote Monday I'll
be there today but if there's not I'm
just trying to just soak it in just
knowing that I can vote again
but I guarantee it won't be too many
more days before
do go and vote well it really is one of
those situations where we probably never
should have taken his suffer strike and
that's a tragedy
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and
Russian President Vladimir Putin met
today in Sochi to tackle some of the
major differences between them the war
in Ukraine the eastward creep of NATO
and the shadowy information war that
Russia is waging to influence both
earlier this year a fake news story in
Lithuania charged the German soldiers
had raped a teenager their nato accused
the Kremlin of fabricating the story
just as it had with a similar story
about a Berlin rape victim known as Lisa
today Merkel said she wouldn't be
deterred Venice / she is infamous
feeling guilty that Islamic leaders
smash businesses
Hudson is also in Little Miss joslyn's
adopted and ended up eating naturally
and she didn't vlog in fake news is an
increasingly important weapon in
Russia's arsenal in Ukraine it floods
the airwaves with false stories about
the western-backed government and in
Kiev a group of journalists is trying to
fight back
welcome to stop fake the place where we
debunk fakes about Ukraine are Markos
superin would stop days later dissection
of the Russian alternate reality stop
fake same is exposed false information
presented as facts in anti Ukrainian
Russian media supporting the old adage
that if you repeat a lie often enough
people start believing it
the show is uploaded online in both
English and Russian they also have a
website and they publish 100,000 copies
of their newspaper each month which is
then delivered to Ukrainian held
territory in the east of the country
what was in your rundown today in the
rundown we had a story about Ukrainians
asking for energy from Crimea about a
Nazi footballer Roman Zulia who is not a
Nazi but he is a footballer and a story
about a tuberculosis epidemic in Ukraine
that there will be no more healthy
people Ukraine in three years most of
those tackling the issue in Ukraine are
volunteers including Yavin who founded
stuff lake he's a lecturer at the
journalism school in Kiev where the
group is based our aim is not only to
debunk it for the sake of the bargain
but also to educate the audience so what
you've got here is 29 people who are
battling Russia's parts of Russia's
hybrid warfare if information was just
the frontline of every kid serious after
all in Austria this is the frontline of
hybrid war
one of the topics they've been
discussing its proposals to allow
Ukrainian citizens visa-free travel in
the EU they believe that Russia is
manipulating facts in an attempt to stop
that from happening to influence
policymakers here or in Europe you're
going to be flooded with a bunch of
prostitutes from Ukraine why is that
significant right core is a horse who
gives a
the point is there's a high level of
AIDS in Ukraine it's an epidemic this is
going to cast fear and the who's heads
because that's an actual factual now
information in a policymaker is going to
say we you know what I don't think
Ukrainian seem to have visa-free regime
there's health issues and that is a
victory of fake news one of the most
notorious take news stories during the
conflict with report broadcast on
Russia's channel one in it a woman
describes to a journalist the brutality
of Ukrainian forces very blond affiliate
might remaining 4 diradical football
game
rakia schools that another 4 billion is
pretty village remember what the hell of
a pepper self-serve the american secret
for all of you drinking with adopt a
expected journalists and photographers
working in the city at the time who say
that locals denied the crucifixion ever
happened no photos or videos ever
surfaced of the alleged events channel 1
hasn't responded to our request for
comment on the story but it's not just
journalists who've taken notes of fake
news the government told vice news that
information warfare will increasingly
play a larger role in conflict
how much of a problem is fake news
perpetuated by Russia in Ukraine
absolutely huge if anybody in Russia is
told that in Ukraine there are fascists
that crucified boys that rape women and
doing some bad stuff it's obviously that
some people will get the guns they will
go to this land without knowing that
this information was fake to fight with
these imaginary fascists would you ever
consider finding Russia fake news as you
call it with your own psyches of course
not is just bending your your resources
into the end of the day you're not
getting resolved back so even if the
professor again results are countly yes
but you see they imagine the world so
everybody believes that Russia is the
evil state can you believe that the evil
snake yes I do the conflict began here
in Maidan square protesters camped out
for months to demonstrate against
Russian influence in Ukrainian politics
more than 100 of them were killed since
then according to even the deluge of
half-truths rumors and fake news has led
to a mistress to journalists something
stopfake is trying to revise I do
believe that at some point our articles
could be used as a legal evidence of how
Russia was misusing media and where how
media was turned into the arms of
new to me that's it for this week if you
spot any disinformation about Ukraine
send it to us for a truth autopsy
I like this room she's mad at a man on
this record - if she got a lying that
gotta love cuz sheeting lying bastard
you that's all guys into
we're about twenty nine look a mess
yes who is it he's British whoever's
there from Vegas
they're from Vegas the around well
you know it's wrong Vegas and London
Earth you know really settling on the
rabbit ranch when trade is solid only
freestyle even south I like the fact
that Talib on this track I like the fact
it lends itself more to the street and
style is just a favorite the
fact that he's doing a record with
Styles is such a dope New York thing
house and I just know you know it for me
as a as a New Yorker it's a really cool
thing here do you spy don't no you're
not
yeah I fresh you got it Frank
always sounds like you got a stuffy nose
though not the bad way he's really
challenging what what you think is
supposed to be a lead vocal god bless
them after he is a hell of a
 producer ride adhesive he's an
absolute peace out the fur that's Mike's
news tonight for Tuesday May 2nd
