but the platypus ambient music - melissa
ties into the plaza
meconium delta by budala when your lemon
garden memory shorted bad guy cafe press
it down Vanna problems in the popcorn
and ice water dominance @taykitty leo
says never could believe take up a
delivery girl before you write scene
from the movie show that mistake
evaluated Molly - my lights seen over
the last year 20,000 Haitian migrants
arrived at the US border seeking asylum
the sudden influx led President Obama to
start turning them away after years of
acceptance now under the trump
administration's tightened border
thousands of Haitians could be stranded
in Tijuana for years to come i keyed on
this Thomas and Tijuana is takikomi
Familia IKEA say aproximadamente dos
meses de cinéma salir para ver SI
podemos Jaeger hasta los Estados Unidos
porque pensando que hace I mean follow
me home entonces bastante Tiana I can t
wanna see what convent earring makinia
ET most of these migrants came from
Brazil were many displaced Haitians fled
after the devastating 2010 earthquake
but with the Brazilian economy in a rut
thousands decided to head to the US es
una cosa nunca
voll viele repetier nice pelea de manila
getting to the u.s. mint a dangerous
three-month journey across 10 countries
custon up to seven thousand dollars per
person most of these migrants spent all
their money only to find themselves in
limbo
cRIO
sobre acetal previously women and
children were being paroled but in light
of the new executive orders that trump
has signed almost all of them are going
to remain detained and they're going to
remain detained for for quite some
period of time and most of them are not
going to be released and they're gonna
be deported back to Haley los Estados
Unidos ellos quieren deport Arlo's IP
mejor para que dar aqui Mexico or otro
país en los Estados Unidos ellos tienen
un proceso de estilo de algunas personas
Vanna receiver asilo pero por que
ustedes son Mir antes por motivos
economicus si si usted es una grande
economic oh no Bonnaroo severe asilo now
that we're getting reports back from
Haitians who have gone through the
process in the United States but then
have been subsequently deported to Haiti
people are thinking about staying here
since the u.s. became stricter with
Haitian immigrants the number of
Haitians found ineligible to enter the
country grew exponentially over the last
two months the number that have applied
to legally stay in Mexico jumped from 25
to over 1,000 Tijuana as soon as you a
characteristic ax es la sua Camus
tránsito de inmigración s tienen el
continente sabes assessed a noona semana
Zetas Gunton a mil deport ADO's con mill
next rancheros Katie Hagen con kin en
toes Callaghan des jeux Yendo ciudades
imagine Otello complicado kaze para la
ciudad para tender a tantas personas en
una semana y como estas yeah hicieron
sutra meta para Carson Mexico yeah Stan
trabajando en trabajo buskin trabajar
buskin lagares de niro sus familias ito
parse a con case 8 acaba sueños
imagine a Taillow complicado que puede
ser no es el océano vanessa posibilidad
yeah us Kincaid arson Mexico Kaori
Tanabe save across our para Estados
Unidos Ponce's lo que yo voy a hacer es
lo tram it a para legalize army
I see puedo encontrar la la montagne
their families
estamos NEC ando la primer de la casa co
e damos initio a la pequeña i t SE
supone que son c Enfamil allah when
officials int apoyo al gobierno no es un
tema muy difícil los fondos de gobierno
Somu es casos básicamente esto SE man
tiene con con el suelo aladdin a Sione's
el gobierno no participa mucho honest
la primera Casa vez la mia
cadyville past all la primera casa es
tuyo Christopher I kick a crock given
our cost real muchas but I keep with an
idealist nice person
