tonight Trump and Chicago's gangs I'm
gonna do a few years in a penitentiary
their life in a cemetery North Korea's
threat capacity and the brazen copycats
of Silicon Valley
the heads of the House Oversight
Committee said they believe former
national security adviser Michael Flynn
may have broken the law by not reporting
for an income when he applied for
security clearance as a former military
officer you simply cannot take money
from Russia Turkey or anybody else and
it appears as if he did take that money
who is inappropriate and there are
repercussions for the violation of law
Flynn resigned in February after it was
revealed he discussed sanctions with the
Russian ambassador and then lied about
it
Ivanka Trump got hit stat and booed
while defending her father during a
Women's Leadership event in Berlin he's
been a tremendous champion of of
supporting families and enabling them
you had earlier the the reaction from
from from the audience the panel also
pressed Ivanka on her unpaid White House
role Huma you're representing your
father is the president of the United
States the American people or your
business the UN is secured commitments
for more than a billion dollars in a
push to stave off famine in Yemen which
it's calling one of the world's largest
humanitarian crises on average a child
under the age of five dies of
preventable causes in Yemen every 10
minutes Saudi Arabia which is at war
with rebels in Yemen has been blockading
one of the country's main ports delaying
aid deliveries Russia is further
cementing its control over eastern
Ukraine announcing today that it'll
start supplying the separatist-held area
with electricity the Ukrainian
government recently cut power to the
Luhansk region because it hasn't paid
its bills in months Moscow has backed
the separatist since 2014 when the
conflict started though it denies
sending weapons or troops a federal
judge in San Francisco temporarily
blocked president Trump's executive
order attempting to deny funding to
so-called sanctuary cities the judge
ruled that two California counties suing
over the law are likely to succeed in
their argument that the order violates
the Constitution because Congress
not the president controls spending the
ruling temporarily halts enforcement of
the order nationwide
last night Chicago passed 1,000
shootings for 2017 is this a war-torn
country what are we doing and we have to
stop the violence President Trump called
out Chicago's troubles and campaigned on
finding the solution 12 days after
inauguration a pastor named Daryl Scott
told President Trump he had won Scott
said top gang thugs in Chicago had
personally contacted him with a message
for the president
anyone ever sit down about lowering that
body count Daryl Scott is from Cleveland
and doesn't have many contacts in
Chicago but he's got the attention of
the White House because what's happening
in Chicago should not be happening to
this country Scott and Donald Trump
first met back in 2011 when Trump was
flirting with the thought of being
president during the campaign Scott
introduced Trump at Ohio rallies and
spoke at the Republican National
Convention
he's now the CEO of the national
diversity Coalition for Trump and his
promise has made him the de facto fix
Chicago advisor
I'll figure out on August I haven't seen
all types of death only the I don't
think it even affect me like
anymore Torrance cooks is a former South
Side gang member turned community
organizer his cousin introduced him to a
pastor named Luther McKinstry who then
introduced cooks to Daryl Scott
it was his one-off conversation with
Daryl Scott that turned into a promise
to the president people have been
talking about saving Chicago for a long
time
while he waited for Daryl Scott's
meeting Torrance cooks organized his own
Town Hall for the South Side
I've never out of all the years of my
life never seen this many children died
before the parents we need to bring
those young people that were talking
about into the room and talk to them no
actual gang members showed up if it's
hard to get them to show up to their own
community center what's gonna happen
when people from the Trump
administration want to come and talk to
them - we don't need them met with the
trunk meeting we need to get something
done from them out of its Ronnie
Larry t-bone is a pastor who does
community outreach on Chicago's West
Side he was skeptical of Scott's
comments and decided to reach out to
Scott who then invited him to be a part
of the meeting do you buy it that Trump
is the guy who can change Chicago I
bother he has the power to do if jobs
are gonna come to my city I don't care
we wake Hitler up out the grave and
Hitler says I'm gonna help the
african-american community in the inner
city of Chicago I'm gonna roll with
Hitler there are some people who'd say
that it's about as likely that Trump is
gonna help black people in Chicago as
Hitler rising from the grave to help
black people in Chicago do you think
that Trump has an accurate understanding
of Chicago and that he can treat its
people right the police tried it their
way
the preachers tried it their way you
know we're praying our way out we're
laying on the ground we're marching that
didn't that didn't work
the plan was for cooks to bring the
south side and Forte Barone to handle
the West the two sides historically
haven't been able to get along the
meeting was set for March 21st at a
Marriott near the airport deep down the
majority of us want the same thing we
want the homicide rate to stop in
Chicago
I personally in 2016
did over a hundred funerals myself it's
hard enough to get community leaders to
work together it's even harder to get
the gangs to it no longer looks like the
organized crime of the 80s and 90s the
original leaders are dead or in prison
and gangs have fractured into cliques
fighting bitterly for money and
territory why every day are you carrying
that around with you not to change the
house without this it's like you it's
like you you basically said she had
 my life you know sir so when you
wake up in the morning when do you first
grab that so as you put on your clothes
if I put me closer how you pitting out
of tie your shoe how you going to pair
for the wash your face a brush no teeth
that going like you putting your better
the last thing do it was worried about
the police already do a few years in the
penitentiary
their life in a cemetery Birdman and
little gr Gangster Disciples on
Chicago's West Side he's doing a lot
better day when I first get off the
hospital I wish each one of my brothers
could bring back one of my dear homies I
bet hit 13 test
that'd be 13 of my homies that'll be
back Birdman was shot in November and
the wounds are still fresh
he replaces his bandages with his
grandma's napkins and tape he borrowed
from our cameraman this reality is a
world away from hotel conference rooms
much less the Oval Office Birdman and
little G have never heard of Daryl Scott
pastor J prone or Torrance cooks I'll
bet you that whole table before
everybody has Susan sighs man they hire
nobody man dressed like that we dressed
why don't you think you get invited to
meetings like that help they think we to
someone like that the night before Daryl
Scott scheduled meeting Scott's team
sends out two conflicting press releases
the first calls the meeting a gang
summit with a negotiated ceasefire
the second walks the promise of a
ceasefire back less than an hour later
Scott postpones the meeting this meeting
happened on the impromptu and it was
because of the cancellation of dr. Scott
and T cooks a frustrated pastor Tyrone
invites people to a makeup meeting on
the west side no South siders or Trump
associates in sight or gang members Xing
out the Donald Trump syndrome and you
know stop jumping on the bandwagon that
Donald Trump is this monster and he
hates black people you know we need to
know for ourselves and and that's that's
where I am right now
back in Cleveland pastor Daryl Scott
prepared to make things right and
reschedule the meeting there's been some
confusion around what this meeting would
look like because you know began at the
Black History Month table with the
sounding like Trump might actually sit
down with top gang thugs from Chicago
and then there was a release that said
that there'd be a ceasefire and
immediate job openings for the kids
where are we now
ceasefire if the Lord Jesus Christ
descended from heaven right now that
would be hard for him to do at any point
when you consider for some people though
the life-or-death stakes here and the
complicated geography of the city of
Chicago and I'm learning it no so do you
I do not ever feel like damn maybe I bit
off more than I could chew here no you
know why because I'm not trying to
grandstand I'm not trying to showboat
and my motives are pure nearly three
months after his promise to the
president Scott held the meeting this
time within walking distance from the
White House at the four-star st. Regis
Hotel president Trump is unpopular in
the black community and he wants to help
he wants to make good on his campaign
promises and if I got anything to do
with it he gonna come to but everything
he said he's gonna come through for the
black community in the room there was a
mix of pastors I have churches in Africa
Haiti and one in Campfield Ohio
businessmen I own a pharmaceutical
company in India 178 employees we make
genetic oncology drugs in Friends of
Trump and Scott we're here to really
take action to make change so thank you
for taking the action of coming here to
DC seated across from six South siders
from Chicago pastor Jay Braun didn't get
the invite in Torrance Kooks missed his
flight that morning the conversation
went on for five hours you know in the
streets they say put up or shut up we
put up and we hear we got
yeah because you're gonna highlight with
a good report not just a report because
because of we've restructured the
meetings yeah I remember into ghetto
where people were poor cynicism is
heightened man it ain't gonna happen
man what's up with this so we have to
bring something back
the Chicagoans wanted money for
nonprofits housing economic development
and programs to keep kids off the
streets what they received was a promise
that there'd be another meeting what's
important for us is establishing next
steps and I always said this wasn't the
last meeting I said it from the very
beginning the first time they pounced on
me about saying I was engaged with some
people of Chicago said this ain't a fret
last meeting that's just the first me in
Chicago waiting on promises and
processes means more people dead over 70
people have been shot in Chicago since
the meeting everybody would say put the
guns down put the girls there but it's
impossible to put a good down where this
side don't kill somebody I grew up with
well this side don't kill my brother
this side then killed my sister walk you
go sir can't you just decide I'm not
gonna retaliate how if somebody was to
kill somebody that was close to you
right now willing to do I have no idea
really honest a being it's like how
could you go got a corporal that point
this man out of you other Street
yourself right so so at what point do
people say like this is just too much it
can't be too much because here too deep
there
the US government will run out of money
and stop functioning early on Saturday
morning manie's unless Washington can
get its act together to prevent it
president Trump made it known that he'd
let the government shut down if
Congress's funding bill didn't include
money for his border wall then on Monday
night he backed down it's all part of an
increasingly common ritual of shutdown
brinksmanship that's rapidly becoming
the only way that Washington gets
anything done this is the world war two
memorial on the National Mall October
1st 2013 it became the visual backdrop
for the political farce that was the
last government shutdown a group of
veterans traveled here to come and visit
their memorial when they got here it was
closed because of the shutdown so they
broke in anyway and backing them up was
a group of Republicans responsible for
closing the memorial they came down here
to demand President Obama reopen this
monument to veterans we tried tried
tried knocked on the door and we just
got the door slammed in our face this
weird fake protest thing actually worked
the world war 2 was reopened to veterans
but all the other memorials to all the
other wars all around me along with
every other National Park Service site
across the country remain closed it was
all in all a very dumb moment shutdowns
are always very dumb moments the one
thing you can't actually shut the
government down and a person can shoot
you or arrest you they stayed on the job
so there's everybody with a national
security job shutdowns produce a lot of
very silly stories the 2013 shutdown
produced a viral picture of the kid
trying to get into the zoo
and the viral video of the guy who came
down here to mow the lawn because
there's nobody else here to do it
but they also produce a lot of very
serious stories millions of Americans
who rely on government benefits like
veterans and low-income people I left
helpless as the government tries to
figure out what to do with their
benefits out of the shutdown but mostly
it's just really expensive an absurd
political theater Standard & Poor's said
the last government shutdown cost the
economy twenty four billion dollars well
Republicans are scrambling this week to
make sure this doesn't happen again
Paul Ryan's are promising for a month
that Americans need not worry we're not
gonna have a government shutdown the
President does want to have a government
shutdown so why are we even talking
about this why is it even the smallest
concern the government might shut down
this week because this is how budgeting
in Washington works now everything
everything is done under threat of the
shutdown you get right up to the line
and sometimes you go over it this used
to be considered political suicide but
they may not be true anymore
in October 2013 when this Memorial is on
the news every day polls showed
Americans hate of the shutdown and blame
Republicans for it but 13 months later
voters shocked Democrats by handing up
Republicans a huge victory in the
midterm elections so if you're a
politician who likes to play with fire
you might start thinking that when it
comes to threatening a government
shutdown you're not likely to get burned
early this morning the USS Michigan a
submarine loaded with guided missiles
pulled into port in South Korea with an
easy striking distance of Pyongyang
which happens to be celebrating the
founding of its nuclear armed military
today North Korea has been test firing a
lot of missiles lately each time moving
closer to developing an intercontinental
ballistic missile that can hit the US
but analysts say the country's
long-range ambitions are still a long
ways off probably it's just like
throwing a baseball the speed of the
ball when it leaves your arm determines
in part how far it goes when you're
developing a short-range missile you
don't have to get the speed up very high
but as you try to get longer and longer
ranges which means you're trying to get
the missile at the higher and higher
speeds just the weight of the missile
itself becomes a problem the longest
range missile that North Korea has
operational as its Nodong missile which
has a range of about 1,300 kilometers
allows it to reach Japan the one missile
that has longer range the Musa Don has a
range of something like 2,500 to 3,000
kilometers it's had one successful test
but it's had about seven failures when
people talk about intercontinental
ballistic missiles they typically mean
missiles that are greater in range than
about 5,500 kilometers if you look at
North Korea in order to reach say the
west coast the United States they would
have to have a range of something about
9,000 kilometers even to reach Alaska
you're talking about probably 6 to 7,000
kilometers the technical issues that
face them are trying to build missiles
that have new types of propellants that
are more powerful give you more thrust
try and get the structural weight of the
missile down trying to get all these
complicated systems to work together
with a guidance system that will give
you relatively good accuracy and a heat
shield that will allow you to get the
warhead back down to earth all those
things I think are solvable you know
North Korea still has a long way to go
to get these long-range missiles working
which gives the world
window of opportunity to try and stop
them Facebook just released a slew of
exciting new projects including some
that look a lot like another platform
signature features but in the tech world
plagiarism is just another word for
innovation
Nellie Bowles explains Silicon Valley's
copycat culture when Facebook announced
its newest features last week they
looked a little familiar we're going to
make the camera the first mainstream
augmented reality Platinum this looks a
lot like what snapchat announced hours
earlier Facebook has been brazenly
stealing the la-based social media apps
features repackaging them and announcing
them at events like this when you look
around at all the different cameras that
are out there today
no one has built a platform yet it isn't
the first time Facebook's been accused
of borrowing they launched poke a
disappearing message app read before
snapchat turned down Facebook's
acquisition offer and a suit was filed
accusing them of stealing the like
button to be fair Facebook did win that
case but this is how Silicon Valley has
always worked
yeah borrowing or stealing ideas is part
and parcel of special Cavalli's history
going back to the very beginning the
transistor was invented at AT&T and then
in the 1950s there was a lawsuit and
part of the terms of the settlement of
that antitrust lawsuit was the forced
three mandatory licensing of the
transistor that hadn't have happened
Silicon Valley never would have happened
the Mac borrowed a lot from Xerox is
Park operating system Apple also
borrowed the Mouse from Xerox Google
didn't invent add search technology that
was goto.com a borrow that eventually
resulted in a 300 million dollar
settlement with go to his current owner
Yahoo Apple sued Samsung when their
galaxy s2 had similar design features to
the iPhone 3GS
it's hard to stop theft Intag patent law
is usually behind the innovation cycle
and lawyers struggle prosecuting around
companies that don't sell goods but give
them away for free like Facebook
Facebook did not respond to our request
for comment I actually don't think the
valley is it has innovative as it
believes it is and it spends a lot of
time
petting slope on the back but in fact
there's more engineering than innovation
in the valley
ha I kind of liked it except the lyrics
you were in your Hummer and I was in my
Volkswagen yesterday Volkswagen a volt I
thought she was like VOC I thought that
was like slang for Volkswagen what does
she say volt yes it doesn't chevy make a
vault or something like whatever the
 it is one RG car sorry man I'm not
interested in that
Rhonda Jules is officially beefing with
all due respect Sheryl Crow is that
 multi-millionaire she doesn't
care about my opinion it just wasn't
really ever for me no crawls Barton her
run the jewels t-shirt right now East
Coast rap the first part of the
beat reminded me of the clips you
know yeah what the yeah yeah wishes dope
thumbs up from run the jewels
this is country music meets hip-hop
writer this was definitely written by
either a black hit their crew at rapid
or someone who grew up listed in the rap
and I and I'm be honest I grew up in the
south so if I'm stumbling in a country
bar high as at 3:00 in the morning
this is the record I'm dancing to with
the kalcker day night mommies come for
free this is the one Lord right is cool
I mean it's well produced yeah and I'm
gonna sucker for a heavy 808
dropping in the middle of some
where you don't think an 808 is about to
drop you know I'm a 40-year old man out
oh yeah I can't relate to this
but with that said I feel like my
daughter would love it you know I mean
so I'm not mad at it at all but I'm here
to tell all teenagers your partner's
gonna break your heart y'all
would be friends when you're 30 that's
why we came here
yeah you won't be with this idea we're
gonna warn the teenage youth yeah that's
vice news tonight for Tuesday April 25th
tune in this Friday at 7:30 Eastern for
a special episode on the first 100 days
of Donald Trump
