tonight protestors go all-in against
Maduro political revolt in France and
the next big special election fight the
Treasury Department blacklisted 271
employees of a Syrian government agency
that develops non-conventional weapons
it's the latest response to the chemical
weapons attack earlier this month that
prompted u.s. missile strikes on a
Syrian Air Base the United States is
sending a strong message with this
action that we will not tolerate the use
of chemical weapons and we intend to
hold the Assad regime accountable for
its unacceptable behavior
defense secretary James Madison
unannounced visit to Afghanistan he said
the Trump administration is reviewing
the US and Russian roles in the war
there amid reports that Moscow is
funneling weapons to the Taliban we are
going to have to confront Russia where
what they're doing is contrary to
international law in his first public
appearance since eating the White House
to Donald Trump President Obama hosted a
student panel discussion at the
University of Chicago he said he's still
trying to figure out what to do next but
will focus on working with young people
the single most important thing I can do
is
to help in any way I can prepare the
next generation of leadership to take up
the baton New Orleans became the latest
city to remove a Confederate symbol
taking down the first of its four
prominent Confederate monuments we have
worked decades in the city to get rid of
these white supremacy monument it's hard
full of course it's an insult to my
ancestors workers war masks and
bulletproof vests as they dismantle the
pillar early this morning after city
officials received death threats from
residents opposed to the removal
unrelenting protests entered the fourth
week today in Venezuela at hundreds of
thousands continued to demand the
removal of president Nicolas Maduro
according to the Venezuelan NGO photo
canal 1426 people have been arrested
since April 4th and 636 have yet to
resurface and the death toll is rising
21 people have been killed some by armed
gang pro-government paramilitary over
the weekend Maduro did his best not to
appear in battle minister said in Panola
packing kierra venir Averna que venga
venezuela but all across the country
opposition to Maduro is reaching
critical mass and it's not just young
people but entire families risking their
lives to defy a president they fear the
dictator
David Noriega is and
even people who've been protesting
against the government of Google Chavez
and Nicolas Maduro for almost 20 years
say things are different so let those
have with the rest of the semester you
are gone Henry innama that the profile
of the opposition their middle-class
professionals who live in eastern
Caracas the wealthier part of town where
major protests erupted in 2014 presaging
the unrest today they say that scares
work and shortages of food and medicine
have filled their daily life with
uncertainties luganda penciler illness
elitism an American comedy a solarium
comedian super methicillin episode we
followed Henry in Amman to plateau
Briony where several opposition figures
at congregated a crowd gathered around
Bailey galata the vice president of the
National Assembly become a leading
figure in the unfinished quantity comedy
internet on cotton candy as Deborah Val
de Soto no podemos auntie Alana Pecha
completa port a sob story coda fast Rafi
soraka's sensual de manera que los
quiero no no sabe lo que Sita plantain
Munna Calais
Esteban de la noche tanto Ãºnica forma a
rare original on a second our prey knows
a man tenderly Macaulay presen Ando MS
attention Oh Yolanda important occasion
the reality is northern clear-cut as the
opposition makes it seem both sides have
resorted to violent attics in the
streets and opposition leaders who say
they stand for democracy above all have
in the past tried to be empowered by
force como en sent into Liberia que ha
pasado y la que se to be mayor
what's clear that the opposition has no
intention of backing down even after
they heard reports on Monday that Maduro
was willing to schedule elections this
year they say that won't be enough until
leading anti Malouda politicians who are
either in prison or barred from public
office are allowed to run
haremos legacy rien de la misma cara de
bolsa en frente yo lo queremos que non
even fro no gram electoral marine lepen
resigned from her role at the head of
the National Front party today to
concentrate on running for president of
friends French voters just narrowed that
race down to lepen and another formerly
unimaginable candidate Emmanuel macron
who centrist party on mouse is less than
a year old the results weren't a total
surprise but they did drive home a
shocking new reality
the next leader of France will either
being a nationalist firebrand
forged in the extreme heat of the
far-right limited for a political new
born with no track record whatsoever and
the election was historic not just
because of who French voters supported
but what they rejected
this is the first time since the
founding of the crisps Republic in 1958
that Frances mainstream parties the
Socialists left and the gorlice right
have both been ejected in the first
round of a presidential election the
Socialist Party in particular hasn't
been so much rejected decimated their
candidate what an abysmal six percent a
result reflects the exceptional
unpopularity of outgoing socialist
president Francois Hollande who approval
ratings were spiking and around four
percent in the final throes of his
presidency so with the old guard out
France has presented itself for the
choice between polar opposite their next
president could be an ultra-light
populist nationalist who vowed the EU
will die or a pro-business pragmatist
who says these need a left nor right and
rallies under both the treaty law and
the European flag this is as much an
election as a national identity crisis a
specific machine demos between back in
the fourth a point of origin
Liberty would well in order to perform
perform a konso Novato a situation
really perform a lazy girl versus Italy
change you see unless something on the
security the parrot a shrewd political
veteran shall highlight rock Ron's
inexperience in 39 years old by far the
youngest French presidential candidate
and he's never stood for an election
before she presents herself as the
people's candidate she'll argue macron
is establishment he's Pro Russell's
pro-business pro elite he celebrated his
first round win in apparent Bradbury
with celebrities she in her
working-class stronghold in the north
and the establishment is closing ranks
around macron
the two defeated mainstream candidates
used their concession speeches to
implore their supporters to back Makran
and keep lepen out you're born in 53 so
odd
emanuelle makovica Superman fought
resistance allagadda Melinda penny
when met Mary telephone say Kim evil
power sha Qian dodo September God invent
are no precursor bacteria it only
mission is to our Cinderella in Liana V
so in its anti-establishment anger
France is likely to elect a graduate of
its most elite schools whose only
experience outside the public sector
with a few years in private banking
the state of Arkansas plans to execute
two men by lethal injection this evening
they're part of a series of eight
executions that the state had scheduled
over an 11 day period four has been
blocked so far and one inmate was put to
death last week the reason for the rush
a looming expiration date for one of the
three drugs used for lethal injection
midazolam but the drugs creator doctor
are mean Vols are never meant for it to
kill I was successful in making
midazolam in 1974 it is a sedative level
to valium I discovered a reaction it was
quite successful they thought it would
be perfect for sedation before
anesthesia or reservation for minor
procedures like a dentist and it was
huge for myself when I had a colonoscopy
lately life and I found it very
convenient the other line was maybe the
most successful venture of my chemist
career I was called I think about two
years ago from a reporter from Oklahoma
and she told me that plate thinking of
using or they using the dazzling for
execution of sedation before execution
and of course I was surprised and I was
not not least because your drug is used
for execution it's not it's not a
successful drug attic I don't know why
they choose without them I mean this
means the mystery I guess the expiration
date means after a certain design the
integrity of the drug of loss and of
course in a case for execution you don't
want to use any truck that is expired I
did not work on the drug to kill people
on the contrary to help them I'm against
the use of midazolam for the purpose but
that's only my opinion
tens of thousands of people gathered in
more than 600 cities around the world
this weekend for the March for science
the mass protest was a response to the
Trump administration's effort to
suppress and discredit research on
everything from climate change to
vaccines and to brand scientists as
political partisan and now one new
organization is seizing on that notion
by training scientists how to run for
office last week around 100 scientists
attended a conference in Washington DC
held by three one for actions a
grassroots activist organization named
after the mathematical constant pi
that's trying to get scientists elected
to public office who here in the room is
a science background you better use data
is my advice if you have a scientific
background you know how to use data
better than your opponent's play to your
advantages the goal of the conference is
simple teach researchers how to run a
campaign and appeal to voters there's no
one right way to do this but I do think
that there is a little bit of a secret
sauce men do this all the time you can
explain to me why I don't understand but
they'll stand like this and then what
push up
I had to do that I've already been told
cut my hair grow it longer wear heels
don't worry little wear dresses don't
wear dresses I'm good are there any data
point specific stitches so overall this
is what works best it's important to
know that you look different on camera
that you do in person do you think that
having a science background makes you
qualified to be a politician yes very
simply fundamentally the training is
taking large amounts of information
distilling it down to manageable
portions and relevant portions and
conveying that back right and so I can't
think of a better skill in making policy
historically American scientists have
stayed away from politics and that's
still true today out of 537 Congress
people only three have PhDs in stem
field but the election of President
Trump has prompted many researchers to
rethink the trope of the eighth
political scientist
this trend isn't exactly bipartisan out
of these five thousand scientists and
researchers who responded three one four
actions call none were Republican
because your presence here today does
that have to do with the comfort
ministration yeah I I don't go to be
running right now we have a the anti
science nature of the current
administration
beautiful view that the current
administration is takin on science and
the attack that the current
administration is takin on science I
just feel it's really important right
now to stand up and and do this running
for office is a lot easier than getting
your PhD so I think a lot of you are
going to be just fine
Shaughnessy Norton is the founder of
three one four action how did this event
come about well I ran for Congress
myself I lost okay but I learned a lot
so the reason why I founded this
organization was to give them a peek
behind the curtain I think traditionally
scientists have looked at science as
being above politics and politics being
dirty but what politicians have shown us
is that they are unashamed to metal in
science and the way we push back against
that is to get involved in the electoral
process and to claim a seat at the table
getting scientists into politics isn't
without controversy
Gretchen Goldman is the research
director for the unit of Concerned
Scientists
a nonprofit organization that has been
actively trying to get scientists
engaged in policy discussions for years
now why do you think scientists have
been reluctant to enter politics
scientists want to believe that facts
will speak for themselves
they want to believe that the facts will
make will make fact-based decisions
because we have the science but of
course we know we all live in a world
where that's not the case
I've been amazed to see how many
scientists have raised their hand and
said I'm willing to look into this I'm
thinking about running for office and
I'm going to do it I've been joking
right I feel like President Trump is the
gateway drug for scientists engaging in
policy it's really just changed the
change of the situation
president Trump's Rakhi first months in
office have given Democrats hope that
they can compete in normally red
districts but so far in two special
elections in Kansas and Georgia they've
fallen short of a win their next
opportunity comes in Montana where
there's a special election on May 25th
to replace the state's lone congressman
Ryan's Enki who Trump named Secretary of
the Interior the election have gotten so
competitive that a member of the first
family spent the weekend campaigning
across the state
Alexandra Jaffe was there when Donald
Trump jr. came to Montana to campaign
for Republican Greg Jan Forte a tech
entrepreneur who ran for governor last
year he told Montanans to show the world
his GAD twin wasn't a fluke maybe in
common sense prevailed and that's what
it is about we can't rest on our laurels
and say hey we want a big election
against in fact engine enterprise the
other side though president Trump's may
be unpopular nationwide in Montana
Republicans believe he's an asset he won
the state by 20 points last November
that's why GN Forte was reluctant to
name away he would stand up to the
president so there's nothing at this
point though that you see that you would
break with President Trump honors that
you've all I mean if you there's a lot
of things I agree on you know we we are
a natural resource development state I
agree with some of the steps he's taken
to start to rein in the size of
government his appointments have been
tremendous I fully support those
particularly the Supreme Court and our
own Ryan Zinke now being part of the
Secretary of Interior he did cut some
funding for Superfund cleanup sites
that's something that I would push for
this is another special election that
shouldn't be competitive
but it's different from Kansas in
Georgia Montana is a big state with a
relatively small population just a
little more than 1 million people all
that space gives Montanans in
Independence streak while Trump
demolished Hillary Clinton in 2016
Montana re-elected a Democratic governor
and has had at least one Democratic
senator since the nineteen eighties
because Trump's generally pretty popular
here Rob Quist the Democrat in the race
does not want to make this a referendum
on the president so how much of Donald
Trump struggles in Washington though
have given you a little bit of an
opening in this race you know I'm really
not concerned with Donald Trump you know
to me I'm really concerned about the
issues facing the state of Montana and
Quist
is the perfect candidate to make the
case he focused on Montana how did you
stand with me and I would stand up with
you you and I love mama you know this
world wouldn't be the same without you
Regan Rob Quest is basically a rock star
in Montana he was part of a legendary
Montana folk band and sings on the stump
he also recites poetry about Montana her
wild and natural beauty it will take
away your breath oh but just take her
for granted
it could easily mean your death quistis
banking on the same populist pitch that
helped Bernie Sanders win the Democratic
primary here I really feel like
especially in terms of control you know
now the Congress to opt for too long but
now it started to leak into the
political landscape of
as well you know instead of by draining
the swamp I think they're bringing the
swamp to Montana but it's a purple state
so we can't bear so far to the left that
he alienates independence Bernie Sanders
is coming to campaign with you do you
consider yourself a progressive we know
I really admire Bernie Sanders for the
fact that he's a man of the people but
you know Montana's are smart they know
me I've been out you know playing music
and telling their stories and standing
up for them all my life and so I think
they're going to stand behind me on this
even with Bernie Sanders and Don jr.
getting involved in the race it's still
coming down to local issues it's time to
fight back
some folks just don't get it the
candidates are battling over gun control
and land rights that means Democrats
can't really spin a closer than expected
loss as a win here like they have in
Kansas and Georgia did you stand with me
never stand you that's vice news tonight
for Monday April 24th tune in this
Friday at 7:30 Eastern for special
episodes on the first 100 days of Donald
Trump
