Jill Delaney and lids have been going to
country music concerts together for over
a decade but tonight's different it's
the first time seeing Jason Aldean since
last October the route 91 harvest music
festival in Las Vegas was the site of
the deadliest mass shooting in modern
American history
58 people were killed hundreds were
injured but there were 22,000 people at
that festival and a lot of them are
still trying to work through what
happened having this group behind us to
get through this milestone is really why
we're here today
one week after the shooting the three
friends started going to free regular
therapy sessions held in a country music
dance hall one by dr. Shiva guide a
clinical psychologist who usually works
with the military treating combat
related trauma circles this is their
one-year check-in I knew I had anxiety
and whatnot to see Jason Aldean but I
didn't realize that after Jason Aldean
how much lighter I was going to feel I
don't want to say better but definitely
lighter when the shooting started what
we were you thinking I thought it was
fireworks we thought it was fireworks
Liz knew that it was no that's kind of
shots well we knew instantly because the
the lady in front of us was shot right
so then we knew the lady in front of you
was shot yeah somebody threw me to the
ground and we crawled into groups you
just trying to get cover
I remember seeing glass but I don't know
and I just thought to myself okay don't
get shot don't cut yourself on class and
I was covered unfortunately in head to
toe with blood and not just mine that
was it's hard and I just knew I needed
to get it off me
a lady walked by with her phone and said
have you seen my son I can't find him
and I just turned white because I did
see her sight and I I couldn't tell her
that I was I feel like that wasn't my
place to tell her but also I was afraid
she would say grab my hand and say come
with me and show me where and so I feel
like that was selfish of me not to say
because I was scared for my own safety
that she was gonna take me back into the
venue and I didn't want to go back into
the venue and so I told her no I haven't
seen him
I mean she just kept on walking and I
think that that was one of my biggest
regrets how have you thought about that
recently I think about it every day
really yeah I think about it every day
when did you first decide hey we need
help me the day we came home and I said
there is this group and let's try that
because I at that point I was like if
there's 15 different things I can try
I'm gonna try something
I'll try all 15 of them because my head
is not screwed on straight right now
there are still people from from this
shooting who haven't left the house who
are not back to work they don't have
therapy they're not going out and
getting help dr. Shiva guide is uniquely
qualified to give them that help it's
not just her experience working with
combat trauma she was at the route 91
Festival - whether it was divine
intervention or just dumb luck I
don't know but I just found myself there
and I happen to be specialised in PTSD
and trauma I imagine that when you're
talking to fellow survivors of the
shooting that you're talking to them and
you're seeing symptoms probably that
feel very familiar from your work with
combat veterans absolutely so in terms
of treating trauma trauma is trauma is
trauma is trauma whether you have been
molested as a child or abused as a child
or you have been raped or you have been
in a domestic violence relationship or
in combat it's all the same it's about
the way that that traumatic experience
changed your worldview your belief
system the way that you interpret and
meaning from things in your life that's
ultimately what determines whether you
will be sick or whether you will recover
in this last month I've just been a
wreck it's like I'm constantly thinking
about it I'm always looking over my
shoulder I'm edgy emotional irritable I
feel like it's the first week if
feel like you're back to the beginning
you're not I promise you you're not
progress and recovery is not a linear
path it's a little up and down as we're
going uphill alright and that means that
you're gonna have some low points every
time something triggers you you put
yourself right where you are in reality
and you say what it really is
and over time it replaces the trigger
and now when I hear the sounds I go oh
yeah that's a jackhammer
I feel the tightness in my stomach but
I'm not down on the ground
sobbing looking for cover like if we're
in battle I understand okay why people
die I guess I guess my thinking further
why is that with what I did and where I
was in the situation it would let me
know why four people had to die in my
arms and Joe I can't imagine what that
was like for you I think that what you
did to stay with them was amazing and
that was a gift that you gave them they
did not die alone have you seen a
therapist about your experience I have
not I have not really yeah I mean I've
been open to it and I am still open if I
feel that I need to but I did what I
asked my patients to do which is to face
it
and to sit in it and sit with it and
power through it and not avoid it I
started the support group but make no
mistake I needed my community of route
91 survivors as much as they needed me
and I'm not sure that I could have
healed as well and as quickly without
them what has to happen for this to
never happen again I don't think there's
an answer to that yeah I don't think
that anything's gonna change it's not if
it's gonna happen again it's when it's
gonna happen again that's just the
bottom line I don't see any reason why I
stalled we'll say this any civilian
would ever need an automatic weapon but
are the laws gonna change
No
and is it healthy for us in our healing
no we'll never be who we were
October 1st at 10:04 we'll never be that
person again we're different people now
