tonight Trump on the defensive over
Syria old-fashioned discipline in
schools if he shown the battled and you
know they know he does have one and the
app that prescribes birth control
President Trump has removed as chief
strategist Steve Bannon from the
national security council the council
advises the President on us security and
foreign policy and is usually filled
with cabinet secretaries along with
other senior military and intelligence
officials Bannon still retains the
highest level security clearance in
front of a Senate committee today
homeland security chief john kelly
insisted that physical barriers actually
do work but he also said the wall
president Trump wants to build wouldn't
cover the full 2,000 mile us-mexico
border it's unlikely that we will build
a wall or physical barrier from sea to
shining sea in its first election since
police shot and killed Michael Brown in
2014 the city of Ferguson declined to
elect its first black mayor James
Knowles will retain his post he defeated
Ella Jones by 12 percent in the city
that's almost 70 percent black Knowles
was in office when Brown died and for
the black lives matter protests that
followed the Navy today temporarily
grounded its entire fleet of t45 jets
the main aircraft used in training Navy
and Marine pilots instructors had
refused to fly because the Jets oxygen
systems kept malfunctioning the Navy
says dozens of engineers are working on
the problem and the t45 should be flying
again on Monday Germany's government
passed a plan today allowing it to find
social networks like Facebook up to 53
million dollars if they don't quickly
take down hate speech posts pushed off
by the Hetzer dothis indians would sign
nets Vaca causal vanish Platts kavita's
off - positive fundus media and rights
groups say could open the door to a
crackdown on free speech
harrowing images of Tuesday's chemical
attack in northern Syria continue to
surface at least 70 people choked to
death and the Syrian Observatory for
Human Rights said that almost 1/3 of
those who died were children most of the
hospitals in Syria's Eid Lib province
have been destroyed by airstrikes and
doctors are scrambling to treat the
hundreds of patients in urgent need of
care the Syrian army categorically
denied that it used chemical weapons
Russia's Defense Ministry the Assad
regime's main military partner went a
step further and offered a counter
theory that conventional airstrikes hit
a rebel weapons depot that then leaked
poison gas at the United Nations
American UN Ambassador nikki Haley made
an emotional appeal to Assad's backers
in Moscow how many more children have to
die before Russia cares
she said if the UN doesn't respond that
individual states would be quote
compelled to take our own actions but it
didn't take long for the air to rush out
of Hailey's threat at an early afternoon
press conference at the White House
President Trump refused to offer any
specifics about what the United States
might do on its own the United States
stands with our allies across the globe
to condemn this horrific attack he again
blamed President Obama for leaving him a
mess and said that any new plans would
be kept secret militarily I don't like
to say where I'm going and what I'm
doing but the truth is the president
doesn't have any options he can't invade
Syria without starting a massive new
land war he can't bomb the Assad regime
out of power without huge civilian
casualties and he won't be able to
dissuade Russia and Iran from supporting
Assad even if he embraced the kind of
internationalist foreign policy that he
ran against so where does that leave the
new president stuck just like his
predecessor thank you
on Wednesday morning North Korea test
launched another ballistic missile into
the Sea of Japan the warning shot was
meant to show that the DPRK is ready for
a fight and its intended audience was
China in the United States whose leaders
will meet tomorrow at president Trump's
mar-a-lago estate Trump has said he
expects president xi jinping to help
rein in Pyongyang threatening
consequences on trade if China doesn't
step up but Trump hasn't done much to
make that threat credible Alexandre
Jaffe explains this is how Donald Trump
talked about China during the campaign
China taking our jobs taking our monies
we can't continue to allow China to rape
our country and that's what they're
doing just last week Trump tweeted a
warning the meeting next week with China
will be a very difficult one in that we
can no longer have massive trade
deficits that message was clear
President Xi better come tomorrow logo
ready to make concessions on trade or
else the US will do something but the
things the Trump administration has done
so far on trade aren't much Trump
promised to label China a currency
manipulator on his first day in office
that hasn't happened during the campaign
Trump also floated slapping a 45 percent
tariff on Chinese imports to tackle the
trade deficit he hasn't made any moves
in that direction either because he
can't that would require congressional
approval last week he did sign two
executive orders on trade but even those
didn't do much new one ordered the
Commerce Department and the US Trade
Representative who by the way it hasn't
been confirmed by the Senate yet to
write a report on what caused the trade
deficit dozens of those reports already
exists the other increased enforcement
of laws that bar foreign companies from
selling products in the u.s. at a lower
price than what they charged at home but
after all the empty talk of cracking
down on China and then Trump signing to
basically toothless executive orders
last week on trade
what reason does China have to worry
about the president the one promise
Trump did fulfill on day one of his
presidency was completely dropping the
trans-pacific partnership trade
agreement which was meant to align
China's neighbors with the u.s. instead
of Beijing backing out of that agreement
weakens America's bargaining position
with China the mar-a-lago meeting will
be a good opportunity for photo ops that
make it look like Trump and G are on the
same page but in reality on North Korea
and trade the issues that matter there's
little incentive for them to actually
get there
I'll show you know this might be on TV
but it's yeah it's it you know I would
never want to intimidate students but
there again if he shown the peddled and
you know they know he does have one
principal Dustin Evans runs bland high
school in North Texas his school
district still allows corporal
punishment while in recent years he's
relied less on paddling he has seen it
as an effective practice in the past
there are lawmakers in your state who
right now are debating you know
different ways to regulate corporal
punishment what do you think of that I
think it's gonna be hard to find a
policy that fits everybody you know just
a blanket policy I think it should be up
to the local school districts you've got
your rural schools your suburban schools
your urban schools and I think
everything's different the settings
different some parents want that and
some parents don't want that in the 22
states where in-school corporal
punishment is legal in the u.s.
regulation isn't uniform and can change
from one district to the next in Texas
it's outlawed in major cities like
Dallas and Austin but remains a popular
practice in more than 40% of school
districts to appease parents and
legislators who support a ban in 2011
the Texas Legislature required all
school districts to give parents the
ability to opt out a compromise that
hasn't worked out as planned in some
communities like DeSoto County just
outside of Dallas he gave me on navy
blue Millwall
he made me face the wall last year when
July just Smith was five years old his
kindergarten teacher paddled him with a
wooden board for sticking his tongue out
at another teacher July his mother had
signed an opt-out form how did you feel
when it was over there I got a little
scared of myself you were scared I was
furious
I was upset still to this day almost a
year later no explanation has been given
to myself or my husband striking a child
I don't believe it should be a resort
for a teacher
his school Meadows Elementary like all
schools in DeSoto County distributes
opt-out forms at the start of every
school year there's no requirement about
how schools in the state present the
form many parents don't even know it
exists 93% of parents in DeSoto County
who returned the form opt out when you
signed that opt-out form what did you
think that it represented and basically
you agree or you disagree I purposely
for some reason these particulars on my
mind say I put extra marks there I put
extra marks and circled it because
that's how much I disagree with it when
Smith found out that July gia had been
spanked anyway she reached out to local
and national politicians and plan to sue
the school and get the teacher fired but
an attorney at the Municipal Court
discouraged the family from taking legal
action
even with an opt-out form in place Texas
educators have fairly strong immunity in
corporal punishment cases as long as
there's no evidence of excessive force
or negligence July gia didn't have
bruises or signs of harm because it's
still part of the state law there's not
a lot of recourse for parents other than
if it was not administered in the
correct manner David Harris is the
superintendent of July just school
district Harris wouldn't say whether the
teacher who paddled jalaja was
disciplined the teacher in the meadows
elementary principal would not respond
to repeated requests for comment is an
opt-out form essentially useless so long
as Texas allows for corporal punishment
at a state level it shouldn't be but the
answer is answers yes and don't get me
wrong I don't want to say parents and
they don't have rights because they
certainly do have rights but the bottom
line is if it's gonna happen we want to
make sure it's done correctly
this year alone three Texas House
representatives have filed new bills to
ban or closely regulate corporal
punishment in schools representative
Eddie Lucio is one of them his bill HB
166 would ban the practice outright
there's no consistency right so corporal
punishment in one school district may be
a slap on the hand right in another
school district
it may involve a paddle it may involve
several strikings maybe there's a
disclosure and very fine print about
opting out of corporal punishment and it
happens what about that parent so a
child who has no real sane who's at the
mercy of their parents and
administrators were going to allow them
to be struck physically after July gia
was paddled Smith pulled him out of
Meadows Elementary and had him
homeschooled for three months the
district then transferred him to
Northside Elementary Marge Elijah says
he feels safe but the school is still in
DeSoto district which means that
corporal punishment is still allowed the
Smiths filled out another opt-out form
is it strange to switch from one school
to the next we're technically the same
thing could happen again yes boom we
don't feel safe we just have to educate
our kids and just sign a paper and hope
that it doesn't happen again
getting a prescription for birth control
generally requires a doctor's visit that
can be stressful and embarrassing
especially for young women now a new app
called nur X cuts out the office trip
entirely which raises a new question is
there such a thing as too accessible at
least an 18-year old high school senior
in a Chicago suburb for privacy she
didn't want to be identified by her full
name Ellie got birth control from her
boarding school health center without
her parents knowing but when she
transferred to the local high school she
didn't know how to get the pill and
couldn't get her parents to support the
effort don't were you having unprotected
sex yeah for a point of time I mean it's
just like sometimes it just ends up that
way ever since I've come home from
boarding school I have not had a birth
control I've had no way of getting it I
think I had like two leftover packages
from Andover and was like like spacing
them out yeah it was so bad I was like
this is not how it works I'll take a
pregnancy test every week I'm like
spending it unreal not the money on Plan
B did you ever want to talk to your
parents about it yeah I tried you so
many times I'm like desperately trying
to reach out to still now
like please help me please like have
this conversation with me or like advise
me like be my mom for a second and it's
just like no like shut down every time
what Ellie found was an app saying it
could prescribe and deliver birth
control even send Plan B via post mates
all without a visit to a doctor for the
usually required conversation and pap
smear with or without insurance and
certainly without her parents know am I
gonna get like tic tacs in the mail like
it's gonna be is this like a real like
qualified doctor talking to me although
it was an app it just felt so personal
like I was like wow I feel connected to
someone who like feels me like
understands what's happening here on the
other end of the chat is Jessica Knox a
doctor and neuraxis medical director
based 2,000 miles away in downtown San
Francisco so essentially the way it
works for patients they come to our
website they choose the medication that
they want to use so there's any
selection of birth control pills
emergency contraception also the patch
in the ring but if everything looks good
we can go ahead and write the
prescription it goes to one of our
partner pharmacies so there's a
potential that you could fill out the
form on the app and never even chat with
the doctor and still get a prescription
I mean sometimes that happens so we you
know for a lot of the young healthy
women who have no other issues going on
all they'll hear from us is hey thanks
for using Nurik so we've sent your
prescription to our partner pharmacy
here's what you need to know about using
your birth control a lot of men it does
I don't understand that it would be
stressful at all to get birth control
more like that the pharmacy relationship
is stressful or that going to the
doctor's office would be stressful yeah
how old do you have to be to use
interacts the age limitation depends on
the state that you're in
so in California girls as young as 12
years old can get a birth control
prescription without their parents
consent when you actually have a bunch
of teenagers ordering birth control
through an app mm-hmm it's gonna be a
little disturbing to people yeah it is
my optimistic self wants to say like Oh
it'll normalize things like maybe it'll
make eventually it'll make it less
stigmatic
Nurik says medical buy-in the American
College of Obstetricians and
Gynaecologists told me they support
lowering barriers to birth control hans
gank Ascar neuraxis co-founder and CEO
wants to get people used to using an app
as their doctor for a lot of things
aren't there some benefits to seeing a
doctor I mean if you're twelve-year-old
going in to get the pill
wouldn't it be beneficial to physically
talk to a doctor in the same room and
have that conversation that human
conversation I call that kind of thing
hostage care like if you're saying we're
gonna hold your birth control hostage
because we want to do all this other
stuff but we want to do it or perhaps in
there we want to sit down and talk to
you but if you lose a lot of those
patients by requiring that and holding
their birth control hostage then you
have to ask yourself how important is
the other stuff and how important is the
birth control Ellie's been dating her
boyfriend for the past year they run the
campus radio station together they are
not pregnant
Pepsi just released half-heartedly
defended then deleted their latest ad
it's going to need a closer look we open
on a rooftop
wait a second rewind did you catch that
clever bit of subliminal advertising
anyway the rooftop a cellist plays
before moving downstairs because his
passion for its craft needs to be
contained within four walls for a bit
below a movement is stirring people are
marching and holding signs saying join
the conversation and love so you know
this is a very specific cause they're
marching for a woman in a hijab sits in
her studio and is drawing all over her
photos she is what they refer to as a
mixed-media artist meanwhile kendall
Jenner is trying to pretend in the
commercial as in life to be a
high-fashion model but with the out of
control protests happening right next to
her she's easily distracted from her
work the chaos of the crowd also
disturbs the cellist who must be doing
pretty great as a cellist judging by all
that floor space and he grabs a
masculine black can of Pepsi and walks
out onto his balcony to witness the
historic counterculture movement below
two women eat brunch because if this ad
proves anything it's that protest is
truly the new brunch the Muslim
photographer has a moment of frustration
with all the photos she took the other
day why bother with any of these when
history is happening right outside her
door she runs downstairs grabs her
camera and heads outside to document the
horrific and bloody reality of this
March this is the harrowing story of a
city where Pepsi public assembly and
music have all been outlawed the
punishment for which is death in an
inspirational moment of public
disobedience to illegal dancers and the
illegal guitarist and illegal cellist
perform an illegal protest song in the
streets
it's a heroic moment but the unfortunate
reality is that they'll soon be arrested
and put to death the cellist now a
fugitive passes Kendall's government
sanctioned photo shoot they identify
each other as leaders of the resistance
and Kendall decides it's time to reveal
her true identity as the undercover CEO
of pet
Pepsi CEO kendall Jenner walks through
the crowd while at a frame other brave
protesters are being shot and killed for
the cause
Kendall manages to evade the gunfire it
finds a massive contraband stash of
Pepsi with a street value of 15 dollars
she walks to the head of her brand sorry
movement as the Muslim spy Shadows her
through the crowd
CEO kendall Jenner reaches the police
line illegal can of Pepsi in hand and
gives the evidence covered with her
fingerprints to the police officer the
police officer takes a sip
work Kendall and the rest of the crowd
erupting Cheers
their hope for the ruling class will
finally understand the possession of a
controlled Pepsi shouldn't be a crime
punishable by death the police officer
turns to his colleague they have all the
evidence they need the trial of kendall
Jenner will begin tomorrow drink Pepsi
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
April 5th
