bitcoin is a product of the Great
Recession a way to circumvent financial
institutions and governments and
transact directly with people all over
the world but now the underlying
technology that made the cryptocurrency
possible blockchain is being used by the
very same institutions who was meant to
disrupt bitcoin is an anti-establishment
currency the motivations of the people
who put it out there were heavily
libertarian very much against the old
financial order and viewing banks as an
enemy and trying to restore power to an
individual in a society where they
increasingly seem to be voiceless
bitcoins libertarian appealed is enabled
by a technology called blockchain
blockchain is an accounting innovation
that eliminates institutional middlemen
and their fees from transactions by
transferring bookkeeping
responsibilities from a central
authority like banks to an open
peer-to-peer network proponents say it's
faster cheaper and more secure and has
the potential to upend the financial
industry if you consider what happened
to the music industry when iTunes and
peer-to-peer file-sharing came in you
may remember record stores
that's how banks sort of look at their
position right now
what banks are waiting for blockchain
technology to put them out of business
instead they're trying to use the
technology for their own purposes
accounting firm Accenture estimates that
blockchain technology can reduce big
bank infrastructure by 30 percent for 8
to 12 billion dollars annually that's
one reason why financial institutions
are pouring so much money into
developing blockchain
more than 1.4 billion last year but the
blockchains corporations are building
our clothes
that means they control who can access
the system and they can even make any
that's completely different from
bitcoins blockchain
but Adam Ludwig was developing
blockchain technology for companies like
Nasdaq Citigroup and Visa makes no
apologies for borrowing from Bitcoin if
anyone is disappointed in the fact that
so-called mainstream organizations are
adopting this technology I think it's
basically sour grapes over maybe the
lack of immediate world
being in math of new prep they'll
grantee Ludwin argues that you want your
financial institutions to have secured
closed off networks that play nice with
government regulators even if that is
antithetical to the original mission of
early blockchain advocates you may in
long run have block chains becoming very
powerful tools of government and this
would be exactly the opposite of what
the creators of Bitcoin probably had in
mind and that's one of the major
challenges that innovators face you can
introduce a new technology but you can't
necessarily control how it evolves
