China is well known for its love of
medicinal herbs and supplements and one
of the more popular ones on the market
is a plant called maca small tiny
beautiful Jimmy jump assemble maca
sellers claim that the root increases
fertility sexual stamina and cures
cancer and other ailments thanks to
these alluring properties maca sales in
China have surged in recent years
jumping more than a thousand percent
from 2013 to 2014 but maca is is from
China it's actually native exclusively
to Peru and the people there aren't
exactly profiting from the increase in
demand Ariel do em Ross traveled to Peru
to find out why this is mean a Highland
province improved 13,000 feet above sea
level this is where maca comes from
expected autonomic the negative effects
as one of the only plants that can
survive at such high altitudes it's a
critical piece of the local culture and
economy
Dora is a fourth-generation maca farmer
vivimos de la montagne mama sinestro
six-legged ooh Coco la marca solamente
Ora la venta Nadine Tammy a few years
ago Chinese merchants could be found in
towns across the hooning region buying a
fresh market in market we've been en
Casa camioneta los chinos Yahweh's nose
ain't robbing PO ready for los lugares
donde esta bansemer ADO's lo comp Robin
C alpha precious it became so prevalent
the proven news even referred to
recreations depicting Chinese bio
pirates purchasing marker este nuevo
Parque de la Pio period area
international k boosts Energon antia lo
que nos Generosa Tierra / wanna know so
crazy last year that change Chinese
merchants disappeared from the region
and for local farmers and sellers it was
clear why doth Mills SE se ya bajo la ma
pienso yo personal que el Sueno Vado la
semilla
yonce emberato también en su país yo
ya tengo Masonic speeches emoji seguro
que serán de nuestros hijos porque no
Amazon product o Kunene solamente la
marca in laguna verde
Ichigo Ichie newly to give um sausage
the Chinese started growing their own
masa crop a practice that violates
international protocol this is the man
who's been charged for stopping them so
these are all the patents that networks
has on maca go to okay you're even
keeping the envelope that is worth
acquittal okay Peter needs we're gonna
De Angelis Valladolid runs one of the
only biopiracy task forces in the world
his job is to make sure Peruvians
benefit whenever plants like maca are
used abroad most of his work involves
sifting through patents filed around the
world looking for anyone trying to
illegally use maca entre los llanos dog
milk attersee
a la fecha el número Nelson issued a
patent a sobre Marcos increment ADO's
una manera en or b especial meant a tina
inept o los dias a university to a
potential so dramatic every single day
there was a new patent that would file
and also they know those who dream of
science but if you come in an
international agreement called the
degorio protocol explicitly gives
governments the right to challenge these
patents it was signed by 92 countries in
2014 and states that the genetic code of
any plants or animal that unique to a
country is the intellectual property of
the people of that country this means
that when maca is used abroad Peruvians
like Dora are entitled to some kind of
royalties or benefit sharing this
doesn't just apply to maca though more
than 70 percent of new drugs including
large-scale pharmaceuticals like sudafed
or aspirin are based on components found
in nature which makes the most
biodiverse parts of the world extremely
valuable and the people who live there
vulnerable when undress and his team
find a patent that involves maca they
try to shut it down or negotiate so far
however it's been an uphill battle some
companies don't even bother responding
for the letters and attempts to dissolve
patents can drag on
in the last 13 years the biopiracy task
force has only gone after 24 patents
18 of which they've been able to have
either dismissed or rejected las normas
santo natural knowledge community or
nationalists sicken templum de que los
Pollos indigenous put an open-air
beneficios has any of that happened have
have indigenous communities in Peru
gotten any benefit cement en el mercado
dresses Norma's que te digo todavía no
hemos tenido UN caso de beneficio
directo otra vez de el acceso super
kudos phrenetic O's wall conocimiento
traditional estamos trabajando few
cemente en este tema
