so now what we're going to do is take a
little bit of milk out of each sheet and
we're going to have a look at that milk
okay I'm gonna give this a try I am
getting quart of oh there we go
all right I'm milking camel
this is a camel dairy farm when Lauren
Brisbane started at four years ago it
was the only commercial one in Australia
it's been difficult because Australians
aren't naturally adventurous
particularly in new food types getting
the farm up and running wasn't easy but
not as hard as you'd expect notably
because Australia is actually full of
camels in the 1860s Afghan camel herders
were hired to help explore the country's
desert landscapes bringing thousands of
camels with them but with the advent of
trains and cars camels soon became
obsolete so they were released into the
wild fast forward to the early 2000s
Australia was home to more than a
million camels which was a problem
because those camels caused ten million
dollars in environmental damage each
year according to the government so
officials tried to stop them by killing
thousands of camels in 2010 but Lauren
felt there was a better way she saw
camels as a cash cow there's a worldwide
need for camel milk there's a there's a
general knowledge around the world the
health benefits so a lot of people were
looking for it it doesn't cause a lot of
the dysfunction or the allergy reaction
that you get from you know dairy cow
dairy milk so it's easier to digest
research on camel milk is still very
scarce there's only limited evidence to
suggest that camel milk might have
unique nutritional properties and
overall the jury's still out right now
how much does a leader of Kettleman go
for it varies but our milk generally Kew
camel milk generally sells for around
$25 a litre okay but that's pretty
expensive compared to cow's milk
ah look I think it's expensive because
camels don't produce a lot of milk and
the way that you operated dairy is
completely different but it's a very
high-end healthy product and to produce
that properly is expensive
camel milk has been popular in the
Middle East at Africa for thousands of
years but Australia is nowhere close to
cracking the list of top producers
Lauren thinks she can help expand the
products reach beyond being just a fad
so we had a chat with her target
audience would you be willing to try the
camel milk today yeah all right sure
what do you think it actually tastes a
lot like darts milk without the pungent
taste would you pay $25 for a liter of
camel milk maybe once and then see how I
got okay it's like four times the Amanda
almond milk and I guess as a novelty
it's alright but yeah on a regular basis
Laurens farm isn't the only one of its
kind around a dozen other camel dairies
have popped up in Australia since 2014
and the industry is growing according to
one report it's projected to grow by 7%
globally each year for the next five
years
there we go darling quick thank you but
Lauren says her approach is different
from some of the bigger farms every
afternoon camel cuddling is part of the
job really well that is quite a burden
it is horrible yeah very
was really great coming from a
perspective that we weren't dairy people
because we looked at camels as camels
and we looked at their needs if they're
we're going to to milk it what do they
actually need is an animal and you got
love to cuddle analyze okay this is
crazy
and from your perspective is is this
doing well where we're breaking even at
the moment and arlynn we're just popping
over into the profit sector so when you
start anything it's always difficult but
it's certainly moving along in a nice
direction let's put it that way
you
