music alright I'm getting picnic but
this seems like a breakup song no man it
sounds good to be saying you know that I
can't be sad listen to this I feel like
moving on you know saying like BAM I
just found somebody better and I'm gonna
put the picture on Instagram to make my
eggs feel bad and I'm not gonna unfollow
them you know thinking I want them to
see I'm not gonna do a heartbreak you is
a nigga penis bar he said Versace
walkie-talkie in the Oval Office this is
what we get higher music you can't take
that away from breast disco boy
this harness in this container
may as well make me thank Michael
Jackson's in the jungle and anybody just
slide off this bitch right know that RP
I know this been in a couple movies
about New York they'd probably be people
dancing in the street yes I'm saying
like slap my Birds probably go in a
circle like this but all alone together
it's not like this could be just thought
a family that's brother Peter Griffin
gonna be singing is this for real this
that what it sound like really I guess a
family guy doing a whole skill on this
guy they want to loo us cave and this
will be playing they'll be dancing is
you
