the singer-songwriter st. Vincent has
toured with Sufjan Stevens made an album
with David Byrne and won a Grammy as a
solo artist and now she's the first
woman to design her own line of
signature guitars Mary HK Choi went to
Los Angeles to see what it's like to
build an instrument from the ground up
for an instrument that's been around
since before the 15th century you think
the modern guitar would have seen a lot
of changes precious few innovations have
been made available outside of custom
models left-handed players like Jimi
Hendrix restrung right-handed guitars to
accommodate his style and when Kurt
Cobain was asked why he seemed to favor
inexpensive guitars he said that was
what he could afford before offers of
personalized guitars came in any Clarke
better known as st. Vincent is the first
woman ever to create her own electric
guitar for the mass market it's a big
step in changing expectations of the
traditionalist canon of guitar a bunch
of dudes arguing the merits of a strat
versus a Les Paul
when we say that this is like the first
guitar of a time that's been created by
women we're not saying expressly that
it's only for women right no it's not
I think I'm partly responsible for the
press story that became that that I made
a guitar only for women because I joking
on Instagram check out my new guitar you
know there's room for a breast or two
you know like I thought I was making
absurdist joke but this could heart went
out to people like Dave Grohl and back
in like Omar from the mars volta yeah
he's ripping it after the initial
drawings and a lot of talk about pickups
and wood and color and ergonomics pretty
much every week there would be a new
prototype for me to check out so we kept
making adjustments and making sure that
the balance felt right and making sure
that it was a comfortable to play
sitting and it was standing up yeah get
your guitar they can do both yeah
exactly
coming in and assuring a kind of guitar
heyday saint vincent cites grunge metal
and classic rock like Led Zeppelin as
influences but self marginalizes a young
female player there was that kind of
explosion of quote-unquote women and
music there were a couple guitar brands
that purported to cater specifically to
women and they were like pink very
flower Jade as a kid like trying to work
out Pantera riffs I was so offended
where do you hope this guitar will live
in the sort of pantheon of guitars
I wanted people to actually play it and
not have it be like well it's this totem
of this guitar player I like but
actually like make their own things with
it it really was a great player guitar I
mean I play it the only thing I play now
and not for any other reason than I just
lay early for vanity you're going to get
out of it exactly Ernie Ball Music Man
is the company behind the st. Vincent
model they've been crafting guitars in
California since 1984 and collaborated
directly
st. Vincent this isn't like a white
label situation where someone's like hey
would you put your name on this side
yeah so soup-to-nuts you created this
thing yeah no it's not a it's not a
celebrity endorsement deal like stand
next to this thing hold it like tabula
rasa
you know cards lunch go for it
