I pledge to every citizen of our land
that I will be president for all
Americans the election of Donald Trump
sent a shock wave through the trans
community and one month into office he
withdrew the Obama administration's
federal bathroom guidance former
attorney general Loretta Lynch has been
a leading advocate for the trans
community why should this be viewed as a
civil rights issue because this issue of
how we treat transgender people in our
community in particular how we treat
transgender students in our schools
relates to how our government is going
to interact with people whom we perceive
to be different we've made such great
progress in so many areas of civil
rights accepting people for who they are
and when you see that temptu roll back
that change through the use of the law
that's exactly when the Department of
Justice has to step in one of the main
opposing arguments is that predators
could go into say a girl's bathroom
making parents feel that their
children's safety is at risk what is
your response to that of course we want
to protect our children from people who
are going to prey on them in a bathroom
in a school but that's not the basis for
the violence that we see directed
against children it's not coming from
the transgender community the reality is
it's a sad reality the transgender
individuals in this country are much
more likely to be the victims of
violence than the perpetrators of
violence
you
