in the heavily Catholic Philippines
clergy members are beginning to rise up
against president Rodrigo Duterte his
ruthless drug war but the priests are
also fighting against a 2012 law to
provide free contraception to the
country's 100 million people many of
whom are desperately poor
Duterte who once bragged about throwing
a man out of a helicopter isn't your
typical progressive but this January he
stepped in to enforce that law with an
executive order to ensure access to
reproductive health and sexual education
opening a new front in his battle with
the church and the country's
conservatives inside one of the busiest
maternity wards in the world
nurse John Paul Domingo counsels young
mothers on the benefits of family
planning
birth control has long been available in
the Philippines but for decades only a
sliver of the population could afford it
in January president rodrigo duterte
signed an executive order that will make
contraception free for everyone by 2018
in an effort to reduce poverty
nationwide is this something that you
planned
family planning is very important here
in the buildings because mothers you
have five babies six babies sometimes 13
babies the Philippines is one of few
countries that has seen an increase in
adolescent birth rates and maternal
mortality is also higher before the
executive order went into effect women
who couldn't afford birth control tried
cheap and potentially risky alternatives
like these herbal potions sold in many
of manila's markets alongside crosses
and religious charms
these health care workers are taking to
the streets to distribute free birth
control and contraceptives information
so one of the main reasons why duterte
is pushing for this contraception to be
available it's because of the economic
situation facing women in communities
like this who are having large numbers
of children and not be able to community
mobilizers like Nene oh my and go
door-to-door in poor neighborhoods where
families earn just a few dollars a day
they also help transport women to nearby
clinics to get the services they need
before January's executive order velika
and Center for Women's Health an NGO was
one of few places where low-income women
could get access to all kinds of
contraceptives free of charge 36
year-old General in Iran is a mother of
seven how difficult is it for you to
raise children
in your situation love said that I'm not
that happy she came here to have this
contraceptive implant inserted in her
arm but the church and conservative
congressman continue to challenge do
tanzy's executive order I'm sorry Tanya
I a thief in a gun I think Tina
Vanga who Mufasa yes I think Elizabeth
Bishop Broderick pabulum is one of many
high-ranking public figures opposed to
the executive order what do you think
the church's responsibility is here we
have deep laddies to feed the faithful
to make their own proper choices but if
they choose to have contraceptives
that's something that you're
discouraging discouraging contraception
very encouraging natural family planning
methods but this is obviously it's not
working that's why we have a great great
work to do now even in the church we
acknowledge that we have a great work to
do educating the people don't you think
your position on contraceptives
undermines that I mean I don't think so
because I think I've said we had awfully
another another way
another method which we think is better
Hospital 4725 ready the congressman Jose
at the ends a junior of the life party
is one of a handful of politicians
leading the legal battle to block access
to contraception in the Supreme Court
minors should not be given any condom to
use but he should be taught good manners
a red condom what if they're having sex
there are mothers in these neighborhoods
that are 15 16 eyes no product of a
Filipino family I learned my sex
education in my home with my father
guiding me and he never taught me bring
along a condom just in case you need
children should be more involved with
sports physical development mental
character build up not sex but community
health workers say those resisting the
executive order are putting politics of
the women's science they equate
contraception with abortion and
therefore they want it to be totally
illegal they're forcing women not to use
contraception but that would be driving
them into unintended and even unwanted
pregnancies which actually cause
abortions and there are so many poor and
the poorest know that contraceptives
help them help women help their families
and help against poverty
