Monday is President's Day good time for
Americans to reflect upon an important
question in a math knife fight to the
death between every American president
who would win and why here's a breakdown
from writer Jeff Mix he's given a lot of
thought to the matter George Washington
commanding presence strong physique
military training viewed as a hero by
everyone asked to shank him he makes top
ten without question my money is on
Jackson came the one who murders Thomas
Jefferson's he'd make a good show of it
but he was a bit of a dandy
middle-of-the-pack
but his dying words would be incredibly
quotable John Quincy Adams the man had a
murderer's face
a murderer's eyes and a murderer's
haircut based on these characteristics
alone he makes top-down Andrew Jackson
his nickname was Old Hickory because he
walked around town with a bludgeon back
to the untrained eye looked like a
walking stick a man who can beaten
assassin bloody with a cane is going to
be a murder machine when provided with
William Henry Harrison the man's most
famous for dying on his 32nd day in
office every president after him
considers him Keith they'll be hunted
down and eliminated early Abraham
Lincoln was a big guy who knew how to
wrestle and he's the childhood hero of
many other presidents who won't see the
goddess tab on a fav Grover Cleveland
paid a man 150 dollars so he didn't have
to fight in the Civil War I'm going to
say he's among the first 20 days
Theodore Roosevelt likes personal
favorite to come out on top anyone who
gets shot at start of a long speech and
delivers the whole thing anyway has the
tenacity to endure more than a few
nicely Franklin D Roosevelt has a pretty
impressive wheelchair and that's going
to protect a lot of his vital organ give
him a low center of gravity and
otherwise lend him a tad said it's not
available to other presidents George W
Bush would team up with his father
George HW Bush and a two of them at
their prime would be a match for just
about anyone
that said when george w bush stumbled
his father will overextend himself
trying to help
they'll die within moments of each other
surrounded by heaps of their foes barack
obama is not a scrapper we try to
negotiate an end to hostilities and
while he was seeking a middle ground
some loon would get the better of him
