this morning a car packed with
explosives blew up in southern Baghdad
killing at least 48 people in the third
suicide attack in the Iraqi capital in
just three days Isis has claimed
responsibility for the barrage of
bombings which the group has been
stepping up after being dislodged from
its Iraqi strongholds particularly their
grand prize Mosul where Iraqi coalition
forces recently liberated the eastern
half of the city an Isis suicide bomb
killed 14 people and wounded 30 in East
Mosul last Friday shattering the sense
of security that had been building but
even faced with that constant threat
residents there are determined to resume
their lives while under Isis control
more than 1 million residents including
600,000 children effectively became
prisoners Mosul schools were either
closed or forced to teach an Isis
approved curriculum more than 30 schools
have now reopened and another 40 are
expected to open in coming weeks
mrs. hooter was a teacher in Mosul when
Isis took over
she was gradually putting her class back
together without Isis kept this school
open their actions many of the student
their homes when you say things became
hard Oh what do you mean what happened
yeah the diesel elementary school for
girls also in the Mosul neighborhood of
alder whore
is another school reopening in the city
it used to have two hundred and sixty
students but with many of the other
schools destroyed over 400 have arrived
at their gates since eastern Mosul was
officially liberated students of all
grades are eager to return to their
studies after almost three years of
conflict and occupation
in June 2014 when Isis stormed the city
life continued relatively normally for
those trapped inside but gradually harsh
new rules were strictly enforced during
the occupation many teachers were forced
to work against their will
Campbell began her mother then down
captain
Cap'n and Medeiros and inalienable
German and notably of McCafferty Malema
lets me down only my down Yahoo ha you
should knock over on a bubble Madrasi
ice is created and printed their own
curriculum and for students and teachers
to follow it a radical interpretation of
Islamic law strategic geography and
biographies of Isis leaders replaced
traditional classes on history
literature music and art I saw beyond oh
I'm gonna go to show for under Harry
could she added and any businessman
leader like Morgan then eh algae had it
has a button whenever Hotel it super
menagerie it Maria the axial are there I
felt Commons and the cell we said this
hello Alma factor - keen hand health -
min home Lin mecanomoto gene the small
Qaeda a good honest and in traditional
digit cottage Vista will allow interest
rehalia noted astronomer Nia Paulo Blair
Rocco Carlo mr. Billa
they also enforced military training
with lessons on weapons and urban
fighting in addition to returning to
Iraq national curriculum most teachers
will also need to provide psychological
support to a generation exposed to the
horrors of life under Isis ok Apsara hi
Annie a thorough correcting Lieber so
Hamlet Raja show a llama Tonkawa will
but Lola clear Sarge my chakra will
Butte sharp every day for him to me
Omo ah one of my wife corn a bit varmint
I blow it away the finally they will
modify them not believe me inshallah
Metallica traffic will mean
but much of Mosul infrastructure is in
tatters the schools administration is
attempting to source books stationary
and the money for teachers salaries
elsewhere some of motions rich heritage
is beyond repair this was the central
library of the University of Mosul the
largest one here it was filled with many
books scientific books historical books
in February 2015 Isis fighters stormed
the University of Moses library burning
over 8,000 books and 112 thousand
ancient manuscripts the library
established in 1921 as a symbol of the
birth of a modern Iraq was also set on
fire when Isis came they did nothing to
the place after a while the radical
thought we can't clear they took all
belongings of this library took it
outside then they burned it in front of
his students and their car demux
academics and the teachers but no they
forced everybody to watch my head amia
Saeed was a teacher in Mosul before Isis
took over after month living under their
rule he fled the city with his young
family so they destroy our heritage is
there is there a single book left yeah
there's one I think the only survivors
out outside long we saw come in
literally one works around yeah so
survivor
