America was until this past generation a
white country the recent surfacing of
white supremacist groups in Washington
and around the country has spread fear
among minorities many of whom are
already alarmed by widely shared videos
of racially charged violence at Trump
campaign rallies and now gun clubs and
self-defense groups geared towards
minorities are reporting spikes and
membership
it's one thing shooting at the range but
while you're shooting it you know I'm
thinking about like what if I actually
have to pull this thing out
am I gonna be ready will I be you know
so frightened that I can't even hold it
Pamela Henry bought a gun two weeks
after the election and joined the
National african-american gun
Association and Wow
Pamela is an educator and a mother of
two boys living in the suburbs of
Atlanta Georgia her family watched as
Trump's rise coincided with increased
visibility for white nationalists and
outright figures oh you know what did
you do how about some adjectives and
adverbs you live in such a nice place
what do you need firearms for it's as if
hateful people have been given my the
go-ahead to go all right guys you don't
have to hide behind behind that mask
anymore let's let it out we had talked
about getting a firearm before just for
home safety and we said you know last
night let's not take any chances and at
least we can defend ourselves many black
people Hispanic people my Muslim friends
you know we're just hurt you know beyond
measure and frightened men our brains
were going to all the extremes as to you
know what could happen
it is a 357 magnum made by Ruger
Pamela hides the revolver under her bed
hoping she'll never have to use it do
you think there are a lot of people of
color buying firearms right now for the
same sort of politically motivated
reason yes either they've already
purchased it and were they definitely
thought about it so now it's we're sort
of like pulling from the stories that
we've heard and that we're horrifying
when we heard them but we thought we
never
to deal with that you know we're moving
on we're progressing
I would love for us to just introduce
ourselves like what brought you here
recently pamela attended the launch of a
new gun club created to serve black
women where many were motivated by
personal stories let's look at the spike
in violence against us since this person
came into office he who shall remain
unnamed two of my girlfriends have been
attacked one of my girlfriends in New
York City somebody actually tried to
grab her by the on the subway you
know another girlfriend of mine good
Muslim a girl loved her someone snatched
her a jab off in the middle of just like
shopping at Walmart you think these are
things that you hear on the news this is
actually happening to us Georgia is one
of five states without a hate crime law
and federal data measuring hate crimes
in 2016 has yet to be released today
well armed Empress's founder ty Shaw
says that while the election made many
anxious African Americans have been
keenly aware of race-based violence long
before Trump came into office they say
because of this political climate they
feel more inclined or there's more of a
sense of urgency I would say I agree and
disagree with that because there's a
place where being black period whether
you're a black man or a woman in America
if now if it takes until 2017 to wake
you up and think and remind you that
your self defense should be a priority
that's amazing to me white Americans are
still more than twice as likely to own
guns than African Americans but since
the election some gun groups have
noticed a marked increase in membership
the National african-american gun
Association had been getting an average
of 700 members a month in 2016 then in
the two weeks after the election their
membership jumped by 1000 the group's
president said it was an unprecedented
spike what has happened in this most
recent election cycle that's made people
of color think I need to be armed I can
tell you without question friends groups
twelve months ago or 24 months ago are
now the mainstream we see groups that
typically you wouldn't hear from or kind
of
the shadows they are now in the
forefront in some cases there in the
white house do you worry at all that
people sort of all become afraid and
they all armed up that there's sort of
an eye-for-an-eye
kind of culture to it I hope not based
on what I've seen now no but obviously
we don't if you're not doing our due
diligence and making sure that we have
the right conversations and the right
legislation that's put in place that
could happen but we can't let our
emotions of the day and at the moment
kind of carry us away where we going
down to direction you know that's going
to be very very violent for everybody
and I think that's not healthy
Pamela knows that got in the house is
risky but being prepared for the unknown
feels more important do your children
know where you keep this my oldest does
mmm
mainly because again we leave them at
home so are we just supposed to leave
them unprotected you know generally
people aren't how to get you you know
the small percentage of I think people
that really want to harm you I think
it's small but the group think is so
powerful that's what scares me it's it's
the seed at least we can protect our
family
