for short story fans George Saunders is
a kind of God he's gone the genius grant
and the New York Times called his last
collection 10th of December the best
book you'll read this year saunders his
new book Lincoln in the bardo out today
will prove to be more divisive it's as
long-awaited first novel but it's not
just a lengthened version of a saunders
short story it's a supernatural play
novel hybrid narrated by a Greek chorus
of meddlesome ghosts looming over
Abraham Lincoln visiting his dead
eleven-year-old son Willy but somehow as
absurd as it is poignant twenty years
ago I was in DC with my wife and we were
just driving past Oak Hill Cemetery and
her cousin kind of pointed up to the
hill and said all that crypt right there
is where Willy Lincoln was buried for a
while like who's willing Lincoln and
then she said this detail that Lincoln
had apparently gone into the crypt to
hold the body so I heard that sometime
in the 90s at the time I I was pretty
sure I didn't have the chops to write it
in the book which takes place the
evening Willy is entombed the president
is having the worst night in the worst
month of his life the casualty lists
from the Great War which are immense
have been disclosed Willy
sweet and sunny and life is not having a
great night either the bardo this
transitional state or purgatory is
perilous ghosts young and old
deteriorate there
the first rule about being in the bardo
is you if you're a kid you're not
supposed to linger there at all you're
kind of a real simple innocent being and
you're supposed to just scoot off to
heaven and don't don't blend you're here
because it's dangerous and if you are a
kid and you stay you kind of get a
little bit like possessed basically you
get degraded into this most demonic
being over time possibly you could
forget the beautiful things in your life
and then along with that there can
sometimes be a degradation of language
the thing about these Bardo beings is
that they're they're a little bit like a
drunk at a bar
you're only part yourself you're almost
like a little bit of a broken record
your personhood gets a little degraded
by your urge to repeat so it's a little
bit of a hellish realm because they
can't not tell their stories but you
know they
to be dead Saunders needed 166 narrators
to create a sufficient cross-section of
a war-torn America including those of
dead slaves in an unmarked mass grave
but what was tricky for the page became
impossibly unwieldy for the audio book I
just had the thought of this voice you
know this Chicago weird voice reading
166 I had like you know I can't I can do
like three I can do an old man I can do
a little kid and I can maybe do like a
yeah I mean I could do like three voices
tall
Saunders and his producer Kelly gildea
are now set to break the Guinness record
for the most number of voice actors
featured with a cast including Oscar
winners like Julianne Moore as well as
Don Cheadle and fellow author David
Sedaris
it also features Saunders as parents
wife kids and two of his high school
teachers you learn a lot about why
people went Oscar's because they go in
there and they just open things up so I
really like that you know the idea that
you could have a book about America
about this graveyard full of you know a
very diverse graveyard full of all kinds
of ghosts and then have that had that
delivered by people from every walk of
life and every job and it was really
it's really wonderful
