a Secretary of Education de Vos is
expected to be a major booster for
charter schools which are publicly
funded but operate like private
businesses it's up to the states to
regulate them and figure out which ones
are successful but in Louisiana where
charters proliferated after Hurricane
Katrina the state is still learning how
to tell the good schools from the bad
come up over have you brushed your teeth
have you fixed your hair I'm good on
your shoes have you tied them y'all
ready time to go
Stacy ante has three boys all of them
have severe dyslexia not too long ago
she wasn't sure whether her oldest
Coleman would ever be able to
comfortably read a book in kindergarten
I noticed something was just a little
bit different with him he couldn't rhyme
if you would say I'm something with that
he'd come back with tab right there in
the tub his teachers would just say oh
he's a boy he'll get it he filled first
grade so he had to repeat and he would
come home and he would say mom mama
stupid nobody else in my class is stupid
on a winter stand in 2013 she enrolled
Coleman at a charter school called
Louisiana key Academy which was founded
to teach students with dyslexia at the
time it was a gamble the school had just
opened I love you all have a great day
has there been a big difference between
his previous school and the school do
set now absolutely he came home after
the first a week and he said mom there's
this little boy and he has trouble
beating and then there's this little
girl and she has trouble reading too and
they're just like me I kept it in there
:
number one to let be number one again
ready since enrolling Coleman has
learned to read thanks in large part to
the resources key Academy offers final
stable syllables are
and so how are we going to covered every
single one of these when our if three
hundred students are taught in small
groups where they learn how to decode
the English language and get one-on-one
tutoring with language therapists say it
for me one more time same conscious the
school is full of stories like Coleman's
it's just remarkable to see the
difference that it's made in him he
thinks that he is a creative sitting on
the face of the earth which is what all
children should feel like but this past
December the state threatened to close
the school in Louisiana new charter
schools need to prove in their third
year that they deserve to have their
charter license renewed and Louisiana
Key Academy got an F on its assessment
what about the first and second graders
ever going to be able to stay right and
yes for dr. Laura Cassady one of the key
academies founders this was hard to hear
what went through your mind when you
learned is the school got an F on the
state assessment to me you're saying our
kids are stupid
or you're saying our teachers aren't
doing their job which I don't believe
either is true in Louisiana schools that
teach grades 1 through 8 are judged
almost entirely by how they perform on a
state standardized test for children
with dyslexia time tests designed for
students without learning disabilities
or daunting do you feel like the way in
which the school was assessed then might
not be fair because of the
specialization of the school yes
definitely
it it's stressful for them and the
teachers and then when they say oh what
do you tell the parents the kids and the
teachers because it is not really
indicative I thought that they would do
away with the grade system no no no
absolutely not I think accountability is
huge
the dilemma facing both the school and
Louisiana's Department of Education is a
problem that looms over charter school
systems throughout the country since
1992 when charters were first introduced
they've grown quickly in popularity
the families don't always know what
they're signing up for because charter
schools proposed their own rules and
curricula and have much more discretion
than traditional public schools about
how they use federal funds
at home the problem is compounded by the
fact that there's no universal standard
of what actually makes a charter good
accountability varies not just by state
across different school authorities in
the same state there's a big question
which is who gets to decide what makes a
good school there's a lot that parents
can't see it's hard to know whether your
kid is being served as well in the
school as he might be in a different
school down the street there is a risk
that when we start bending on the ways
that we evaluate school quality that any
school can make a claim that its own
students are kind of different or harder
to educate in some way is there a
nightmare scenario with states allowing
specialized schools to dictate how
they're being assessed so some would say
that the nightmare scenario is that the
state essentially loses control and will
just allow schools to say well we'll
decide what is a true measure of whether
or not we're performing well when
Louisiana's Department of Education saw
that key Academy had gotten an F it
wasn't sure what to do a lot of people
first said well clearly they're not
meeting the standards that we usually
use to evaluate a regular school but
it's not a regular school James Garvey
has been the president of Louisiana's
board of elementary and secondary
education since January of 2016
he likes to call the state's charter
school system a learning process every
parent that I talked to say it is
producing fantastic results especially
compared to regular public school the
board also consulted dyslexia experts
who felt the school was helping its
students in ways other schools couldn't
two weeks ago the state agreed to try a
different form of assessment students at
Key Academy will still have to take the
regular standardized tests but they'll
also take for other tests that are
specifically designed for children with
dyslexia until the state says otherwise
the school will remain on probation if
the students do as well as the parents
have been saying they are doing and the
school will probably do well in the
evaluation and get to continue on for
another five year renewal and if not if
not then we
we'll probably shut it down it could be
another three years before the state
reassesses key Academy by that time
Coleman will be getting ready for high
school the birth of a baby is a joyful
time my dog is Shaggy and lazy but she
is loyal when he started the school he
wouldn't read to anybody I mean I know
he's very monotone to me very but it's
just amazing cuz I'm sorry are you so
emotional I watched you struggle so the
fact that you can do it now is just
beyond words
okay Mama's okay
