in the mid-2000s Hazleton Pennsylvania
was in steep economic decline the job
dwindling and solid income scarce in
response
lawmakers pushed through a series of
ordinances that would make English the
official language of the town in-band
landlord from renting to the
undocumented those ordinances never came
into effect and ten years later the city
is 50 percent Latino and seems to be on
the rebound it's a story that's becoming
more common across America as small
towns face a choice between preserving
their identity and saving their economy
I'm afraid so it's a busy time for Bob
curry thank you for coming yeah yeah how
everybody he's the president of the
Hazelton integration project a community
organization that works to make Hazleton
a welcoming place for immigrants this
weekend is their annual fundraiser our
whole concept was developed educational
cultural and athletic activities for
kids from economically disadvantaged
backgrounds that's really tries to do
the center offers programs to help new
immigrants assimilate there's bilingual
education and cooking classes there's
even a brand new computer lab it was
created and paid for by Hazleton
hometown hero cub manager Joe Maddon I
was concerned because there was this
great rift between the Hispanic
community and the Anglos and in my mind
and my thought was the city is going to
die the city's going to die role could
be quickly if we don't do something
about it not exactly a popular opinion
at the time very unpopular I mean listen
I if you're a major league baseball
manager you get criticized a lot and a
lot of times people you tell you're
doing something wrong normally if you're
getting that kind of feedback you're
probably doing something right it just
takes a while for to really grab some
traction in a way Madame Curie vision
for Hazelden has already come to pass
in the years since town leaders tried to
restrict immigration the once depleted
city has been reborn as a hub of Puerto
Rican and Dominican family life there
latino-owned barber shops and grocery
stores the population now twenty five
thousand people is on the way back up
and jobs are returning including large
warehouse employers like Cargill and
Amazon but these changes haven't come
easily as in much of the rest of El
older residents steel alienated some
even say they're afraid to go downtown
although they didn't want to say it's a
camera one of the things I hear a lot in
talking to people this morning a lot of
people who just feel like this is a
general feeling that I can't go down to
Hazleton anymore not my town anymore
there is that feeling I'm not going to
deny that that feeling is there it's not
the same Averell tenant was you know 30
years ago I think this is a perfect
example of what you saw in blue-collar
towns across America Lou Barletta is the
local congressman he was mayor when
Hazleton passed its hardline immigration
law something he says was focused
strictly on undocumented immigrants you
say the illegal immigrants have brought
with them drugs they brought with them
crime he was one of president Trump's
earliest supporters if you think that
illegal immigration isn't a big part of
white Donald Trump won in this area
you'd be mistaken there's no question
they're seeing their wages being
depressed they understand that the
problem of illegal immigration means to
the worker when they see companies
leaving it affects these type of talents
Arletta has a point Hazleton
improvements have come largely at the
expense of its older residents but the
improvements also oppose a conundrum
if Hazleton economy grew thanks to an
influx of immigrants would it have
happened at all without them those
factory jobs wouldn't be here if wasn't
for the fact that we had an influx of
labour and i layer happens to be younger
and it happens to be latino in many
cases francisco tourists around the is a
local businessman originally from mexico
city the population has died one from
20% Latinos in nearly 50 percent Latino
relaxed ten years yeah and in the next
ten year the next ten years
may may become a majority Latino
community that's just the reality of
demographics the United States its
casino night the Hazelton integration
project star-studded fundraiser at a
nearby Country Club everyone's there Bob
curry congressman Barletta coach Joe
Maddon Cubs mega fan Bill Murray's it's
a picture of harmony but the future of
Hazleton isn't really in their hands the
town's changing in ways that they can't
control and won't always be around to
see Maddon visit Kabletown often but he
of course doesn't live there anymore
his kids like much of their generation
don't either
Bob Curry's children have left too I
mean do you ever wonder if there's a
place for the day-old Italian Irish
community event is that part of what
you're fighting pulling it that's the
same athlete no what what we're fighting
for is the quality among every group
well outside it still feels like a
pretty divided city and that's
definitely the case well if someone
walks in the door and says I don't
believe in what you guys do we want the
opportunity to change your mind and
actually I'm not going to be the one to
do it because I could talk till I'm blue
in the face but I'd rather see a fox
peer grade 3 4 5 6 & 7 and then tell me
what it is that we're doing so bad
