today in Indianapolis more than two
dozen scientists gathered at a library
to download climate data stored on
federal servers before the new
administration takes over scientific
communities across North America have
been rallying to back up all of the data
fearing it may be blocked or even
destroyed by climate change skeptics
given vast powers by Donald Trump in
this is immaterial really to the job of
to the Java you are going to be the head
of the agency to protect the environment
and your personal feelings about whether
climate change is caused by human
activity and carbon emissions is
immaterial
at another archiving event in
Philadelphia scientists are scrambling
to protect their work area um Ross
explains the task at hand is to move
information from federal government
websites to safe places when I say safe
places I mean safe as insight able for
academics what we're focusing on here
today is is the second data rescue event
in a longer series of data rescue events
we're focused on datasets really big
ones from the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration NOAA it would
actually be sort of easy to make those
hard to get because you can just you
know break the link and the page isn't
found anymore I'm an independent
computational ecologist I do data
analysis for climate change
organizations in different places or in
the country everything that I do depends
very very much on the availability of
accurate environmental data I need to
understand how the climate has been in
the past the temperature is rainfall
that plants and animals have experienced
in the past and what's coming in the
future
it's a project to make sure the research
doesn't slow down at a time
when it's more urgent than ever it feels
really a little scary to have a
president-elect who sometimes thinks
climate change is a fact and sometimes
thinks it's a Chinese house there's a
lot of data that needs to be stored some
of it will go on servers owned by the
Internet Archive a nonprofit but
organizers are also leasing servers from
Amazon the Philadelphia event alone cost
twenty-two thousand dollars similar
events have been held in Toronto and
Chicago and are planned for Los Angeles
and Arbor and New York the scientist
behind it have tried to automate the
archiving but the machines can't do
everything they don't click on every
link though they go a few levels deep
and then they stop going
they can't press search they can't open
a pop-up window so if a beautiful PDF
loader comes up they can't see that vice
news reached out to the Trump transition
team and asked if it has any intention
of removing or altering climate data
they declined to comment but scientists
still want to take every precaution all
the information that's been gathered is
in the hands of these people who don't
really seem to have much respect for
science and so nobody knows for sure
what's going to happen to the data but
you know what they say they say hope for
the best but prepare for the worst and
preparing for the worst in this case
means making sure that the data exists
someplace outside of the control of the
federal government
