in 1955 there were 560 thousand patients
who lived full time in state psychiatric
facilities today there are just 45,000
psychiatric hospitals were shuttered
partly in response to widespread reports
of patient abuse but so far no one's
been able to find a safe financially
sustainable solution for intensive care
and many of the country's mentally ill
are on the streets or in prison but in
Mesopotamia Ohio there's a farm that's
offering an alternative Mac McClellan
has more Bob Gurley moved to Hopewell
farms a week ago he'd been living in
Cleveland and suffering from depression
he was working as an analytical chemist
making antidepressants hopewell is one
of six therapeutic farms in the United
States
unlike routine Hospital treatments where
the focus is on medication and
short-term stabilization
hope Wells residents often stay for
months while they get medication the
primary intervention is community
residents diagnosed with schizophrenia
bipolar disorder and major depression
among other mental illnesses work on the
farm the idea is that they can gain
social skills they wouldn't practice in
a more traditional hospital setting in
addition to working on the farm they
also attend group therapy art and
writing classes work this morning did
the usual take care of the chickens
recycle the garbage isn't it part of
recycling garbage that I found the
rosebush so that's pretty cool it's
perfect Rose smells good I still has his
buds put it in the light here a few
months ago
Bob's condition was deteriorating it was
his brother Jerry who insisted he get
inpatient care what did you say
made him so worried I said something
like yeah I'll see you later if I'm
still here I must have been the way I
said it to call my other brother and see
go see Bob what were you doing I mean
your other brother got to your house I
had a brand new 16 gauge shotgun with a
deer slug so I had everything staged
perfectly yeah just push down a trigger
mm-hmm I wasn't looking too far down I
wrote it that day that's all it is
wanting to feel better than when there's
no immediate relief for feeling better
not feeling anything seems like a
suitable alternative like many residents
bob has also spent time in a hospital at
a hundred and eighty days the average
length of stay at Hopewell is
considerably longer than at hospitals
but residents are less likely to relapse
after discharge
you not just get the medication
stabilized but you learn how to take
care of yourself here work is a really
important part of our lives something
that provides structure and meaning you
get up because you have not just an
obligation to go to work but because
it's important to you and just because
you have a mental illness doesn't mean
you can't do meaningful work despite the
effectiveness of therapeutic farm
communities private insurance companies
prefer to cover hospital stays and
Medicare and Medicaid don't cover
residential treatment at all Hopewell is
a non-profit and gets most of its
funding from private donors and
out-of-pocket payments from residents
how does it compare cost wise to sending
someone to the hospital
alright Hospital daily rate is $500 a
day with hope well is to two hundred and
fifteen dollars a day cost wise is it's
more economical for us to send do well
well it's technically cheaper than most
hospitals hope well can't keep their
beds full because so few people can
afford treatment without insurance
meanwhile most hospitals don't have
enough beds before hope well I was in an
apartment by myself but there was one on
one staffing that were provided because
I need a lot of help a lot of
supervision and stuff like that so that
went on for about six months it drove me
crazy so therefore the amount of
supervision the amount of supervision I
was like 24/7 they stayed in my
apartment they live there I didn't
really good at whole lot of fresh air
Zoe Lucci veau arrived at Hopewell two
years ago she'd been diagnosed with
bipolar disorder so he says that with
the skills she learned at Hopewell she
was able to get a job off the farm
taking care of horses look at one time
for me to find apartment I finally found
one that I liked I'm just waiting a
transition out which would be really
really soon oh come on way a few weeks
after we filmed this she moved into her
own place
this is the first time in my life where
I've had the immediate feedback seeing
people that have similar conditions
maybe worse many cases far worse some
people better and that finding these
people are still social and very
family-like and a supportive way
everybody is mutually supportive trying
to help each other
