tonight a bomb thrower retires I don't
have a lot to show for the last seven
years Democrats secret spending wins and
like mr. Putin like mr. C's he is kind
of like the United Nations of douchebags
three large buses carrying 60 American
diplomats left the US Embassy in Moscow
this morning Russia ordered the
expulsion
after the us kicked out 60 Russian
diplomats in solidarity with the UK over
the attack on an ex Russian spy and his
daughter Britain blames Russia for
poisoning Sergey and Yulia screep ha
with a nerve agent in Salisbury England
last month earlier today Yulia scrape
all spoke out for the first time since
she was hospitalized saying her strength
is growing daily a doctoral student shot
and killed four people at a university
in central Turkey Vulcan BR was known
for accusing staff members of being
followers of Fethullah Gulen a
pennsylvania-based cleric who Turkey
blames for a failed buyers reported
target with the University's Dean of
Education but he wasn't in his office
during the attack instead by are killed
a deputy Dean a secretary and two
teaching staff and wounded at least
three others police arrested him shortly
after
the Surgeon General issued an advisory
today encouraging more Americans to
carry naloxone which can reverse the
effects of an opioid overdose those
overdoses have more than doubled since
2010 naloxone generally doesn't require
a prescription and most pharmacies stock
it Walgreens announced last October that
it would carry naloxone in each of its
8,000 pharmacies around the u.s. this is
the first advisory issued by the Surgeon
General's Office in 13 years since a
2005 warning against drinking during
pregnancy Australia and the UK have
announced formal investigations into
whether Facebook breached users privacy
by improperly sharing data with third
parties Facebook admitted yesterday that
up to 87 million people's accounts had
been compromised in the Cambridge
analytical data leaked more than 30
million more than previously thought
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has agreed
to testify in front of Senate and House
committees next week president Trunk
told reporters aboard Air Force One this
afternoon
that he didn't know about his personal
lawyers payment to silence stormy
Daniels shortly before the presidential
election
and II ignored a question about whether
he'd ever set up a fund for his lawyers
to draw from Trump also said that EPA
Administrator Scott Pruett has done a
quote fantastic job but said that he
hadn't yet reviewed news reports about
Pruett wasting taxpayer money on
luxurious travel and office furniture
another one of those stories hit today
as the New York Times reported that at
least five EPA officials had been
reassigned
her left the agency after pushing back
on cruet spending
south carolina republican trey gowdy
became an internet sensation by tearing
apart his opponents live on camera do
you not see the outrage in there mr.
Robertson
do you see it gaud√≠ was elected to
Congress in 2010 as part of the Tea
Party wave quickly earning a reputation
as a fierce and ruthlessly effective
partisan his tenure as chairman of the
House Select Committee on Benghazi and
his cross-examination of Hillary Clinton
transformed him into a conservative folk
hero this is an investigation which is
why it's so sad that nowhere in that
stack that you just put up there where
the emails of Secretary Clinton but
Gowdy a former prosecutor has
increasingly disappointed Trump
partisans when you are innocent if the
allegations collusion with the Russians
and there is no evidence of that and
you're innocent of that act like it in
January county made a surprising
announcement he wouldn't seek reelection
in November the notorious partisan said
there was too much partisanship he's now
on a book tour with his co-author
senator Tim Scott preaching solutions
for Washington conciliation is a more
christ-like and I think it's it's better
for the long-term health of our culture
but Gowdy himself can't wait to leave
for good Michael Moynihan spoke to him
about his regrets he's got a few
do you regret these at yours
do I regret running when do you regret
serving the only that gives me pause is
there a lot of people I haven't met that
I would not have met but for so it's
hard to say I wouldn't go through the
negative parts to experience the
positive what were the negative parts
ineffectiveness you're one of 435 you
have to say it in 30 seconds you don't
get an hour in front of a jury you get
30 seconds or a tweet or a bumper
sticker the end justifies the means you
got to win and we've convinced ourselves
that we have to win because the country
will go to Hades in a handbasket if my
team doesn't win is that something that
you realize the second you got into
Congress I think initially I wasn't
terribly happy because I was away from
home what'd you miss you can't ever get
back you live in an airport you show up
for a hearing where you can debate it
all day and not a single mind has
changed no I didn't like this job did
you
I miss saliz sound self-serving but I
like the people but the job I understand
the killer I like the job you don't like
the job no I'm an executive branch guy
I'm not a legislative branch eight years
you did it though
seven soon to be a if I'll make it if I
don't get it really I don't get recall
you're like one of these guys ticking
the boxes and I can tell you I can tell
you right now I have 19 more drives to
the airport before this session is over
19 more weeks for the rest of the year
that I'm gonna be gone three or four
days away from home and then after that
I'll be in South Carolina you're
counting the number of drives to the
airport that doesn't sound like a happy
or it could be that you're just so
excited to go do something else
yeah but to the extent men judge
themselves based on what they do for a
living I don't have a lot to show for
the last seven years because if I open
my phone here and I go to youtube I get
video after video trey gowdy
destroys x trey gowdy eviscerates y
millions of views you became rather
famous in doing this right I don't write
the headlines and put nam but deed but
people love it I mean is that effective
in some way I think it's effective
raising issues I don't think is
effective at resolving them did you not
like being that character it's not who I
am if I were to ask somebody who knows
about politics trey Gowdy I suspect
hyper-partisan would be one of the first
five adjectives used Democrat for sure
for sure part of that are the
assignments that I've been given Vayner
put me on the ethics committee he put me
on the Benghazi committee Paul I think
watched that and all knows me pretty
well and he says that's not who the guy
is that's not worries happiest well put
you on house Intel which is the most
highly coveted committee in Congress it
is a political it is bipartisan it never
makes the news and then Russia happened
and the House Intelligence Committee was
more divisive than the Oversight
Committee has ever been he became a sort
of conservative folk hero with Benghazi
and now with the Russian investigation
Mark Levin very popular conservative
radio has yesterday said trey gowdy how
did this guy get through law school is
this guy dumb or what and he's showing
his true colors now because he's not
running for reelection that's pretty
harsh stuff from the right now yeah have
you heard a lot of that recently I've
heard some of it part of what I don't
like about the modern political culture
is 99 it's a failing grade it doesn't
matter whether I liked you yesterday the
first time you do something or take a
position that I don't agree with you're
gonna go from me liking you to being a
sellout a rhino and a squish and never
should've lied to me in the first place
why are you a rhino in a squish by these
peoples that will do because I defend
Muller because I have not figured out
how to commercialize conservatism
as some of my critics I the president
the United States the leader of the
Republican Party called you a loser
depending on how you judge the purpose
of the Benghazi investigation I think a
lot of people would say I was a loser
but then you endorsed him you endorsed
the man who called you a loser
yeah he's the nominee yeah but you're
you you were just saying we're doing
this in a party political way also
Newell
about the other candidate - so that was
that was initially also knew a lot of
what about just endorsing nobody do you
think yes for offices did you think he
was fit for office that at the time yeah
what do you make of the Republican Party
in 2018 the goal is to win that's all
that the Republican Party cares about
that's the goal goals to win are you a
different person in 2018 and you were in
2010 it's hard to be more cynical than I
was I'm a better person I can check off
the box of having tried that and you
won't see me running for political
office again so you're done I'm done
last night President Trump had dinner
with House Majority Leader Kevin
McCarthy and there's a good chance they
talked about ways to walk that
government spending that's already been
appropriated that makes sense
Trump wasn't pleased with a 1.3 trillion
dollar spending package known as the
Omnibus that Congress sent him in late
March there are a lot of things that I'm
unhappy about in this bill
Trump originally asked for 1.1 trillion
in discretionary spending for this year
Congress approved 1.3 trillion he wanted
an increase in DoD spending for a total
of six hundred and thirty-nine billion
the omnibus has 654 billion in it he
wanted to cut the budgets of state
Homeland Security and the EPA none of
those budgets saw the cuts Trump wanted
I say to Congress I will never sign
another bill like this again I'm not
gonna do it again nobody read it it's
only hours old and now that he and
everyone else are figuring out what he
signed he's probably even less happy
that's because this appropriations
package is kind of a win for liberals as
the Atlantic put it it was a domestic
budget to make Barack Obama proud first
you kind of got to understand how this
budget got to the president since 2013
the appropriations process has been
governed by a congressional agreement to
cap spending in a way that all parties
hated to force everyone into spending
less money limits were put on both
military and non-military spending and
people have been complaining about it
ever since this year Congress made a
deal to raise the caps the military got
a big boost but the trade-off was that
Democrats push forward some of their
priorities bipartisan provisions from
the fix Nick's bill are in it which
allows more funding to flow to the
states to fix some of the holes in our
background check system also language in
the bill clarified that the CDC can
research gun violence speaking of
research the Omnibus contains according
to the American Association for the
Advancement of science the largest
year-over-year increase in innovation
and research funding since 2009
the independent agencies like the
Corporation for Public Broadcasting and
the National Endowment for the Arts that
were on the chopping block and Trump's
version of the budget got more money
Tiger grants which help fund state and
city infrastructure projects were given
more money than what President Obama
asked for in the past Trump despite his
push for a big infrastructure bill at
some point in the future wanted to do
away with these and a project to dig a
tunnel under the Hudson known as the New
York New Jersey gateway tunnel was not
canceled out the way the president
wanted and said Democrats got kind of
sneaky and made sure funding from
another program can be assigned to this
one without Transportation Department
approval one infrastructure project that
the President does like was appropriated
1.6 billion dollars that money was
approved for security fencing and levies
on the southern border of course Trump
has said he wants the money to build a
solid wall along the entire border and
this doesn't quite get him there and the
law doesn't include any language that
would restrict sanctuary cities from
continuing to receive federal funds
something that was discussed in the
negotiation process Congress also pulled
some of the funding for homeland
security to hire more immigration and
border agents despite the fact that
Trump has called for this in an
executive order and just for fun
the legislators made sure to continue to
include wording that bars the federal
government from messing with the states
that have legalized medical marijuana so
how did a Republican president with a
republican-controlled House and
Republican controlled Senate end up with
a bill Democrats kind of like the answer
timing how much do you think government
shutdown deadlines plus election year
equaled okay we'll just give everybody
what they want I think this was a
significant factor I think that there
was a great desire to show that
Washington was working and what's the
best way the show Washington's working
to kind of sweep the problems under the
carpet and effectively that's what
deficit financing does in some ways it's
it kind of akin to a pyramid scheme
everything looks great now right look we
came up with this great deal don't worry
about what's gonna happen in the future
pay no attention to that but eventually
it's gonna come back to bite us
voters in Hungary go to the polls Sunday
in an election that's almost certain to
hand hardline Prime Minister Viktor
Orban a fourth term is anti-migrant in
anti European Union agenda has rattled
EU leaders but or bonds nationalistic
talk is still widely popular in Hungary
and it's left opposition party
scrambling to catch up what type of
anti-government campaigner m√°rton guly√°s
has a simple goal anyone at all ban his
movement says or ban and his ruling
feeders party is correct they're
focusing their efforts on districts
where all bands party 1 less than 50% of
the votes can you tell me what your
group is trying to achieve with this
tactical voting yes four years ago 76
districts voted against feeders but
because the opposition parties were so
fragmented they couldn't achieve
anything so right now we are promoting
the idea to voters that if you want to
see a change in that particular district
you should cast your vote on that
candidate which has the best chances to
take it over from Fidesz but those
chances are pretty slim
Hungary's opposition is splintered and
Albin zero-tolerance stance on
immigration has already won over many
voters some are very easily convinced by
a Fidesz propaganda campaign claiming
that hungarian-born liberal billionaire
George Soros is trying to take away
hungry southern border wall
that was started to edit upon tonic MEMS
is t'keyah and Sandy hood what just
happened here in the center it's George
Soros and Rand Suraj
there are leaders of the Hungarian
opposition party and the Billboard says
that they are together combined will try
to demolish the southern border wall
which is not true and you know the
problem is with this poster the people
believe it people in the countryside for
example even the guy here asked me that
why would it be a lie if they are
standing together hugging each other and
I told him that look this is the
Photoshop program so people believe this
really happened they believe that it's
really happened yes Albarn has used his
big majority to push through reforms
that consolidates his power make it
easier for his supporters to buy a media
companies and hand out government
contracts to friends to his critics or
bands home town itself has become a
symbol of corruption the EU is formally
investigating the use of 2 million euros
in public funding to build a vintage
railway here it's almost never used and
runs for just three stops between the
villages we're all banned grew up an
ornate 4,000 capacity football stadium
stands at one end of the rail line just
10 metres from one of our bands
childhood homes it's big enough to seize
more than twice the villages population
and it was paid for in part with
corporate tax breaks all ban introduced
your opposition are saying that there
are many people who are close to the
government rich businessmen who are
being awarded contracts that are not
being contested many of them are with EU
funding and that is crony capitalism are
you saying this is not true that's a bit
matter of political taste and that's a
political message take a look at who who
are the winners actually of this man you
can point out a couple of people
he will always find healthy businessmen
so to say around every government
because that's what politics is bad take
a look at the United States data take a
look at the UK it is happening what is
disturbing actually on behalf of the
Opposition is that they never talk about
other winners they never talk about
international
as being the winners who have taken away
the profits from this country
all band's popularity among core voters
is rock-solid tens of thousands of
people turned up for this pre-election
speech in what did you make
Victor Orban speech did you have any
favorite parts for van magnet Ishmael
the rancor made followed as a poor man
named chakra my resident
Shu Xiang Han investiture of names
ethnic or URI it was l-dopa unni over
seven Megacorp evade any or support
raccoon coat Egyptian president Abdel
Fattah el-sisi won a second term in
office on Monday
he didn't have much competition his only
opponent even said he planned to vote
for CC bassem youssef known as Egypt's
John Stuart fled the country in 2014
after his parody of CeCe's regime got
him a 10 million dollar fine and death
threats he shared his thoughts with us
about Egypt's re-elected leader for free
my name is Vasu I escaped from my
dictatorship in Egypt to come here in
America just in time as you guys are
starting your own I'm very happy to
share a wonderful moment of democracy
back in my home country there's a lot of
rumors that say that like SCC was
running alone which is absolutely not
true let's look at the challenges we had
at McAfee is the ex Prime Minister he
changed his mind after a brief period of
house arrest the admin console was an
Army colonel he is now serving time in a
military jail Mohammedan or said that
she dropped out samy annan he's also
serving time in military jail and Khaled
Ali he claimed that it was difficult for
him to do without harassment and that
leaves us with one contender mr. Musa
and just 24 hours before the election he
was and have a supporter of Sisi this is
a valid mr. Sisi symbol is the summer
because he is the star of our nation
while Musa is an airplane which could be
a symbol or a threat of what's gonna
happen to him hijacked deported puts on
a no-fly list but has good happy to
replace an interesting point is that the
voided votes were three times the number
of votes that Musa great he came third
in a two-man race
this is the difference between our
elections and your elections our
democracy in your democracy you guys
here have a problem with too many
choices you'll have a problem going to
the supermarket having to choose between
25 different peanut-buttery we don't
have that we have one bread peanut
butter and it's the best peanut butter
tells you it's the best is gonna put you
in jail if you don't say that it's gonna
be the best Vladimir Putin sent a
message of congratulations to president
Sisi the message you don't even call I
mean he's your buddy I think he's even
send it on whatsapp son of a bitch all
the people are around the world like mr.
Putin like mr. Sisi everybody's adding
something to the other it's kind of like
the United Nations of douchebags let me
explain something about Egyptian
elections throughout history there is no
president in Egypt that wants to stay
there forever somehow they have to say
well you know what the Egyptian people
want and I'm going to stay this is our
version of democracy maybe you should
learn something from us maybe Obama who
should have staked
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
April 5th tune in tomorrow night for the
season six premiere of vice on HBO how
long have you been in the system it says
12 to 17 now yeah I'm a 14 I'm going on
three years I got 50 more to be honest I
have 50 more years growing up in a
violent neighborhood I saw firsthand
other young people in my community ended
up in the system
I've been in my own version of this they
know place a child supposed to grow up
we lost a population of young kids we're
helping these young folks for leaves and
they have something to contribute to
society it's easier to talk to somebody
who's been from the stuff that you've
been through I think you could break the
mold in your family
you
you
