the door closes to read 56
the entrance opening I knew that the
third and the fourth and the fifth the
longer this goes on the more people are
going to show up because this this is
who he is
the amount history I didn't know I was
very different AG it was years later
that I realized what it happened to be
that it was that I was ready we cannot
conduct public life like this we're
decades-old allegations with no
corroborating evidence can bring
somebody down and destroy their lives
kind of a tough guy so when somebody
attacked him like that
he fought back capital was a nice boy of
a prep school nobody ever said nasty
things about it sir he's a whole new
experience my sister's friends are
actually gonna skip school today and go
to the protest I just hope they treat
her with some kind of respect and
politeness that they usually don't they
accuse people like me of secretly
wanting to see roe v-- wade overturned I
openly want to see roe v-- wade
overturned yes it's a win for freedom
it's a win for human rights we need to
confirm Cavanaugh
do you swear that the testimony you're
about to give before this committee will
be the truth the whole truth and nothing
but the truth so help you God
thank you very much I am here today not
because I want to be I am terrified I am
here because I believe it is my civic
duty to tell you what happened to me
while Brett Cavanaugh and I were in high
school I don't have all the answers and
I don't remember as much as I would like
to but the details that about that night
that bring me here today are the ones I
will never forget
they have been seared into my memory and
have haunted me episodically
as an adult I drank one beer Brett and
Mark were visibly drunk early in the
evening I went up a very narrow set of
stairs leading from the living room to a
second floor to use the restroom when I
got to the top of the stairs I was
pushed from behind into a bedroom across
from the bathroom I couldn't see who
pushed me
Brett and Merc came into the bedroom and
locked the door behind them there was
music playing in the bedroom it was
turned up louder by either Brett or mark
once we were in the room I was pushed
onto the bed and Brett got on top of me
he began running his hands over my body
and grinding into me
I yelled hoping that someone downstairs
might hear me and I tried to get away
from him but his weight was heavy
Brett groped me and tried to take off my
clothes he had a hard time because he
was very inebriated and because I was
wearing a one-piece bathing suit
underneath my clothing I believed he was
going to rape me I tried to yell for
help when I did Brett put his hand over
my mouth to stop me from yelling this is
what terrified me the most and has had
the most lasting impact on my life this
was an extremely hard thing for me to do
but I felt that I couldn't not do it
apart from the assault itself these past
couple of weeks have been the hardest of
my life I've had to relive this trauma
in front of the world
and I've seen my life picked apart by
people on television on Twitter other
social media other media and in this
body who have never met me or spoken
with me I am an independent person and I
am no one's pawn my motivation in coming
forward was to be helpful and to provide
facts about how mr. Kavanagh has actions
have damaged my life so that you could
take into a serious consideration as you
make your decision about how to proceed
it is not my responsibility to determine
whether mr. Kavanagh deserves to sit on
the Supreme Court my responsibility is
to tell you the truth 27 years ago I was
walking through an airport
when I saw a large group of people
gathered around the TV to listen to
Anita Hill tell her story what I saw was
an attractive woman in a blue suit
before an all-male Judiciary Committee
speaking of her experience of sexual
harassment this is not a trial of dr.
Ford it's a job interview for judge
Kavanaugh is Brett Kavanaugh who we want
on the most prestigious court in our
country is he the best we can do
I think that the liberal media is paying
this woman to to come out with this
information because Trump is doing very
well for our country and this is just
another another attempt at taking him
out do you think there may be a
potential for a small amount of truth
coming from dr. Ford
maybe a smidge but at that point in time
how old was he so we have to start
keeping track of what we do when were 12
years old if we're gonna sometime at
some point go and try to be on the
Supreme Court are we gonna have or is
that what we're going to do now
it's during something like this like all
everyone everyone wants to do is check
up what's happening and like read the
news and read articles and stuff so
what's the top story this is the live
and then Brett Kavanaugh is confirmation
fight exposes major problems with the
nation's most powerful court it looks
like it's hard to get updates it is yeah
what does that feel like that this big
news event is going on and it's almost
like a Twilight Zone during your classes
it's both like nice and also kind of
annoying because I'm like really
impatient and I really want to check my
phone miss Mitchell you have my five
minutes to ask questions good morning
dr. Ford we haven't met my name is
Rachel Mitchell nice to meet you I just
wanted to tell you the the first thing
that struck me from your statement this
morning was that you are terrified and I
just wanted to let you know I'm very
sorry if you were on the committee would
you want to have a chance to ask those
questions or would you be supportive of
this idea of having this outside
attorney do it
it's appropriate for the Senators staff
the questions because they're the ones
that in this particular case have to
make a judgement on the on the judge
I've never seen this where one side has
an attorney for the committee ask the
questions on the other side ends up
asking the questions themselves when we
spoke and it became very clear how
deeply you felt about this and the need
that you wanted to remain confidential
can you talk a little bit about that I
was calculating daily the the risk
benefit for me of coming forward and
wondering whether I would just be
jumping in front of a train that was
headed to where it was headed anyway and
that I would just be personally
annihilated
what do you think okay I I think
something happened to her I sympathize
with her she's obviously you know this
is really hard an emotional thing to do
nobody would ever want to do that but
watching that you don't believe her to
be lying no but I actually didn't
believe she was lying before either or
at least so I I just wasn't like that
you think that she might be mistaken I
think she might be mistaken because all
of the corroborating evidence goes
against her it has become this like
political death match where we are
seeing intense political battle where
people might you know what where Diane
Feinstein Mike you know weak or put out
an anonymous statement and basically
force a sexual assault accuser to go
public you you call it a political death
match if Brett Kavanaugh is killed in
this death match what next I think it
will be politically weaponized by both
sides I don't think that the left can
think that they can take down a man like
Brett Kavanaugh with with uncorroborated
allegations and not think that the right
is gonna do the same to them we are
still in a he-said she-said situation
but I'm curious to know if do you think
we live in a time now where the she said
part is given more credence than when
Anita Hill came in front of the Senate
Judiciary Committee we have lived in a
white supremacist patriarchal society
for longer than either of us have been
alive and bringing down that institution
takes longer than 27 years I am not sure
that that this is not just a big show to
do what they want to do anyway do you
think there'd be as much support as
there's been for dr. Ford if she were
black you know I am NOT happy that dr.
Blasi Ford is a white woman but I hope
that her coming forward will inform the
majority of white women who supported a
blatant rapist
molestor in our and our current
president that i hope that it will
inform them i hope that they will be
moved as much as black women have been
moved what is the strongest memory you
have strongest memory of the incident
something you cannot forget take
whatever time you need indelible in the
hippocampus is the laughter the lap the
uproarious laughter between the two and
they're having fun at my expense some of
the things that are alleged against him
are pretty intense
do you hear rumors about things like
that yeah yeah yeah I think they could
definitely 100% happen to me just like
based off of statistics in general
they'll definitely probably happen to me
at some point in my life why do you
think nothing's changed in it's been
over 30 years our general education
hasn't changed in terms of things like
consent and sexual assault in sex ed we
don't really have that we still don't
really have that and I think that people
being scared of talking about things
like this leads to more bad things like
this
I guess what we're asking the American
people to do it's the number one step
outside of our quest to know for a fact
whether it happened and just simply say
look there are nine people sitting on
this Court
you know should we install some one
there where there is any where there is
some doubt so let's just be nice to her
doctor Ford doctor Ford I I can only
speak as one of 21 senators here but I
thank you very much for your testimony
would you please rise sir if you affirm
that the testimony you're about to give
before the committee will be the truth
this is my statement less than two weeks
ago dr. Ford publicly accused me of
committing wrongdoing and an event more
than 36 years ago when we were both in
high school I denied the allegation
immediately categorically and
unequivocally the challenge I think is
that the three people she mean is be
present at the time have no memory of
the incident her case would have been
much stronger if some of them had
remembered so it sounds like if you were
on the committee you're leaning towards
confirming I'd want to know whether he's
talked to the three witnesses that have
denied the event took place and tried to
influence him my family and my name have
been totally and permanently destroyed
by vicious and false additional
accusations
it's very confrontational and if he did
do something like that and like even if
he didn't know that it was wrong I would
feel very unsafe going up to him and
saying that this is wrong but you did
because I feel like he would lash out
this confirmation process has become a
national disgrace this whole two-week
effort has been a calculated and
orchestrated political hit fueled with a
parent pent-up anger about President
Trump and the 2016 election fear that
has been unfairly stoked about my
judicial record revenge on behalf of the
Clintons and millions of dollars in
money from outside left-wing opposition
groups and as we all know in the United
States political system of the early
2000s what goes around comes around
we mean we mean no ill-will this is why
you need to hear from both sides this is
why we have due process and a hearing
because this can destroy his life too I
categorically and unequivocally to deny
the allegation against me by dr. Ford
dr. Ford's allegation is not merely
uncorroborated it is refuted
but I swear today under oath before the
Senate and the nation before my family
and God I am innocent of this charge
I've got a suggestion for him right now
turn to your left in the front row dan
McGann counsel to President Donald Trump
asked him to suspend this hearing and
nomination process until the FBI
completes its investigation of the
charges made by dr. Ford and others I
welcome whatever the committee wants to
do cuz I'm telling the truth I want to
know what you wanted I I'm telling the
time I want to know what you want to do
just listen if you wanted an FBI
investigation you could have come to us
what you want to do is destroy this
guy's life hold this seat open and hope
you win in 2020 you said that not me
you've got nothing to apologize for this
is the most unethical sham since I've
been in politics and if you really
wanted to know the truth you sure as
hell wouldn't have done what you've done
to this guy this is not a job interview
this is hell certainly came off as a
powerful denial in and I thought brought
credibility to it she were here 30 years
ago we're watching this today has
anything really changed you know
compared with 27 years ago with the
Anita Hill hearings
I'd say members are are more hostile
than they used to be if that's even
possible towards towards the nominee do
you think that Kavanagh is having a
tougher time than Clarence Thomas did
yeah terms of the way he's being treated
by the Senate I do so what do you make
of all this it's a joke the presumption
of innocence is critical
you're not even given the benefit of the
doubt to the men women need to respect
men as well so I don't believe her at
all is America going to be different
tomorrow as a result of World War one
you know you would hope so but we are a
nation of tribes right now and I just I
don't think one events going to change
that is there anything that you did in
high school that you don't want to come
out right now of course but I'm also not
running for Supreme Court just fair
enough so this is not just a referendum
on Brett Kavanaugh this is also a
referendum on me - I think it's a
referendum on what me - is going to be
going forward is it going to be a proud
bringing down sexual predators with
evidence working with the the long-held
principles both of the judicial system
and of American culture to uphold things
like due process and fair hearing or is
second easy to generate into an
atmosphere where any allegation no
matter how little evidence there is for
it no matter how much contrary evidence
there is for it I think if we go with
this if this is the legacy of me - it's
just gonna become a political weapon and
it's gonna become a political football
and it's ultimately going to hurt women
who do come forward to say that they've
been sexually assaulted
so where do we go from there
this is a tremendous opportunity for
some boy who was now eight years old to
be educated that you don't become a man
by being a boorish you know for other
boys not to dare you to deflower some
girl in order to become a man maybe this
is a chance for people to approach
growing into manhood with less hubris
with a with a greater sense of equality
I'm gonna give you a masked opportunity
we're right here right in front of God
and country I want you to look me in the
eye
our doctor Ford's allegations truth
they're not accurate as to be I'm not
questioned that she might have been
sexually assaulted at some point in her
life by someone someplace but as to me
I've never done this
none of these allegations are true
correct no doubt in your mind zero I'm
100% certain you swear to God I swear to
God it became the default was to believe
you and I became this source of problem
in our community the source of like a
incongruity no one no one could imagine
you I didn't want to see you like this
no one could imagine you like this and
it was easier to dismiss it and so by
default everyone believed you and you
didn't have to do anything or change
anything and you got to keep everything
the way I was and I had to leave
everything and leave everybody one of my
biggest regrets throughout all this is
in addition to you know hurting you that
night and causing that trauma I had ten
years of opportunities to write that and
I
I discarded you in this process
and
this whole interaction is pretty
incredible to watch I mean it's sort of
raw and emotional and brutally brutally
honest and human I mean these guys are
just sitting with having a very simple
conversation and it's incredibly
difficult conversation to have and yet
it's there's so much humanity and
somehow understanding and forgiveness
here at that point in time there was
just two words for this there was just
victim and rapist and I don't think
either of us wanted to be either of
those things
you
you
