south carolina republican trey gowdy
became an internet sensation by tearing
apart his opponents live on camera do
you not see the outrage in that mr.
Robberson do you see it gaud√≠ was
elected to Congress in 2010 as part of
the Tea Party wave quickly earning a
reputation as a fierce and leafless ly
effective partisan his tenure as
chairman of the House Select Committee
on Benghazi and his cross-examination of
Hillary Clinton transformed him into a
conservative folk hero this is an
investigation which is why it's so sad
that nowhere in that stack that you just
put up there where the emails of
Secretary Clinton but Gowdy a former
prosecutor has increasingly disappointed
Trump partisans when you are innocent if
the allegations collusion with the
Russians and there is no evidence of
that and you're innocent of that act
like it in January
now he made a surprising announcement he
wouldn't seek reelection in November the
notorious partisan said there was too
much partisanship he's now on a book
tour with his co-author senator Tim
Scott preaching solutions for Washington
conciliation is more christ-like and I
think it's it's better for the long-term
health of our culture but Gowdy himself
can't wait to leave for good
Michael Moynihan spoke to him about his
regrets he's got a few
do you regret these at yours do I regret
running
do you regret serving the only that
gives me pause is there a lot of people
I haven't met that I would not have met
but for so it's hard to say I wouldn't
go through the negative parts to
experience the positive what were the
negative parts ineffectiveness you're
one of 435 you have to say it in 30
seconds you don't get an hour in front
of the jury you get 30 seconds or a
tweet or a bumper sticker the end
justifies the means
you've got to win and we've convinced
ourselves that we have to win because
the country will go to Hades in a
handbasket if my team doesn't win is
that something that you realize the
second you got into Congress I think
initially I wasn't terribly happy
because I was away from home what'd you
miss you can't ever get back you live in
an airport you show up for a hearing
where you can debate it all day and not
a single mind has changed no I didn't
like this job did you have a salad
sounds self-serving but I like the
people but the job I understand the no I
don't like a job you don't like the job
no I'm an executive branch guy I'm not a
legislative branch eat yours you did it
though seven soon to be a if I'll make
it if I don't get I don't get recall
you're like one of these guys ticking
the boxes and I can tell you I can tell
you right now I have 19 more drives to
the airport before this session is over
19 more weeks for the rest of the year
that I'm gonna be gone three or four
days away from home and then after that
I'll be in South Carolina you're
counting the number of drives to the
airport that doesn't sound like a happy
eggs or it could be that you're just so
excited to go do something else yeah but
to the extent men judge themselves based
on what they do for a living I don't
have a lot to show for the last seven
years because if I open my phone here
and I go to YouTube I get video after
video trey gowdy
destroys x trey gowdy eviscerates y
millions of views you became rather
famous in doing this right well I don't
write the headlines and but nobody but
people love it I mean is that effective
in some way I think it's effective
raising issues I don't think it's
effective at resolving them did you not
like being that character it's not who I
am if I were to ask somebody who knows
about politics trey Gowdy I suspect
hyper-partisan would be one of the first
five adjectives used Democrat for sure
for sure
part of that are the assignments that
I've been given Boehner put me on the
ethics committee he put me on the
Benghazi committee Paul I think watched
that and all knows me pretty well and he
says that's not who the guy is that's
not worries happiest we'll put you on
house Intel which is the most highly
coveted committee in Congress it is a
political it is bipartisan it never
makes the news and then Russia happened
and the House Intelligence Committee was
more divisive than the Oversight
Committee has ever been he became a sort
of conservative folk hero with Benghazi
and now with the Russia investigation
Mark Levin very popular conservative
radio has yesterday said trey gowdy how
did this guy get through law school is
this guy dumb or what and he's showing
his true colors now because he's not
running for reelection that's pretty
harsh stuff from the right now yeah have
you heard a lot of that recently I've
heard some of it part of what I don't
like about the modern political culture
is ninety-nines a failing grade it
doesn't matter whether I liked you
yesterday the first time you do
something or take a position that I
don't agree with you're gonna go from me
liking you to being a sellout a rhino
and a squish and never should have liked
me in the first place why are you a
rhino in a squish by these peoples that
will do because I defend Muller because
I have not figured out how to
commercialize conservatism as some of my
critics have the president of United
States
the leader of the Republican Party
called you a loser
depending on how you judge the purpose
of the Benghazi investigation I think a
lot of people would say I was a loser
but then you endorsed him you endorsed
the man who called you a loser
yeah he's the nominee yeah but you're
you you were just saying we're doing
this in a party political way also knew
a lot
about the other candidate too so that
was that was in also knew a lot about
what about just endorsing nobody do you
think these four offices did you think
he was fit for office that at the time
yeah
what do you make of the Republican Party
in 2018 the goal is to win that's all
that the Republican Party cares about
that's the goal goals to win are you a
different person in 2018 and you were in
2010 it's hard to be more cynical than I
was I'm a better person I can check off
the box of having tried that and you
won't see me running for political
office again so you're done I'm done
you
