tonight suing the president Oklahoma's
teachers walk out and YouTube cashes in
on creeps
China imposed tariffs on dozens of
american-made products today hitting
back at the Trump administration's new
import tax on Chinese steel and aluminum
the tariffs affect 128 American goods
including pork wine and fruit they're
worth an estimated three billion dollars
the equivalent of China's losses from
the US policy change President Trump
responded to the move in a tweet saying
that trade wars are good and easy to win
Beijing warned that quote China will
never submit if the US launches a trade
war the Syrian government looks ready to
take back Eastern Goethe the last rebel
stronghold near the capital Damascus
state TV reported the victory today
showing hundreds of rebel fighters and
their families boarding buses to
opposition territory in northern Syria
it also toured the tunnels that fighters
apparently used to take shelter from
government airstrikes Syria's Russian
allies announced a truce with Jaysh
al-islam a coalition of the only rebels
left in the eastern Gudda suburbs but
the group hasn't confirmed the agreement
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu quickly backtracked on a
promise to address his country's migrant
crisis earlier today he announced a deal
with the UN refugee agency to relocate
more than 16,000 people from Eritrea and
Sudan Israel would have also granted
temporary legal status to an equal
number of migrants as part of the deal
but tonight Netanyahu vowed to pressure
from the right-wing branch of his
government's coalition and halted the
agreement there are roughly 40,000
African migrants in Israel and an
earlier proposal to deport them all led
to national protests
Ethiopia made history today after
swearing in its first Oromo Prime
Minister avi ahkna the Oromo people are
the largest ethnic group in Ethiopia but
they have been protesting what they say
is marginalization and
under-representation and hundreds of
demonstrators have been killed since
2015 the new Prime Minister is promising
democratic reforms even couch who became
known as the affluenza teen after a
deadly drunk driving crash was released
from a Texas jail today couch served
almost two years for a probation
violation though was given no prison
time for the accident that killed 4
people in 2013 he gained national
notoriety when a psychologist suggested
during his trial that he may not know
the difference between right and wrong
because he grew up rich leader couch and
his mom fled to Mexico which is what
ultimately landed him behind bars the
Environmental Protection Agency will
roll back the vehicle emission standards
that the Obama administration put in
place
epa administrator scott pruett called
those standards quote wrong and
politically charged the changes
announced today are likely to set up yet
another battle between trumps government
and blue state California where Obama
allowed regulators to implement tougher
emissions rules for automakers than what
federal law requires the country's
biggest lobbying group for car companies
the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers
said it appreciates the EPA's new
decision
in Oklahoma today most districts
canceled classes as teachers took their
fight for better pay and school funding
to the State Capitol making it clear
that they're not satisfied with the
major concessions that the governor
agreed to last week giving our teachers
a pay raise and having a quality teacher
and our classrooms was a priority for
the state of Oklahoma while educators
welcomed the pay raise they're worried
that the funding increase is an empty
promise so over the weekend the state's
major teachers unions decided that the
walkout would go forwards my taking
salary per month after deductions it
gets deposited into my checking account
is one thousand three hundred forty
three dollars and twenty one cents
typically I teach after-school clubs
that our principal kind of set up for us
to offset the fact that our pay us so
low I sell makeup on the side too and
I'm really fortunate that my husband is
able to support my teaching habit
because without him I couldn't make this
work my daughter wants to be a teacher
and that is pretty bittersweet for me I
feel like if she wants to be a teacher
she's gonna have to do it somewhere
other than Oklahoma and that kind of
breaks my heart because you know as a
mother you want your kids to be close to
you let's go right what do this thing
last week was a roller coaster of
emissions we thought good things were
coming then we were let down and we were
given things and had them taken away
we're fed up and we're tired of it and
we're not going to the Capitol today to
say thank you we're going to the Capitol
today to speak for our most vulnerable
in Oklahoma which is our children the
new bill requires Oklahoma to raise
taxes for the first time in 28 years and
most teachers are happy with the $6,100
average raise they received but the
unions point out the legislature has
only provided a fraction of the 200
million demanded in school funding for
textbooks supplies and activities until
that demand is met many teachers plan on
pushing back
I think they were banking on the fact
that we were ignorant that we wouldn't
understand it and that we wouldn't
understand amendments and that we
wouldn't understand how reckless and
rushed this bill was and they pushed
something through to give us all the
shutup
nobody knows how long the Oklahoma
walkout will last but frustrated
teachers in other states have been
watching what's happened there and today
teachers in Kentucky mounted their own
mass walkout I do feel like this is a
national movement
I feel like education has been
undervalued and underpaid for a very
long time and I think there are a lot of
eyes on Oklahoma
you
President Trump is involved in a lot of
salacious legal action these days he's
being sued by former apprentice
contestants for defamation he's being
sued by an adult film actor who thinks
the NDA she signed is invalid
Trump's lawyers are suing her back the
president is also being sued by the
dishes of Columbia and the state of
Maryland for allegedly using his
namesake Hotel just down the block from
the White House for personal enrichment
for the most part courts treat
presidents differently from other
citizens the idea is that the
president's job is different from other
jobs and course take this into account
when deciding whether or not to tie a
president up in legal action Trump in
all the cases he's involved in is
putting that idea to the test one of the
that we have in the law that's
constantly tested by fresh instances new
application it's between on the one hand
the view that the presidency is this
extraordinary institution and it
shouldn't be hobbled by lawsuits while
at the same time the overall competing
sense that a president simply cannot
rely on holding of that office to
insulate him from responsibility for his
acts under the law it looks like we're
starting to see that second view went
out in the case of the reality TV star
summer servos a court in New York
recently ruled the president can be sued
in state court that's something new the
hotel thing marks the first time a court
has allowed someone other than the
Congress to enforce the emoluments
Clause of the Constitution which
prevents office holders from using their
job for personal gain in the Daniels
case no president has ever sued anyone
to enforce an NDA so that's a case
that's a potential to change precedent
to its scandal that tends to be the
catalyst here before Bill Clinton it was
basically impossible to sue the
president but then Paula Jones came
along and the Supreme Court ruled for
the first time that sitting presidents
aren't immune from personal lawsuits
just because their president
that was a big deal it led to the
president being deposed on camera but
the presidents who came after Clinton
didn't get the post on camera a legal
precedent was set saying presidents can
be sued but didn't mean the courts let
just anyone shoot a president from there
on out Trump is a deeply atypical
president and so a query to Georgetown
Law Professor David Vladek that could
mean he's not setting any precedent at
all and the real question is has he
pissed in the well for the rest of the
presidents that follow that's the
question and the answer is probably not
he will be a meshed in civil litigation
until he leaves office and then beyond
why because he's thrown down so many
gauntlet said so many people that he
can't be surprised when somebody picks
him back up and tries to run him through
which is what stormy Daniels is trying
to do like what do you think the impact
of this presidency will be on the legal
system when he leaves people ought to
understand that no one including the
president is above the law and these
kinds of these kinds of cases whether
the president wins or loses show that
the courts are here to hold him
accountable
since Stephan Clark was shot eight times
on March 18th in Sacramento one of the
city's most powerful institutions has
emerged as a strong supporter of the
demonstrators who've come out to protest
the Sacramento King and we stand here
before you old young black white brown
and we are all united in our commitment
they established an education fund for
Clark's children partnered with local
advocacy groups and managed to resolve
the costly business problem of
protesters blocking access to the team's
arena vice news sat down with one of the
king's most outspoken players kids who
live near the neighborhood where Stephan
Clark was shot and killed by police met
face to face with members of the only
pro team in town the kids didn't go easy
on them one that I got being in the NBA
and being wearing it right now it's the
reason then we have people listening to
this conversation and I don't want to
give up that platform if I can find a
way to affect change while still having
a plan
Garrett temple is the team's most public
voice when it comes to reforming the way
Sacramento's black community is policed
temple grew up in Baton Rouge his father
was the first black player on the LSU
basketball team race relations in his
hometown remain troubled in 2016 police
shot Alton sterling 90 seconds after
approaching him outside a convenience
store the officer who shot sterling was
fired last weekend though the state
declined to file charges against him
you see Dalton sterling by the camera
dude life it seems so personal for
whatever reason what was the first
police shooting that you remember like
actually feeling something about I can
tell you the first shooting was the
Trayvon Martin thing and they just
announced it
I was on the East Coast but people were
walking around golly
like it was you know just another day in
America I was just seeing how it was so
man if someone is killed and they're
unarmed and the body cam footage shows
that they that they want to put it to
you then you have to have there has to
be a customer and I want to say that I
know I can only imagine being the police
officer is probably the toughest job in
America especially right now but with
that being said it's a job that people
choose to do right now the community is
not messing with the police they don't
have to do a lot to get the community
never mess with them again there's too
many lies just being too for mistakes
mistakes out there they're not supposed
to make you other train you know what
the difference between their cell phone
and again you could have tased them you
shooting a man because of some broken
windows you don't even know if that's
the right person walking up the court
isn't gonna erase implicit bias kneeling
isn't gonna erase implicit bias talking
to the chief of police about how to get
police in the community they build a
relationship with people
that's 120 erase those implicit biases
Winnie Mandela became the public face of
the struggle against apartheid during
the 27 years that her husband was behind
bars banished for years to a remote
township Mandela herself straddled the
line between victim and villain she
oversaw a resistance movement that
turned increasingly violent even against
black South Africans she thought
betrayed the cause she was tied to the
1988 murder of a 14 year old activist
though she didn't get jail time in that
case she remained an icon South Africans
honored her 80th birthday last year with
a national celebration
people around the world watch 1 billion
hours of YouTube videos every day and
that makes a lot of money for the
company as much as 10 billion dollars in
ad revenue last year according to one
estimate and YouTube does very little to
police that content when it does it's
usually only after the public notices
something egregious recommending violent
videos to kids or promoting fake news
after school shootings but one thing
YouTube hasn't addressed is the host of
explicit videos on the side created by
self-styled dating coaches who promised
to teach men how to manipulate women
into sex even if they say no it was that
guy's Justin Wayne here this is Justin
Wayne one of the most popular so called
seduction artists on YouTube his videos
have scored millions of views and his
channel has a hundred and twenty-seven
thousand subscribers Wayne tries to
prove that his tips work by posting what
he calls infield videos or lay reports
hidden camera footage of him picking up
seemingly unsuspecting women Wayne
sometimes partially masks the identity
of the women in his videos suggesting
that they did not consent to be filmed
Wayne claims he gets permission for the
videos that he posts online but he
didn't blur their faces because of any
enforced standards from YouTube we've
added additional blurring to protect
their identities Wayne isn't the only
questionable character who operates with
impunity on the site he's just the one
who invited us to watch how he does it
thanks for coming out this is gonna be a
very very simple talk it's really just
about helping you guys out will you guys
alright now I don't want to go into too
much like random theory I want to hit
the juggler most of time you're just not
probably trying to touch the girls early
enough
that's number one and by not touching
her or try and touch her you know it's
easy to get friendzone at that point
according to his website Wayans we can
boot camps cost nine hundred and ninety
nine dollars he brought along a Russian
woman named Jenny she also appears in
Wayne's YouTube videos initially as one
of his targets but now he claims she's
one of his girlfriends proof that his
methods work you know you wanted to be
touchy-feely right away in the right way
and we have it something called it the
orders of touch
okay I'm gonna bar you okay just come
here right so one of the touch is
basically look you can start with for
example like high fives hand stuff and
you can go here right the elbow this way
then you can go shoulder and at this
point is when you can probably go closer
but you can do like Clabby nose to nose
mouth to mouth boobs
it goes down right in general what do
you want in the end for me I kind of
just want to be able to to meet like the
girls that I'm attracted to you know to
me you know kind of what you have going
from what I've seen yeah but are you
teaching them to be assholes
oh no Neffe no I'm not saying I've been
use any asshole tactics yet with them
teach them how to be men and you tell
guys when a girl says no to respect that
of course I mean actually that's why we
have you know these programs we teach
how to gauge and levels of touch it's
not even it's it's not about them
getting like a getting in trouble in
court
it's just about them getting the girl
like if he over doesn't go up wasn't
comfortable it's you know he would lower
his chances it's all about pay attention
to where she is and that's been very
successful myself and for a lot of my
students
how you guys ever gave me the beach
before you're gonna have to start making
moves okay so there are some girls over
there by then look no no what you guys
to do now make it easier for me look
around for for like maybe two girls or
something that one girl laying down see
that woman standing next to him that's
another one of Wayne's supposed
girlfriends introduced to us as Kelly
from Finland before leaving for the
beach we'd put a mic on Wayne and we're
rolling when he got into an argument
with Kelly as it he threatened not to
pay her she's not cooperating underneath
one kind of apparent exploitation we
found another because I have nothing I
want to pay a visit if you can bear in
camera I can do anything in one I get to
remember I'm always gonna have more
weapons and stuff like that okay just
don't look at leaves okay I'm
going to lose it all some crazy like
that
I've always been created it's why put
goes online and and dig for years and no
one does anything to me this to me if
you don't trust me this is doing list
right after this Wayne insisted we
interview her
are you a Justin innovation ship yes how
long before news huh okay and do you
have a tattoo yeah what is it mate
he's name his name why'd you get his
name tattooed I love him oh okay Wayne
scolded Kelly for her performance
afterward we repeatedly tried to talk to
Kelly alone but she refused or Wayne
intervened do you get permission to put
them online yeah of course I mean yeah a
lot of times I'm sick Jenny for example
she I told her and she was like okay and
they don't like if they don't want to I
just not show anything yeah simple
she said that video is up for a month
before you told her about it no she knew
that they bit of a poster she just
didn't ask me like when it was posted so
that's a clarification not she told me
and so is everything that happens in the
video real
yes did you pay Jenny or Kelly no did
you pay them to be on camera while we
were here no you didn't pay either of
them
oops she would do it for me because I'm
good to her as a you know as a boyfriend
I heard you say that you wouldn't pay
her if she didn't do the interview and
make you look good
oh yeah I told you to interview well
always I'm not going to be there / in
general not pay us nowadays right
basically I'm just like yo you know come
on you can do this you know say I know
I'm scanty come on don't do this you
make me upset you know I was like upset
because she seemed if she also seemed
upset about the camp think I don't know
if anybody wanna do this you know like
you know I have done a lot for you
I noticed that like a lot of the girls
in your videos are foreign why is that
so you know the American goes also but a
lot of more porn because you know in New
York and Miami is a lot of porn those
kind of some water you know this is not
like you know something that you guys
know excuse me uh-huh
I prefer just to talk to you about like
my teachings yeah I don't want to create
anything worse like too much about like
fishness about me like duty mistreating
people for days after our interview
Wayne took down all his beauty zinnias a
day later he released this cryptic
message announcing his retirement kind
of for now I'm just kind of like
relaxing you know sometimes everyone
needs a break but less than a week after
that he put a few of the old videos back
online
we asked YouTube of the sorts of videos
that Wayne and others post violate the
platform's Terms of Service we also
asked as the site ran ads on them and
what mechanisms YouTube has in place to
prevent such content from existing on
the site in the first place in response
a YouTube spokesperson provided a short
statement about their privacy complaint
process
even if Justin Wayne ends up quitting
the Internet
there will be plenty of other pickup
artists to take his place as well as
creators of every other shade of
questionable disturbing or potentially
illegal content and for now YouTube will
be there to take a cut that's the
beautiful thing about this stuff it is
just such a you know elegant work of art
beautiful science alright everything in
one that's vice news tonight for Monday
April 2nd
you
you
