misiek marta would kind of look around
and she would comment when people had
like very little food on their plates
but eating so well I see and you'd have
like a piece of chicken this big and
like a grain of rice Valeri Nasir sexual
abuse scandal deepened even further
today as authorities charged Nasser's
former boss at Michigan State with
criminal sexual conduct of his own and
willful neglect of duty by a public
official counts 3 and 4 applied to whose
supervision quite frankly his lack of
supervision of Larry Nasser these may
not be the only new charges the Texas
Rangers are conducting a criminal
investigation into the former USA
Gymnastics training center known as the
ranch which sits on the property of
legendary coaches Marta and Bela Karolyi
and may have given Nasir the perfect
place to abuse young athletes at will I
like that it's like down and dirty like
it's not about being pretty
it's not about perfecting your routines
it's simply self-defense
I find that empowering yes the workout
Maddy Larsson was a world-class gymnast
and a fan favorite she was an Olympic
hopeful but she quit at the height of
her career to escape the USA gymnastics
system over and over again in the victim
impact statements we heard USAG you know
it wasn't just about Larry Nasser it was
about the broader organization why was
that I don't think it's possible for
someone like Larry to get away with
doing what he did for 20-plus years if
it's not in the correct environment an
organization I just don't really see how
that would work
gymnastics is not like football or
basketball it's not a big part of high
school sports
so the Olympic path leads through
private clubs for girls who often start
intensive training when they're eight or
nine more than 3,000 clubs across all 50
states are governed by USAG and from
2001 to 2016 the power center of USAG
was national team coordinator Marta
Karolyi Bart is tough but it's tough
love and if there's one thing that's
been proven and reproving Andry proven
again for 30 years now is that the
k√°rolyi
method works it wins the medals that
these kids have desperately want Marta
Karolyi and her husband Bela defected
from Romania where they were celebrated
coaches they were known for winning
medals but also for harsh methods which
former gymnasts say crossed the line
from training to abuse karoli was so
successful in the u.s. that the
gymnastics Olympic Training Center came
to be located at their home in remote
Texas in 2011 where top gymnasts met for
about a week every month welcome to the
number one gymnastics podcast in the
galaxy and Jessica and here with Spencer
Jessa Coburn did gymnastics as a kid she
created gymnastic a podcast about
gymnastics in 2012 everybody knew her
was totally it was all out in the public
everybody knew she was super abusive
everybody knew what happened in Romania
and nobody cared and that kind of thing
can't go on anymore
so that's a huge deal Jim casick was one
of the only outlets to closely cover the
sport
and she got tips about the ranch what
were the rules of curly camp rules were
never show any weakness you don't talk
you don't giggle you workout twice a day
there's not a lot of time to do homework
or study up until February 2018 you
could not bring a parent or chaperone
with you to the ranch it's really culty
to like separate people from their
family like it's so cold
like if you met a stranger and they told
you those were the rules for making your
Olympic dreams happen when you just slap
them in the face and walk away
the Corollas lawyers didn't answer a
request for comment they have denied
abuse allegations in the past several
former elites have said there was no
nutritionists at the ranch in a sport
where your strength-to-weight ratio
matters cruelly favored thinness and
because club coaches had to please her
many of them favored than this to Larson
who started going to the ranch when she
was 13 eventually developed an eating
disorder did people put pressure on your
on you about your weight at the ranch
misiek Marta would kind of look around
and she would comment when people had
like very little food on their plate
like eating so well I see and you'd have
like a piece of chicken this big and
like a grain of rice
would you tired yes I was so tired I
always felt like I was gonna pass out at
the end of practice around the age of 15
or 16 I started taking so many laxatives
everyday and it was insane like my focus
of practice was not like gymnastics I
was like don't your pants in your
leotard gymnastics is dangerous and
injuries are common at the elite level
but the ranch was far from a hospital
when you needed treatment
you saw Nasser who in addition to
abusing athletes let them compete with
injuries she let us compete when we were
super injured after I had like one of my
worst injuries I don't hurt both of my
feet really badly at the same time he
didn't wrap them whatsoever I didn't get
a wheelchair I had to stay the rest of
the camp crawling on my hands and knees
or in that end room they were like
office chairs like rolling ones and I
roll around and that's how I got around
that's so crazy kingly and he's a doctor
I know I know but like what did well all
these adults do oh there's like a
teenage girl
crawling nothing
what was it like when you won your first
championship we just wait a bit too
event to event and halfway through bars
I just knew that we were gonna win and
it was like finally the corolla model is
not the only one that wins in CA a
gymnastics is known for being more
humane than the elite system valorie
Kondos field when six national
championships and she coached larson at
UCLA we bought into the belief that we
have to strip them of their voice and
their sense of individuality in order to
be successful and I don't believe that
what does that like sort of
reintroducing them to the broader worlds
I make a point of not talking to them
about gymnastics hardly at all when
we're in the gym I'll coach them about
gymnastics but when they stop by my
office I don't talk about gymnastics and
they're guarded and then you start to
see the shield start to part and they
start trusting so it's developing the
trust I care about the more as a human
being than an athlete college gymnasts
are allowed to have a personality they
also have medical care and education
many have nutritionists and since 1991
NCAA rules have said they're allowed to
practice only 20 hours a week less than
half of what most elites do I don't
blame Marta that's all she knew I blame
our system but embraced that way of
coaching we needed to supervise that we
need to have accountability for the
mental emotional and physical welfare of
our athletes we didn't do that instead
of challenging some of those techniques
there was more culture of don't ask
questions like this is what works right
yes USAG has changed the elite system it
shut down the ranch and it livestreams
the camps once held there in Pride
multiple congressional committees are
investigating us AG in February Congress
passed a law making reporting abuse
mandatory for organizations like it USA
gymnastics was fostering a culture that
put money and metals first far ahead of
the safety and well-being of athletes
u.s. AG told vice news it's cooperating
fully with the investigations but won't
comment on the ranch amid litigation
last week u.s. AG filed a motion to
dismiss lawsuits against it related to
NASA it's just time is really up like
the world doesn't have to be this way
yes there's always gonna be like evil
people in the world but they don't have
to get away with it you don't have to
just take it because I did that and it
sucks like it sucked
you
you
