I don't wear a cardigan to the Capitol
am I really a teacher you could follow
any teacher here brushing and the story
would be the same maybe well I don't
know I'll call you gotta go baby
another teacher leave you for school we
get her early don't be late
the growing opposition to the Vietnam
War we leave late it is definitely not a
cushiony job I think the plan to walk
out on April 2nd is unnecessary I don't
want to call it a necessary evil Lindsay
Stuart is a teacher at Bartlesville high
school but still has to work two jobs to
make ends meet this year she will make
34,000 $929 teaching a salary that
hasn't increased since she started
teaching 10 years ago my life as a
teacher is not just a teacher I have to
work a second job so I'm a teacher and a
photographer so my morning starts around
5:00 a.m. and then they end around 8:00
p.m. with picking up my daughter from
gymnastics and then 10 p.m. with all the
editing that I have to do for
photography so in between then I teach
for seven hours and then I take my kids
to their extracurricular activities and
then do my photo sessions and then do my
editing for my clients for photography
so my life as a teacher is very hectic
the average high school teacher in
Oklahoma makes forty-two thousand four
hundred sixty dollars which ranks 50th
in the nation many Oklahoma teachers
work second and even third jobs it is
humbling whenever there are students who
can graduate here and start working at a
convenience store for more money than
what I make as a teacher when I first
started teaching we had not a big budget
but a healthier budget Oklahoma
legislators say they've kept education
funding steady but as the number of
students in the state has
increased the budget per student has
decreased many teachers are leaving
Oklahoma to go to surrounding states
which on average pay better earlier this
month the teachers in Bartlesville
announced that they would walk out of
class on April 2nd if their demands for
salary and education funding increases
weren't met Bartlesville teachers have
been taking personal days every week to
lobby legislators in Oklahoma City on
Tuesday I went with a group of
colleagues to the Capitol to speak to
our representatives in our one senator
about what their solution was or the
education funding crisis and we didn't
get a lot of answers wanting you to fix
education and they're not wanting you to
do it through vouchers not wanting you
to reallocate funds there's no more we
can cut do we have to work 30 extra
hours a week another job just just food
on the table for my children and I don't
want to hear that it's the Democrats
fault or the Republicans fault I just
want to hear the solution I thought we
pay you to come here and do is to figure
this stuff out
so I was trying my hardest to not yell
and trying really hard to figure out
what was going on in Oklahoma City why
it's so slow why are we having to
suspend classes to get their attention
and unfortunately I didn't get a whole
lot of answers so we'll go back my
students have reacted to the movement in
a very positive way here at Bartlesville
we had a nun district sanctioned walk
out the students led it all on their own
we had nothing to do with it and spoke
about the need for higher pay for
teachers and for themselves for
education in general and the students
are very engaged my whole thing to them
is every movement I've ever taught them
in history
women's suffrage civil rights the labor
movement people stood up because they
knew what they what they were standing
up for was right I don't care which side
of the political aisle you fall on or a
few Falls smack dab in the middle and
what I want to do is make sure that I am
I am giving you the knowledge to empower
your voice we had a senator come to her
school and and told our children that a
teacher walkout wasn't going to change
anything it wasn't going to matter to
the legislators and I beg to differ when
you have 50 to 80 thousand maybe a
hundred thousand teachers show up at the
Capitol it's going to change things so I
need to have my second job doing
photography because I have to make up
the income that I'm missing out on being
a professional my daughter is very
active in gymnastics and is an advanced
gymnast this is what her dream is and so
my job as her parent is to make sure
they do everything possible to nourish
that dream and I'm like every other
teacher in the state we're just trying
to pay our bills I don't think any
teacher goes into the profession and
thinks oh my gosh I'm going to be a
millionaire
but we also don't think that we're gonna
be get that close to poverty I want to
be proud that I'm a teacher and I want
my own children to be proud of me so I
will continue to fight because I know
I'm worth more and I know when students
are worth more
you
