so we are walking into the Zika forest
right now with our pals from the Ugandan
virus Research Institute we are gonna
set up some insect traps and discover
new viruses this cow is today which
mosquitoes bite at different levels you
can see those extensions they could put
a monkey in a cage and then mosquitoes
are my babies and mas the aim was study
year of Eva transmission but in the
process they brought another virus it
was named Zika virus so this is the very
tower that was used to discover the
original Zika virus it was right here
long before the Zika outbreak in Brazil
caused global panic who was first
discovered here in Uganda in 1947
pathogens are constantly mutating and
acquiring new traits
some researchers monitor the mosquitoes
to track the emerging infections that
could ignite the next pandemic
therm skills flying all around me right
now doesn't fill me with warm and
fuzzies tropical forests like this are
breeding grounds for new viruses once
untouched human populations
now destroy around 7 million hectares of
forest each year allowing diseases to
have an easier time getting into human
populations there are houses right there
there's been encroachment upon the
forest and the airport has just passed
the houses one of the implications of
people living so close to this forest
they're targets for viruses that are
within is forest red spade hi kisses all
imaging and reminding infections
included populations each year a million
people are killed by diseases
transmitted from mosquitoes and with
increasing temperatures and population
growth that death toll is expected to
climb in the coming years the Zika
vaccine trials are progressing right now
and even though it's daunting to
vaccinate the entire world scientists
have proven they can eliminate threats
in 1967 the World Health Organization
launched a campaign to eliminate one of
the biggest killers in human history dr.
Larry brilliant was part of the team
that eradicated smallpox using a very
simple concept instead of going all
through India Bangladesh and kind of
vaccinate everybody we got the idea that
if we gave the vaccine only to those who
are closest to an infected person and
you put a ring around every infected
person with your scarce vaccine you
would abort the epidemic and that's what
worked we have a lot of vaccines but the
vaccines we have are for known viruses
when the next unknown virus jumps from
an animal to a human we're not gonna
have a vaccine on day one
these live bird markets are prevalent
throughout the developing world and the
tight quarters that these animals are in
make it very easy for pathogens and
infectious disease to spread from
animals to humans almost 70% of human
infections actually come from animals
dr. dennis piero gaba investigates the
threat of avian influenza in live bird
markets standing there
you could smell some little bit of stuff
from the cages now these are aerosols
that are coming from the cages and
should there be any infection in those
cages you automatically inhalable so
that smell that I was smelling over
there we were friendiy was an aerosol is
potentially really bad yeah if there was
any potential pathogen that was within
those poultry they'll likelihood that
you'd pick it up for boozers as the buds
fluff their feathers is very kind there
is a high concentration of poultry from
different regions where they are exposed
and come in with different infections
there is slaughtering of these buds
within the markets in very unhygenic
conditioners and if these are zoonotic
then you expose and get this infection
into the human population could you
define or explain what cyanosis is a
zoonosis is a disease that is
transmitted from animals to humans the
typical example is for example influenza
and they are fights many
with the population increases in these
countries should the world be afraid of
a crazy bird flu pandemic at a level
that we've never seen before for now the
major threat actually is those diseases
that we are unable to find treatment for
or partake in soon attic disease poses a
unique threat transmitted from bodily
fluids the deadly Ebola epidemic was
exacerbated by the poorly developed
health systems and living conditions in
West Africa the SARS outbreak was less
lethal but struck wealthy countries as
it went airborne and spread between
people and cities and hospitals we are
truly in the middle of the evolution of
an epidemic global health systems were
unprepared as these diseases devastated
people around the globe but if a disease
as deadly as Ebola could transmit
through the air like SARS the
consequences would be dire in the
Netherlands a scientist proved just how
easily this mutation could occur dr. Ron
Fouchier demonstrated how he genetically
modified the h5n1 bird flu virus to
transmit through the air
we took an avian h5n1 bird flu virus
which is normal fecal-oral transmitted
and we genetically modified it to
investigate what it would take to turn
this into an airborne transmissible
virus in humans
so how exactly did you pull it out
we took information from the pandemic
viruses of the last century and
engineered a bird flu virus to have some
of these mutations and the idea is very
simple you have a ferret in one cage
that you inoculate with a virus
and these two animals are separated by
two steel grid so if the animal on the
right becomes infected the virus must
have traveled through the air from the
ferret on left all pandemics strains of
flu the last century had acquired this
trait of airborne transmission we only
needed five substitutions in two
different genes for this virus to become
airborne deadly airborne virus is
potentially a nightmare scenario so why
created to prove that the h5n1 bird flu
virus could acquire the trade so
becoming airborne transmissible so now
we can find out exactly what it takes
for an animal virus to become airborne
despite the breakthrough of his findings
dr. Fouch aise works and shockwaves
through the international community
there are a lot of concerns about your
findings being out in the public yes so
when we submitted our manuscripts for
publication
the US government judged that our
manuscript could be used by people to
construct biological weapons or terror
we argued that the information that we
collected had to be sent back to the
countries where outbreaks are occurring
to inform the people about what to be on
the lookout for you eventually did
publish your findings is that correct
that's correct we convinced the World
Health Organization to have a meeting
with the countries that were facing
outbreaks to explain why they would need
the information and so the people in
Uganda or in Indonesia or China who do
surveillance can be on the lookout for
the mutations and the biological traits
associated with increased risk when
you're doing in a lab is happening in
nature all the time absolutely through
pandemics happen every 20-30 years
without any involvement of scientists
mad scientist's or good scientists what
we did in lab was nothing different from
what is happening in animals around the
globe every day when an animal virus
mutates and spreads into the human
population it inevitably causes chaos
panic as the Ebola crisis spiraled out
of control in 2014 the US government
spent two point four billion dollars in
response more than a quarter of the us's
entire annual global health budget
pushing scientists like dr. brilliant to
find more pre-emptive solutions for
future outbreaks we have to strengthen
Public Health in the poorest countries
to make ourselves safe human beings are
only as strong as our weakest
surveillance system this is one instance
where America first means working with
the poorest countries of the world to
protect them out of selfishness our own
enlightened self-interest Uganda is now
at the forefront of deadly disease
monitoring with a remarkably effective
bio surveillance system that was
implemented with the help of American
health agencies in the US Army his
motorcycle guys there's a whole network
of them they ride around pick up blood
samples and they take it from the local
clinics to the bigger hospitals it was
originally set up to deal with the
hiv/aids epidemic and then they had a
very smart idea to piggyback the
examination of the blood samples for
other infections like Ebola SARS yellow
fever is very low fee and rudimentary
and cheap but it's working through that
surveillance system that is now in place
we are capable of reducing
antivirus upgrades are detected early in
2007 146 people were infected by a small
Ebola outbreak in Uganda since then
three outbreaks have emerged here but
this bio surveillance system help
prevent each one from spreading beyond
25 infections it's not just surveillance
of humans
it's surveillance of animals who could
carry a virus that we don't know about
but has potential for human disease the
sample for poultry and swine for rapid
virus detection so that immediately
variable detected before it spreads out
massive echeveria if we have good
pandemic preparation if we find
outbreaks quickly we won't have that
pandemic it's our option outbreaks are
inevitable pandemics are optional
you
