yep get out my mom would not like that
at all
I thought it was a really good solo and
that this sort of moment when you go
like okay now you're merely showing off
never happened
I did I didn't expect it to go jazz wise
I thought it was gonna stay in kind of
more the soft rock style I'm not going
to say it but I have a guess who that is
Stone Temple Pilots wait I don't I don't
know oh you think about this band
wait clearly I don't either that's
surprising
that Rob Halfords voice he's got like a
12 let's call it 14 knocked of range
nothing but power a little disconnect to
me about hearing a song so defiant but
recorded that pristinely I'm just that
little guitar like lick that comes in
after the first line it's just so
tasteful and then yep that was either
Stone Temple Pilots or Judas Priest I
can't decide which one it really is a
very awkward position because people
work extremely hard on what they do and
to like sit in judgment of it it's
probably not something that I would put
on
I enjoy a screaming voice screaming the
town's joyful there should be more of
that in general in music I think it's
Alice bag Wow
also current far out killer er uh a lot
of music out there we're not aware yeah
you
