following the Cambridge analytical
revelations many Facebook users are now
considering Oh someone I went to school
with got engaged good for them
sorry Facebook users are now considering
deleting their Facebook accounts the
hashtag to leave Facebook has been all
over Twitter because all Facebook users
are super considerate and don't want to
say these things in front of Facebook's
face now it's being said that at the
beginning of the end for the site except
that headliners from 2009 it's sure been
a long beginning well friends are
interested in or going to an event near
me the thing is people will be mad at
Facebook for years in 2006 Facebook
introduced the newsfeed upsetting users
worried that non friends could see too
much info about them the Facebook
boycott was organized Zuckerberg
defended the newsfeed saying Facebook is
about real connections to actual friends
which is a very good point in hello I do
want to see the biggest ball of forever
in 2008 and 2009 respectively Facebook
rolled out a redesign and added
real-time status updates to compete with
Twitter to which millions formed
Facebook groups to protest looks like
someone's having a baby
in 2010 Facebook introduced opt-out
privacy settings
soon after Zuckerberg had said that
privacy is no longer a social norm quit
Facebook day was created and 30,000 of
the 500 million users took part and in
just about every year since people have
had every reason to continue to looks
like someone's at the beach people have
had every reason to want to delete
Facebook whether it's because the FTC
found people's private information had
been shared or a network of Russian bots
were revealed to have been posting
all over the site but this time it's
different this time when a friend posts
on Facebook that they're quitting
Facebook when you inevitably forget to
send them your personal email address
know that it's for real because
Cambridge analytic arounds like a
fancier lofty a moment to quit
company and flee for Instagram the other
side owned by Facebook and to those of
you still on Facebook don't forget to
tell all your friends
you
you
