tonight we are not going back to the
days when blatant disdain for women and
sexual assault survivors was the norm we
can take all the guns out of our society
still not going to stop suicide India's
Supreme Court cited privacy concerns in
striking down parts of the world's
largest biometric ID system which
requires Indians to scan their
fingerprints and irises to access social
services a panel ruled four to one to
ban schools investigators without
warrants and private companies from
requiring the ID but the court upheld it
for most public services including
filing taxes a new study found UN
officials severely underestimated the
number of people who died in South
Sudan's Civil War nearly three hundred
and eighty-two thousand people were
killed according to the study funded by
the US State Department a jump compared
to a 2016 estimate that 50,000 people
died the Environmental Protection Agency
placed its top official at the office of
children's health protection on
administrative leave without an
explanation
critics say the suspension of dr. Ruth
Etzel slows down in office that suggests
policy to those more vulnerable to
pollution since President Trump took
office more than a thousand workers have
left the EPA and Congress cut its budget
for next year by a hundred million
dollars Bill Cosby is a convicted felon
who's been designated a sexually violent
predator but his star on the Hollywood
Walk of Fame will stay right where it is
after petitioners asked the Hollywood
Chamber of Commerce to remove it the
organization said the stars only
commemorate the recipients professional
accomplishments and they're intended to
be permanent
less than 24 hours before the hearing
where Brett Kavanaugh is set to face
accusations of sexual assault
a third accuser step forward today her
name is Julie sweat neck and in a signed
declaration released today she alleged
that Brett Kavanaugh was present at
drunken parties in the 1980s where he
and other boys allegedly tried to spike
girls drinks and take turns raping them
sweat nick says that she herself was the
victim of a gang rape where Cavanaugh
and his friend Mark judge were present
Julie sweat Nick has worked for the
government and had security clearances
according to the affidavit
Republicans seized on the fact that
sweat Nick's lawyer is Michael avenatti
so did President Trump he also admitted
that his personal experience is
affecting his view of the situation so
I've had numerous accusations about me
they mean they made false statements
about me people want Fame they want
money it's a con job by the Democrats
they know it in Washington Democratic
women held an event to insist that we
take survivors stories seriously despite
the best efforts of President Trump
Senator McConnell in the Senate
Judiciary Committee Republicans we are
not going back to the days when blatant
disdain for women and sexual assault
survivors was the norm what they're
pushing back on is an old and pernicious
idea that women who come forward to
accuse men are liars we don't actually
know what happened at those early
eighties house parties but
criminologists do know what false rape
accusations tend to look like first
they're rare between two and ten percent
of rape accusations turn out not to be
true the journalist Sandra Newman
studied the National Registry of
exonerations and found that since 1989
only 52 men were exonerated of sexual
assault convictions because of a false
accusation during that time 790 people
were exonerated for murder
Numan analyzed a lot of social science
research in this area and found that the
people who make false rape accusations
tend to fall in a few categories they
are often mentally ill or have a history
of fraud sometimes they see potential
monetary gain by for example claiming
their rape on government property in
order to sue or their teens push by
their parents to report a sexual
encounter as rape what we know about the
Cavanaugh accusers just doesn't match up
with those profiles we also know what a
false accusation tends to sound like
it's usually resent the story is usually
unambiguous about the lack of consent
and the accusation tends to have
outrageous details take the 2014 Rolling
Stone story about a gang rape at UVA
later proved false
the story was lurid the subject claims
she was thrown through a glass table
raped on top of the shards and called it
by her attackers we spoke to Katherine
Telus who co-authored a 2012 study that
was part of Newman's analysis they
looked at policing and prosecuting
sexual assault in Los Angeles the
allegations that have been put forth
against brat Kavanagh cannot be
immediately dismissed based simply on
the delayed reporting on the contrary
delayed reporting and issues surrounding
memory are very common particularly
involving cases with non strangers where
there is shame or victim doubt about the
veracity of the claim and when the
suspect is someone who has notoriety of
some sort in society so that adds
dimensions in terms of a victim
apprehension to come forward so in a
week when everything feels extraordinary
it's worth noting that based on the
evidence we have the most extraordinary
thing would be if these women were
making the
accusations up I don't believe Brett
Kavanaugh is a serial rapist there's
nothing in his background the way he
lived his life to give legitimacy to
these claims as to miss Ford I look
forward to hearing from her tomorrow as
much as Senator Lindsey Graham says he
wants to hear from one of Brett
Cavanaugh's accusers it sounds like he's
made up his mind and it's not the first
time Republicans have taken this awkward
position there was an earlier case 27
years ago from which you might have
thought we would have learned something
but the past couple of weeks makes it
clear that we haven't learned much at
all American attitudes toward sexual
harassment have changed drastically
since Anita Hill made her explosive
charge against Clarence Thomas in 1991
he talked about pornographic materials
depicting individuals with large penises
or large breasts involved in various sex
acts but Republicans now seem to be
pulling from the same playbook to back
up Brett Kavanaugh manas Cooney was a
Republican lawyer on the Judiciary
Committee in 1991 later rising to chief
counsel he says once a confirmation
reaches this level of political theater
it's really all about the optics with
justice Thomas's hearings there was a a
a desire to get to the truth and the
truth is a pretty subjective again it's
not as if there's an Oracle is going to
come down or the Lord Almighty will come
down and declare who was telling the
truth this is it's a subjective
determination it's really left to the
members themselves to decide who they
believe the public sees the nominee as
the person we believe they are I think
the challenge is it's about trying to
humanize the person in 1991
Thomas categorically denied the
allegations portraying himself as the
victim this is high-tech lynching I
cannot shake off these accusations
because they play to the war
stereotypes we have about black men in
this country in Kavanagh is prepared
opening remarks for tomorrow's hearing
he uses similar rhetoric saying he's the
victim of quote grotesque and obvious
character assassination Republicans
tried to defend Clarence Thomas's
character by attacking his accusers it
seems to me you didn't really intend to
kill him but you might have and that's
pretty heavy I don't care if you're a
man or a woman and they're doing the
same now with some caveats for one
Republicans have hired an outside female
counsel to question Christine Blasi Ford
probably to avoid moments like these now
that you have read the FBI report you
can see that it contains no reference to
any mention of Judge Thomas's private
parts or sexual prowess or size and the
hearing will be much shorter than the
two full days senators had to question
Hill and Thomas tomorrow they'll have
just five minutes each for questioning
Jeff Peck was counsel for Judiciary
Committee Democrats during the hill
Thomas drama he thinks there's risk for
both Democrats and Republicans during
the hearing this is just a short change
process that we're looking at for
tomorrow I think if you're the nominee
you want to be confirmed in the most
legitimate way possible there are going
to be doubts and clouds that hang over
judge Cavanaugh because the process was
rushed now what do you think is the
biggest concern for Democrats this time
around I think you know there's there's
ways to question judge Kavanagh it's
coming across as fair and even-handed
trying to get to the truth I would hope
members don't use their five minutes to
make a speech but even Cooney the
Republican admits that the GOP faces
most of the risk during tomorrow's
hearing
he noted the aggressive grilling of
anita hill damaged the party in the 1992
election legacy of that earring is a
woman made a allegation of sexual
harassment and was examined and taken to
task by a group of a committee of white
men and that had consequences in the
ensuing election was the year of the
woman
Dianne Feinstein got elected senator
moseley-braun got elected a number of
women got elected to the Senate
determined that was a year out from
election day now we're six weeks away
and polling is already shown the
Republican Party is struggling with
female voters the last thing they need
is to give Democrats another opportunity
to argue the GOP is anti-woman twice a
year Jennifer Daniels makes the rounds
to the gun stores near her home in
western Colorado and then this is a
great thing you can add to your training
yes
she's a volunteer with the gun shop
project which recruits gun dealers to
help tackle the state's high suicide
rates okay these the other ones I make
sure they all get out great places what
are you trying to achieve from these
conversations today to gain more
awareness so I'm hoping that this these
materials this project will prompt a
conversation for somebody looking to
purchase a gun that they maybe have
convinced themselves that they want for
protection
I really they want to use it to kill
themselves programs like the gun shop
project are now in 20 states I brought
you more lifeline cards they're part of
a shift by suicide prevention groups to
a more pragmatic approach to gun based
suicide this is what the new posters
look like their materials talk about the
warning signs of depression and safety
measures like gun locks and temporary
off-site storage but they say nothing
about getting rid of guns altogether and
some of them come
from an unlikely ally the gun industry
through its trade group the National
Shooting Sports Foundation the truth is
suicide and guns are hard to separate
more than half of all suicides are by
firearm and suicide rates are
consistently highest in states with the
highest availability of guns that's why
a lot of suicide prevention workers have
focused on gun control as the best way
to reduce suicides but the gun shop
project is betting on something else
that it's more effective to work with
the gun community than against it
Susan Becker helps monitor the project
in Colorado what would happen in Mesa
County if suicide prevention and gun
control were the same conversation we
wouldn't get anywhere we wouldn't be
having the conversation is that
uncomfortable for some people in the
suicide prevention community um I don't
know it was it's occasionally
uncomfortable for me how come um because
part of my brain says you know if we did
what Scotland did and got rid of
firearms we wouldn't have this problem
I'm also a realist more than anything
else and that's not a practical point of
view it's too early to say if the
practical approach works so far outreach
projects like the one in Colorado only
measure how many stores they're in
nationwide is about 8,000 you're doing
good really good by having this stuff
here and just being aware so thank you
that means counting partners like
Jerry's Damon has a win you never know
it only takes one and I have had some
people that have come in years ago they
bought a gun went home unfortunately
took their life so yeah do you worry
about that though that somebody might
buy a firearm here and use it to kill
themselves do I worry about it yeah not
very much I mean I have 2,500 guns in
here right now
they just don't jump up off the shelf
and start randomly going by schools and
shooting people when somebody settles in
their mind that they want to take their
life I mean your experts will tell you
they can talk and talk and talk but if
they've settled it in their mind it may
take them five years but they'll do it
they also say though that if you have a
gun around it's easier and it might be
more likely that you do it on a whim
rather than it could be that could be I
don't know that those figures but we can
take all the guns out of our society ban
everything and take them all the way
you're still not going to stop suicide
and you're not going to stop crime
you're not gonna stop violence ain't
gonna happen so
Zuka quistis mastica mr. sanella don't
follow
okay mother took itself with Sunita Oh
she'll talk with sujeto
Xavier oaken salato Ultra spastic but
saucy triangulated l kb the quest osaka
so to sarivola causally Shiva but major
the poem securement Micanopy Apollo's
pinata in Alta Sochi bo / ki Madison
yeah because of the Monza okay eg bow
echo look at Sheila presenta well okay
same oh no yoga commentary 200 kg
baggage specimens are not the phone
yo simply forgotten initiative is
Tatiana Paxos opposite of contacto con
la no hasta la mia for the past ten
years
SP not say who's been operating as Cibo
traveling around northern italy painting
pictures of produce and italian dishes
on abandoned walls in 2008 his friend
died after a group of men beat him
viciously in the street after an
argument Cibo blamed the group's
connection to the far right and six
years ago decided to turn his art into a
weapon benin Yoko go to Timmy's kid see
super stupid irony still avoid fatigue a
mental fatigue list a caprese goes like
a poster custom until obtained a patio
photo Mughals Popo in escrito de caso
pon de esta modesta Sinhala que la
piscina a a purple mondo percale in
pasilla Covina Delhi India ela literacy
yoga the mozzarella Tatiana
Lavinia Chivo says the hateful graffiti
has always been there but the recent
rise of neo-fascism throughout the
country has made his job more difficult
if she's must atone momento booyah there
are no sustar here
little Jia allowed Yola division k4
she's manga ivalice you eat ramen it is
to support it ideology yo tomb eater
Lavazza pokemon go to Mathura FAFSA a
poppy Pakistan motive aqua BMO punto de
Medici oh and Passat oh no we're ammonia
alum aluminum are decent dividend take a
parody for she's mangy the trouble they
have inter Botti the quantity hope you
moderna cannot find symbol in my poem we
go no audio a division on a funnel the
his log and we attack ananka manifested
alice vasta Colette Celtic opera teapot
with two audio a solid shot a negly
button so to know that she's we cancel
early tutti systematic comment was
recruited anime until it's seven minutes
s with shorts Allah o military so takasi
non-person da beast ito the Cibo
in the Terminator post-professional
based on device on yato
David tsunami Punta Navy a design yato
also a to Ptolemy Hagen Hey Oh G and the
amo quick
Viva dr. Smith with Vivid Uche una mano
Mussolini so Aviva Dukes listen y'all
known affected epoch meetin okay no
you're not Sonali camera Cantona party
John Ultima VI we thought my lovely
bella ciao
but so we need mismo but so particle or
seminary
hello everything gonna seek the dish to
change though sia appropriate
representing barista yes no the nostril
Gloria and gbajabiamila this DK anchor
go in reverse the cheetah to Beatriz
Russia only foreigner a la setup you
call about type you mana
guesting it could mean so many things
know that Martin spendable Evans
you raise me up in another line who's
the hunter in question Oh like let's be
honest that's June right you raise me up
so June since like a big like a
big Disney Sun you know from like a
French
myself with analytics not sometimes it
hurts to be loved me I like the guitars
guitars alright my street I like it kind
of trashy I mean the guitar sound and
that kind of rhythm made me think the
freezer
yeah but then not when the Bushman
are we still getting away with the air
corner that's point come on let's make
them illegal I feel like that is this
sound like 2007 or so I think 99% of
people the program music don't have a
programming style that you can identify
with then like five seconds I also love
that like like not all of his notes
circuit and concert they're like rice
but like micro totally as well and you
can tell things are dressed in pitch
wise all over the shop ah yeah well I
feel like it's I don't know what gives
it like humanity I want to know that
actually beings made it you know yeah
yeah he also has a really great sense of
melody as well which i think is reread
like electronic musicians like guys
another great thing about what he does
but yeah I'm a super fan my opinion
do you have that email that you found
sent to him
I do yeah so I wrote I wonder if you're
forced to think about it every day like
I am I wonder if you know that it's in
your power to put a stop to this for me
it's always been in your power how did
you feel when you receive an email hope
being so honest really brought me to the
table and made me realize that I need to
deal with this this offers an
opportunity for survivors to get what
they actually say that they need which
is a voice
you
you
