last year 22 year old R&B singer Brent
fiies caught a break he was featured on
the song crew which ended up getting 67
million YouTube views and a Grammy
nomination a record deal would seem like
the logical next step and all the big
labels Atlantic Interscope and epic
offered one but Brent and his manager
turned them down
what were they offering well I know the
highest offer we got was kind of like a
quarter minute I'll advance and it was
like a $300,000 recording budget but for
album one I always said it was never
about the money it was always about the
terms I didn't get everything from a
hundred percent of a pot so when people
say well industry standard for new
artists is 18 percent royalty and
they're gonna say 18 percent royalty
it's very high and I'm thinking to
myself I'm like 18 percent out of a
hundred what are you doing in 82 percent
of my music you know me it's tough just
don't make no sense Brent and I are
comfortable with trading more work for
more control so comfortable that they
broke the music industry taboo against
opening their books and showed us what
they make and how they make it it's
bound to happen they began by
incorporating lost kids LLC and
investing thirty thousand dollars out of
their own pockets to record Brent's
debut album they then went on a
three-month tour using streaming data to
guide the way chance the rapper brands
and ty were inspired by chance the
rapper and his partner Pat the manager
Corcoran who found wealth and acclaim on
their own terms
if something music attorney Richard
Grable has seen much more of over the
past two years instead of looking for
deals artists come to him for advice on
how to avoid labels streaming changed
everything you can be a moderately
successful indie artist having a couple
of hundred thousand streams on each
track you're not going to make much
money from that but at that level if
things break the right way you can play
large clubs and small theaters and make
money
artists have to be smarter and they they
have to tour more and they have to do
more to keep making sure that the fans
come and that they not only pay for a
ticket but you know buy a t-shirt yeah
definitely we need to know about our
analytics are down there has been
several ladies deaths found the music to
Pandora in January
brent made twenty five thousand three
hundred and fifty dollars from streaming
on Spotify and Apple music which pay out
point zero zero three five of the
dollars and point zero seven one of a
dollar respectively tie mines the data
for those streams to find out exactly
where and when a show will sellout
spending roughly eighteen dollars a day
on ads targeted to those areas the data
tells me what a demand is in the market
so I just know in certain markets how
screaming correlates to like how many
tickets are potentially can sale I'm
looking at my Spotify and my soundcloud
analytics like the top fifty markets so
I'm doing a spaced on those top two the
markets I will spend the money there
because that's what the data already
told me Spotify data not only highlights
basic fan metrics but it also tells
artists specifically where their super
fans are these are fans that have
streamed the artist music for forty five
days in a row
Spotify targets them with updates about
upcoming shows and ticket pre-sales and
turns all of this data over to the
artist for free
in philadelphia brent has 13,600
listeners in 3180 six superfans I use
those numbers to sell out the venue and
earn almost $4,000 and in Baltimore
there were 10,000 listeners and 5743
superfans that turned into $5,000 after
17 tour stops and royalties from song
placements they walk away with around
$30,000 a month ty takes 20% after the
data showed him there were strong fan
bases in Europe ty was able to extend
the tour and sellout stops in London
Paris and Berlin I didn't want to be in
D you know I mean it was like I really
wanted to come out like stuntin long you
just put like the indie route kind of
showing me I'm impressed by what chance
and Pat was able to create so for me I'm
a competitor so when I see that we can
do this and put up points on the board
and get nominated for Grammy and be a
part of those type of records I'm
impressed by that you know that
you
