we're here at the White House about to
head into the press room for the media's
daily briefing during the Trump
administration that there's been a lot
of tensions playing out between the
mainstream media and alternative news
sources that have been spreading fake
news and often that battle plays out
inside the classroom so what's the go
you're gonna be pooping the whole
briefing yeah I'll see what the vibe is
you want people to watch what you do as
your own branch Mike son of it is part
of a new class of conservative and media
personalities who garnered huge
popularity online throughout the 2016
election and a now gaining access to the
White House press room I hope you guys
had a good weekend it was definitely a
busy one for the Trump administration
over 27,000 people watched as Mike side
of it live streamed the briefing your
questions
Jill John Sarah supporters the media
endorses violence well I think there's
there's an economic piece to this as
well
what about violence gets from supporters
has happened in Berkeley and again I'm
just gonna let the but the president
will have an opportunity to speak with
him about those objectives so with that
I'll see you guys tomorrow
have a great Trump supporters is it
being covered why is that why will
nobody here cover the violence against
Trump supporters and why won't you
demand that leaders and the Democrats
disavowed the violence min T fuh the way
you demanded Trump disavow violence from
his supporters you have no answer I am
Adam and it's very important that this
get out there thank you
I didn't see actual you know I didn't
see any real journalism there a lot of
high school kids in there got to take
you back behind the scenes and we'll
talk soon
get something get something billet I do
I want the violence against Trump
supporters to be I want to hold the
Democrats for the fire and here's what I
know here's the way I know timeout
it's the White House right you want to
hold the Democrats to fire go to the
Democrats you have a point of view and I
understand but you don't understand
journalism you don't understand what
we're really here for and that's what
pisses me off you're like every other
goddamn guy comes in with a
opinion and instead of listening instead
of really finding out the issues do you
want to you want to grandstand at the
end of a goddamn meeting I just want to
see the violence against Trump
supporters which is rampant I'm gonna
see some actual leadership from the
media on that and I want to see the holy
interests come reporters the full Sun of
it fancies himself as a political
reporter he was a little-known blogger
on the Internet's ultra fringes we might
have some breaking news during the 2016
election he began spreading pro-trump
propaganda and conspiracy theories about
Hillary Clinton a lot of you don't have
the trained eye so you might not be able
to see this right away but she's doing
Parkinson's shuffling he now has over
half a million followers across multiple
platforms to get a better sense of his
operation we went to his house slash
headquarters in Orange County every day
I think how am I gonna build a platform
and make it bigger the old days of you
know I'm just like out on one guy and I
work for the whatever newspaper that's
how you become a relevance how you die
to stay relevant son of it spends his
days periscoping to his followers from a
bedroom come studio upstairs so here it
is
as you see I use half these cobble
together here so this computer here will
be my YouTube this one will be my
periscope these are my burner phones and
I could do a lot more if I had more
stuff yeah you can make yourself sound
bigger than you are exactly well it
depends on how you measure impact right
how many individual journalists get more
views I do a month you know not many and
we're back
hottest story of the day of course is
that CNN staging the fake news media
thing just a camera guy in the
background by the way we did we did
allow the enemy into the house I met
this person Isabel you wanna say hi as a
bomb hi guys
I met Isabela how do you say your last
name Isis fake news what are you talking
about here you can sit down they can't
see on YouTube some people are happy
some people are done so tell are you
Isis right let's invest the new things
seeing in as Isis is kind of like a new
thing so what are you trying to do here
what are you trying to achieve just like
hanging out really so what I'm when I go
live I can actually feel parts on my
brain activated because I'm plugging out
of this physical world and I'm plugging
into this collective consciousness this
collective matrix anyway I'll be coming
back tonight to do a live show so like
and subscribe do you think that it's the
failings of the mainstream media that
has allowed for the rise of people like
you oh for sure because they didn't want
to cover the county stories you thought
were important if you don't cover
stories that a lot of people want to
hear about then that's a market
opportunity for other people and that
vacuum is gonna be kind of filmed I'm
gonna ask you a few questions actually
which will be yes or no do you believe
that Hillary Clinton was involved in a
child pedophilia ring I believe
definitely that whore story so no do you
believe that Hillary Clinton was
involved in a child well it depends on
how you define it because there's
multiple definitions of that on the 3rd
of November so five days before the
election you tweeted the Clintons were
running a pedophilia ring it's been in
the emails all the time we just weren't
able to see the code
yeah I don't agree with that you don't
agree with that I definitely don't think
the Clintons are personally running a
pedophilia so why did you write it
that was worded and precisely it was
more than well Anthony Weiner is a
pedophile and they're connected with him
Bill Clinton officiated his wedding well
if you know that it's not true why it's
nothing it's not true it says it's
worried and popular in fact I would
rework things definitely more carefully
on Twitter so we're pretty aggressively
tweeted this you tweeted the idea that
they were very heavily involved in a PDF
in Adobe also hashtag the gate very
aggressively which led to this shooting
in a comic pizza restaurant in DC
exclusive tonight on the conspiracy
theory that came to be known as pizza
gate an armed gunmen stormed a pizza
place in Washington DC known as comet
ping-pong please say well stroeve's six
hours from Salisbury North Carolina to
self investigate a conspiracy known
online as pizza game do you understand
or if you acknowledge the dangers which
were involved in spreading this sort of
false information well people spawned
that whole pizza thing out of completely
what away from what I was taught but can
you understand the connection between
the two I definitely believe the
Clintons are connect with pedophiles and
pedophilia the connection you understand
that one is connected to the other and
that you tweeting about pizza gate and
you tweeting about the Clintons being
involved in pedophilia ring led to this
shooting in broad daylight in a pizza
restaurant in DC no because I'm not
connected to what other people are
saying on the Internet on any given day
on the internet piece so you absorb all
responsibility when it goes out on the
Internet I'm responsible for what I talk
about and for what I say I'm not
responsible for what other people talked
about you think you're one of the best
journalists in the country on the merit
oh for sure yeah for sure but the people
who are gonna watch this on Vice or an
HBO they're not my people so you guys
could create this like carpet sure of a
madman in a monster and maybe two or
three people who follow me on Twitter
like even watching so we live now in
like parallel structures right now
there's no shared set of facts of the
country
we wanted to know how polarizing
America's media landscape has become so
we visited MIT Media Lab where Eugene Yi
and his team analyzed millions of
political tweets throughout the 2016
presidential campaigns so what are we
actually seeing from these are people on
Twitter who are following each other the
red indicates the Trump supporters the
blue the Clinton supporters and then the
Green Sanders supporters each tiny dot
represents the user tweeting about
politics with the fine lines showing
shared Twitter connections between them
clustering them into tribal networks
there's very few connections as you see
it's very sparse Trump supporters are
connected and very tightly clustered
into their own information world
secondly if you look at the pattern of
how these Trump supporters use Twitter
they actually tweet four times more than
the average Clinton supporter so did it
not come as much of a surprise to you
the truck won with all this passion
behind him here well more than the
passion I think seeing where the
journalists are located in this network
was way more indicative of some kind of
missing feedback loop what you see here
blinking in blue are the verified
journalists and the yellow represent
unverified journalists verified and
unverified journalists so all the way
over here there's no journalists
connecting to the judges do that isn't
that very interesting
so I mean Trump has a real point when he
says we're not listening to the people
who really matter because these people's
views are not being represented at least
on Twitter we see that there is a
separation of where the journalists and
who the journalists are following and no
one is really listening or plugged into
this Trump supporter graph this suggests
that we are missing fundamentally as a
society some of the voices that led to
you know Trump's success these voices
included many formerly fringe bloggers
and outright personalities who saw a
golden opportunity to speak directly to
trump supporters and create a mass
movement online to elect him as
president all of these false attacks are
absolutely beneficial
we're only bigger social media feeds
across the country were flooded with
their pro Trump messaging along with
highly targeted adverts fueled by mass
amounts of personal information mine
from the internet in the case of the
Trump campaign the controversial data
targeting company Cambridge analytic er
claim to have been integral to Trump's
victory reportedly using an analytics
technique called psychometrics we were
able to use data to identify that there
was very large quantities of persuadable
voters there that could be influenced to
vote for the Trump campaign psychologist
Macaulay Kaczynski is not affiliated
with Cambridge analytic er but he is an
expert in the field of psychometrics
psychometrics aims at measuring
psychological traits a computer model
just by looking at the books you're
reading movies that you're watching or
websites that you're visiting would be
able to infer your political views with
an accuracy that is not achievable to
human judges do you think that people
realized at the time that their own
digital footprint and that this big data
was being used to actually target them
with personalised adverts I think that
people do not realize how much an
algorithm can know about them the same
algorithm can also be used to reveal
your intimate traits without your
knowledge and without your consent which
clearly creates huge risks for the
individuals and the forces before the
society as a whole
well Cambridge analytical has denied any
wrongdoing UK regulatory authority has
named them as part of a widespread
investigation into use of data analytics
for political purposes in that country
there's only proof at all of the
effectiveness of psychometrics in the
most recent election one of the pieces
of evidence is to look at the amount of
money that has been spent on it
politicians very much like companies or
rational beings and
won't throw money at something that
doesn't work cambridge analytic has
since backtracked claiming it never used
psychometrics for the Trump campaign
after all but political campaigns around
the world are pumping money into the use
of big data for elections in fact one of
trumps top donors billionaire computer
scientist Robert Mercer invested
millions of dollars into Cambridge
analytic Oh
Mercer did not respond to our requests
for an interview but we spoke with David
magaman he was a key architect of
Mercer's billion-dollar hedge fund
algorithms for nearly 20 years
journalist cut themselves denied that
they really have much impact on the
elections do you think that that can be
the case I don't believe that's possible
Bob Mercer is he's a lot of things one
thing he uses brilliant if he invested
the kind of money that he invested in
Cambridge analytic oh and if he asked
candidates that he wanted to win to use
Cambridge analytic oh he's doing it
because he knows it works magaman is
suing Mercer for wrongful termination
claiming he was fired for speaking to
the press about mass's involvement with
the Trump campaign versus Attorney has
described McMahon's allegations as
Meritus wealthy people and businessman
have always given sizable donations to
politicians and to political campaigns
what's so different about what rogue
boomers has done I think that there's a
new wave of political donors that aren't
buying overwhelming influence over the
views of the people who they're
supporting one of masses key
collaborators in obtaining that
influence has been Trump's former chief
strategist and executive chairman of
Breitbart news Steve Bannon Bannon also
formerly served as a vice president of
Cambridge analytic oh and Mercer pumped
millions into Breitbart news which was
used as a strategic pro-trump tool
during the election Bob Mercer saw
before most people the impact that non
mainstream media could have on
manipulating voters and on getting
people to believe what he wanted them to
believe and when the mainstream media
began reporting on full sin firm ation
spread by these new alternative outlets
a war over facts arose between the two
sides
look alternative facts are not facts
they're falsehoods this has been fuelled
by the president's personal crusade
against the Trudeau
impressed media outlets like CNN and
MSNBC are fake news we now live in a
world where any facts II disagree with
can be labeled fake leading to a record
low of only 32% of the population now
actually trusting the press one of
trumps favorite targets on his wall on
mainstream media is CNN and the senior
White House correspondent Jim Acosta
aren't you concerned sir that you are
undermining the people's faith and the
First Amendment freedom of the press
when you call stories you don't like
fake news the public doesn't believe you
people anymore now maybe I had something
to do with that I don't know we spoke to
a Casta about reporting on the White
House in the fake news era do you feel
like this time fake news has been
hijacked by the administration has been
jumped on it's being exploited no
question about it
they want to damage the credibility of
news organizations that are reporting
factual information about things that
are going on here at this White House
and when he calls us fake news okay
let's let's examine that I'm not the one
who said that Barack Obama wasn't born
in the United States that was fake news
president the United States did not have
a larger inauguration crowd size than
Barack Obama President Trump said that
Barack Obama was wiretapping and at
Trump Tower
that's fake news we're reporting on a
president who has engaged time and again
in his own version of fake news well I
think do you think that the American
public is they divided right now and
that is so much trust in what the
president said you know I think that
bitter partisanship is always going to
exist in the United States the extreme
left and right squaring off in bloody
demonstrations in recent weeks
these people am Tifa are neo communists
and they need to be rejected by the
Democratic Party just like Republicans
have rejected the neo-nazi the idea that
a president of the United States cannot
unambiguously denounce Nazism it's
extraordinary it's time to expose the
crooked media deceptions
and to challenge the media for their
role in for menteng divisions the danger
becomes when you have somebody in the
Oval Office who is fermenting an
atmosphere of division what's at stake
is we get to a point in this country
where half of the country only believes
something because the president says
that's what the truth is the president
doesn't get to decide what the truth is
you
