the Senate is on the verge of passing a
bill that will weaken dodd-frank the
landmark 2010 banking reform law the new
bill will exempt mid-sized banks with
less than 250 billion dollars in assets
from strict regulatory scrutiny and
loosen some rules on small banks it's a
Republican bill but it's also being
supported by more than a dozen
Democratic senators Vice News spoke with
former congressman barney frank the
architect of dodd-frank about what the
new bill means I'm not wearing
camera-ready pants American banking
system is very different we have a
number of very large banks people in
familiar with Bank of America City Court
JPMorgan Chase Wells Fargo they have
assets in the trillions of dollars then
you have the kind of mid-size space and
then you have the community banks the
smaller banks that they'd like to be
called too many banks that sounds very
nice to them and those are banks under
10 billion dollars in assets there's a
very important reason for getting to see
signs banks differently this has truly
been a Manic Monday on Wall Street the
stock market suffered one of its worst
days in years Monday investors reacted
to a stunning reshaping of the landscape
of Wall Street what happened in 2008 was
a couple of institutions failed whose
failure went beyond hurting the people
they were doing business with to the
whole economy that's the reason for
regulating the big ones so strictly so
we've had three categories under 10
billion clear-cut the largest ones in
the trillions then you have the
mid-range and that's debate about what
we're
well you should stop being just a
mid-range bank and then move into a
systemically important category for
banks who if they fail and can't pay
their debts could threaten the economy
beyond just the people who they owe the
money to in our bill we said above 50
billion you would get put into the
systemically important category the
controversy about the current bill is
they went to 250 as to the Democrats who
voted for I don't want them losing in
2018 because the community bankers were
trying to get them defeated people think
of the big banks JPMorgan Chase Wells
Fargo is the most politically
influential they're not the community
banks have the most influence because
every single member of Congress has
community banks in our district if
you're a product of rural America like I
am you know full well the consequences
when a bank leaves town it's just a
matter of time before that community
shrivels up I am glad to give those
Democratic senators a chance to satisfy
the independent bankers without a cost
to the whole bill the Senate bill makes
a couple of changes I don't like but 95%
of the dodd-frank act is unchanged for
all of the complaints about the bill
when we passed it in 2010 and for all of
Donald Trump's ranting about it the fact
that this bill is passing and making
fairly small changes in the overall bill
is evidence of how well it's worked
you
you
