March 8th is International Women's Day
so let's take some time now to think
about brands
don't forget brands it's very important
amongst me to and x arts that you don't
forget what brands had to contribute to
the whole equality thing and what
symbolizes women more than far be in
honor of these special day Mattel
launched a new collection of inspiring
women which will be smashing the glass
ceiling in no time the line includes
Amelia Earhart Catherine Johnson and
Frida Kahlo Frida's iconic unibrow is
apparently the one line that Mattel was
unwilling to cross in their celebration
of women after extended campaigns to
raise their hourly wage to a living wage
ahnold's has finally listened inflicted
M logo to aw
the Donald says it's upside-down arches
are in honor of the extraordinary
accomplishments of women everywhere
women take a long look at what
McDonald's has done for you the
forward-thinking fast-food company is
also flipping at arches on Twitter where
women everywhere can bask in the glory
of a flipped JPEG as they dodge men's
opinions about whether or not the day is
deserved in an effort to parody what it
referred to as failed tone-deaf
campaigns some brands have attempted in
order to attract women Brewing Company
brew dog did exactly that not that women
don't already have plenty of options
when it comes to drinking
Johnnie Walker released a special Jane
Walker line to celebrate Women's History
Month because the lack of the female
form on a bottle was the one thing
stopping women from buying whiskey so on
this International Day of the woman I'd
like everyone to reflect on the women in
their lives I mean Brad sorry Brad the
Brad's in their life then and why I keep
saying women
you
