with the rain it's always very
nerve-wracking for me and my insurance
guy to take these things and every once
in a while you know you think oh my
goodness in the back of my car I've got
something that might be worth a million
dollars this is the first Apple one
we've ever auctioned so one of the
things you got to do as an auction house
and your due diligence is to find out if
it's authentic find out if it works
Corey Cohen is the expert you have to
seek out he is the specialist when it
comes to Apple ones yeah you know I'm a
vintage technology expert
my background is electrical engineering
and computer software here is the actual
number one
this really is kind of the thing that
started Apple this was their first real
product not only is this thing 42 plus
years old but it still works and it
works as well as it did back in the
1970s so I'm just gonna hook up to power
here plug that in here's the moment of
truth the real deal Apple one and we're
gonna turn it right on so here we go
and that is your boot screen an Apple
one without modifying was used primarily
to play games be honest just like today
games back then drove what you could get
out of a home computer there are only
about 200 out the ones that were ever
produced 175 were sold of the 175 that
were sold we think a little bit over 60
are still surviving Apple one computers
are kind of ranked from one to ten ten
being something that just came out of
the box in 1976 we've never seen a
number 10 we have seen a number 9.5 now
this is an 8.5 the 9.5 was sold for
nearly nine hundred plus thousand
dollars this particular board is really
valuable because it isn't modified it
has all the original pieces here all the
major components are original like these
capacitors simply replacing just this
component here could impact the value of
at least $100,000 or more the person who
purchases this Apple they won't use it
every day you can't kind of go out and
say let me play fortnight on this thing
they'll turn it on on special occasions
they'll bring their friends over they
want to show kind of the coolness of
this is where Apple got started
we keep seeing me like you know kind of
look at this thing with like loving eyes
then again I think if I had a Ferrari
I'd probably be the same thing you're
holding the piece that made Apple what
Apple is today
you didn't have to tinker with it to get
it to go you know that attitude is still
there today it's kind of so cool
you know just connecting to history all
right please remember like all auctions
of all kinds all sales are final
everything is sold as is because the
Apple one is such a valuable item we've
got registrations from all over the
world
we've got people on the phones calling
in we've got people bidding on
invaluable that I know are in Russia and
China so I have no idea we've really no
idea who's gonna win this or if they're
gonna be in the room or not the
invaluable Apple one the computer that
started it all the bidding starts at
200,000 make it two hundred ten thousand
two sixty looking for 270 thank you at
280 bit make it two hundred ninety
thousand if three hundred thousand three
hundred thousand now three ten going
once
last call at three tablets sold $300,000
I'm not allowed to tell you who won the
Apple won but it's a gentleman for the
United States and I'm sure he's thrilled
to have it there's so many electronics
computers out there but there's only one
Apple one so you know these have value
and so if you've got one in the garage
and you see us in the media please call
us
you
