tonight the Democrats embracing Trump's
tariffs the American war in Africa and
why YouTube rewards conspiracy theorists
a convoy of 46 trucks carrying food and
essential aid was allowed to cross into
eastern luta today despite a Syrian
government assault on the suburb but the
UN office organizing the delivery said
that many life-saving health supplies
weren't allowed on the trucks more than
700 civilians have died in the past two
weeks as the Assad regime and its
Russian allies have tried to break up
rebel control of the area there wasn't a
clear winner in Italy's national
elections yesterday but
anti-establishment and populist parties
are the ones celebrating the five star
movement which is critical of the EU got
around one third of the vote and the
anti-immigrant League party led by
Matteo salvini won about 18 percent of
the vote now though the in negotiations
to shape a new coalition government
denarian cagey caricature goryeo Lajoie
responsibility' camión italiana channel
yesterday refrain the repairman of a
stop is a North Korean leader Kim
jong-un met with a delegation of senior
South Korean officials today it's the
first time Kim's been involved in such a
meeting since he came to power in 2011
and it comes after North Korea attended
the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics the
delegation which includes South Korea's
national security adviser and its
National Intelligence Service Director
plans to spend two days in Pyongyang
they're trying to improve relations not
only between the north and south but
possibly between the north and the
United States
Arkansas has become the third state to
win approval from the Trump
administration to tie work requirements
to Medicaid under the state's proposal
people between the ages of 19 and 49
with a few exceptions would need to work
or volunteer 20 hours a week in order to
get benefits Medicaid was created in
1965 to help lower income populations
and until this year the program had
never imposed these kinds of conditions
on enrollees the changes will reportedly
affect 39,000 people in Arkansas this is
not about punishing anyone it's about
giving people an opportunity to work
Mississippi senator thad Cochran
announced today that he's resigning for
health reasons the 80 year old
Republican has served in the Senate
since 1979 and he rose to become
chairman of the Appropriations Committee
one of the most powerful positions in
Congress but his declining health has
kept him away from work for long
stretches Cochran will leave office on
April 1st and the governor of
Mississippi will appoint a temporary
replacement in November voters will
choose a new senator to fill out the
remaining two years in Cochran's turn
today in Washington Speaker Paul Ryan's
office made a public break with
President Trump's plan to impose tariffs
on imported steel and aluminum but the
president made it clear that he doesn't
intend to back off no we're not backing
down Mexico is that a very bad deal with
Mexico very bad deal with Canada's
called NAFTA our factories have left our
country our jobs have left our country
people have to understand our country on
trade has been ripped off by virtually
every country in the world
Trump's plan is vintage populism the
tariffs are designed to make imported
steel more expensive which would in
theory make it easier for American steel
to compete that's way out of step with
mainstream economic policy especially
for a Republican but there are pockets
of support for the tariffs even in
places that don't support Trump there's
a long history of progresses opposing
free trade and supporting high tariffs
Bernie back in 2016 raised the idea of
adding new tariffs when he ran for
president elite ethnic ratliff roles
might knock it but protectionism plays
pretty well here in places like western
Pennsylvania which is steel country or
at least it was promotion of the steel
jobs went away
I think countries that aren't playing by
the rules that are cheating
there needs to be some correction by our
government otherwise it's not free it's
not fair trade that's Mike Doyle the
Democratic congressman represents most
of Pittsburgh I ran into another
Democratic party event here in Allegheny
County
this is an area where a lot of people
think the government needs to step in
and rebuild the manufacturing economy
that used to dominate places like this
the steel workers who are left here want
to keep their jobs and some dream that
things could go back to the way they
were when there were thousands more
steel jobs than there are now they
believe that tariffs it helped make that
happen so that means that while
Democrats can continue to bash Trump on
any number of policy ideas it's harder
to message that way when it comes to
tariffs especially in steel country me
do you think that this makes it harder I
mean you're on his side of the issue was
it make it harder to beat him next time
he's done it he shouldn't be doing it to
get voters in western Pennsylvania he
should be doing it because it's the
right thing to do okay and he'll be
judged by that a lot of us that have
been around and know obviously this guy
operates aren't going to be fooled by
him coming down here and and making a
grandiose statement we've heard that all
before we'll wait and see the the
contract that's in writing that's
actually binding the president will be
here Saturday to campaign for a
Republican who is struggling in a house
special election don't be surprised if
he uses his tariff plan to suggest
voters pull the lever for the GOP
candidate but there are a lot of
Democrats who just don't want any
Democrat to ever agree with Trump or
anything right Western Pennsylvania's
are pragmatic liberal so pay and if
President Trump's gonna do something
that benefits the people that I
represent I'm gonna be for that that
doesn't mean that we're all of a sudden
form that just mean he did one thing we
like okay he's done a hundred things we
hate one thing we like he's still minus
ninety nine in our four
the deferred action for childhood
arrivals program or daca was set to
expire today but a series of court
injunctions has temporarily halted
president Trump's plans to end the
program so are the dreamers safe not
exactly daca offers undocumented
immigrants who were brought to the US as
children a work permit social security
number and protection from deportation
with one caveat it must be renewed every
two years and in September Attorney
General jeff sessions said daca
recipients whose permits expired after
March 5th would not be allowed to renew
them so some people who normally would
have applied to renew their status
couldn't my name is Hugo and I have
vodka and my daughter ID spires on March
9 so I missed it by four days but in
January daca recipients caught a break a
district judge in California struck down
Trump's plan calling daca a lawful
program that would cause irreparable
harm if terminated and ordering US
Citizenship and Immigration Services to
continue renewing daca statuses for
existing recipients like Hugo it was
kind of a rollercoaster ride at that
point I spoke with my lawyer she told me
to go for it and try to renew my dock as
soon as possible I submitted my
application on January 28th to renew my
data back in January I knew that I was
definitely not gonna be able to have my
new dock permit with me March 9
the relief from the court came too late
it can take up to a hundred and twenty
days or longer to process an application
when Hugo submitted his application he
only had 40 days before his status was
set to expire not enough time to get his
renewal even if you're able to get it in
the first day they were accepting
applications given the historic slow
processing and delays that can occur
it's hard to know exactly how quickly
those applications will be adjudicated
and so people who are right on March 9th
likely are gonna have a gap on February
26 the Supreme Court rebuffed a trump
administration request for an expedited
hearing keeping daca intact for now but
starting tomorrow more than 400 people
each day could face a lapse in their
status while they wait for their renewal
to be processed during that time daca
recipients could lose their jobs and
driver's licenses the government has
said that dreamers whose status has
lapsed will not be a priority for
deportation but the government is also
not promising to protect them and that
has Hugo fearful after March 9 I'm not
gonna have my work permit anymore I'm
not gonna have any sort of protection
it's just gonna be a waiting game every
day is gonna be waking up in no case
it's here today do we have it today they
came in today
this weekend a pro Isis group released a
propaganda video that it says shows the
ambush that killed four American
soldiers in Nazir last October part of
the video appears to be taken from a
soldier's helmet camera moments before
his death the Americans were killed
during what was meant to be a low-risk
patrol with local troops the video shows
how little cover the soldiers had the
Pentagon is preparing to release its
findings on what went wrong and the
questions about the American military's
mission in Africa are piling up a year
before ambushing US troops on the Neva
Mali border the Islamic state in the
greater Sahara or is gs staged a daring
prison break on this maximum-security
facility the attack failed but it showed
the growing strength of a group there
was little known outside media at the
time
since that Delilah taxi
beaucoup Donkey city de set de acción
okay so when the militants came into the
front of the prison this is the
courtyard there was a gunfight you can
see the bullet holes in the wall over
there this gate is where they were
trying to break through this is the
entrance to the maximum security area of
the prison we're not allowed to go in
there but that was the target the
group's leader adnan abu ali da serra we
had pledged allegiance to Isis in 2015
the attempt at a prison break that was
seen as a move to get the attention of
Isis leadership abroad and add to his
ranks are huh the warden says this is
one of the men say how he was trying to
free he said he was talking of his own
free will but an armed guard was present
throughout what do you think they were
trying to do that day what was the
objective of that rain hello you got the
turkey I think about it for food ultima
is serving a 15-year sentence on
terrorism charges after a cache of
weapons was found at his home
he's from the border area with Molly
where is GS has taken a foot home but
when asked about sorrow Me Ultima gave
the same answer as other prisoners you
say so I might keep kneading uncle
ibrehem wearing a denim Nisha has
Interior Minister Mohammed bazoom has
been tracking sorrow he's rise over the
years
where do you think Sahrawi is now so
probably I think that he is somewhere
here just across the border yes in this
area moving around on a stranger's what
do you know about sera himself he had
some responsibilities in the Musha wall
he had four wives and he's in the bush
is he public enemy number one right now
for us yes he hit the public enemy
number one the u.s. is supposed to be
training these Arian troops to deal with
terrorism on their own but as security
threats in the region have grown the US
has been quietly shifting how it
operates here is it common for Nigerian
forces to make operations with Americans
I don't know how much but there have
been some operation and across the
border across the border under more than
one I think and things went right but
that day in tungo tungo that have been
what happened it terrorist activity
isn't confined Tunisia the Sahara Desert
has become a breeding ground for scores
of groups who exploit the region's
porous borders to move weapons and avoid
capture making it a new priority for us
counterterrorism efforts killer berry is
hugely important yeah exactly
no one from us Africa Command would
agree to an interview on camera for this
story but we were able to talk to a
former commander of US Special Forces in
Africa
Donald buldak retired just months before
the American soldiers were ambushed he
says there's a problem with how
Washington is classifying its military
mission in Africa what is the threat in
those areas that where these guys are
operating it parallels the threat in
Afghanistan and Iraq
it really does they use the same tactics
use the same techniques they operate the
same way and it sounds like a combat
environment it is a combat environment
official mission is advise and assist
advise and assist right the detention
there there's an obvious kind of yes
contradiction there is a tension
and we need to cut through that and we
need clear policy we need a clear
strategy and a clear operational
approach we don't have those that our
military are going to be involved in
combat operations through with and by
our partners and we are going to be
using military force to take out
high-value targets and this by
definition is combat operation old
access that tension has led to a lack of
transparency on what the US military is
doing in Africa
should we have a better approach in
explaining ourselves and being more
transparent yes absolutely and that's
not being done so when something like
this happens in psycho my god
you know where did this come from and
why why do we have Americans in Africa
case in point
600 miles northeast of nation's capital
the US military's biggest construction
projects on the continent is underway
this is the presumes new headquarters
for American drone operations when the
runways finished it'll support armed
Reaper drones capable of reaching
targets in Libya Nigeria Chad and Mali
it's crucial to border US
counterterrorism plans in the region but
many Americans have never heard of
Agadez likewise even nazareans living
directly outside the new base don't have
much of an idea of what's happening
chunk us I sure was young but not to ski
all right who knows what a drone is
I used to say it through lips but which
one which films despite misgivings in
Asia and the US media has President sees
the project is part of a crucial new
role for the US and the security of this
region as it does really fun party DP
come beyond complete la Mina's
terrorists Napoli frontier there was
obviously a cell came in as he made the
mess up at least positive amen
they paved complaint not result the
Parker fossa as at Manasa
what is your message to Americans now
after this has happened moving forward
namiko ma Eden felicito you come back
you mean online mendelian cut up at
Nigeria a America or world over say a
notice on the cut apart
we never had an active shooter drill at
my school last month if you typed david
hog into youtube the top results claimed
the Parkland teen was a crisis actor
YouTube has since taken down the videos
but the problem reignited questions
about the secret formula YouTube uses to
promote content and keep users clear to
the site one engineer who worked there
says YouTube's algorithm is promoting
conspiracy theories there's a big goal
of YouTube recommendations to maximize
watch time so it's to maximize the
amount of time people spend watching
YouTube videos so doing the
recommendation is one of the most tricky
part of YouTube because you need to
compute for every single person the best
video to show them in any small
difference in the quality of the engine
is going to have a huge impact on
YouTube's engagement on revenue this
reality is the result of a deliberate
and entirely reasonable business
decision YouTube made years ago in order
to scale up YouTube got rid of human
editors who were in charge of curating
recommendations and turned to AI instead
see algorithm is only one side so after
watching like 20 videos of Fletcher's
videos some people will start believing
wow that might actually be true
unfollow algorithm it was like a
fantastic wind when someone watched 20
videos in a row remember the more time
you spend on YouTube the more ads take
itself but now the company is grappling
with the unintended consequences of
favoring videos that keep you on the
site longer regardless of content last
year shallow created algo transparency
org
a site that tries to mimic how YouTube
recommends videos his software assumes
you're a viewer with no prior history on
the site it shows that when you search
for is the earth flat around for example
you're more likely to be recommended
Flat Earth conspiracy videos or if you
look for videos about vaccinations
you'll most likely get anti-vaxxer
theories in a statement to vice news
YouTube said that while it considers
watch time in its
it now uses a greater variety of signals
than it used to 400 hours of content is
uploaded every minute to YouTube
meaning the problem will only become
more difficult it's very surprising that
we are using the best machine learning
of the world to optimize how much time
you waste on your device is it my cup of
tea
fantastic group fantastic energy great
brass obviously is a very strong
afro-american beat and flavor I mean
from you can hear soul music funk blues
swing of the 30s I hear everything there
it's protected sickly well produced I
like it very much
now maybe notes anything else
it's good i like the intro voice
necessary and the treatment of the voice
like the arpeggio did who do you do
every little motif the keyboard that's
very good it seems more adult and more
and darker better a lyrical it could be
vampires is it Twilight five
we're connected
it's a great great like arrangement and
the vocals in the back I don't know if
it's serious or funny I'm not sure
because the way the background vocals
enter I cleared puppets in the
background a bit comical not cheesy
negativity dancing music is fantastic a
great singers it's a very joyful kind of
R&B mix with disco by the pool there's
one word I really enjoyed Symphony
that's vice news tonight for Monday
March 5th
you
