tonight I don't think anyone there is
looking for truth they're looking for a
win did you think that you'd have a
better life in Uganda little Johnnie
said this really is kind of the thing
that started Apple this was their first
real product
Sweden's Prime Minister will have to
step down after losing a vote of
no-confidence less than three weeks
after elections left the country with a
hung parliament now the Speaker of the
House needs to find someone who can form
a majority government both the center
left and center-right blocks have ruled
out dealing with the far-right Sweden
Democrats an anti-immigrant party with
white nationalist roots that's been
gaining seats and is threatening to
block any government that doesn't give
them a voice speaking to an audience of
young Christians in Estonia where more
than half of the country doesn't
identify as religious Pope Francis
acknowledged that the Vatican's failure
to confront child sex abuse has
alienated churchgoers especially young
people cuando no adult II chiku diamo
Woon arre alte Cajon fatto chavita
confrontation ova de nom via courgette a
can a soon obvious cold up you a montana
judge ordered the Greater Yellowstone
grizzly bear back onto the endangered
species list overturning a trump
administration decision from last year
the ruling comes days before the first
grizzly hunting seasons in over 40 years
were set to open in Wyoming in Idaho at
today's UN General Assembly world
leaders took turns hitting the United
States for dumping the Iran deal not
signing the Paris Accord and increasing
economic sanctions feedback that
President Trump took in stride in less
than two years my administration has
accomplished more than almost any
administration in the history of our
country America's so true
didn't expect that reaction but that's
I I think it's horrible what the
Democrats have done it's a con game
Linda Khanna they're really con artists
this morning president Trump opened fire
on the Democrats pushing to allow Brett
Cavanaugh's accusers to be heard and on
the accusers themselves and now a new
charge comes up and she said well might
not be him into a gap she said she was
just this morning the President of the
United States attacked another woman for
bravely sharing her story of being
sexually assaulted saying that nobody
should believe her because she was drunk
because her memory may have some gaps
well how many women have heard that
before how many women have kept their
experiences quiet because they knew they
would hear that Washington Republicans
are having a harder time with the
messaging I don't think because you
happen to be a male you're disqualified
from listening to the evidence and
making a decision based upon the
evidence we have hired a female
assistant to go on staff and to ask
these questions in a respectful and
professional way what they're trying to
avoid by having a woman ask the
questions is a repeat of the infamous
Clarence Thomas hearings in 1991 where
male senators repeatedly belittled and
undermined Anita Hill but even though
Hill was the only one to testify she
wasn't Thomas's only accuser my name is
Angela Wright
I was Clarence Thomas's director of
public affairs for one year from 1983 to
1984 there's not a particular point
where I started to feel uncomfortable
with him I found him to be a man it was
angry and constantly said
sparing things about people he said
nasty things about women often
commenting on their bodies he would
often comment on my body the shape of
the size of my breasts and he constantly
asked me for dates and I I really just
ignored him because I thought he was
just pretty crass I never walked around
feeling like a victim like oh my god
somebody helped me it was to be I worked
on Capitol Hill in Washington politics
for 12 years and that was not unusual
behavior that was pervasive behavior on
Capitol Hill watching tanita he'll
testify I was struck by her grace and
her dignity under circumstances that
were abominable I felt I had a duty to
report listen to her tell her story just
made me want to defend her when I was
asked by a representative of this
committee to report my experience
I felt that I had to tell the truth I
could not keep silent she was treated
horribly she was called all kinds of
names and challenged in trying to
determine whether you tell any falsehood
or not
are you a scorned woman I just simply
felt that she needed someone to come to
her defense who who knew that what she
was saying was the truth ultimately I
think they didn't want me to testify
because they didn't want anybody took a
robbery professor Hills side of the
story and thereby make his ascension to
the court easy in a non controversial
the only thing that mattered to me was
that they subpoenaed me to come to
Washington held me in abeyance while
they attempted to crucify my character
and did not give me the opportunity to
respond to the allegations against me
but whether or not anyone chose to
believe my statement is that's never
been important to me what's important to
me is that I speak my own truth and know
that it is the truth and know that
Clarence Thomas and and his supporters
knew that it was the truth now I am
being reminded of those events because
of the current situation with Judge
Brett Kavanaugh and the accusations
recently levied against him by professor
Christine Ford but Ischl II I saw not
much of a comparison there I thought it
was a bit of a stretch and not very
comfortable with with labeling mr.
Cavanaugh rapist based on that one
encounter with the additional
information brought forth by miss
Ramirez I had to my opinion of the case
started to evolve I certainly think that
any of that misconduct whether sexual
assault sexual harassment should
preclude anyone from being taken a
public position
where they will be making laws and rules
about the way everybody else lives their
life you can go get a job at corporate
America but the importance about this
particular nomination is that it's the
Supreme Court and if you have not lived
a life that is above reproach I don't
think you belong on the Supreme Court
the question of whether Cavanaugh has
the character to serve on the Supreme
Court is what Democrats want Thursday's
hearing to be about the Republican
leadership it looks like they're
planning to push ahead regardless the
Judiciary Committee has scheduled a vote
on Cavanaugh for the next morning we're
gonna be moving forward I'm confident
we're gonna win confidences he will be
confirmed in the very near future and
unless something huge happens between
now and Election Day it's hard to see
how Cavanaugh won't be approved by the
whole Senate so what happens if that
something huge comes out after he's been
sworn in as a Supreme Court justice
Congress does have an option to take a
judge out impeachment it's the same
process they used to impeach a president
and it's about as rare the first step is
an investigation by the House Judiciary
Committee if it finds evidence a judge
screwed up the Committee recommends
articles of impeachment for a full house
vote that would only require a majority
218 votes if the house is full to pass
then there would be a trial in the
Senate where the judge would get the
chance to defend themselves and finally
the full Senate would vote on whether to
impeach two-thirds would have to vote
yes to convict and remove a judge from
office
impeachment and removal of a federal
judge has only happened eight times ever
for things like perjury and taking
bribes the last time a Supreme Court
justice faced impeachment proceedings
was over 200 years ago when the House
voted to impeach Samuel chase in 1804
the Senate acquitted him on all charges
then there's the question of what an
impeachable offense is the Constitution
says impeachment is a valid response to
quote treason bribery or other high
crimes and misdemeanors allegations of
attempted rape are serious
but do they meet the constitutional bar
that's never been tested some legal
scholars believe you can impeach a judge
for lying under oath and if new
information comes out that raises
questions about whether Kavanaugh was
totally truthful in these hearings you
could see that being the promising route
for Democrats dead set on removing
Cavanaugh from the bench since you
became a legal adult have you ever made
unwanted requests for sexual favors or
committed any verbal or physical
harassment or assault of a sexual nature
no of course launching an impeachment
effort would only be possible if
Democrats retake the house getting a
conviction would require winning a huge
majority in the Senate that math aside
it would look like a really political
move
liberals trying to tilt the court back
in their direction they'd need
Republicans to go along with impeaching
a conservative justice and that's hard
to fathom Republicans know that Trump
will come and go a conservative Supreme
Court justice is for life there's no
argument on earth that would get
Republicans to give that up on Tuesday
Bill Cosby was sentenced to three to ten
years in prison for drugging and
sexually assaulting a woman 14 years ago
Cosby is the first offender of the me2
era to actually go to prison but
hundreds of people including powerful
and influential figures in media
politics and entertainment and including
people at Vice media itself have been
publicly accused of sexual misconduct as
a result of me to some me two cases have
involved a single accuser others have
involved dozens and the movement has
targeted a wide range of misconduct from
inappropriate comments to unwanted
touching to outright sexual assault the
range of consequences for alleged
offenders has been similarly broad
including social isolation legal action
and now jail time in some cases nothing
happened as a result of the allegations
but for many others the repercussions
were more serious
some men rushed into self-inflicted
exile quitting their professions before
any investigation into their behavior
could be completed Arizona congressman
Trent Franks for instance quickly
resigned after one of his staffers said
he had offered her five million dollars
to be a surrogate mother others have
been fired or lost major business Matt
Lauer lost his job at the Today Show
Kevin Spacey was fired from house of
cards and saw his role in the movie all
the money in the world literally erased
on top of losing their jobs some of the
accused are facing major civil lawsuits
after losing his job as chairman and CEO
of Wynn Resorts Casino mogul Steve Wynn
is being sued by two massage therapists
who say he coerced them into sex and
threatened them with large security dogs
and Charlie Rose is still facing a
lawsuit from three jr. employees who
accuse him of quote blatant and repeated
sexual harassment police have gotten
involved in a small number of me2 cases
a special prosecutor is investigating
former New York Attorney General Eric
Schneiderman for abusing women he was
romantically involved with the
investigation is ongoing finally there
are those men who have been actually
charged or convicted of crimes that list
is very short but it does include Cosby
and the man whose crimes inspired the
creation of me - Harvey Weinstein more
than 30 women have accused Weinstein of
sexual misconduct including rape he has
been indicted on six charges involving
three different women including two
counts of rape and two counts of
predatory sexual assault
he's pled not guilty to all counts
it's been a year since the Israeli
government pledged to forcibly expel
more than 30,000 Africans seeking asylum
migrants mostly more in sedan or
lifelong military service in Eritrea
began coming over the border with Egypt
about 12 years ago many live here in
south Tel Aviv ultra-nationalist accused
Africans of being in crime and want them
gone promised forcibly deporting people
isn't easy
the 1951 Refugee Convention requires
Israel to shelter people whose lives are
threatened at home they tried to reach a
deal with the UN but it fell upon April
because Israel's right wing didn't like
the idea of keeping half the refugees
where they have had success pressuring
people to go on their own
since 2012 Israel threaten people with
detention if they didn't take their
offer $3500 and a ticket to a country
they may have never been to
Jacob berry was a student in tel-aviv
three years ago when Israel gave him
that choice so what is the voluntary
deportation program actually my own
opinion it's not a voluntary because if
you give two options to the person like
would you jump this fire or get into the
water and get thrown it's not called
voluntary it's it's forceful they tell
me you're going to Uganda
so I say is your home I can't fight and
so thank you for welcoming me and if you
don't want me anymore then it's okay
I can just go somewhere else and I start
your life did they give you any other
options no you either go to holid or go
to do yoga and a collet was a detention
facility in Israel
so Jacob chose Uganda he now works for
an organization that supports people
from South Sudan deported by Israel Elul
and her mother Angelina were sent home
after Israel struck a deal with newly
independent South Sudan Ghana tombola
wanna press our mother laughing yeah no
not long her so she was not for for
nervousness moderation dollar to Ryan
believed himself I mean we had no
tombola Tecate come Cobb was a
deliberate DeLauro tamo-guna
but Raja to give her a helical
manageable Michele can carry better al
Harvard Adam
they left South Sudan again this time
via Ganga
Uganda is known for its open-door policy
for Refugees there are about a million
currently living here mainly from
neighboring South Sudan in DRC the
people who come straight from Israel
have a harder time many struggle to get
legal status a man arrived in December
did you think that you'd have a better
life in Uganda better than Israel
if I get visa I can go to anywhere from
Uganda but still I don't have any
documents or any passports what would
you tell the IRA trends that are still
living in Israel what would you
encourage them to do you don't have any
right in a compiler or vendor so you
have to stay in Israel it's better
that's what I am Telling for them why do
you think they lie and tell you that
there's an opportunity for a better life
in Uganda why do you think they do that
to come here only to leave the counter
of them they are lying for us to leave
the country Israel has tried to strike
deals with third countries to accept the
migrants they've deported by force
including according to court documents
Uganda but neither country has
acknowledged having a deal that might
show what Uganda is getting in return
and people are still going though they
aren't getting the legal status they
were promised we spoke to Uganda's prime
minister who says it's Israel's response
ability to process asylum claims
accepting Israel is not operational
but Uganda has said yes we are ready
consider receiving some Africans who
cannot get accommodated in his rail do
you see the process of migrants being
transferred from Israel becoming a
legitimate process where they can come
through and be registered as refugees at
the other end when a refugee moves play
country that should be the country over
Salem so we do actually expect Israel
200 cases where Israel cannot take those
then Israel with the support of the
international community and UNHCR true
group for another place where we can't
be perfect is that is the normal way
with the rain it's always very
nerve-wracking for me and my insurance
guy to take these things every once in a
while you know you think oh my goodness
in the back of my car I've got something
that might be worth a million dollars
this is the first Apple one we've ever
auctioned so one of the things you got
to do as an auction house and your due
diligence is to find out if it's
authentic find out if it works
Cory Cohen is the expert you have to
seek out he is the specialist when it
comes to Apple ones yeah you know
I'm a vintage technology expert
my background is Electrical Engineering
and computer software here is the actual
number one
this really is kind of the thing that
started Apple this was their first real
product not only is this thing 42 plus
years old but it still works and it
works as well as it did back in the
1970s so I'm just gonna hook up to power
here plug that in here's the moment of
truth the real deal Apple one and we're
gonna turn it right on so here we go
and that is your boot screen an Apple
one without modifying was used primarily
to play games be honest just like today
games back then drove what you could get
out of a home computer there are only
about 200 out the ones that were ever
produced 175 were sold of the 175 that
were sold we think a little bit over 60
are still surviving Apple one computers
are kind of ranked from one to ten ten
being something that just came out of
the box in 1976 we've never seen a
number 10 we have seen a number 9.5 now
this is an eight point five the nine
point five was sold for nearly nine
hundred plus thousand dollars this
particular board is really valuable
because it isn't modified it has all the
original pieces here all the major
components are original like these
capacitors simply replacing just this
component here could impact the value of
at least $100,000 or more the person who
purchases this Apple they won't use it
every day you can't kind of go out and
say let me play fortnight on this thing
they'll turn it on on special occasions
they'll bring their friends over they
want to show kind of the coolness of
this is where Apple got started
I keep seeing me like you know kind of
look at this thing with like loving eyes
then again I think if I had a Ferrari
I'd probably do the same thing you're
holding the piece that made apple what
Apple is today you didn't have to tinker
with it to get it to go you know that
attitude is still there today it's kind
of so cool you know or just connecting
to history all right please remember
like all auctions of all kinds all sales
are final everything is sold as is
because the Apple one is such a valuable
item we've got registrations from all
over the world we've got people on the
phones calling in we've got people
bidding on invaluable that I know are in
Russia and China so I have no idea we
really no idea who's gonna win this or
if they're gonna be in the room or not
the invaluable Apple one the computer
that started it all the bidding starts
at 200,000 make it two hundred ten
thousand two sixty looking for 270 thank
you at 280 bit make it two hundred
ninety thousand if three hundred
thousand three hundred thousand now
three ten going once
last call at three tents sold $300,000
I'm not allowed to tell you who won the
Apple won but it's a gentlemen for the
United States and I'm sure he's thrilled
to have it there's so many electronics
computers out there but there's only one
Apple one so it you know these have
value and so if you've got one in the
garage and you see us in the media
please call us in my head I was like no
no no no no but I felt like if I kept
trying that something worse would happen
every single woman I know
I'm has stories like that where she's
just sort of like let her body be used
because it was felt safer I remember
when I was about 18 and there was this
guy who was a friend of mine we'd been
drinking a lot and it wasn't until I
kind of turned around and saw him naked
and he started taking my clothes off
that I realized that I'm really not a
tiny part of me wanted to do that it's
only really now that this moment of
cultural reckoning has come about that I
think so many of us are thinking about
our own sexual encounters I thought you
know it's a good time to explore what
consent really means
you
you
