I'm walking into a survival gaming spot
it's kind of like paintball it's outside
Tokyo and it's clearly been designed to
look like a war zone when you have all
these guys and camel it looks like
American military cured konnichiwa for
the last 70 years this is about as close
as any Japanese citizen has come to
being in combat but if you ask the
locals here that might be about to
change
you mean kind of what she must do for
you 420 not a bar
what does right just do you're
mentioning the idea that Japan could be
invaded who who would invade the country
wouldn't take any goodness at all nobody
you chew got you Paul IV not catching up
to you on it's not from China is so
obvious to these guys because the two
countries have a very long bloody
history
the last time they came to blows was
when Japan moving in China and the
run-up to World War two after Japan was
defeated by the Allies they were found
guilty of war crimes that included the
killing of millions of Chinese the u.s.
forced them to adopt a constitution
which pronounces war and banned them
from having any offensive military
capabilities since then pacifism has
become a part of post-war Japanese
culture with the military confined to
self-defense only but now that might be
changing today the Japanese parliament
approved a controversial policy to allow
its military to defend allies in other
nations clearing the way for troop
deployments overseas
this parliamentary resolution marked a
shift towards militarization this be a
push by japan's Prime Minister Shinzo
Abe a como yo pigna Seco Tecna Kirilenko
such de magnete know tonight Bobby and
his supporters argue that today Japan
needs stronger armed forces to defend
themselves from their powerful neighbors
and other global security threats
hundreds of thousands of Japanese have
protested avez reform efforts which they
say violate Japan's constitutional
commitment BISM they're legitimately
nervous that he dragged the country into
war why do you think this bill is
dangerous for the country JTAG on a
Santoni pathetically inadequate Awad
watch my neck
can you come in on their memory company
but another loud voice is a growing
group of ultra-nationalist called new
punakaiki we've gained a lot of
influence inside of our base government
they want to go so far as to change the
constitution to allow for attack capable
forces akira momochi is the group
strategic advisor
suppose someone young Koch impose
alumina GHQ no single day dorita know
this Ken Patera
son openly not exceed in Poe who might
mano de an octave honor honor when you
own dice all three models ot ago today I
was not told your staccato many people
see this though as the first step in
preparing Japan to go to war propaganda
the update is in a sense all salute
Emilio nineties Yun Aquilino
under Mamoru domino died of metastatic
area de la mina sako gutentag okuni des
neige OCT know what are they re-enactors
simple wheels
the line between defense and offense is
starting to blur Japan's 2017 military
budget is its biggest ever and the
self-defense forces have demonstrated
that they're expanding their
capabilities on land in the air and at
sea this is the sumo it's one of Japan's
brand-new carriers there's a
constitutional ban against Japan having
aircraft carriers and so they actually
classify this as a helicopter carrier
the Izumo looks so much like a
conventional aircraft carrier that other
countries have complained that it's a
violation of Japan's pacifist
commitments
I'm on top of the outdoor elevator that
brings all the aircrafts from the hangar
up to the deck critics have said that
this carrier is only called a helicopter
carrier because it's against the
Constitution to have an aircraft carrier
what's your reaction to that hotel goats
got their very same toga toga toga key
huh cop car Aditi calluna nobody moved a
mess in there Monica pop open e qu what
the hell she thinking it's good that do
you enjoy doing this I've been on a US
aircraft carrier before and this looks
pretty much exactly the same
could this transform into a carrier that
could deploy fighter jets like the f-35
we're gonna get there the Serenity no
koozie can we take Kaiser was River
sorry mo it must Coconino d KO it a save
in a shown in your state a cause you're
a river they cannot go a night on - yeah
okay state quality Google Dave an act a
way accomplished it's good audited not
only did the ahjummas commander concede
that the ship could be converted into an
attack vessel but it was also recently
deployed alongside an American
battleship in nearby waters as a clear
show of strength these growing naval
capabilities are exactly what Japan
wants to project towards China
especially when it comes to their
intensifying standoff over a small group
of uninhabited islands
nationalists from both countries
frequently make their way out to the
islands to plant their country's flag
one regular visitor is Satoru mizushima
an influential conservative talk show
host thank you for having me nice to
meet you
gosh okay Decimus a Killa American Oh
terrific occurred by Sunday tbo no jelly
that's very messy
it's young toe bunny Sammy okay see that
a chemist that thank you for having me
you have a beautiful set here it was so
cool and all I'm not a high-ticket item
on this carry the more I behind us we
have videos of the Senkaku Islands what
is your opinion of what's going on there
right now between China and Japan what I
statue are fictional serial to vasudeva
sankarsana neon naruto the artifacts in
stephen's muscles so you
Kokura a know what I study Naima Nihon
Naruto no naka de it's a bunch India
cannot Kingman so do you think it's that
would actually be realistic that war
could break out there between Japan and
China
that's listo watch college guy area
whatever study no Sorento sponge
karateka Nina I know that stone is on
Okinawa so cool I know erinite oh this
real gun did you see Otto spirit Oh poo
you Nakata or arena sense of solidarity
a sense of community
Veronica Nino hi Jo Jo Jo Jeeta
koko de Tyga Tyga vada ki dhaara River a
no Campo right
I'm thinking I know this name this
suspicion of an aggressive China appears
to be growing as Japanese nationalists
have also taken to the streets to demand
a much stronger stance toward China you
know there are hundreds of people here
and what they're all protesting is
Japan's relationship with China they're
all pissed off they're already
encroaching
she looks so cool
we chartered a boat to the sink ah keys
to see the disputed territories
ourselves the Japanese Coast Guard
intercepted our boat and jumped on board
I think you are sure Oh first can I just
ask you why did you stop us I want to
talk to the captain
I understand yeah I'm just trying to
understand it it couldn't I don't think
we're breaking any breaking any laws no
Q human record in case a t9 user tonight
at all what does the ballgame the Coast
Guard cited in 80 year old fishing
regulation as grounds to turn us away
but based on their past actions they're
concerned that an instant in these
waters could spark an actual conflict so
much so that these same Coast Guard
vessels will physically block civilian
boats from reaching our hands
and the hostility on the water is
escalating China has been claiming
constructing and militarizing islands in
the nearby South China Sea
dangerously amping up tensions with the
US and its allies in Asia but if local
hostilities did boil over into conflict
it would have major global consequences
because the original post-war agreements
also stipulated that in return for
Japan's pacifism the u.s. is legally
bound to defend them we're committed to
the security of Japan and all areas
under its administrative control retired
Admiral yogi Cota was once the
commander-in-chief of Japan's
self-defense fleet he made it clear that
if Japan goes to war the u.s. is going
with them one of the fundamental reasons
why Japan maintains the us-japan
alliance if anything the aggression
happens toward Japan self-defense force
role is to repel those invaders no more
than that we can strike the homeland
Japan fully depends on the strategic
deterrence and strike capability on the
United States if China really goes for
the military action the cost they are
going to pay is very bloody they know
that
in Japan has the hardware and the
personnel to exact that cost are in
Japanese fighters regularly patrol
contested airspace including over the
Senkaku 's and they launch whenever they
see Chinese planes doing the same
scrambling their jets more than 1100
times last year alone it's a tense
waiting game between the world's three
largest economies and it could erupt
into hostilities at any time the closer
they come the more sensitive
would become and we send our fighters to
say hello we will not fire we will not
fire we can't unless they fire first
