on Tuesday Bill Cosby was sentenced to
three to ten years in prison
for drugging and sexually assaulting a
woman 14 years ago Cosby is the first
offender of the me2 era to actually go
to prison but hundreds of people
including powerful and influential
figures in media politics and
entertainment and including people at
Vice media itself have been publicly
accused of sexual misconduct as a result
of me to some me two cases have involved
a single accuser others have involved
dozens and the movement has targeted a
wide range of misconduct from
inappropriate comments to unwanted
touching to outright sexual assault the
range of consequences for alleged
offenders has been similarly broad
including social isolation legal action
and now jail time in some cases nothing
happened as a result of the allegations
but for many others the repercussions
were more serious some men rushed into
self-inflicted exile quitting their
professions before any investigation
into their behavior could be completed
Arizona congressman Trent Franks for
instance quickly resigned after one of
his staffers said he had offered her
five million dollars to be a surrogate
mother others have been fired or lost
major business Matt Lauer lost his job
at the Today Show Kevin Spacey was fired
from house of cards and saw his role in
the movie all the money in the world
literally erased on top of losing their
jobs some of the accused are facing
major civil lawsuits after losing his
job as chairman and CEO of Wynn Resorts
casino mogul Steve Wynn is being sued by
two massage therapists who say he
coerced them into sex and threatened
them with large security dogs and
Charlie Rose is still facing a lawsuit
from three junior employees who accuse
him of quote blatant and repeated sexual
harassment police have gotten involved
in a small number of me2 cases a special
prosecutor is investigating former New
York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman
for abusing women he was romantically
involved with the investigation is
ongoing
finally there are those men who have
been actually charged or convicted of
crimes that list is very short but it
does include Cosby and the man whose
crimes inspired the creation of me -
Harvey Weinstein more than 30 women have
accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct
including rape he has been indicted on
six charges involving three different
women including two counts of rape and
two counts of predatory sexual assault
he's pled not guilty to all counts
you
