what his the Republicans come up with as
a plan they had time to get they had the
house I had bought your own there
anything by show hands how many of you
would say that you're mad as hell about
all the stuff that's going on it's
almost all of you yeah what are you so
mad at if the economy is so good the
economy isn't everything it's health
care it's the way that they're treating
certain classes of people in education
exactly Aaron these are things that are
disturbing economy is only one segment
it's great to have money but if you're
living a society that doesn't value
other things at sad well your life we
have to be civil whenever we I want to
be civil I want him to have more than
you and I don't like you're talking
about civility and then it goes to hell
the moment that Donald Trump is
mentioned why is that because we were
learning it from him bullies people the
problem is he's attacked non-stop by the
media every single day he can't win no
matter what he does I thought we had he
wasn't doing what he's doing he would be
attack okay okay hold on is this America
do you represent America so how does it
make you feel Sam how it made me
organize I'll defend Trump he's great
love him he got voted in he's the guy
let him do his job we're losing our
ability to have freedom of thought if
you don't think the same as someone else
someone gets angry the top issue in this
Senate race in Nevada is health care so
give me a word or phrase to describe
Obamacare life-saving pre-existing
condition deplorable can I say it
clusterfuck necessary but flawed
what has the Republicans come up with as
a plan
they had time to get they had the house
they had bought your own there anything
healthcare we talk my healthcare
was two hundred sixty seven dollars a
month before Obamacare started it went
went for a tea please
I went to four eighty and then I had a
forty eight hundred dollar deductible
and I had to pay seventy five hundred
dollars out of my pocket before I could
use it
what's the point I know I'm thankful for
it I had a $29,000 surgery that cost me
$1,200 but who paid for it I had to pay
the insurance for which was $300 a month
should it be repealed improved
Peg's kind of a course that was that we
almost agreed I know I want to like I
want to savor that moment okay give me a
word or phrase to describe the incumbent
Republican Dean Heller spineless and
stale trustworthy weak
flip-flopper bipartisan Nevadan me word
a phrase to describe jackie rosen
immigrant absurd exceptional I would say
she's disgraceful she would be a check
on Trump which is her job as a senator
and Dean Heller has voted with President
Trump ninety-five percent of the time we
need to take back the house and the
Senate and she is a necessary evil I
don't hold on necessary evil yeah
that's a very negative statement for
someone you're voting for keep your eye
on the prize the house and the Senate
you know Dean Heller is voted the fifth
most bipartisan senator in this in the
United States and not everybody likes
him in fact I don't think anybody loves
him but he stood on some principles for
example he voted down the full repeal
because it was going to slash and burn
our Medicaid money coming in I'll be
very honest from you the election our
local Senate race is completely federal
for me I was not a Dean Heller supporter
at the beginning but he has come to
Trump side and that's why I support him
now who says it's about the president
Congress so this is really a national
federal vote why under ordinary
circumstances Moorside with Rosen but
even the statement that was just made
that alarmist me when I hear people
saying we have to take back the house
and the Senate I'm wondering what are
you going to do when you take it back
like does it really matter yes why does
Dean Heller deserve your support I
cannot vote for a Democrat which is the
honest reason for the Senate we were
talking about the economy earlier and
someone said the economy is not
everything I would disagree I think it
is everything so basically we have a
50-50 group and we have a 50/50 state
who's gonna win Alan Miller hold on hold
on I know you're smiling and I know
you're laughing but do you actually
believe they actually believe that about
California the 1500 illegal immigrants
that were just registered to vote how
how many of you trust the American
electoral process that the people who
won deserve to win who trusts it so who
are you voting for for the Senate
leaning towards how're we leaning
towards Dean Heller Heller Heller so
every one of you who thinks that the
elections are for real is voting for the
Republican candidate or leaning towards
and those who don't think the elections
are real are voting for the Democratic
candidate our elections rigged yes I
believe that voter suppression is a very
large part of it if you look at what
happens in Waller tax North Dakota where
they're suppressing all the college
students I think everybody has an equal
opportunity to vote I don't think
anybody is being told they can't they're
able to yes go to Georgia so but we have
in North Dakota we have a suppression of
the Native American vote yes they have
to have an address even though the
government gives them a pl box because
they don't recognize their streets so
don't tell me that this election isn't
rigged because there's photo suppression
happening throughout this country they
just caught the Democratic Party sending
out brochures actually registration
forms to illegals and text
and marking on the box that they were
citizens and they were eligible to vote
and they just told these people to write
their names right there do about the
rest of the form and send them in what
news my mother she might be watching so
I'm not gonna give her a CH marched with
dr. King in Chicago in the sixties so
that I could have the right to register
and vote when I turned 18 years ago and
for for all of the voter suppression
schemes that I'm seeing right now it's
offensive and it hurts
you
