tonight the secrets Rob Porter knew the
war over cultural appropriation and the
great camel slab
at least 17 people are dead and dozens
more are wounded after a former student
opened fire in a South Florida school
terrified students at Marjory Stoneman
Douglas High School's sheltered in place
and some posted videos online as police
and SWAT teams worked to lock down the
building authorities say they found the
suspect in a neighboring town nearly two
hours after the shooting happened he is
in custody and we've already began to
begin to dissect his websites and the
things that social media that he was on
and some of the things have come to mind
are very very disturbed President Trump
tweeted out that his prayers and
condolences are with the victims South
African President Jacob Zuma has
resigned finally and it televised
address to the nation Zuma said he
didn't want to divide his party the
African National Congress I have
therefore come to the decision to resign
as president with immediate effects but
just hours before Zuma had scoffed it
calls from Party officials for him to
step down over corruption allegations
that had forced the ANC to plan a
no-confidence vote in Parliament
tomorrow Cyril Ramaphosa the leader of
the ANC since last year will likely
become the new president
Zimbabwe's main opposition leader the
charismatic and pro-democracy activist
Morgan Cheng RI has died the 65 year old
had been battling colon cancer Chang er
I was a fierce rival of former President
Robert Mugabe who is ousted last
November and he reportedly survived
several assassination attempts over the
course of his political career Zimbabwe
is expected to hold its first post
Mugabe elections this year in the
opposition will now have to pick a new
person to go up against the ruling Zanu
PF party Secretary of State Rex
Tillerson was visiting Jordan today and
he gave remarks saying the Trump
administration is committed to seeing a
Middle East peace deal and that they've
been working on a plan for months think
it'll be up to the President to decide
when he feels it's - it's time and he's
ready to put that plan forward I will
say it's it's fairly well advanced just
what I would say he didn't offer any
details beyond that the Palestinians
have been steadfast that the US can't be
part of brokering a peace deal ever
since President Trump declared Jerusalem
the capital of Israel late last year a
Veterans Affairs Inspector General
report found that VA secretary David
shulton misspent taxpayer money on a
trip to Europe the government paid for
last year Shulkin went to London to
attend a summit in to Denmark to meet
with healthcare officials but the report
says the 122 thousand dollar trip
included quote significant personal time
for sightseeing and that Shulkin
accepted Wimbledon tickets improperly
the Inspector General also found that
shulk ins chief of staff altered an
email so that his wife's travel would be
covered - her plane ticket cost more
than four thousand dollars in a response
Shulkin said the report was inaccurate
and quote reeks of an agenda
president Trump briefly spoke to
reporters in the Oval Office today
offering another bland statement about
the Rob Porter scandal now in its eighth
day I am totally opposed to domestic
violence of any kind everyone knows that
and it almost wouldn't even have to be
said but it did have to be said because
the White House initially praised Porter
and it still hasn't explained what it
knew and when making the problem worse
as the fact that Porter wasn't some
low-level staffer as staff secretary he
was central to everything the White
House did and everything it knew a
favorite phrase in Washington is the
cover-up is worse than the crime but the
case of Rob Porter both are pretty damn
bad according to multiple news outlets
White House officials knew for months
that Porter's ex-wives said he abused
them and how only did they not fire him
they let him continue to serve in a job
that routinely handled some of the
country's most sensitive documents even
though it security clearance hadn't been
finalized
to understand how bad that is you have
to understand what Porter's job was
during the Obama years Brian McKeon was
achieve of staff to the National
Security Council which is the group
inside the administration to collate all
the advice the president gets on
national security and foreign policy
so McKeon seen a lot of Secrets and the
person who had Porter's job White House
staff secretary saw even more secrets
that McKeon did in a well-functioning
White House every piece of paper going
to the present and I mean every piece of
paper goes through that office Porter
was the funnel for information and
material going to the prison so he has
seen some of the most classified
documents that are in the United States
government here's how it works
according to McKeon agencies including
the CIA National Security Council draft
secret documents summaries with highly
classified intelligence will be printed
out for the president then those
summaries are given to the staff
secretary which was Porter along with
everything else the president might need
to read the staff secretary reads them
gives them to the president and then
takes them when he's done then
distributes whatever notes the president
might have what's the danger of someone
like that having access to classified
information well in his case he
obviously sensitive to this fact
becoming known to other people when you
have this information to store at what's
called derogatory information in your
background that would be embarrassing to
you embarrassing to the President and to
the White House that subjects him to
some risk of blackmail I mean that
sounds like a spy movie but you're
serious right it sure like Syria yeah
that is the risk if rock border beat his
wives he's a monster but in this case
the FBI doesn't actually care if you're
a monster they care if you're vulnerable
to pressure from an enemy of the United
States something like sitting down with
a for agent for a chat in exchange for
keeping that secret thing in your past a
secret
the FBI reportedly raised concerns about
Porter's lien the allegations of spousal
abuse last year well we don't know for
sure if that's what kept him from
getting his clearance we do know
definitely meets the bar of blackmail
risk and Porter could have been a real
target because the things he saw every
day as part of his job are the things
that every intelligence agency on earth
definitely wants to get their hands on
like if you were getting this as a
foreign agent this would be like the
good stuff that we have that we don't
want you to know about it might be some
of the crown jewels certainly not only
not only the substance of the secrets
but how we collected those secrets
gerrymandering redrawing election
districts to favor a particular group is
as old as the u.s. itself and it's the
reason so many American voting districts
look completely bizarre in the past
judges have struck down gerrymandered
maps for discriminating against black
voters but now they've gone a step
further striking down maps because they
favor one political party over another
for major cases this year focused on
extreme partisan gerrymandering in
Pennsylvania the state Supreme Court
ruled
recent case that the state's
congressional map was so biased in favor
of Republicans that it violated the
state constitution and ordered the state
legislature to submit a new map and have
it approved by the state's governor by
Thursday Republicans held 13 seats in
Pennsylvania's congressional delegation
after the 2016 election compared to
Democrats 5 but the GOP only got 54
percent of the vote
they appealed the decision to the US
Supreme Court but the justices declined
to intervene the legislators did come up
with a new map after their appeal got
shot down but Pennsylvania's governor
rejected it saying it was quote still a
gerrymander that means unless the
legislature draws a new map by tomorrow
the state Supreme Court may end up doing
it itself in North Carolina
federal judges tossed out the state's
congressional district map where
Republicans hold 10 seats to Democrats 3
the Supreme Court stepped in and
temporarily blocked the decision until
it could decide two other cases
one of those cases involves Maryland
where Democrats are accused of packing
the sixth congressional district to give
themselves a safe seat and the other
involves the map for Wisconsin's state
assembly after Republicans won
majorities in both houses in Wisconsin
in 2010 they created a new map that
ensured a lasting legislative majority
in 2016
Republicans won almost 2/3 of the seats
in the assembly but they got just 52
percent of the vote this kind of extreme
manipulation of the electoral map has
become all too common lately and it's
been a winning strategy especially for
Republicans but it's also forced the
courts to consider the constitutionality
of partisan gerrymandering and that
could reshape electoral maps across the
country
every night Maxine malikov drives his
mobile clinic into the Moscow suburbs he
provides drug users with clean needles
and HIV testing it's a job experts say
the government should do suck oh sure
we in your watiam iodide units are you
on the first coil system over times time
later yes well they split seat happens
you know what you were until the
intestine I teach Maxime is at the
forefront of Russia's fight against the
spread of HIV it has one of the highest
rates of new infections of any country
in the world
yes the Russian government has come
under pressure for acting too slowly but
it says that since it developed a
national strategy for HIV in 2015
treatment procedures have improved and
more than 32 million people have been
tested each year Methos Novotny ability
no savatya TPG me down as such as the
statistically Chester flu chief which no
ethnic capitalist regime said in Bremen
omission William Street dog on Russia
saw ten percent increase in new
diagnoses every year from 2006 to 2015
since then the Health Ministry says
their data shows a slight decline in the
number of new cases it is flawed chivda
teacher witnessed inaudible irritable in
the caucus to digitise each toe the
teachers not compatible for some
disadvantaged yaku is redundant sucks
news a new medium apocrypha regime
Dunham that estimates the Haggadah
vitamin cavalry tested so what I see
Samir is though she thought Soho triads
principal is a another Savannah sneezing
Paula stupid controlling but the state
zoned federal aid center a Research
Institute says the Health Ministry
underestimates new cases counting only
those who interact with government
services watch the Aegean pretend Oh
Slovenia Rashi amid severe OSA normal
addition Satan spoke aggressively
congressional focus Ottoman period and
yes to concentrate on the Agena resume
nobility Roman Akutan psychiatrist and
acknowledged period total group and
operational risk as Regina butch in the
selenium dr. Petrovski says at least 1.2
million people have been infected with
HIV in Russia and that even that figure
is likely much higher out of this total
280,000 people have died of the more
than 800,000 people living with the
virus
the Health Ministry is treating only 350
thousand and of the tens of thousands of
new cases each year 50 percent come from
sexual intercourse and 45 to 48 percent
result from drug use
- and latch in the Sturgis lawnmower
flusha for us killed me talk to the DA
most the wood shop still denied
attention to the most appreciative
Mirabelli yet in investors as logistic
spirits of Virginia is not common filter
which in effectively puts news really
touching each working group item oh she
just casually never I see the Mozilla my
answer was not long in your private disc
in organisms
maxims work survives on donations mostly
from overseas as a result the government
listed his organization as a foreign
agent the legal headaches who struggle
for funding have made the delivery of
testing and treatment services even
harder yet the Kuwata Walia post Montero
was I know genomic of pitocin amides
systems there are Iranian data does not
appear way out he somewhere as a stone
or a missed our stoppers animals him
reporte Mia the host Oh Tom conversion
Aloha augmentation ago studio and
precise to blemish applause al
this past fall laura Moriarty's new
novel american heart went out for its
first round of reviews the book tells
the story of Sarah marry a white
Midwestern teen who helps a Muslim woman
escaped from a dystopian America where
Muslims have been placed into internment
camps
it's like Huck Finn for the Trump era
Moriarty is white and a professor at
Kansas University where she teaches
about issues of representation and
ownership of stories so she knew she had
to tread carefully knowing that there
will most likely be some backlash what
do you do to prepare yourself for
writing this book I read as much as I
could from the perspective of Muslim
Americans and Iranian Americans I also
thought about complaints I had read
about how white people have sometimes
depicted people of color in the past and
I consciously tried to write against
those tropes at first it seemed like
Laura's caution had paid off
Kirkus one of the most influential
advanced review houses in America
assigned American heart to a Muslim
American woman she rewarded the book
with a coveted star which lined American
heart up for better sales more press and
publicity but after some critics began
to object online Kyrgyz pulled its star
and had the reviewer revise her take in
a statement Kirkus said quote some of
the wording fell short of meeting our
standards for clarity and sensitivity I
saw online that you know this message
from Curtis and it started out saying
you know we understand that people are
upset about it so we aren't going to
reconsider her review and make it more
sensitive and I just my jaw dropped
online controversies happen all the time
but carcasses decision to poll Moriarity
stars signaled a new capitulation we
asked her kisses editor-in-chief
Claiborne spans for comment on their
editorial process but he refused
repeated request for an interview for
this piece here you have a professional
reviewer a thoughtful reviewer who had
read the book in its entirety who is a
why a specialist who was well versed in
whites white Savior narratives according
to Curtis and then who also
was a woman of color and a Muslim they
censored her words her independent
reading of the book and to me that was
just so crazy because you know people
can think what they want about a book
people can criticize my book that's fine
that's normal I'm used to that that's
okay but here you had a case where
someone was not allowed to like the book
do you think that we're going to sort of
enter a publishing world in which you
know people's experiences are sort of
tethered to the actual way in which they
write I think it's already happening I
think it's already happened and I think
with Kirkus that was just like the death
blow I know that people who are trying
to write outside of their experience
their personal experience um even if the
books are good publishers are shied away
and of course they would be after this
you know they see what's happening
American heart was officially published
on January 30th of this year so far it's
sold far fewer copies than expected
something that Moriarty attributes to
the difficulties of promoting a book
that has been deemed problematic Gisele
Anatole was one of Laura's sensitivity
readers for American heart she's a
fellow professor at canvas University
who specifically studies representation
in children's books when you're reading
through it
were there any parts that sort of gave
you pause or you know something that you
flagged that you would want to talk to
Laura about I was worried that it could
be yet another instance of the white
Savior narrative Laura was very careful
about showing a very interesting balance
between these two characters the one
thing that Sarah mary has that Sadoff
doesn't have is white privilege and so I
think the book is a really interesting
way of making people kind of aware of
their white privilege Giselle didn't
think American heart was perfect but she
did see a parallel between it and
another classic of young adult fiction
in 1974 Palafox
published the slave dancer which won the
Newbery the protagonist is a young white
boy who's kidnapped and he's a musician
so he's made two he plays the flute
aboard a slave ship in being published
it allowed people to say there are lots
of writers who could maybe tackle this
object in more nuanced ways in in some
different perspectives and so then a
couple of years later then we get the
first Newberry to an african-american
writer and then a couple of years after
that then there's role of Thunder hear
my cry which is now this classic do you
think the convinced like white Americans
who have his llama phobic thoughts that
perhaps they might be wrong do you think
that they need to hear those arguments
from another white person with this book
I believe I'm using my cultural
accessibility I'm familiar with Sarah
Mary's world I'm familiar with how she
talks and how she thinks and where she
lives and where she grew up and I feel
like I am can write in a way that's
familiar to her and someone coming from
her position to tease out the
rationality of those beliefs
Rhonda Barada Television Festival you
miss it here in tagalog what's going on
that you know like the easily executives
in the davidic were young
- may I start doing may never look to
digitally just listed in their premiere
master if you've ever not hold it in
here that's enough she did it this may
cause some action I can't make it cheap
given the sound early Dom event a boil
arena it's all reality I will agree
should get a long dress there is the
concern unabated a minute if not the
solution a cash back you could muck out
the air a basic trick attack our bus and
made all sideways you can want emulsion
much paler than the Apple to the
yesterday just each other today Purdue
Allah Sachin Gerry Hauser Jerry's
original a party
availability mediation devotion auto nom
nom Billy develop late issue - Donna -
card- miss by Bahamas wisdom gentleman
deal with everything over with ecstatic
motorcade it is an iron jawed as I'm
done some artichoke mood to be shaky
level of the news a bit of - Oh Moo -
look there are media a McRib 18 sama OPM
is going to do
Yolanda Teresa Buddha useful flesh happy
mr. gage on this column even an check
check you may told every legal issues
organized are is that Allah Allah
like that myself said you need a good
so that they came into the shop a very
fair fight on June
under video
I
Thank You VIN thank I still gotta give
it me neither
they're in the Lehigh alum hangers to
kizamu sous-vide music you have to pay
John takekawa children you there are we
doing
come on mr. Alioto periodical
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
February 14
