yeah la Costa Park here love Adney
what's it like to drive a bus around
Baghdad Sagwa Sean is the how hard to
know the job route to settle out hey hey
did you go to school but it looks hard
mr. what buddy 16 year old Haider works
part-time as a bus driver even though he
doesn't yet have his license and he'd
been driving since you're 15 no one
stopped you Jonas tre was so awesome I
said us so adversity sounds quite risky
what's the point why are you still doing
it
they're so elation elation person had
told quietly Iraq's economy is in
shambles
when Haider isn't driving a bus he's
doing what hundreds of thousands of
young Iraqi men wind up doing fighting
for the last two years
Haider has fought with a local Shia
militia against is and he's about to
head back out to the front lines this is
your room it's not what you imagine for
a fight history I love you Oh little
Care Bears up here do you miss it when
you're not here
hey Anna darlin listen our castle nd
okay I thought I was him on a hippo
cotton have you ever killed someone give
me and Wyatt Latha or why and without a
sweater not look how many there is yet
did father have you lost any friends huh
I love Sofia and chance are we are held
Obama allocable atrophy of Kashmir deep
if a hide diameter at home how go home I
bought him one of the hell you home oh
this is your friend who died in war this
session how do you feel looking at these
photos
avoids my gotta love soared higher good
oh my god what's that
I lost my my latin how the - boy why do
you like to take photos of the heads hi
darlin thick layered oh my god it's
pretty gruesome
hey Janice yes I saw through schools
that have yellow boom why did you take
this photo in watch your fire no let me
Doug dumb I said I hope I hope you don't
mind your son having these photos on his
phone illegible misciagna a bodacious
it's always it was just happened into my
energy in other culturally Ahava edenia
Carpinelli Indian Wahid on the swing not
really a key bother she know you did do
you feel like he's missing out on
anything by going off to fight at such a
young age
hey Devin maka Mandela say forget the
most of a Mazda ma come in
one of the country's most tragic
casualties to the disruption of war is
the nation's once thriving education
system under the dictatorship of sedan
schools was secular and free primary
school enrollment was nearly a hundred
percent but since the fighting began in
2003 there have been tens of thousands
of education related attacks forcing one
out of every five schools to close over
the last 15 years the city of Fallujah
has seen some of the worst violence in
Iraq we went there to see one of the
only schools that's been reopened since
the area was reclaimed from his large
state Iraq used to have one of the best
education systems in the Arab world and
now over a third of the kids in the
country are out of school not receiving
any education at all this is actually
one of the more fortunate school and you
can see it still been pretty badly hit
there are hundreds of students studying
here crammed into tiny little classroom
the teachers are saying that they don't
have enough textbooks they don't have
enough chairs for the kids to sit on and
then they haven't received any
government support or funding
as more and more students show up at
what's left of the school the
headmistress is scrambling to
accommodate as many as she can
others of a will chunk suffered a lot in
a hammock Oh Hannah Hannah other have
added Amidala syndrome the - blah
amiable Aaron would Regina may RT CV
down more than a million school-age
children have been displaced since the
rise of the Islamic state
how long have you been at this school
for journalism why did you have to leave
his term Yanukovych anatomical at
Morocco or Chile and handheld - Oh Jean
Lima tonight higher insulin dependent
mythology would have been do a lot yeah
a good hugger a father has sent me Leo :
any rituals even for the students who
are lucky enough to get some form of an
education there are few opportunities
once they finish school for younger
adults the unemployment rate is
estimated at almost 40% Iraqi youth are
so disillusioned with the situation that
thousands have taken to the streets in
protest in 2016
demonstrators stormed the heavily
guarded government green zone demanding
reforms
months later the protests in Baghdad are
still going on with corruption with lack
of jobs with a million different
grievances the young people here in Iraq
have no alibi from hospital for Sedin
University baba ba-ba-ba-ba it's an
anomaly a glioma hostels article where
ya doin Almeida in my invention Island
dynamic here here let see reality that
Hamilton was only 18 million Shaheed
Malala alguna Katya and the family Rafa
Marquez criminal pollutes Saddam a
Leilani kusudama actually me at Saddam
America a little Malik in a lava heard
above the facade Allah Saddam
Saddam come on okay
billions of dollars have disappeared
from Iraq's economy due to corruption
under Prime Minister Nuri al-maliki
who the u.s. helped put in power even
now that mouth is gone the economy is in
worse shape than ever and corruption is
still rampant
to find out how top officials are
answering to these youth led protests we
met with Iraq's Minister of Youth every
Friday still hundreds of protesters
gather in Tahrir Square there's so much
anger amongst young people towards
politicians like yourself do you feel at
all guilty that you're sat here in this
throne earning one of the best salaries
in the country Echidna yeah I mean know
Tamil like any Sam well if you're cool -
today I mean agile and boom be watchable
be less efficient but Amin l mobile al
kabir kabir a nice old faithful
Rockwell modern enough to year and
little phone talk under the mantle
million at minute dollar art like an LA
saloon Alchemist but Matala can be
remaini Shabab material must have not a
travel mercury no cotton / y zrw
would you donate a wheel what's at stake
here if the situation doesn't turn
around for young people in Iraq what's
the future of the country look like
from yo man you're miss dad miss fatal
Bataan terrible insane minute McAuliffe
at a local amongst our yard
mom can Angelo halakha by aqua hunter
almost over hub or rather out who I
mean and well he had insurable in equal
share but there are certain groups who
have something to gain from the
discontent sweeping across Iraq
sectarian militias divided across
religious and political lines are
recruiting at an alarming rate we went
to one frontline with a Sunni militia
leader whose ranks are filled with
disenfranchised young men eager to join
the fight against Isis
great very humbled that first of you did
that feel good - we have one who is safe
- we're a little bit
do you often shoot
what we doing before that that's it what
would you be doing if you weren't
fighting only the charge on YouTube
privacy so you never went to school
Lana how much longer do you think you'll
be fighting for Aloha Aloha Marie what
do you think your country will be like
once Isis is that Clara journey sha la
la la la jolla travel are polluted with
the Shalimar do you guys fight with an
easy militia
: what a legend about knowledge and
anderson me a oma desala fully only at
the doors coolest or the shake doesn't
agree
dolly I love p.m. no LM about dinner man
I talk on how some of these men are
pretty young what were you doing when
you were their age a lot quite a
different life to the life that these
young guys have you've only recently
recruited these men was it easy to
encourage them to join up no no totally
focused over the cinema told a former
Arkansas oh boy a feared Oh al maidah
nearby ad maintain - Raghava Lucy our
senior communal billet once Isis is
eradicated do you think that that's it
or do you think that there might be more
tension between Shia and Sunni militias
little party nominee yes family party
animal reserve
body attack seems Brasserie shackled by
it would seem it that the stage is
already set for the next sectarian war
once Islamic state is gone to make
matters worse religious leaders on both
sides are escalating the call to war
amongst ever younger and impressionable
kids in 2014 she religious clerics
issued fatwas but made it a religious
duty for even children to take up arms
we met with one of the clerics
responsible in the shear city of Najaf
you yourself have issued a fatwa to
encourage young men to go and fight some
of the people who are going off to fight
are just boys I've seen some of them do
you think that they can fully comprehend
the magnitude of what they're getting
themselves into and you say it's easy
for you but I also met the families of
young boys who are heading out to fight
and it would be easy for them you were
talking about young people like they're
almost disposable is any age too young
to go and fight do you think minimum you
Lulu yeah you might have heard about
vampires with bowel issues do you have
any sons yes do they fight no it's quite
convenient though that you're asking
other people's children to go and fight
and not asking your own night oh really
laughing let me know kahl√∫a a little bit
of secure avila over file reader or
manipulated Marilyn Monroe militia ality
while more and more discontented youth
pour into the militias the toll has
already been staggering some estimate
that more than a million Iraqis have
been killed since 2003 we're just in
match of cemetery which is one of the
largest cemeteries in the world
literally as far as you can see it's
just millions of graves looking at these
photos
everyone's so young this whole area is
cordoned off for volunteers like Haider
several of his friends are buried here
we visited the grave of hide his friend
Alawi who was recently killed in battle
this is hello hello goons it is you ago
a little girl rock
how old was he when he died bad sinner
Domenici Bali how many of your friends
are buried here
why I may be home Billy I'm sorry enough
our age
and how many more of your friends do you
think you will be burying Lane I don't
what dr. Shi I'm a gulanee
Janna session and we lost a law so
how are we dropping one immunity no
laughter now carry valid Amati others
have only yeah I not overselling oh sure
how the hell would do you ever wish that
you grew up somewhere else and you
didn't have to go and fight in Iraq
hey that one the onion I hire Holly she
hello a plateau but one is Johnny I stay
home so Costello is you gotta show that
Tim young knock wash online that show
that I threw her in TV rooms layer more
hot Omaha City I wish about no machi she
you
