in 2008 MGMT was everywhere
they were the sound of house parties
movie trailers and every Urban
Outfitters in the world they were
nominated for multiple Grammys the
following year and they're single kids
went platinum
today the hits from their debut album
have over half a billion streams on
Spotify but a decade in two albums later
they still haven't recaptured that
original success mostly because they
haven't really tried now
after a four-year hiatus MGMT's back
with a new album called little dark age
and for the first time in a long time
the music sounded pretty radio-friendly
our record label is actually like oh you
have some songs that we could push on
this record which hasn't happened in a
while is this like the label saying you
know what they're not giving us a kids
part two so me Michael
let's do it I don't think the label is
expecting kids part two after our last
record I think I think that definitely
put a cork in the bottle put it to rest
I think part of it is like if you get to
that level where like you're making pop
songs that people are listening to like
why wouldn't you just keep doing that I
think some people are we're actually
angry that we wasted an opportunity
because like bin said people hear
something and then they just want that
again um but we're not going to ever do
that so we'll always disappoint some
people I'm sure
MGMT have enough ironic detachment that
they've turned their own story into the
plot line for the lead single me and
Michael you gotta check out this video
in the video Ben and Andrew play a
couple of washed-up pop stars desperate
for a hit they find it obscure Filipino
bands music and they decide to steal the
song and pass it off as their own the
video is kind of like self-flagellating
almost definitely there's always been a
little bit of self-sabotage in the band
like the we kind of formed the band
around this concept of destroying it as
it was happening and then we got really
mad when people accused us of doing that
yeah I think this common idea around
your band is you made some just absolute
bangers in the first record and then
hated everybody who liked those songs I
don't know I don't we don't want to be
seen as that I think that the second
album that we made was like definitely
in some ways a reaction to the quick
buzz from our first album but it wasn't
trying to like sabotage our careers
whether it's on purpose or not the whole
album is a lot more approachable than
the last two I think people are getting
into that stuff and like
appreciating that you can have like a
really catchy pop song that doesn't have
to follow a formula and hopefully we'd
pulled that off in a way that you know
people won't think that we're
intentionally trying to be obscure or
weird
like my
you
you
