Afghans in Kabul gathered today to
protest the killing of a Pashtun man in
neighboring Pakistan Pashtuns are the
ethnic majority in Afghanistan but in
neighboring Pakistan there are minority
and activists are speaking up to say
that they're being badly mistreated in
Islamabad the community has been
protesting the shooting last month of a
Pashtun named Macky Bilal Masood average
Bhutan is not a terrorist
this is why we are here and we want a
full stop you know - the extrajudicial
killing and we want you know full stop -
the genocide of Pashto
Karachi police killed Masood in what
they called a raid on a Taliban hideout
but Massoud was a shopkeeper and an
aspiring model his family says he
certainly wasn't a terrorist oh yeah
darkness rukia like Ebola total Agia
he'll make a day gamma Z DZ Tirana Kabul
on Amara J Humbert angiomas ADL Asiata
neighbor - naked after an investigation
the anti-terrorism court agreed that
Massoud was innocent and ordered the
arrest of Karachi's police
superintendent Rao Anwar many here
believe Anwar is responsible for
orchestrating other illegal killings
since 9/11 Pakistan's military has waged
a campaign against the Taliban in the
tribal areas near the Afghan border
where many Pashtuns lives as a result
thousands of postions have moved away
from the violence and into Pakistan
cities where they say they face a
different danger being stereotyped as
terrorists and in some cases attacked by
police it may be added to Pakistani
submiss submiss at Mt Isa local Hirata a
jitney be the one here go ahead discuss
at school maybe college maybe police
Panama be Jahan / di Bao's Cassatt empty
Aziza loco Hirata protesters say they
plan to stay on the streets until
justice is served if the government
doesn't take a quick action so this
peaceful people can then be very angry
you
you
