during the seven years my ex-husband
control pretty much everything I was
alone here between 2000 and 2010 an
estimated two hundred forty eight
thousand children in the u.s. found
themselves taking on a very grown-up
commitment they got married last week in
Florida the state Senate took up a bill
to put a stop to that 37 years Irenaeus
mr. president so by your vote the bill
passes if the measure gets signed into
law
Florida would actually become the first
state in the country to thought-out ban
child marriage it's the kind of proposal
that's been met with some unusual
pushback in other parts of the US this
was me right before I went to see my dad
I was 15 my dad had moved to California
and he wanted me to come visit him that
summer I wasn't looking forward to
seeing him actually as soon as I got off
the plane he kind of sat me down and
said you know you're at an age where
boys are becoming interested in you and
you need to get married it happened very
very quick it was within months of me
arriving to the United States that an
older man put his eyes on me saying that
he liked me that he wanted to date me
that he wanted to to marry me because he
was in love with me my family never
asked me if I wanted to get married they
just went ahead I'm planted walking into
the chapel my ex-husband was committing
statutory rape I was clearly eight
months pregnant I was a 16 year old and
he was then 29 so that should have been
an indicator to the people there to call
the cops but instead they officiated my
marriage certificate when I was 14
people heard me saying that I had to go
home from school to to do chores because
I was married
a lot of people who know believe me last
March after hearing about a 12 year old
girl engaged to be married in his
congressional district state senator
Jerry Hill authored a bill to completely
ban child marriage in California well my
first thought was it that that can't
happen here I mean this is California we
don't do those things and and that
there's their laws against that but then
we did a little research and found that
no it was correct in California there is
no minimum age for marriage we thought
we would move forward with legislation
in California that would limit the age
of marriage to 18 or above and I felt
that this was one of those no-brainers
this is one of those common-sense pieces
of legislation everyone would get behind
as soon as we introduced the bill then
we started seeing and receiving the
opposition that came in very upset with
establishing any age for marriage
the first opponent to surface was the
American Civil Liberties Union which
says it supports the sentiment behind
ending child marriage but insist the
Freedom to Marry is a constitutional
right regardless of age more surprising
is opposition from Planned Parenthood
which is famous for protecting the
health and well-being of women Planned
Parenthood came in and were very
concerned about the legislation they
felt that if you had to be a certain age
to marry then that would take away the
ability of a minor to make some
decisions related to choice whether it's
an abortion or something else
in a statement Planned Parenthood
suggested that it too opposes child
marriage and yet it seemingly doesn't
support codifying that opposition into
law sources with other human rights
organizations say that Senator Hale is
Right Planned Parenthood could be
worried that denying minors the right to
marry will give its opponents the
ammunition to deny minors reproductive
rights as well it's an awkward position
which may explain why Planned Parenthood
refused multiple interview attempts with
Vice news I'm one of hundreds of
thousands of girls I'm just one story
how many survivors need to come forward
there needs to be protections I mean I
just don't think it's that heart of an
issue during the seven years my
ex-husband control pretty much
everything the reason I did not get the
custody of my
child is because I was alone here I
didn't have the money to pay attorneys
the most difficult part of this long
long journey is definitely not having my
daughter with me
Floridians like Donna are now watching a
fair state will be the first in the
country to ban child marriage
unfortunately in Florida anything is
possible and we've had children as young
as 11 be married in the state and every
colleague that I have spoken to thinks
that that is a portent and we will seek
to change that this year child marriage
is still ever-present in our state this
bill makes one simple change it
prohibits marriage license from being
granted to minors under the age of 18
that is the bill mr. president this is
not Florida this is not what Florida is
about we need to protect our minors the
bill now heads to the Florida House
where a final vote is expected next week
several state representatives have
recently raised objections which could
derail the bill's passage I think it's
an issue whose time has come so I'm
optimistic but I don't take anything for
granted and we'll work very hard to make
sure that we can pass this bill this
session and make right what is a
terrible occurrence not just in Florida
but around the country
you
you
