I'd like to remind people to look at
their world and the wonder are you
living in someone else's imagination
Black Panther is one of the most
anticipated superhero films ever and
it's also a big moment for afrofuturism
whether you recognize it or not
afro futurism is becoming more visible
it's in jay-z's latest short film and
you've seen in videos by Outkast and
Janelle Monae the v's artists weren't
the first to reimagine the future
through a black lens and subvert racial
norms in the 70s Parliament Funkadelic
and Sunna orchestra were known for their
otherworldly aesthetic in sci-fi
influences I came from a dream that the
black man dreams long-ago cultural
critic mark Derry coined the term in the
90s to describe speculative fiction with
african-american themes with
afrofuturism now seeping into the
mainstream it's been difficult to define
it so we asked three creatives what it
means to them 70s sort of Funkadelic the
future the past the present black
science-fiction occult mythologies
anything almost fantasy like rooted in
Africa and just like the Diaspora it
then everything else is connected to it
I like the sort of mutable aspect of it
I like discovering new things to be
afrofuturism people look at afrofuturism
they say I was just a lot of costumes
and fancy things and it's like yeah but
that's what triggers the imagination an
appetite for a future storyline seems to
be growing in the past year Neddy
okorafor wrote issues of the Black
Panther comics and HBO option to post
apocalyptic book who fears death which
is said in Sudan I see the world is a
magical place
so the fantastical elements naturally
came into my work I was obsessed with
post apocalyptic literature post
apocalyptic stories stories about the
end of the world in reading it I would
notice that Africa was always missing
like a whole freaking continent I
remember when my first novel came out
like reviewers did not know what to do
with it it was a blend of fat
see science fiction deeply rooted in
Nigerian folklore mythology and culture
and politics and it was young adults and
there was nothing like that
out there at the time in the short
period of time that I have been doing my
thing I've seen a huge very fast change
and and that's refreshing and
encouraging afrofuturism doesn't fit
into meat categories and that's
especially clear through you Tasha
Womack's expression of it the Chicago
and author and choreographer if it's an
abstract approach by encouraging dancers
to release their inner after futuristic
thoughts through movement a lot of the
work that I've been doing has been
around dance therapy and pulling from
movements and the African diaspora on
the African continent but also you know
creating spaces for people to talk about
their ideas of their dreams or the
future and using self expression or
freestyle dance to really hold a space
for that
afrofuturism is so exciting I mean you
can get in vault from any perspective
that makes the most sense for you it
could be as deep as you want it to be
and it could be as light and refreshing
as you want it to be as well bring it
down take our knees down recognizing our
connection to the earth blueprints over
the future could physically look like or
how one brooklyn-based artist channels
afrofuturism a lolicon JFS uses 3d
imagery to create films and VR
experiences that project Nigeria's
largest city Lagos into the year 2050
the idea was to say two things to to
sort of give these communities a place
in the future through a series of these
photo montages to have these slums that
are often bulldozed and overlooked and
considered eyesores to give them
prominence throughout privileged sites
of real estate I'm actually going inside
of the shanty mega-structure
to show you a little bit more about the
culture of this world that I've created
with a young writer from Lagos wale
Lawal it's kind of a collage cannibal
architecture that I'm creating where I
download various models and I chop them
up I remix them I change their textures
and I pretty much cobble you know this
world together because it's speculative
in nature and because I'm from Africa
then it's afrofuturism as afrofuturism
inspires more creators in Africa and
it's diaspora its aim remains simple
it's important that afrofuturism become
more visible because Africans and black
people here in the future we are a part
of the future we are a part of
technology we we are contributing to
technology and I think that afrofuturism
shows a lot of this and while I will
afrofuturism can seem really really
complicated to people because it's so
much Ravel and dazzle and science but on
another level it's just about people
wanting to tell
is about the future and wanting to be a
part of the future and feeling like they
can say
