neuroscientists have spent the past
hundred odd years trying to map out the
human brain and while they're pretty
confident what kind of thinking and
behaviors different regions of the brain
are responsible for figuring out what
each specific neuron does is still a
thick cloudy mystery in order to break
through this resolution barrier a team
at Stanford has been experimenting with
optogenetics a form of genetic
manipulation that allows them to trigger
individual neurons with a precise beam
of light instead of a clunky imprecise
jolt of electricity with optogenetics
the power is that you can study a
particular wire connection in the brain
in isolation and say what is that that
one connection in this huge mass of
tangled wires what is that one
connection doing so dopamine neurons are
one of those connections they're really
important for reward and movement and
learning they certainly are part of the
story with understanding how addiction
affects the brain
he's a transgenic Mouse and so he's had
a surgery that makes his dopamine
neurons sensitive to light and then I
implanted a little fiber-optic cannula
and that's what you see sticking out of
his head so the white stuff is just some
glue and then we can plug in a cable and
at the end of that cable are the
dopamine neurons now when we shine the
light in it'll turn on his dopamine
neurons and now we're gonna let him
decide whether he wants to turn those on
or not
so what does the mouse do
so there are two holes in the side of
the chamber go if he pokes his nose in
the left one nothing happens and so
that's our control but if he pokes his
nose in the right one he'll get two
seconds of dopamine neuron stimulation
so he just made one response and you can
see the light up there went zinc now
he's doing again it again again dopamine
neurons are activated by basically all
drugs of abuse and so this is similar to
what would happen if you were trying a
hit of cocaine for the first time as you
get a flood of dopamine in your brain
and that seems to be pretty critical for
kind of beginning this progression
towards addiction he has just got his
nose and that thing yeah this isn't a
bad experiment to get drafted into the
most I've seen that an experiment is
18,000 in an hour so at that point
they're kind of basically not doing
anything other than activating their
neurons this is part of what tells us
that dopamine neurons are important for
forgiving you motivation optogenetics
lets us tease apart that level of
complexity too
we can say this one input coming into
this these dopamine neurons how does
that affect their activity what does the
animal do when we turn on that input or
turn off that input and so it's kind of
mapping the the pleasure centers are the
other rewards in it yeah but
optogenetics you can you can target more
specifically and just pick one set of
cells and not the other even if they're
right next to each other so that's
that's the neat trick and and it really
has changed the way we do narrow science
research
you
