tonight what Trump really thinks about
the dreamers fighting for the Ganges and
exposure therapy in VR
former governor and UN Ambassador bill
Richardson has resigned from an
international panel that was created to
advise Myanmar on its humanitarian
crisis in Rakhine State
Richardson announced he's leaving the
Advisory Board because he doesn't want
to be part of a quote cheerleading squad
for the government
he said the country's civilian leader
Aung San su Chi is lacking moral
leadership Richardson spoke to vice news
and disputed the government's account
that they asked him to step down because
he was pursuing his own agenda during a
meeting with su Chi Richardson brought
up the case of two Reuters journalists
being detained in Myanmar I said to her
you should start by releasing these to
journalism let the press look at what's
happening in the retained the atrocities
human rights and she snapped at me and
said this is not in your turner this is
not what you should be doing almost
yelling at her she doesn't want any
Francophile she wants validation of her
government policies which are not
working the Department of Education is
being sued over its decision to rollback
Obama era guidelines for how schools
should respond to sexual violence in
September Secretary of Education Betsy
DeVos said the new guidance would treat
all students fairly when a complaint is
made but the suit filed today by several
advocacy groups says the change
discriminates against students who
report sexual assault and the plaintiffs
allege it was motivated by a stereotype
that women and girls quote lack
credibility on sexual harassment a
Department of Education spokesman said
they don't comment on pending litigation
New Hampshire senator jeanne Shaheen is
calling for a Senate investigation into
the u.s. Olympic Committee and USA
gymnastics after former team dr. Larry
Nasser was sentenced for sexual abuse
NASA received up to 175 years in prison
yesterday and more than a hundred and
fifty girls and women have come forward
to accuse
Shahin said both organizations have
serious questions to answer about how
nasa's criminal behavior continued
unchecked and she urged her colleagues
to start a committee to investigate the
matter before the Winter Games start
next month scientists have discovered a
human jaw bone that's at least a hundred
and seventy seven thousand years old
inside a collapsed cave off the coast of
Israel it's the oldest human fossil
that's ever been discovered outside of
Africa and it suggests that modern
humans started venturing to other
continents about 55,000 years earlier
than previously thought
White House policy adviser Stephen
Miller briefed GOP congressional staff
today on the immigration deal that
President Trump wants to see 25 billion
for a border wall and an end to
so-called chain migration in exchange
for a pathway to citizenship for
undocumented immigrants who arrived as
minors even if they never applied for
daca while both sides of the aisle
already have some real problems with
this proposal it does highlight
something pretty rare in the Trump era
presidential consistency one of the
things that makes the immigration debate
so difficult is that everyone here in DC
says they don't know what Trump stands
for but on daca it's not true yes Trump
is basically an immigration hardliner
trying to buy an office full of
hardliners but every time you get him
alone with reporters or even Democrats
he routinely volunteers and he wants to
do something for the dreamers and he's
been consistent on stuff like this back
in 2015 in the early stages of the
presidential campaign Trump went on
Breitbart radio Steve Bannon his future
campaign CEO and White House senior
advisor one of the hosts Trump told ban
on a story about a talented young
immigrant who went to college here got
booted from the country and heard a
prosperous business back home in India
we have to be careful of that Steve you
know we have to keep our talented people
in this country I think you agree with
that well I I got a tougher you know
when two-thirds or three-quarters of the
CEOs in Silicon Valley are from South
Asia or from Asia I think he did annika
my point is that a country's more like
sessions a country's more than an
economy we're a civic society so let's
summarize that Trump says his natural
instinct is to let people who can
contribute to the economy stay in the US
Bannen says his natural instinct is to
be skeptical of that because an influx
of immigrants could put our civic
society in danger this got a push-pull
between Trump and the far-right who
elected him has played out throughout
his administration when he first said
daca will come to an end
then the
convinced him to tweet that dreamers
shouldn't worry about being deported but
not long after that he said he wouldn't
do anything to help dreamers unless
Democrats agree to build his wall when
he had that open immigration negotiating
session before the cameras the other day
Trump seemed to agree with the Democrats
on the DREAM Act what about a clean daca
bill now and with a commitment that we
go in to a comprehensive immigration
reform procedure but I think we have to
do duck House Majority Leader Kevin
McCarthy basically had to throw himself
in front of the bus to stop Trump for
making a deal with Democrats on TV to be
clear though I think what senator
Feinstein is asking here when we talk
about just daca we don't want to be back
here two years later you have to have
security today the White House confirmed
what Trump told reporters last night
that his vision for a dream wall
compromise includes a pathway to
citizenship we're going to morph into it
it's gonna happen over a period over a
period of 10 to 12 years again Trump
clearly in favor of protecting dreamers
but here's the thing
it was Trump himself who ended daca last
fall unilaterally bowing to the
conservative line that the program was
illegal of course he's the guy pushing
travel bans and cracking down on
sanctuary cities the paradox can be
crazy-making for political observers and
for the people who spend their lives
figuring this stuff out the executive
director of the National Immigration Law
Center told me it doesn't really matter
what's in Trump's heart it doesn't even
really matter what comes out of his
mouth we have been told by people that
when it comes to children and young
people that he apparently does have kind
of a soft heart he'd be an undermined by
his own now specifically chief of staff
Kelley and Miller
they're probably other voices as well
what makes him
unreliable and it's hard to believe what
he really wants is his flip-flopping we
are where we are because Trump created
this crisis and only he can fix it and
Republicans control Congress and so at
the end of the day if the legislation
fails is on that immigration is in
president Trump's only signature issue
and on the other he and his populist
base are perfectly instep anybody ever
hear of NAFTA
I ran the campaign somewhat based on
NAFTA the Clippers gave us NAFTA think
of it the worst trade deal ever signed
by any country ever I'm going to
renegotiate NAFTA one of the worst trade
deals ever signed in the history of our
country perhaps the worst ever signed in
the history frankly of the world when
Trump makes big promises on trade his
supporters eat it up now he has to
deliver and as the NAFTA partners meet
this week to try to hash out changes to
the agreement Trump has the perfect
sidekick the ideologically aligned
logically precise Spock to his Kurt his
name Robert light Hauser I do think that
he shares a lot of the same inclinations
as President Trump but the real
difference is he actually knows how to
carry those out in practice he's
absolutely not a bumbling fool I'm not
suggesting that President Trump is but
one could imagine installing somebody
like that in this position and he's
absolutely not that he's a very very
sharp mind light Heiser was the deputy
US Trade Representative for Ronald
Reagan in the 80s and then he practiced
international law for 30 years in DC
where he worked to hold back the tide of
imports that threatened the domestic
steel and auto
I think to some extent you can judge a
trade agreement by the extent to which
the people that are your trading
partners that you're really negotiating
against have not accomplished their
objective his views haven't changed over
time in 2008 he wrote an op-ed attacking
the quote utopian dreams of free traders
it is a great honor for me to appear
before you today and by the time of his
confirmation hearing he had adopted
Trump's rhetoric that we should have in
America first trade policy and that we
can do better in negotiating our trade
agreements and be stronger and enforcing
our trade laws people who know light
hyzer say comparisons between Trump and
his chief negotiator however are unfair
they're totally different I met him when
he was in the Reiki administration light
hyzer is actually a very thoughtful
person and if he's going to say
something
it's for effect not because he lacks
impulse control his reverence to me is
refreshing to others it might be
off-putting so it really depends on how
you like your trade negotiators you want
him boring and staid then he's not for
you if you want him provocative and
irreverent and fun and effective he's
our guy the US Mexico and Canada are now
in the sixth round of NAFTA
renegotiation and Trump and white Heiser
have turned the talks upside down take
dairy Canada protects its own dairy
farmers with a mix of high tariffs and
strict regulation
so a typical US administration would be
trying to make it easier to get more
American milk or cheese or ice cream
onto the Canadian market that's not what
the Trump administration is doing what
they're doing that's controversial is
they're basically saying you've exported
too much to us under NAFTA we want to
take that away from you it's not that we
want to export more to you we actually
want to raise trade barriers to you and
that's very new
that's not how any successful trade
negotiations new trade agreements have
ever been conducted one reason light
hyzer and Trump want to renegotiate
NAFTA
is America's huge trade deficit which is
the term for when a country imports more
than it exports addressing it has been
Trump's number-one demand from the word
go and light Heiser has turned it into a
real sticking point we have seen no
indication that our partners are willing
to make any changes that will result in
a rebalancing and a reduction in these
huge trade deficits but the trade
imbalance with NAFTA countries isn't all
that big especially compared with say
China an experts say it's the wrong
metric by which to judge trade deals
anyway it only focuses on one side of
the ledger it's only looking at the the
trade in manufactured goods right it
doesn't take into account the trade and
services and we have a surplus with
Mexico when it comes to services as we
do with with the rest of the world the
big question remains will Trump follow 3
what his threats to drop out of NAFTA if
light Heiser can't get concessions press
reports suggest repeated conversations
with farm state senators like Iowa's
Joni Ernst and Nebraska's Deb Fischer as
well as meetings with pro trade business
groups like the US Chamber of Commerce
are having an effect and leaving NAFTA
could have serious consequences for US
trade one thing that's come out of this
is the Canadian Mexican relationship is
strengthened dramatically the Mexicans
announced earlier this week that they're
on the verge of concluding a new free
trade agreement with Europe they're in
the process of negotiating a deal with
Argentina and Brazil they're moving very
aggressively and I frankly think this
will go down as one of the great
self-inflicted wounds of all time but
light Heiser's old friend says he's not
as hell-bent on blowing up NAFTA as some
might think I think that whether he
planted the dynamite all over the bridge
doesn't mean he plans to detonate it I
don't believe he wants to to get rid of
NAFTA I think he wants to make it better
millions of Hindus will be swimming in
the Ganges this week for the annual Magh
Mela festival just as they have for
years but it's not a pleasant swim the
Ganges is one of the world's most
polluted rivers that isn't just a
problem for swimmers more than 500
million people depend on the Ganges as
their main source of water and despite a
multi-billion dollar cleanup initiative
that India announced in 2014
the river hasn't gotten any safer for
them
we have come to see the beautiful Ganga
here to experience its warmth that is
giving it to us tell me about the
spiritual significance that you feel
cannot be said it is to be filled
for India's nearly 1 billion Hindus who
believe that if a body is burned and
returned to the river at Varanasi it can
escape reincarnation the Ganges is one
of the most sacred places on earth but
it's also one of the most polluted you
can smell it how much sewage is coming
out there right now
150 million liters per day how many
people's sewage is that 1 million so
that's the of a million people
flowing into the Ganga yeah every day
yeah this is just one great
environmental scientist Rakesh Jaiswal
has been campaigning for a cleaner
Ganges for 25 years today
Ganga is more polluted than it was 30
years ago and to last 24 years I have
seen the situation while sitting on
label no improvement technology in total
drains along the Ganges empty a billion
gallons of raw sewage and industrial
waste into the river every day
decomposing bodies make their way into
the water from riverside crematoriums
and in Kanpur hundreds of tanneries
release toxic chemicals and heavy metals
into the river which is the city's
source of water half of Kanpur City
including me was getting drinking water
from river Ganga the water there was
highly contaminated containing city
wastewater and also a contaminated
discharge from TB hospital tuberculosis
Hospital Wow yeah as you can imagine
contaminated water puts the population
at risk of disease including cholera
typhoid and viral diarrhea why aren't
there processing centers or you know
water treatment facilities or
infrastructure basically this is the
inability and inefficiency of the
Goldman
in 2014 Prime Minister Narendra Modi
announced namami Ganga a 3 billion
dollar cleanup initiative
the government commissioned an official
pop anthem for the river and there has
been talk of starting breeding programs
with flesh-eating Turtles that can deal
with decomposing bodies in the water but
namami gungi never took off three years
later reports say that just 205 million
dollars has been spent an India's top
environmental Court declared it a
failure saying quote not a single drop
has been cleaned as so far three years
of already gone and there is nothing
concrete on the ground
not even one waste like management also
even one new treatment plant in March
2017 Accord in Auckland took the matter
into its own hands and gave the Ganges
legal personhood status what does giving
a river the status of personhood do for
the river other tickity what it can do
is just like a legal entity and sue
somebody but there were no lawsuits
shortly after the Ganges became a legal
person the Supreme Court intervened and
stopped it giving a legal right or a
legal status by itself will mean nothing
Sudan for Assad is a Supreme Court
lawyer he says that giving the Ganges
the right to sue polluters has some
logical issues and not just because a
river can't represent itself in court
it doesn't really emphasize how that
status of a turistic or legal
personality is going to help in cleaning
up the river or improving the ecosystem
of the river that analysis is completely
absent from the judgement so is it
purely symbolic I would think so you
know it's the core trend of clean up the
river but with the wrong tool when the
person had order was scrapped a legal
route to forcing government action was
closed but not everyone is worried about
the toxic waste and sewage that continue
to pour into the Ganges there's a
persistent myth among the public and
even scientists that the river is so
holy it's essentially self-cleaning if
you bring the water
it will help in improvement of your
health
Biddy Tripathi is a professor and former
expert for the National Ganga River
Basin Authority the agency responsible
for overseeing the implementation of
Modi's cleanup program he is
surprisingly optimistic about the
situation if you increase the flow into
the water then sixty to eighty percent
organic pollution problem will be
automatically resolved really yes you
believe that the river Ganga can heal
itself if there's more water in the
river Ganga of course hundred percent
true if water is there if flow is
maintained Ganga will solve its own
pollution problem dilution is the
solution of pollution so we can still
see sewage is chapatis belief in the
ganges power is misplaced industrial
waste accumulates in the environment
over time and can't simply be diluted
still the rivers pollution isn't
stopping people from going to the Ganges
to be cleansed so you're not sort of
bothered by the pollution no have you
guys taken a dip I can go do it right
now so Ganga you would hop in right now
yeah
do you feel like this is something
that's really impacting your life in a
big way
like interfering with your ability to do
your work I was doing this interview
with John Cho we all good we decided for
some reason we're gonna do it at the top
of this building I did it I couldn't
refuse I mean it's my job yeah you know
I mean and it's kind of hard to explain
but I have a fear of heights I feel like
it's not like a normal fear of heights
um I'm worried that I will jump off of
things basically is what happens
regardless of whether or not it's fear
of heights or you know a form of OCD the
good news is that this sort of issue is
one of the most effectively treatable
conditions not just in mental health but
also in all of healthcare really yeah
okay yeah Wow that conversation was real
what's not so real is the way dr. Arana
vich wants to treat me he's one of about
200 therapists testing a new virtual
reality platform with his patients most
people have only used VR to play video
games but now the VR technology is
getting cheaper people are starting to
use it for other things like therapy
limbic startup in Palo Alto is
developing VR experiences that mimic
real life maybe you can tell me what
you're seeing right now it's a good
place to start
welcome to limbic cor take a moment to
adjust your headset get comfortable and
prepare for therapy
like this driving scenario with variable
intensity and danger
the idea is that if someone's afraid of
something the best way to treat them is
to gradually expose them to it and over
time their fear will get less intense or
even go away
what other kind of environments do you
have you already put together so public
speaking is obviously a really common
anxiety for people if you want you can
stand up in front of the crowd you can
look around in all directions see your
presentation and then once the therapist
asides ok Dexter is comfortable talking
in front of this positive casual
audience you can then make the audience
angry I would not have thought of this
one I would I mean Heights
yes cars sure this is this is kind of
this a little bit off the beaten path
Olympics long-term plan is to sell its
software to large institutions like VA
hospitals and drug and alcohol treatment
clinics so far limbic says 3 million
dollars in VC funding and there's six
months into their testing program with
therapists so are you saying something
yes looks like sand maybe a beach
yeah great if you feel like comfortable
my plan would be to kind of take it up a
notch
sure yes do it okay I think this one
might be a good option take it to the
edge here nope
I would never do this in real life
okay what's the essence right now the
sense is why am I here okay one on one
second I think you should be transported
to a bridge Gabe yep did you just take
it to eleven is this 11 just be honest
with me
this is it I mean it's dependent on you
does it feel like an 11 uh I mean I
don't know how much higher you could
take it this is pretty bad that's 100
out of 100 we're pushing 80 and 90 yeah
this is this is up there let's stop here
whenever you're ready I would say go
ahead and take that sure headset off
yeah so um yeah how was that for you so
it felt realer than I thought it would
interesting yeah you know it's still
different than actually being there sure
right but it's impractical to go there
yeah and so this really kind of bridges
us between you know office-based
imaginal exposure where I just asked you
to imagine it and being there dr. Rana
vich says the properly treating my fear
of heights could take a few months of VR
sessions considering a figure that'd
have to be terrified alleges for the
rest of my life that doesn't sound so
bad
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
January 25th
you
