tonight protecting robert muller
cleaning up after Baltimore's cops
sometime you have to hit rock bottom so
you can get back up and the e use latest
breakaway threat
at least 37 people are dead and more
than a hundred have been injured after a
South Korean hospital went up in flames
most of the patients were elderly 26 of
those who died were in their 80s or
older a doctor a nurse and a nurse's
aide also died in the fire which is the
country's deadliest in almost a decade
under existing safety standards the 6th
floor building wasn't required to have a
sprinkler system officials are still
investigating the cause Cecile Richards
the president of Planned Parenthood will
be stepping down this year during her
12-year tenure Richards has repeatedly
had to defend the women's health care
organization as it's come under partisan
attack for providing abortions her
departure comes as the Trump
administration has tried to cut federal
funding for Planned Parenthood and limit
access to birth control Steve Wynn the
billionaire casino mogul who serves as
the Republican Party's finance chairman
is being accused of a quote decades-long
pattern of sexual misconduct in a Wall
Street Journal article based on the
accounts of dozens of current and former
employees of winds properties in one
incident in 2005 when reportedly forced
a manicurist to have sex with him and
later paid her a 7.5 million dollar
settlement numerous other employees
recalled when exposing himself and
pressuring them into sexual contact in a
response to the journal Wynn said quote
the idea that I ever assaulted any woman
is preposterous after the report was
published the company's stock dropped
more than 9%
New York and Minnesota are suing the
federal government for cutting over a
billion dollars in funding for health
care programs created under the
Affordable Care Act according to the
joint lawsuit the state's basic health
programs serve more than 800,000
low-income people New York's Attorney
General said that the decision by the
Department of Health and Human Services
to make the cuts is a quote cruel and
reckless assault the department declined
to comment on the pending litigation the
entire board of directors of USA
Gymnastics will step down in an effort
to clean house after its catastrophic
failure to protect its athletes from
abuse the US Olympic Committee issued a
demand for the resignations on Thursday
and threatened to decertify USA
Gymnastics which selects Olympic
competitors if it didn't comply on
Wednesday former national team dr. Larry
Nasser was sentenced to as much as 175
years in prison for abusing girls in his
care
two Baltimore police officers are on
trial this week in federal court for
some of the worst misconduct imaginable
they're part of a group of eight
officers accused of robbery and
extortion faking evidence and planting
drugs among other crimes
the officers were part of an elite group
called the gun trace task force set up
by the mayor in 2007 to help fight
rising crime and murder rates the task
force was supposed to check the flow of
guns and get the worse guys off the
street and for a while city leaders and
reporters saw the task force as a huge
success but it was also completely
corrupt acting is what prosecutors have
called a gang style crime ring six of
the officers have already pleaded guilty
but there's a bigger problem the task
force's misconduct has tainted hundreds
if not thousands of criminal cases and
in a city already infamous for horrible
policing it's shattered any remaining
trust between cops and the communities
Antonia Hilton met some of the people
trying to figure out how to clean up the
mess
it's like so frustrating this is like oh
you have this cop was charged for false
information this cop is alleged to have
planted evidence all right Deborah levy
is a Maryland public defender whose
full-time job is now investigating the
gun trace
task force and trying to clear the names
of its victims I have a spreadsheet of
about 2,000 cases in general that we're
trying to undo 2,000 cases yet 2,000
cases and that's what we think would be
a conservative number I can't sleep at
night because there's so many that I
haven't undone it's very stressful it's
really stressful her job is not simple
cops Internal Affairs complaints are
shielded from reporters lawyers in the
public by state laws that protect
officers privacy Levy has to fight in
court to unseal them and she thinks the
task force misconduct is just the tip of
the iceberg we're convinced that the web
doesn't stop with the eight indicted
officers so we'll take each indictment
and on each indictment it all say on
this date this officer is alleged to
have engaged in conduct with this
particular officer with these initials
we've then now started filing for the
internal affairs documents for the other
officers who were present on the scene
that day to see if they were involved in
your opinion do you think the gun trace
task force ultimately made but we're
more or less safe less safe I think that
absolutely 100% the city is pretty much
fallen apart right the relationships
between the police and the citizens of
Baltimore and that at the end of the day
everything is based on trust golly this
guy ran into me I say what I say the
help only does some extra so should
they want supposed to do
yeah January 2014 a group of officers
including two members of the gun trace
task force stormed Sean Whiting's home
the officers suspected he was a drug
dealer and he says got a warrant to
search his home under false pretenses
once inside whiting says they tossed his
house and stole $20,000 in cash some of
it drug money and even took his
children's video games certain things
come to a light you know I mean when you
lie about certain things waiting filed a
police misconduct complaint with
internal affairs but no one bought the
story until 2017 when the case is piling
up in federal indictments sounded very
familiar do you think people listen to
your voice listen to what you were
trying to tell them was going on no they
wouldn't listen to me at all
they wouldn't listen to me at all
Whiting's lawyer Ivan Bates helped him
get his conviction overturned last year
Bates has reopened 19 cases involving
the task force in 17 of those cases he's
been able to get the charges dropped I'm
not that good no one's that good
unfortunately task force is just that
bad and when you see don't think when
you read the indictments I knew it was
coming I mean I've been living it I've
been seeing it you know there were
individuals in the indictment that I
knew their cases simply when I just read
the indictment in this moment where
we're post Freddie gray consent decree
all these efforts to rehabilitate and
then this happens what does this sort of
represent for the city sometime you have
to hit rock bottom so you can get back
up an obvious question that will
inevitably be asked of me and the mayor
and many others is you know are we
surprised by the findings of this report
Kevin Davis was appointed police
commissioner in 2015
leading the department while the task
force committed many of their crimes
there are neighborhoods and say you
didn't listen and you know what we doubt
that it's even that that brazen
misconduct is confined to those eight
guys I can't argue someone out of their
experiences or their emotions and the
trust thing you know I don't have an
easy answer for that I know that it's a
you know that our good will bank account
was significantly drawn upon by this
incident should you have found out
earlier I have three full-time internal
affair detectives that are assigned to
the FBI Baltimore field office
anti-corruption unit the question rather
for law enforcement is when when bad
things happen and and this is certainly
a bad thing you know what are you
willing to learn from it and what are
you willing to acknowledge and do better
to improve to decrease the likelihood
that it'll ever happen again
just a few days after our interview
Davis was fired by Mayor Catherine Pugh
we need
reduction we need the numbers to go down
faster than they are do you think
there's going to have to be some kind of
public apology public reckoning I don't
think we'll get that I am not so
interested in the public apology as much
as I'm interested in getting to the
bottom of it cuz until you do that right
until we can be assured your apology
doesn't mean very much
no because I just still think there's
still misconduct going on I mean there
just has to be in the meantime she's
stuck undoing the damage one person at a
time they're willing to undo not just
your conviction but your two
co-defendants convictions at this point
you can be very very hopeful then
everything's going to be expunged and it
will vanish off your record altogether
you're welcome take care bye name for
Shaun whiting who was released in
November 2017 it's three and a half
years behind bars three and a half years
without his six kids if you had a hard
time getting back on your feet since
November oh yeah yeah you come from
having a vehicle you have the house you
have the money they take your money
anything like nobody givin me no free
money it's hard he lives with his aunt
now having lost his house while
incarcerated apologies and reform won't
get any of that back
anybody thinking about that it's nobody
everybody now what's done is done it's
done does it make you angry
don't make not no more because it's not
more change it's not more change one
thing is won't do is slow down and
before you know it back at it again
President Trump insisted today that
reports that he attempted to fire
Special Counsel Robert Muller last June
were fake news that's of course what
Trump always says about stories he
doesn't like and it's restarted the push
in Congress to keep the president from
taking Muller out fake news or not there
are people who anticipated this might be
a problem they have a constitutional
responsibility to act now Senator
Richard Blumenthal is a co-sponsor of
one of several bills trying to protect
the Special Counsel from being fired
there are also a few in the house but
the ones to pay attention to are the
Senate bills both of which have some
bipartisan support one from senators
Lindsey Graham and Cory Booker would
require the Attorney General to have a
panel of federal judges review the
decision to fire a special counsel
before going through with it
we've been so the review would be they
can comment on it they just can't
reinstate is that the difference yes
they can't reinstate that can make a
decision that it was didn't meet the
criteria of dismissal then the the
political system would take over after
that so it's a limited solution the
other Senate bill from Thom Tillis and
Chris Coons would allow a special
counsel to contest being fired after the
fact also before a panel of federal
judges but support for these bills isn't
unanimous last September the Senate
Judiciary Committee held a hearing on
the bills and conservatives raised
reasonable questions about whether it
was constitutional to tie the
president's hands any time we tinker
with the division of power within the
federal government between these three
branches of government we do grave
damage to the system that hearing was
basically all the attention these bills
got Republicans support fizzled last
fall I don't hear much pressure to pass
anything there's been no indication the
President or the White House are not
cooperating that seems to have changed
with the New York Times report which
several other news outlets have
confirmed
so if there's a renewed public focus on
protecting Muller this time it'll be
harder for Republicans to resist
in the Czech Republic voting is underway
in the second and final round of the
presidential election putting a pro year
of academic year Deidre hosh against the
incumbent president Miller Zemin a
fierce nationalist and critic of the EU
the race appears to be close but it's
less about the two men running than it
is about the country's right to
self-determination and what it means to
be from there young buck sir has been
shooting since he was 12 years old he
believes that owning a gun is a cultural
rights and check law backs him up all
that's required to purchase a gun here
is that the buyer is 21 has no criminal
record and passes a quick test the
circulator I don't have to start with to
push a button I call super Americana
posthumous takete rashiku why do love
guns so much Oh Ganesha caste Jovic
maths obf sorry school officer yeah no
topology 32 version of mere contact now
Pakistan washing stove plan but buying
guns is harder now because of a new EU
directive passed last year after
investigators discovered that the guns
used in the Charlie Hebdo attack had
been purchased legally in Eastern Europe
the Czech governments filed lawsuits
against the EU saying that the directive
discriminates against Czech culture
presidents millages amman publicly
backed the suits are you voting in this
presidential election well who you
voting for the menorah hush the man why
esteem see gilepsy representant
Prochazka republic ooh yeah poor Lamia
is a man the man's opponent Yugi Josh
former head of the Czech Academy of
Sciences is a classic pro-europe liberal
in the man's view a threat to national
identity
the man practices a brash style of
politics displays like that makes a man
unpopular in big city problems but his
rural supporters see him as a defender
of the country he now calls Czechia from
Muslims and from migrants migration is
connected with terrorism because some
jihadists are hidden inside migration
wave Brussels is now suing the Czech
Republic along with Hungary and Poland
over their refusal to take in refugees
but the Muslim community here is
actually very small there are fewer than
22,000 in a country of 10 million which
gets filled Belet Silver Tequila hamsa
according to bed at a lake a local
Muslim community leader the anti Islam
rhetoric has left Muslims struggling
with the rise in hate crimes he moved to
Prague 15 years ago
Milosh sermon Eagle muslimeen and hamsa
offer must tell if our Allah which time
I add Czech Republic should call me like
he said dollar ya knee or just god damn
LaBella de luck in another time real
Islam Jui da casa de near a new heart
fell water how the NT hacia for who
Allah Allah oh my god
Allen logic the anti-immigration
anti-europe mood is being driven in part
by hardline praising on websites and the
man himself is doing what he can to help
he's given dozens of interviews bashing
the EU to a Czech news sites notorious
for being loose with the facts
Jakub yonder is a disinformation experts
based in Prague if presidents a man is
elected again and his populist style of
politics continues and his digital army
are allowed to continue what could that
mean for the relationship with the EU
the problem with Czech president is that
they are by our Constitution ceremonial
figures so they don't have many real
powers but they said the rhetoric yes
but they send a trend they speak a lot
and they also have can have quite a lot
of impact on foreign policy of the
country which can mean that president
Simon already said several times that he
would support a referendum on Czech
Republic leaving the you like a brexit
style vote
doing this a real chance of a checks a
referendum I think it can happen I'm not
saying we are leaving the you tomorrow
but this trend is very much here and if
they have a president who is supporting
this agenda that is very dangerous for
the whole country
do you think a referendum should be held
here in Arizona Oh Tom Sistema do Danny
Boy actor Ajith prohibition of X Buscemi
exist
imagine a tomorrow cash de política
Theresa Restonic vote citizen I do miss
Lee je je n'aime oh my no hero does not
come as mastani
dakota total many proteges be near post
local the bhagavata por la
Zorro baggage an honorable Fran Townsend
and Williamson Gossage a Thea last month
the internet was up in arms of the
Federal Communications Commission's
repealed net neutrality
it means repealing regulations that
prevented your internet provider from
blocking certain websites or slowing
down your data now they can and that's
wrong but even though the repeals you
have to go into effect mobile carriers
may already be throttling traffic a lot
Dave Costas is a professor of computer
science at Northeastern University along
with his PhD students he built whee-hee
an app that detects data throttling on
mobile phones so what we have here are
three phones running your app right
right this one's on AT&T
yep this one's on Verizon and this one's
connected to Wi-Fi exactly so how do
they work
so the way it works we can start here
with AT&T when you pull up the app you
see there's a bunch of options what we
want to do is run tests so we tap on run
tests and then there's a whole bunch of
apps you can pick from to decide which
one you want to test to see if your
network is throttling so it's telling
you it's contacting our servers so what
we're doing now is it says running the
original replay that means we're sending
the traffic that looks like YouTube we
do have a result here and what we found
here
that when you're using data traffic that
looks like YouTube you get two megabits
per second but when we send the traffic
in a way that it doesn't look like
YouTube you get six megabits per second
so this is what we mean by throttling
way that's like a clear and blatant
violation that neutrality that's as
simple as it gets
yeah the network is not being neutral
one app is getting different performance
than something that is not that app when
we reached out to AT&T they told us the
company is quote committed to an open
Internet and that they don't throttle
discriminate or degrade network
performance based on content they also
say it quote fails to account for a
user's choice of settings or a plan that
may affect speeds
whee-hee is one of the first ways for
the public to clearly see when mobile
carriers may be slowing down data on
apps like Netflix YouTube and Skype if
providers are caused violating net
neutrality rules they face FCC fine but
in the three years since net neutrality
took effect no mobile carriers have ever
been fined choppiness says that's
because carriers use a loophole to get
around the rules so we have rules in
place that are supposed to prevent
exactly this from happening why your
mobile carriers able to do this what we
did have rules that put this in place at
the time those rules did allow an
exception and that was what was called
reasonable network management so the
idea is if you have a bunch of users
streaming video and as a result the
other users connected to the same cell
tower aren't able to check their email
or unable to check websites well that
seems pretty unfair and in that case it
is reasonable to manage your network by
say slowing down those video users so
that everyone can be able to use the
network efficiently right but carriers
are throttling video to sites like
Netflix all the time that's right so we
have never found any case where we saw
that one of these policies where they
slowed down video traffic only applies
during busy hours as far as we can tell
it applies 24/7 complaints to the FCC
are the only way for the public to raise
the issue
in the last week over 120,000 people
have downloaded whee-hee meaning people
all across the country may finally have
the data they need to highlight
violations so they're doing this right
now
even when net neutrality rules are on
the books so how are they able to get
away with them that's a great question
for the FCC that's vice news tonight for
Friday January 26 the president has not
even discussed that that the president
is not discussing firing Bob Miller I'm
not the president's lawyer here but I
will tell you as his counselor he is not
discussing that the president will not
fire the special counsel saying that's
never been on the table never it's a
manifestation of the media I haven't
given it any thought I mean I've been
reading about it from you people you say
oh I'm gonna dismiss them no I'm not
just missing anybody considering no
there is no consideration of firing the
special counsel is he setting the stage
tomorrow novels can no there's no
letters no there's no way there's no way
he's gonna fire there's no conversation
on that whatsoever in the White House
Jeff there is no consideration being
given to the termination of the special
counsel it was until I became a
politician that I realized how nasty how
mean how vicious and how fake the press
can be as the cameras start going off in
the back
you
you
