the coldest has ever been I'm like
that's weird maybe something's wrong you
know I thought penguins were wherever
it's cold I'm known for being on a show
called Jersey Shore shout out to you
Ronnie what's up bro
the girls dress crazy cheetah print and
dazzled everything it's terrible from
Staten Island and I'm like this weird
like weather nerd
I am bhavani Venkatraman I'm an
associate professor of the new school I
teach courses in the science of climate
change did you ever watch before so I
think the reason why I'm here is because
I responded to a Donald Trump tweet he
was saying that it's the coldest New
Year's Eve on record and where is that
good old global warming heating things
up and I don't know how you would judge
my response to him but I thought he were
right on if it is conjoint when I said
and like that
because I want him to understand if it
is a coldest has ever been right I'm
like that's weird right maybe
something's wrong
no that's true and in fact but this
particular Arctic snap part of it is
also because the Arctic is changing
because of rising temperatures in the
Arctic
she doesn't practice yeah see like we're
get in the arctic temperatures in the
feels not well the Penguins are in the
Antarctic but okay you know what I'm
saying exactly exactly
I thought penguins were wherever it's
cold yeah I'm sorry I should have
probably shouldn't have corrected so I'm
known for being on a show called Jersey
Shore which in the name sure right
implies that it is near the ocean yes I
know that place is near the shore are
under threat yes so how are they under
threat and when will that happen right
so I think in many ways it's already
happening because the sea levels have
risen already just a few inches perhaps
but still enough to see impacts when you
have dramatic climate events hurricane
sandy is a good example if you continue
on a current trajectory of just
pumping out greenhouse gas emissions
some projections at three to six feet by
the end of the century but that's what
does that look like like for like the
Jersey Shore like half of Snooki's
bedroom will be there like you know
maybe they'll all right so we have a few
viewer questions from Twitter and
like that
at Thomas otterman wants to know will
the storms / hurricanes be more fierce
in the next 20 years I would say
moderate predictions would say yes we
just gotta get more extreme climate
events as the earth warms up I I know
people that don't know the difference
between a hurricane and a tornado right
okay we have to know what these things
are to know how global warming can
affect you know but the point is sort of
high temperature means more energy more
people understand energy right a Swede
mere 32 wants to know do spray tans
affect climate change I would take that
one I would say that spray tans are
actually good for the environment
because there ain't no UV radiation
going into the atmosphere I don't know
if that can cause global warming but it
seems like it could house a house that
was I guess I should to be honest it
depends on whether that anything is in
the spray time that could be a
greenhouse gas and then I just sprayed
gets released or it don't work next time
I get a spray town maybe like I'm doing
because the next hurricane
and I can ask one more question though
so how might this information be
communicated like somehow make it affect
like a little girl's iPhone rank or
something like your iPhone doesn't work
today because of global war right right
she'll fix global warming
Unni didn't ask there I would every time
yeah air pollutant goes up to certain
level the phone's stopped working
exactly exactly right you see we're all
and do it right thank you thank you okay
I don't really get the opportunity to
I'm usually talking about going to the
gym is
you
