you have one thing in common which is
you all voted for Trump how many of you
think that if the election were held
today you would vote for him again okay
why not I'm not one of the cult members
who thinks everything he does is
wonderful
what were those issues that drove people
to Donald Trump they want somebody to
hear their pain and to act on their
behalf and Trump being the phony that he
is he understood that 18 years perfect
attendance I thought I would retire from
there then to buy yellow chalk no more
the write-back too hot I was filling
Trump is a showman and he has an
instinctive nature in that sense
immigration issue is huge I mean I've
never seen an issue where the public is
on one side and all of the politicians
are on the other side do you feel safe
living here in this property
I feel more safe since the election do
you think this first year has been a
failure yes Donald Trump is gonna have
more trouble in his presidency in 2018
than in 2017 is this the future of these
conversations probably just look at what
happens I mean somebody says something
and the whole thing blows them
