no one dreams of spending Christmas at
the Econo Lodge in Bridge City Texas but
four months after the Williams lost
their home to hurricane Harvey that's
exactly where they found themselves all
right who's ready for Christmas this is
for my beautiful bride she only asked
for one thing this Christmas a lot of
stuff got destroyed with the storm and
the flood and everything we wanted to
replace some of those things lost
Terry crystal for kids to nieces and for
other relatives are one of 10,000
families in Southeast Texas taking part
in FEMA's transitional shelter
assistance program a boat rescued them
from their Vidor Texas home on August
30th I'm usually at about 5:00 5:30 in
the morning picking breakfast for
everyone
sausage and bacon and gravy and biscuits
and eggs and then we'll eat breakfast
and they won't get up and they'll open
their presents but this year it's kind
of different because we don't have a
kitchen where I can do
FEMA finally inspected their home and
declared it unlivable in October the
government has covered their motel costs
since the fall but unless officials
authorize an extension it expires on
January 16th
and FEMA is in Santa Clause Kirk
Pickering is a spokesman on the ground
in Houston now one bit of confusion that
often comes up right here is is FEMA's
mission is not to put things back the
way they were that's what insurance is
for and why people should have insurance
what do you have to say about what
FEMA's role should be in their lives and
and what they can do to get back on
their feet our role is to get them
through the emergency what the heck does
that mean that means they're in a safe
sanitary functional home aid ranges from
shelters and mobile homes to financial
compensation but before you get anything
everything hinges on a 15-minute FEMA
home inspection ed Will's Minh is one of
the lucky 15% of homeowners with flood
insurance but even he hoped FEMA might
give him a little help microwave was
that decision rested with the assessment
of Wayne Stott a subcontracted disaster
inspector who's been doing this for 17
years sometimes he inspects two dozen
houses in a day and that was from Pryor
that's where a lot of the records I kept
for you know purchasing a furniture the
last couple years they're gone had a
Glenn Miller record that was made before
World War two it's gone
and my father's classical collection
it's gone Wayne's not an emotional guy
have I seen all your disaster damages
you wanted me to see yes
I'll get this uploaded for you today
you'll get a letter from FEMA within 10
days okay frustration with FEMA has been
mounting especially with the housing
deadline looming the agency has extended
the shelter assistance program three
times already
but it can't definitively answer who
will get what help for how much longer
are you getting calls from families who
are afraid they're gonna be on the
street I haven't had any directly but on
if the state sees indeed they'll request
and if that is their will will extend if
you're in the hotel room and you're
nervous about that date on the wall it's
not a freak out exactly
there have been local reports of folks
who've lost their access to one of these
programs and tried calling FEMA to
figure out why and they feel they
haven't gotten satisfactory answers or
any answer at all in some cases right
some people become ineligible and don't
agree with it but simply are under the
rules and I got it I got to concede that
up front we don't want to put anybody
out what we need them to do is work with
us to find a solution to keep them going
I'd like to walk in with a unlimited
pile of money and put everything back
the way it was but you know I suppose
America might be able to do that at any
given disaster but it certainly couldn't
do it in all of them
six and a half to seven feet of water in
our house yeah no joke this was one of
the worst flooded areas of Harvey after
a single brief house inspection FEMA
only paid the Williams 1/4 of the value
of what they lost in what was once a 117
thousand dollar home the Williams family
needs the hotel program extension were
you surprised by how quickly they came
in and yes and no I was surprised and it
kind of was heartbreaking because we
waited a month and a half - it was like
you were waiting for that big that big
punch or that big gift something big to
help you and then once but I understood
his point once he saw that there was no
need really it's done you know your
house is a loss what did he tell your
family to do our task was to hang in
there and stay in touch with FEMA and
wait for the next step we're coming up
on the deadline right now for the hotel
program what does that mean for your
family it means that you know more
likely we have to reach out to other
family members or come up with a
different plan it has been kind of a
comforting safety blanket knowing FEMA
has continued extending it to allow us
more time to try to find out more
answers ordinace step I'm gonna hope for
the best and that they will and if not
we will we will figure out a planning in
Survivor Lord we want to thank you again
for another wonderful year and we were
very grateful in Jesus name Amen
you
