steep hill Labs is a cannabis testing
facility that sampling legal weed for
contamination before it enters the
market they've been involved in the
pesticide issue since 2011 and have
published studies showing that more than
80% of cannabis samples contain
pesticide residues they're afraid for me
to be in a lab and so they will
sometimes hide my lab coat so I can't
find it right regi Godinho is steep
hills chief science officer so this is
the kind of stuff that you're finding in
a week yes so this is stuff that came to
us from a dispensary when recreational
weed was legalized in California the
state announced strict testing standards
designed to make weed safer for
consumers and the environment each batch
of legal weed will have to test clean
for traces of over 60 pesticides or the
pesticides that are being used on
cannabis are they actually dangerous for
humans do we even know that so we have
very little data what what we have
studied inadvertently was Eagle 20 which
you know is when it's heated becomes
cyanide gas consumers in Canada filed a
class-action lawsuit against a medical
marijuana producer when they experienced
headaches nausea and vomiting after
smoking weed treated with equal twenty
so Eagle 20 is a pesticide that is used
for use on predominately on grapes
because it cures powdery mildew people
in the cannabis industry just grabbed
Eagle 20 and started spraying all the
cannabis with the Eagle 20 so we we are
in a real dark area right we don't know
how much pesticide is too much how much
is enough right we don't know which
pesticides might turn to something
harmful right so there's a lot of
unknown territory that needs to be
investigated the US EPA is responsible
for investigating pesticide safety but
weed is illegal federally so the EPA has
never studied or approved pesticides for
cannabis
for California's regulators that's a
catch-22
they can't allow farmers to use
pesticides the EPA hasn't approved for
the crop so these new regulations so
they actually do you think that they're
gonna substantially affect growers and
their use of pesticides that's a
dangerous question for me to answer
so you give people a list and say you
can't use these what are they gonna do
they're gonna look for things outside
that list that you may not be testing
for right so do I think that it has the
potential to create a situation where
people are trying to game the system
absolutely I wouldn't be surprised if
it's as much as 25 to 50 percent of the
people fail Shawn Weber is a cannabis
grower in Northern California who's been
making big changes to his business to
guarantee he doesn't fail the new tests
what kind of regulations were imposed on
your business before in terms of
pesticides and in terms of making sure
that that the weed was you know not not
very risky there were no regulations
none whatsoever we knew this was coming
so we had to get ahead of the game in
order to get ahead of the game you have
to play with all these organic
pesticides that you don't know what
works it's taken a long time to actually
get to the point where we know this and
this and this in combination will take
care of this problem
and you know there's been failures
there's been there's been crops that
have we've actually destroyed by using
than a product that we hadn't tested
before and there's you know it's part of
the learning process okay but is your
weed testing and clean now yes okay
absolutely
okay so you're ready we are ready
Shawn's been working on marketing to
appeal to weed connoisseurs on the legal
market but he says overnight regulation
has brought an avalanche of other rules
that are pushing small farms out of the
industry or on to the black market those
growers didn't support legalization I
believe most of Humboldt County voted
against it and is it just not wanting to
deal
bureaucracy and the new regulations I
think some of it is the culture there's
definitely an outlaw culture I think a
lot of it is that it wasn't that well
thought through so you think a lot of
people are gonna be put out of business
because of these new regulations
absolutely anything large-scale is
either gonna get well funded and survive
or go black market I think it's mostly
your mom and pops when Sean says mom and
pops he's talking about his actual mom
she's been raising organic twelve-foot
wheat plants on a mountainside for years
but now she's going out of business so
this is your mother's yes this is her
farm this is her way of doing things
this is her organics I stay out of the
way and what I do every day is juice the
leaves really so what does that mean
exactly what does that entail she'd pick
some put some introducer juices and
drinks it and you do that every day yeah
that must be why you're so healthy why
are you shutting down your operation I'm
gonna wait for the helicopter to be the
enemy well basically for financial
reasons
the laws have made it so that in order
to continue it's just out of bounds it
takes a much larger operation to do it
and I believe that we will end up
selling it to somebody that's going to
come in here with the means to probably
grade a huge portion of this and put in
a giant farm there's a lot of things
that you would be doing ordinarily at
this moment that you're that you're just
not doing I would have a lot of winter
vegetables here I would have all this
you know like I said with green manure
on it I'm just like I'm just kind of in
shock actually because this kind of
sounds like that the whole idea is to
try and make sure that people can enjoy
cannabis without having to worry about
all the risks that comes with harmful
pesticides do you agree with that well
sure I mean you know for people like me
I call it organic an it is organic viv
won't be participating in California's
new legal market but she certainly isn't
giving up weed altogether it's not over
because we can still grow six plants per
property right so she's right they're
still you can still for your own
purposes I'll have six plants in my
house and they'll be 25 feet tall if I
know her
you
