hello my name is Joe Wright and I am the
director of darkest hour I really loved
the script but I was worried about
whether I would actually go and see a
movie about Churchill and therefore
whether anyone else would then when I
thought about Gary playing the role it
occurred to me that I would definitely
go and see gary oldman play Churchill he
is not bad ronita Winston Churchill was
small I find it really interesting that
Hitler Stalin and Churchill were all
very small he had to kind of dynamism I
think he's often portrayed and in other
movies and TV things has had been kind
of slow and lugubrious and kind of obese
he I don't think he was he had fast
little legs he had a brain that worked
at five hundred miles an hour and people
found it very difficult to keep up with
him he led with his chin he strode
through the streets through the war
rooms through Parliament with this kind
of dynamic energy Kazuhiro the
prosthetics makeup designer was someone
that Gary knew of and was keen on I
looked at his work and was very
impressed especially by his work in
looper where he made Joseph
gordon-levitt look like Bruce Willis and
I thought it was very subtle and kind of
extraordinary so I didn't really see
Gary for about three months while we
were shooting I was just dealing with
this actor who looked remarkably like
Winston Churchill let me see truly
qualities your courage my poor judgment
your lack of vanity your sense of humor
alone I think Gary really enjoyed being
in the makeup and costume he would dance
and he would joke and I think he enjoyed
being quite fat and sometimes I put on
music like I'd put on Major Lazer's
bubble butt and
and and Gary as Churchill would start
twerking bubble bubble bubble bubble but
I have it on video but I'm not going to
share that with you you cannot reason
with a tiger when your head uses I
started making this movie before brexit
happened before Trump happened before we
saw this rise in in confidence of the
far right and so there is no topicality
really to the movie when I embarked on
making it and then as we went into
production suddenly these terrifying
events started happening and and the
film took on a topic allottee be careful
what you wish for
really Joan I mean I would I would
rather that those things hadn't have
happened and that the film had no
topicality and yet there was a kind of
ghoulish fascination with what was going
on I'm embarrassed to admit that
you
