thank you very much yeah I appreciate
yes sir I love it
this is either commitment or guy that
needs to be committed hey you ready wait
that's Jude
y'all say it with me I pledge allegiance
to the flag Neal McCoy has been saying
the Pledge of Allegiance for 711
straight days Neal's a country singer
and the son of an Army veteran justice
for all amen and before I show in Las
Vegas he's joined by his good buddy
Wayne Newton Yale is one of the most
incredible Patriots I have ever known
he's just the best all the way around
and he's half Filipino that's right half
tekzilla' of a tax to pay no Wayne and
Neil went on 14 USO tours together and
entertain thousands of troops they
believe all this gives them a special
perspective on Colin Kaepernick and the
wave of NFL players who have been
kneeling for the national anthem can you
just tell me about like what was going
through your mind the first time he saw
Kaepernick take a knee if you don't like
this country get the hell up if you can
find a better place for the United
States of America then that's where you
should be so as long as you're being
paid to play a game and bring some
happiness of the people's life damn it
do it that's what you're there for my
mother's from the Philippines and she
isn't and I motor up when I say this she
was 13 during occupation with a Japanese
basically hit Manila the same time to
hit Pearl Harbor she used to tell us as
young kids how grateful we should be
that we live in this country she's the
last stages of Alzheimer's and I wish
I'd have found this song six months ago
back in early November Neel decided he
had had enough at a concert in Missouri
he took a stand this is national for me
or nobody in the country has heard the
song
but I see somebody on TV take their
stand on bended knee whether it the own
ass return progress I think of those
whose freedom was not free and I say
take a deep I take a knee my ass went
viral on Facebook live and iTunes where
the song was played millions of times it
gave Neal whose last hit songs came a
couple decades ago an unexpected moment
back in the spotlight we had a great run
in the 90s but they're not playing the
able call on the radio much anymore so I
didn't really have that to lose I just
thought this is something I'm feel very
strong about and I'm gonna say you know
and now we get a lot of people saying
we're glad you did this is either
commitment or guy that needs to be
committed I pledge Neal my ass he just
got that tattoo done
take off my hand
thank God
freak
Neal didn't write take Annie my ass the
song was written by Dan Roberts a fellow
country singer someone who heard dance
song thought Neil the ultimate patriot
might be interested in taking the song
to the next level and set up a meeting
first time you heard this song was your
reaction the very first time I heard it
he had some lyrics in there that in and
I won't
I won't tell you what they are but he
just had some lyrics that were
uncomfortable for me can you give a hint
what they're about no they're probably a
little more race oriented and I talked
to him about I said Dan what to do that
he said man I don't know he said I'm he
said I just woke up at 5:30 morning
wrote it down is there a part of you
that understands what Colin Kaepernick
is saying sure oh yeah yeah I mean and I
and I don't I don't disagree with him I
don't I don't think it's near as bad I
don't think it's it's white cops killing
black kids all the time
that that they've made it out to be I
don't see that at all I would I would
tend to think that I don't know that
more cops get killed
probably by black young men than
vice-versa in 2016
233 black men were killed by the police
while a total of 64 policemen lost their
lives to gunfire in the line of duty
regardless of the race of the shooter
Neil when asked for further comments
said he misspoke and meant to point out
that more young black men were killed by
black on black crime than the police
Neil clearly isn't used to dealing with
politics and while taking me my ass has
its fans its message has sparked a
backlash online one of the iconic photos
of the civil rights movement is two
black Olympic runners holding a fists in
the air during the Olympic medal
ceremony yeah do you see any difference
between that and what Colin Kaepernick
is doing probably not but that didn't go
over too well either did it I mean but
it is a thing that is seen as being like
a large marker of progress images a
civil rights movement I mean do you do
you feel like they shouldn't have done
it
no they felt that they should've done it
and they did it and they did it at one
time
Sammy would you've written a song like
raise a fist my ass
mmm-hmm but God be good with it do you
feel at all that you're sort of adding
to some of the divisive nough sin the
country right now
I sure hope not I'm trying to bring
people together I think I think we on
the Republican side get sometimes a
little weak and we don't stand up for
things
before they're safe
I won't take a beam
you
you
