the vocal network was almost kind of
started as a joke I told my friend at
Google at the time that hey if they have
a group maybe we can get together and do
some kind of sing about fast forward six
months
that's how tech Apella was born the fray
was a little flat but otherwise was
great tech Apella is a collaboration of
a whole bunch of acapella groups from
different tech companies within the Bay
Area
we don't try to treat this as a
competition and we put in a lot a lot a
lot of work to make this the best
possible performance for our friends and
family and the community this year we
have an amazing line-up for tech Apella
at the San Francisco Conservatory of
Music we are the songbirds were from
Twitter of course we have Google pilla
with Google in tunes from Pinterest
oh yeah and we also have the square
registers from square it's just a whole
bunch of people who happen to work for
companies coming together and sing and
throw an amazing party we get the taxi
the traffic the radio things tonight you
will hear some really terrific acapella
singing you'll also hear people who just
really love to sing
are they good people they're great
people
they're wonderful people as far as how
well they sing out let me put it this
way I think the great thing about music
is that fundamentally is about bringing
people together an engineer and being a
singer are kind of intertwined it sort
of pairs the creative and the
problem-solving and the analytical kind
of all in one package so I find them
actually really similar
there's a lot of things that go through
my mind in the moments leading up to
when we step onto stage I'm partly
nervous my hands are a little bit sweaty
but I'm super excited I'm super stoked I
can't wait to go out there
my solo was really tough I mean leading
up to my falsetto I was like oh I don't
nobody am I gonna make it am I gonna
make it you but I pushed through and you
know it was really amazing this great
connect with the power
you
