we are honored to have today senator Ted
Cruz Texas Republicans have a big job
ahead of November's election getting
people excited enough to reelect senator
Ted Cruz Cruz shouldn't be having a hard
time in this campaign he's a popular
senator in a red state that hasn't put a
Democrat into the Senate in 25 years but
Democrats are surging nationwide and
coming uncomfortably close in Texas the
latest poll shows Cruz is up by just
nine points against bata O'Rourke a
young telegenic congressman from El Paso
who's drawn crowds of admirers across
the state in celebrity endorsements all
over the country because they
desperately desperately desperately want
to turn Texas bright blue that's why
Cruz spent the weekend stumping at
intimate events and small conservative
towns in a midterm election like this
one when the economy is doing fairly
well there aren't many powerful reasons
for Republicans to get out to vote the
danger is people are focused on their
jobs and their kids and going to church
and go into the ball game and they just
don't make it out of our danger is
complacent what does it say that he
comes to a town like this well you know
I think that says a lot he packed the
room tonight but just the fact that he's
coming to the small towns and and and
coming to talk to any and everybody he
can
I think says a lot and complacency is a
big issue do you think that this
election actually poses a real threat to
him
you know I deep down I would say no but
I don't know for Cruz and his team
weekend's like this one offer a sort of
reassurance that the diehards are still
out there what are you gonna do with
this I put him on walk it was great I
mean that's that's hysterical right but
they also point to something else that
has the GOP brass scared according to a
recently leaked Republican National
Committee poll a lot of Republican
voters just don't buy it
that the Democrats are on the rise
there's a little bit of a narrative that
this is the Democrats time
sorry oh go ahead you don't think
there's a blue way of coming not in
Texas I you know to me that the polls
that we're seeing right now are eerily
similar to the Trump Clinton polls and
we saw going up to the election you know
it's all you know hype and I per believe
that's why Cruz sees his real opponent
has overconfidence how worried are you
really that the enthusiasm gap could
cost you this election we're gonna win
this race I feel very good about where
we are but the reason we're gonna win it
is we're not taking anything for granted
it is clear there are a lot of cutters
on the far left who are really angry and
and that anger it's a motivator it is
bringing dollars it's bringing the
passion it's bringing energy and we have
to take it seriously do you think there
are two different narratives right now
the national one that says look at this
exciting guy on the Democratic Party
who's gonna change Texas blue wave and
then another another one that says
undoubtedly and listen we've seen this
this this show before every two and four
years that the national media starts to
swoon and say there's a blue wave in
Texas four years ago we saw it with
Wendy Davis and and you know like bado
or or Wendy Davis raised tens of
millions of dollars and thrilled Liberal
Democrats in Massachusetts in New York
and California
but at the end of the day she was the
platform she was campaigning on was out
of step with the people of Texas I think
that's very much the same here
you
