I Susan cake is art Oh 100% I wouldn't
think of it as an artistic expression
the Supreme Court is about to decide if
cakes are art in the most-watched case
of the term the justices will consider
if Baker's can say no to making cakes
they don't agree with the pace pit the
cake makers First Amendment rights
against the gay couple's right not to be
discriminated against a win for the cake
shop could allow other kinds of business
owners to turn people away because of
who they are what you're saying is is
one person's freedoms should trump the
other person's so that's a challenging
way here's how the question came up in
2012 a Christian cake shop owner refused
to make a wedding cake for a gay couple
oh I'm not turning them away or
discriminate against them in any way but
just declining to make the cake for that
wedding Colorado told Jack Phillips he
couldn't decline the couple because he
was discriminating against them so he
appealed saying his cakes are art and
the government can't force him to make
art that's against his beliefs he lost
and the Supreme Court is hearing him out
on December 5th we asked these Denver
Baker's how they handle cakes they don't
believe in I'm not into the occult
making the severed goat head cake on the
Ouija board definitely stretched the
creative side of me having to make an
anti-hillary cake was rough yes for a
cake of Hillary Clinton in prison and I
was like oh yeah but I said yes and I
laughed and I made it and it turned out
amazing if a trump supporter came in and
wanted a cake like what their opinion is
isn't really my business Phillips turned
down the gay couple without discussing
what their cane would look like so his
decision wasn't about literally riding
on a cake his issue was with making a
gay marriage cake at all there are two
ways Phillips could win under the First
Amendment the court could decide his
cake is art and therefore speech and he
can't be forced to say something he
doesn't agree with that would expand
free speech rights opening the door for
other goods or services to also count to
speech or the court could say Phillips
is being unfairly forced to make
something against his religion that
could let other religious business
owners turn certain people away
I'm an Orthodox Jew I would make a cake
for a same-sex couple with no problem
religiously that's something you direct
a question like that to a rabbi but as
an individual as a business owner I'm
perfectly happy making a cake for really
anyone who asks for it whether they be
gay or heterosexual will make a Buddhist
cake with a boot on there for you we'll
do a Bible verse I'll do phallic symbols
for your bachelorette party it's totally
on there here's how the couple could win
the court could say cakes aren't art or
religious expression so Phillips doesn't
have a First Amendment case or even if
it says cakes are protected speech it
could still side with the couple saying
their right to live without
discrimination outweighs Philips First
Amendment rights that's why the case
could really test the balance of how one
person's rights compared to another's
Attorney General Jeff Sessions says
Phillips religious rights are most
important if Phillips loses it could
hurt Republicans efforts to expand
religious freedom through new laws all
of the Baker's we talked to said they
would make gay wedding cakes we asked if
there was anything they wouldn't make a
guy walked in the front door he said I
want image of two men with a cross
behind them and a big red slash going
through it and that's when I went are
you kidding because I really thought I
was being Punk'd and I just said you
know at this point I'm gonna have to
pass on this cake if you know someone
from you know a terrorist organization
came to me and asked me if I would make
a cake see that's something I would find
morally repugnant and I wouldn't do it
you know someone jokingly asked me this
morning you know someone from the KKK
were to come in and ask me to make a
birthday cake for his kid I'd almost do
it in laughs because the irony of it I
once made a cake for a couple that once
I met with them I realized they were
white supremacists
it just was very classic white wedding
cake with flowers on the side nothing
crazy nothing offensive I absolutely
didn't believe in anything they were
saying but I am a public business so I
have to serve everyone
the case is expected to come down to
Justice Anthony Kennedy vote he's a
champion of gay marriage and a fierce
defender of the First Amendment the
justices choice to hear the case at all
indicates they think it's an important
or at least interesting question to
answer I personally want to pick and
choose who I make a cake for you know I
need to be able to say what I feel
comfortable selling but you know I'm
pretty open I'll pretty much sell to
anybody but if there's any hate to any
person or group that's just where I have
to personally draw my line
