the House Oversight Committee will hold
a meeting on the national opioid crisis
tomorrow in Baltimore which makes a
poignant choice of venue the city has
been flooded with heroin for decades and
as many as one in ten residents is
addicted but fatal overdoses are spiking
in Baltimore
largely because the heroin is often cut
with fentanyl which is fifty to a
hundred times more potent but Barry's an
amount from batch to batch bad batches
are killing so many people that one
resident along with a team of young
programmers and a grant from the city
created an emergency text alert system
for mass overdose events
maybe the guys card it's called bad
bachelor to trying to help people stay
alive out here on the streets of
Baltimore he ever got like a tell you
about if you're curious you know that
right I'd love to tell you about it if
you have a sec here's that poster it's a
new text program trying to help people
stay alive out here in Baltimore City
you ever get like a flash flood warning
on your phone or Amber Alert you get one
of those so same idea but instead of
giving you a warning when there's a
flash flood it gives you a warning when
a group of people have overdosed nearby
you I'd be happy to sign you up with you
if you're interested in getting the
alerts you can warn anybody that might
be using you can try and keep people
safe okay yeah if you give me your phone
number I could register for you since
you have your hands full you don't know
how much is in those pills I mean I was
I was a user and they're having
cleanings on there's 12 years down so
Wow good job yeah I had of a longtime
friend of mine and she'd always
struggled with heroin and then last
summer she overdosed and died in Florida
and when I went down to the funeral I
learned like some of the details about
it they started mixing car fentanyl
which is the one that's even stronger
than fentanyl and then it moved to the
next county and there was no way to warn
people that the same batch was there
killing all these you know new group of
people if we know that there's something
out there that's killing how much people
why can't we warn those people
so
so there's a ton of things we're trying
to get done today
you got me guys all nighttime and
everybody knows Amanda we were actively
working with the Baltimore City Fire
Department to get their emergency
medical system data so I was analyzing
all that data and I was connected with
Mike Legrand and code in the schools to
try to address the issues that we were
facing with overdose in the city the
cool thing is that they're looking at
their phone and they're being reminded
that this exists and when they're ready
to get information about services you
know that the service is there every
time somebody overdoses EMS shows up and
have to fill out a bunch of paperwork on
you know what happened that gets entered
into the computer health department then
runs the numbers and what gets sent to
them when that happens they notify us
and we can craft the message and mass
send it out to everybody that's
registered in that region and we added a
lot of features that we didn't really
think of it initially like integrated a
lot of stuff connecting people to needle
exchange vans hopefully they come for
the alerts but once they're in they kind
of interact with some of the other
services
you don't really know system right yes I
am yeah no you bit my hand a long time
right so you don't have me to surrender
today
no Cerveny thunder so you need your knee
tourniquet yeah start when I was fifteen
years old and I loved it yeah doing it
ever since I let it fit no love it cuz I
guarantee ha guaranteed
he's got respected you don't be expected
in the kingdom the attitude that people
will try to use the service to seek out
rather than avoid dangerous drugs you
have to do a lot to safeguard against it
even if someone did have bad intentions
knowing that whatever they're seeking
out is lethal more lethal than you know
what's normal one would hope that they
would take appropriate precautions the
problem is so big this is really just
chipping away at the fringes of it I
think it will make a difference because
we'll have a chance to at least give a
warning to the people when we know that
they are in danger immediate danger of
death
you
you
