tonight consequence-free harassing in
washington DC egypt's LGBT crackdown and
the secret of trump's millennial judge
dueling leaders showed up for work this
morning at the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau
Leandre English who was tapped by
director Richard Cordray when he
abruptly stepped down on Friday and Mick
Mulvaney named by President Trump that
same day
Mulvaney has criticized the agency's
very existence and English is a founding
staffer last night she filed a lawsuit
to block Mulvaney from taking over but
this morning Mulvaney emailed agency
staff and told them to disregard any of
her instructions
he brought doughnuts to the office to
English also emailed CFPB employees to
thank them for their service and signed
off as Acting Director a firebrand
cleric in Pakistan has officially ended
a weeks-long sit-in that paralyzed the
country's major cities turned violent at
moments and led to at least six deaths
khadeem rizvi and his tens of thousands
of followers started the protest because
of a proposal to revise the oath that
lawmakers take that version didn't
include a reference to Prophet Muhammad
officials quickly back pedaled on the
change but Rizvi didn't concede until
the government minister who was blamed
for the new text was removed from office
new Omni BC oh they oughta be done
identical if they are various Muslim the
Indonesian government has ordered a
hundred thousand people to evacuate the
area near bodies mount agung which
started erupting yesterday officials are
anticipating a major eruption and raised
the highest level of alert authorities
are warning of dangerous cold lava flows
which carry mud large boulders and
volcanic debris more than 1500 people
were killed the last time the volcano
erupted in 1963 scientists have
confirmed that an attempt to transplant
it grow coral in a damaged area of the
Great Barrier Reef worked for the first
time Australian researchers started the
experiment in November 2016 when they
took Korra legends firm
helped it to spawn and planted it back
on the reef a year later the team found
that those baby corals took hold
successfully which could mean scientists
have tapped into a new way to restore
reefs that are under threat from climate
change and warmer sea temperatures at a
ceremony to honor Native American code
talkers who served in World War two
President Trump repeated a racial slur
that he's previously used to describe
senator Elizabeth Warren the
Massachusetts Democrat had no connection
to the event you were here long before
any of us were here although we have a
representative in Congress who they say
was here a long time ago
they call her Pocahontas but you know
what I like you because you are special
it's been 53 days since Harvey Weinstein
was first accused of being a serial
sexual harasser in predator setting off
a wave of misconduct allegations that
swept away actors directors comedians
journalists tastemakers Restaurant tours
technologists and of course politicians
many of these men have apologized or
begged forgiveness including Al Franken
at a press conference on Monday I know
that I've led a lot of people down
people of Minnesota my colleagues my
staff my supporters and everyone who has
counted on me to be a champion for women
until all of you I just want to again
say I am sorry
but while Weinstein and others appear to
be permanent pariahs more Franken and
Conyers have vocal defenders and
potentially zero consequences columnist
Michael Kinsley defined the political
gaffe as when a politician accidentally
tells the truth and that's exactly what
Nancy Pelosi did on Meet the Press
Sunday she accidentally told the truth
when asked about sexual misconduct
accusations against Democratic
congressman john conyers that's because
someone is accused you and it was that
one accusation is it - I think there has
to be John Conyers is an icon in our
country he has done a great deal to
protect women at both violence against
women act to state the obvious Pelosi is
both a Democrat and a woman so why on
earth is she being so accommodating of a
man who was accused by multiple women of
sexual harassment and who settled a
claim about it with tax payer money in
secret one reason is that the evidence
against Conyers came from right-wing
agitator Mike's tournaments this is the
evidence against Bill Clinton back in
the day came from right-wing agitator
Lucien Goldberg it's always easy to
dismiss a horrific claim again
your guy if you can cite a conspiracy
from the other side but there's an
easier explanation it's because Pelosi
is a politician and for decades
politicians have excused all sorts of
outrageous and even criminal behavior by
members of their own party no one in
modern politics got away with more than
Ted Kennedy beyond the hole leaving
woman to die Chappaquiddick thing there
were numerous stories of Senator Kennedy
misbehaving with women often while drunk
and often in public he ain't really
suffering political consequences and he
died the so-called liberal Lion of the
Senate in 1991 not a single Republican
on the Senate Judiciary Committee voted
against Clarence Thomas he spoke about
acts that he had seen in pornographic
films involving such matters as women
having sex with animals despite the fact
that if you believe need a hill he
engaged in the very textbook definition
of sexual harassment while heading of
all things the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission and no Republican
voted to oust David Vitter in 2007 after
he confessed to using prostitutes it's
pretty simple really
these guys and it's always guys remain
beyond real consequences precisely
because the politics itself has become
so consequential for example Alabama is
a lock to turn red again in four years
when the next Senate election rolls
around but Senate voting margins are so
tight right now that no one wants to
concede the special election battle over
Roy Moore and lose a future war over the
Supreme Court seat or a tax bill Conyers
isn't one of the safest bluest seats in
the country but no one wants to squander
his decades of accumulated power and so
Pelosi Trump and almost everyone else
they rationalize almost everyone else
in 1995 republican senator bob packwood
was forced to resign after was
discovered that he was a secret groper
and harasser republican senator Mitch
McConnell was on the Senate Ethics
Committee at the time and it is pretty
key to pushing a resistant packwood out
the door this is how McConnell described
that whole mess during the height of the
Clinton impeachment brew hobb
Republicans had to choose between
retaining the Senate seat or retaining
our honor I believe the woman is most
recently the old Republican conservative
male southerner McConnell has called for
the old Republican conservative male
southerner Roy Moore to get lost - it's
not clear yet how Democrats are planning
on rationalizing that one the Trump
administration is nominating judges at
breakneck speed which could reshape the
judiciary for decades to come but one of
Trump's latest picks doesn't exactly fit
the profile of a federal judge this is
Brett Talley he's 36
he's only practiced law for three years
he used to write speeches for Mitt
Romney and he's married to a trump
administration lawyer in his spare time
he's hunted ghosts as a paranormal
investigator
he writes horror novels he's also the
likely author of 16,000 381 posts on a
forum for university of alabama football
fans what he hasn't done is try a case
in court just a few years ago judges
still made him nervous as he told the
student you know standing up in front of
judges and answering their questions
where they're just like you know they're
pounding you questions and you're having
to come up with answers on your feet
tally does have two things going for him
he's young and he's conservative so
Donald Trump nominated him to a federal
judgeship in September and even though
the American Bar Association unanimously
rated him quote not qualified because of
his lack of experience the Senate has
voted to move forward with his
nomination the clerk will now call droll
for tally mr. chairman at 11:00 a man
amazed with the majority supporting the
nomination mr. tally will be reported if
he's confirmed tallies got a job for the
rest of his life and Trump's banked a
conservative judge in the Middle
District of Alabama two steps below the
Supreme Court tally represents one of
the few areas where Trump has been truly
effective remaking the federal judiciary
Trump has already nominated 59 judges
since taking office more than twice the
number Abama had nominated by the same
time in his first term like tally
Trump's nominees tend to be young his
appeals court candidates are two and a
half years younger than Obama's on
average and they're all conservative
many handpicked by the Federalist
Society
Sheldon Goldman wrote the book on
federal judicial nominations previous
Republican presidents have been very
concerned about appointing conservatives
who will reverse for liberal judicial
decisions of the Supreme Court and being
a member of the Federalist Society is a
mark of one's commitment to conservatism
Trump sees this as a simple way to have
a long-term effect on the federal courts
the judge story is an untold story
nobody wants to talk about it but when
you think about it Mitch and I were
saying that has consequences forty years
out depending on the age of the judge
but 40 years out it's something
Republican administrations have long
been better about than Democrats there's
an added bonus for Trump he only needs
51 votes because Democrats got rid of
the judicial filibuster in 2013 in part
because Republicans were blocking all
their nominees we will see a movement to
I think more radical conservative stance
and I think that they're going to be
really earth-shattering consequences for
the judiciary and traditional policy
the House Oversight Committee will hold
a meeting on the national opioid crisis
tomorrow in Baltimore which makes a
poignant choice of venue the city has
been flooded with heroin for decades and
as many as one in ten residents is
addicted but fatal overdoses are spiking
in Baltimore
largely because the heroin is often cut
with fentanyl which is fifty to a
hundred times more potent but Barry's an
amount from batch to batch bad batches
are killing so many people that one
resident along with a team of young
programmers in a grant from the city
created an emergency text alert system
for mass overdose events
maybe the guys card
it's called bad bachelor trying to help
people stay alive out here on the
streets of Baltimore if you ever got
like a I can tell you about if you're
curious you know that I'm alright I'd
love to tell you about it if you have a
sec here's that poster it's a new text
program trying to help people stay alive
out here in Baltimore City you ever get
like a flash flood warning on your phone
or Amber Alert you get one of those so
same idea but instead of giving you a
warning when there's a flash flood it
gives you a warning when a group of
people have overdosed nearby you I'd be
happy to sign you up with your if you're
interested in getting the alerts you can
warn anybody that might be using you can
try and keep people safe okay yeah if
you give me your phone number I could
register for you since you have your
hands full you don't know how much is in
those pills I mean I was I was a user
and I'm including Sonja's 12 years now
so Wow good job hmm
I had a longtime friend of mine and
she'd always struggled with heroin and
then last summer she overdosed and died
in Florida and when I went down to the
funeral I learned like some of the
details about it and they started mixing
car fentanyl which is the one that's
even stronger than fentanyl and then it
moved to the next county and there was
no way to warn people that the same
batch was there killing all these you
know new group of people if we know that
there's something out there that's
killing how much people why can't we
warn those people
so so there's a ton of things we're
trying to get done today you got you
guys all met Amanda everybody knows
Amanda we were actively working with the
Baltimore City Fire Department to get
their emergency medical system data so I
was analyzing all that data and I was
connected with Mike Legrand and code in
the schools to try to address the issues
that we were facing with overdose in the
city the cool thing is that they're
looking at their phone and they're being
reminded that this exists and when
they're ready to get information about
services you know that the service is
there every time somebody overdoses EMS
shows up and have to fill out a bunch of
paperwork on you know what happened that
gets entered into the computer health
department then runs the numbers and
what gets sent to them when that happens
they notify us and we can craft the
message and mass send it out to
everybody that's registered in that
region and we added a lot of features
that we didn't really think of it
initially like integrated a lot of stuff
connecting people to needle exchange
vans hopefully they come for the alerts
but once they're in they kind of
interact with some of the other services
see
you don't mean an l-system right yes I
am yeah I know you bit my hand a long
time right so you don't have any
surrender today no sir I need some dough
so you need your tourniquet yeah start
when I was 15 years old and I loved it
nothing doing it ever since I let it fit
no love it there's a guarantee ha
guaranteed he's got a respected you
don't be spectator the kingdom the
attitude that people will try to use the
service to seek out rather than avoid
dangerous drugs you have to do a lot to
safeguard against it even if someone did
have bad intentions knowing that
whatever they're seeking out is lethal
more lethal than you know what's normal
one would hope that they would take
appropriate precautions the problem is
so big this is really just chipping away
at the fringes of it I think it will
make a difference because we'll have a
chance to at least give a warning to the
people when we know that they are in
danger immediate danger of death
over the weekend Egypt sentenced 14 men
to three years in prison they're charged
with having quote abnormal relations
which is code for being homosexual the
sentencing comes during a massive
crackdown by the Egyptian government on
the LGBTQ community lawmakers are
considering the world's most expansive
anti-gay bill ever not only would it
criminalize homosexuality but even
showing support for gay rights like
carrying the rainbow flag would be a
crime and at a concert in September
police arrested at least 60 people on
charges of inciting debauchery and
homosexuality the band headlining that
night was mosh rule a 'la whose frontman
identifies as queer vice news met up
with the lebanese indie pop group to
talk about gay rights in egypt
he's gonna be really polarizing for
people which is kind of strange like
people either really really really like
it where they want you to die our songs
summit is with students I mean some of
them are rich to women's rights
but we've inadvertently become a queer
core quite bent and I don't know why
this particular subject is always like
the center of that attention and that's
part of what is so sort of depressing
about this Egypt thing
we're super excited for the show we knew
that it was gonna be a big show
35,000 people screaming you your songs I
don't know her there's one song where we
ask people to turn on their torch lights
it was just a sea of stars and forests
it was just beautiful
a couple of rainbow flags went up in the
audience I mean it was like oh maybe a
meter and a half but you meter inside
the sea of people you but no one had a
problem with it because people were just
there to be themselves
mr. Heflin business from alameen for the
hostile I mean do I have to do more a
photo finish well hey I let you know
come to Papa and the more dominant in
usually my holiday oriented hiya Tommy
lot dollar Medallia sort of gazing in
miss Calhoun tomato get him at the
moment ago my Hebei of systole for
common orders to add a tag dear cinnamon
licked Mary Ellen Burstyn Horner's it is
sorted Ethel face wash and Kayla having
the dr. Barragan the scene tonight total
in Alaia in me - oh that's a cool new
became re Dola al mukarrama save give
them houses in hormone kilo-alpha hey
aphasia vogue or lagrima Wow will you
Kalamazoo the value are they own in half
with him accession maternal shoes again
see we as showers again sayin bed Oh
Ellen home Lompoc when in maximalism
been homely needy areas of Syria and the
Bel Air Command has a ll fair our
behavior feelin ensues the Moga Rama for
the fish area a seasoned cop ha ailment
but of an alum of em both had the Zito
wish Gary mama fish must be government
Rafael Animoto demolish Coast I really
doubt that the government actually
thinks there was a thirty five thousand
person satanic gay orgy
how do you with 35,000 sorry it's
just like it's it's really strange the
idea of a thirty five thousand person
orgy is just like the same thing
happened and Jordan as well when
whatever the media is saying which is
these disband is a group of Satanists or
a group of homosexuals or whatever
even then let's assume that we were all
homosexuals no but all right
there's this really weird idea that like
oh if those people are playing on stage
that everyone's gonna magically turn gay
but that that is sort of part of the
panic that's been generated in the press
I'd say I've met motto motto en water
together infer Adi Adi hallelu Charl
what happened with Egypt is something
that shocked us all I mean we were all
depressed for a week just a scale of
this the sort of unabashed bluntness of
the aggression I had no one's trying to
be diplomatic about it we're arresting
you because you are suspected of being
non-heterosexual here's the violence
that ensues
i'm andre a cement the author of the
novel call me by your name i'm look at
whether nina i am the director and
co-producer of call me by your name the
movie call me by your name is a novel
about the love of two individuals one is
17 years old the other one is 24 years
old
it happens sort of unpredictably and yet
it blossoms and it develops and it stays
with them for the rest of their lives
it's April of 2005 I'm supposed to go to
Italy I just find out that I'm not gonna
go to Italy I'm very unhappy and very
frustrated so I start writing a novel
that is going to be happening in Italy
and I begin to think of a house I think
of a beach and I think of a pine alley
that leads to the house and sure enough
if you have a pine alley then you have a
car coming in and when the car comes in
I have to decide who is going to come
out of the car and there was always
someone that made me very nervous so who
intimidated me who was older than I was
and suddenly I said why not bring this
character back the idea and the concept
of moving the action to my hometown I
knew the place is so well that I could
investigate more deeply the relationship
between space and figure and making sure
that we were not going for like a sort
of postcard imagination of ethylene D
AIDS in the summer the place is lush
with fruits there are cents all over the
place and the boy takes the fruit in his
bedroom and begins to eat it and as in
the movie there's juices all over him
and basically he applies the fruit in a
place of his body that we will not name
and he ejaculates into it and then I
said okay Andre I cannot believe that
you wrote this scene
is disgusting but I I decided to keep it
I like to joke about the fact that
sometime that during the process of
making the film ie also questioned the
actual physical act that it cannot
happen I did I thought it wasn't
possible and so I had to try before in
order to understand and I understood
that it was possible actually my problem
was how do you make that individual
experience a collective experience with
the brutality of the images and it
really was torn I think that both the
novel and the film do one thing that is
so essential
there is no accident there is no death
there is no banning of any sexual
proclivity alright but these are two
individuals who have a relationship and
I think it should serve as a model for
essentially a happy romance
that's vice news tonight for Monday
November 27
you
you
you
