this is a day that's gonna be etched in
history the quest for truth and it can
seem crazy but all of us laughed at this
topic including myself this is the
probably the most ridiculous thing I
ever thought that I'd be doing and Here
I am organizing the Flat Earth
international conference but I'm not
laughing anymore there's a lot of people
that have different ideas on what the
Flat Earth is but one thing we all agree
on is that we don't live on a spinning
ball flying to infinite space do you
feel yourself spinning wobbling gyrating
no I'm pretty rock solid we always say
don't believe us do your own research
but unless you know there's a question
you're not gonna do the research toilet
waters not flying out on people in
Australia because of gravity well hello
it doesn't fly out of the toilet because
water seeks its wobble the flat earth
would be a circular flat area surrounded
by a field that is known as Antarctica
this white rim around the outside a lot
of people refer to it as the ice wall
and then the dome is over the top now
how high it is is also in question I
believe that some kind of star field
firmament it's about 6,000 miles above
us it appears to be a cymatic light
field electromagnetic energy not gravity
at all gravity's a deception the Sun the
moon are these transcendental cymatic
luminaries
that's a grand conspiracy but the best
part of being at a conference like this
is I can talk to somebody that will
listen to you my mother if I tried to
talk to her about any of these things
she doesn't believe me I just can't take
that rejection so come in here you're
going to talk to people who have done
the same journey and they've come to the
same conclusions and they don't want to
live a lie I've done about a dozen
experiments I was actually looking to
debunk flat or not like diehard flat
earther I want to be a flat earther
I want to believe the government I want
to believe what we've been told our
whole life there's nothing worse than
being like all the people that we pay
taxes to are lying to us with our money
they're lying I ain't buying who's they
well basically Satan I don't necessarily
want to get into like Naviance like oh
you know is the Illuminati or the
bilderbergs
the Jesuits the Freemasons or the
trilateral commission or the Vatican the
Zionists massa of course
yes as far as I know I'm the first guy
in the whole world to make a working
physical model of the platter name this
one hidden lands beyond because some of
us think that there's other lands that
they're hiding from us and that could be
very well that they discovered these
other lands and they just don't want us
to know about it I mean you know we
might want to go there
repopulate it this is the beginning this
will be put in the history books today
mark that date because whether it's the
next generation or the generation after
they will remember this date people are
taking notice something's going on this
has got to a point now we're becoming
really
you
