hi I'm Stephen and that was fantastic
keep traps ratchet you know anyway no
don't clean it up it's always just be
nasty and terrible I just need to hear
that with like full-on speakers that I
think there's neither kind of partially
be deaf at the end of hearing that song
I want to feel like I'm possibly making
a bad decision by listening to it it
almost is like eating straight like
teriyaki sauce like just drinking
teriyaki sauce man I just I love trap
well that was a lot and baby freaked me
out of the beginning that's weird
here's a baby and then you're so
gorgeous unless she's talking to a baby
which is even more weird just like the
lyrics took me down a different path
yeah I was just like kill me it was
pretty cool
nasty a little funky bitch I'm genuinely
stop that Taylor Swift oh cool that's
even creepier
smokey R&B and it's very moving
reminds me of Leone where a bit I don't
know it's just very soft very flaccid I
mean is that flaccid you can use it to
describe half-boner just so you know it
exists that's the I can't get an uber
club clothes they're not serving any
more drinks
that's that song
mmm sounds like the intro to like the
third season of daredevil it feels a
little dastardly that was more cinematic
a bit to me which I can dig I can
totally dig you know whose it
Evanescence yeah
nice sounds like she just stabbed
somebody that was a lot to sit through
you
