this is the Harris County Criminal
Justice Center in downtown Houston it's
one of the busiest courthouses in
America or it was until Harvey hit
floodwater from the storm only reached
the basement of the Justice Center but
it tripped up the building's pump system
sending sewage up to the second floor
and bursting water pipes all the way up
to the 17th the building flooded from
the inside and was left completely
uninhabitable and when the criminal
justice center shut down so did the
justice system
hundreds of hearings had to be postponed
to get things moving again most criminal
judges have been sharing space and
already busy family in civil courts and
sometimes the county has to get creative
how do you play to this guilty or not
guilty they're converting old jail cell
blocks to courtrooms we address male
inmates hearings in the mornings and
then we conduct the female hearings in
the afternoon the District Attorney's
Office used to be spread across five
floors in the Justice Center now it's
sitting up shop anywhere this free space
like this Ballroom at the top of a
downtown office building we were forced
to move 700 staff lawyers investigators
and administrative personnel to about 10
different locations which really cuz I
heard eight dozen worse we've been told
that we won't be back in it for up to a
year and to stand by have you had to
prioritize which cases you're actually
being able to hear yes cases involving
children cases involving individuals who
were seriously injured we've pushed
those forward and then on the daily
dockets the people in jail are the
priority defendants who don't fall into
those categories go to the back of the
line it was nasty you could smell feces
because it was a big pile of in the
military Kelvin Ward pleaded not guilty
nineteen months ago the charges he was
part of a robbery ring two days after
the flooding he showed up for a
scheduled pre-trial hearing so when you
showed up and you find out your dates
been pushed back what are you thinking I
was mad I was frustrated I was high I
opposed go to trial attack it was I
wasn't this was me in over the damn pool
start working more again you're supposed
to be working the next day yes I'll
start working in that very next day that
Tuesday and then what happening I got
fired
why'd you get fired because I move on
and they were like we're not gonna do
anybody that's on Barr prosecutors
haven't given me a recommendation on
your case yet either Murray Newman is
Calvin's attorney he's got a few clients
both in and out of jail who are waiting
in limbo the thing is about a criminal
case that is lost on so many people is
that it is the the very most important
thing going on in their life until it's
resolved your life is put on hold when
you were charged with a crime and
especially if it's something that
affects your livelihood I mean it can
affect child custody cases people fail
to appreciate how badly a criminal
accusation just the accusation can
disrupt your life another thing that's
been disrupted the right to be tried by
a jury of your peers for a full six
weeks all jury trials were cancelled
because the jury Assembly Building was
flooded that building used to process a
thousand jurors a day checking news at
the basement good morning
jury duty started up again last month on
a much smaller scale in a cafeteria in
the basement of the county tax building
the scarcest commodity that we have
right now or jury trials and those are
the crown jewel of the entire criminal
justice system until they get us up and
running again where we can have jury
trials with regularity and speed that we
would under optimal conditions than
justice in being done the county wasn't
able to tell us exactly how many cases
have been impacted or how long it'll
take to repair the justice center and
before that work can even start County
engineer's have to file a FEMA
application that could take several
months to complete you
on a court date yes it is within the
realm possibilities that you could be
found guilty there I'd rather have that
then go around the limbo
I still want somebody tell me feel
guilty instead of me being innocent like
I am now still getting treated as I am
guilty I don't wanna have my damn foot
you
