the value of Bitcoin has risen this year
from $1,000 to 7700 on Wednesday
those are absurd returns but the
underlying technology called blockchain
could revolutionize global industries
and even pose a threat to government's
at the end of September the government
of South Korea made a big regulatory
move it banned all new digital
currencies just weeks before China also
outlawed trading of new virtual
currencies and more established ones
like Bitcoin these crypto currencies are
the product of a new technology that's
moving faster than the government's
trying to control it blockchain
blockchain is an information sharing
technology popularized on the dark web
it was first used mainly by people
buying drugs and weapons online
libertarians and secretive coders trying
to avoid detection but now it's having
its breakout moment blockchain works
like this digital records are stored
across a distributed network and
constantly reconciled because each
computer verifies the information on all
the others there's no central server
that can malfunction or be erased these
records are public since the data are
hosted by millions of computers
simultaneous and once information is
entered into the blockchain it can't
ever be deleted blockchain allows
strangers to trust each other
because every operation is constantly
checked by every other computer on the
network to hack a blockchain would
require so much computing power that
it's basically impossible and that will
be even more important in a massively
connected future
imagine votes being cast in a blockchain
knowing the information relies on
cryptography and code it can't be
changed so the election would be secure
it's easy to imagine applying the same
principles to digitally stored private
data like medical records or use to
streamline the wildly inefficient global
shipping industry which loses countless
hours and billions of dollars in
overhead costs to bureaucratic red tape
and human error some major banks and
consulting firms are already using block
chains to streamline financial
transactions there may be more immediate
opportunity for blocks and innovations
in places of serious corruption where
people are less likely to trust
government systems to state governments
in India are experimenting with the
technology to handle and deep a
notorious source of fraud and dispute
but in the mean time developers are
using blockchain for something more
exciting making themselves rich
companies offering blockchain services
are creating their own crypto currencies
as a way to raise capital
but whether any given start-up is real
or a scam is anyone's guess regulators
haven't figured out how to handle this
new kind of a player but the fact that
they're paying attention means the
blockchain is officially gone mainstream
you
you
