you look stupid everyone else thinks you
look stupid if you spend enough time on
the Internet you've probably come into
contact with filthy Frank he's the guy
that started the Harlem shake rates and
he's even released a parody rap album
under the name pink guy that reached
number one in the Billboard comedy chart
and top 10 in hip hop he's pulled in
over 800 million YouTube views all from
behind a laptop in his bedroom do have a
favorite pink guy track I do yeah it's
it's it's the one that I I made in
Japanese just cuz it's just you know
it's my it's my native childhood tongue
it brings me back to my childhood when I
used to make songs like this in real
life Frank isn't all that filthy he grew
up in Japan and came to the u.s. to go
to college and after blowing up and
becoming an Internet antihero Frank
isn't around all that much anymore and
as it this week he's trying to turn over
a new leaf
today he releases his first album under
his real name
jouji it's full of songs about love and
breakups
when he's not making videos he likes to
hang out in this makeshift Zen garden he
built in Brooklyn you have this fan base
that knows and loves you as filthy Frank
the student gets thrown up on and right
now you want to make music which is not
really related to that yeah
is it hard to deal with people who
really just see you as filthy Frank and
they just want more filthy Frank back
when I was too afraid to make the
transition it was it was a genuine
concern I was under the impression that
you know that was that was my that was
my pinnacle it's your peak it's my opus
my opus like I'm gonna be yelling on the
internet making semi valid points here
and there you know I thought that was
like I was depressed that that was gonna
be it I fell into that pit for about a
year where I was just like pumping out
 out of fear a few years ago Jodie
uploaded a video where he broke
character
I have some news for all of you he
explained that he developed an illness
that gave him stress induced seizures
but a few days later he deleted the
video it's still hard for him to talk
about I have a little brain thing that I
have to I got to take medication like
twice a day for it I realized you know
I'm not as invincible as as I used to be
I just kind of strayed away from stuff
that that had conflict in general what
did it take for you to get that I guess
confidence that okay you know I want to
do this now
forget what anybody who doubts me says
or forget forget to own the doubt that I
have I'm worried there's always that
doubt did this won't work out yeah but
also at the same time at least I tried
you know that's that's really what
matters to me the new songs about
heartbreak are pulling in millions of
streams some people miss those old
videos but Jody's managed to find a fan
base that supports me the way
Thank You Man oh so when'd you
start fishing
just like with friends in Japan when I
was younger there's a lot going on on
the on the internet that no pun intended
but I don't subscribe to that sort of
behavior we have all this why am I
getting heated on the Internet
you know I mean oh this is a big one it
actually looks pretty convinced I think
I think it's a Marlin
you
