tonight Facebook's reckoning life on
universal basic income and Blockbuster
lives on in Alaska what kind of a an odd
duck here and I like it that way
at least eight people are dead and close
to a dozen injured after a terror attack
this afternoon in downtown Manhattan
police say the suspect mowed victims
down with a truck as he drove along a
crowded bike path for nearly a mile
police shot the driver after he crashed
into a school bus and stepped out of the
truck wielding a pellet and a paintball
gun
the suspect is injured and in custody we
ask all New Yorkers to live by the idea
if you see something say something tell
an officer immediately if you see
anything unusual anything that worries
you be vigilant and know that there will
be extensive additional employments of
NYPD officers this evening and
throughout the days ahead
reporters asked President Trump today
whether it consider pardoning his former
campaign chairman Paul Manafort thank
you thank you the president didn't
answer politically speaking a pardon for
manna fort would be explosive
realistically speaking it would be the
status quo foreign influence peddling
has been a fact of life in the capital
for as long as the lobbying industry is
existed and while there is a law that
governs the practice almost nobody
bothers to follow it Alexandra Jaffe
explains the Muller indictment alleged
manna fort broke a law called the
foreign agent Registration Act because
he didn't disclose his work for an
organization backed by a Ukrainian
political party fara requires anyone
doing PR and advocacy work for a foreign
government or party to disclose it to
the Justice Department
but prosecution's under fara are rare
man affords case makes 8 total since the
60s
unprosecuted violations on the other
hand josh Rosenstein a democratic lawyer
and an expert on fara told me those are
probably everywhere it's a very poorly
kept secret that there are a large
number of lobbyists representing foreign
governments who have chosen not to
register and are flying under the radar
why don't a part of it could be pressure
from the foreign governments foreign
governments may not want to have the
eyes of the US government of the US
public on their advocacy activities part
of it could be that they don't want to
open up their enterprise their lobbying
firm to public scrutiny
every document that you file under fara
is subject to public inspections so a
lot of these foreign principals and
maybe even possibly even the US lobbying
firms just say either we don't want to
come
with the compliance burden we don't want
anyone to know what we're doing and for
the most part they get away with it
that's because fara is pretty toothless
the DOJ is policy for fara is to quote
encourage voluntary compliance which
means they don't aggressively pursue
prosecutions for violations listen a
Republican Senator Chuck Grassley who
introduced a bill to fix fara today
joking about how ineffective it is
during a Senate Judiciary hearing back
in July
only 400 foreign agents are currently
registered
does anyone here seriously think that
only 400 people in the whole United
States take foreign money for PR and
lobbying org but remember fara doesn't
prevent lobbyists from working for
foreign governments it just requires
their reporting man affords firm legally
lobbied for dictators in Nigeria and
then Zhai year in the 90s both of whom
were accused of human rights abuses and
the firm disclosed it so no matter what
happens with the law the status quo
won't change lobbyists will keep taking
millions from foreign governments to
influence American opinion in policy
tomorrow Facebook will continue its
congressional testimony and appear
before the Senate Intelligence Committee
to discuss the company's ad platform the
mostly automated behemoth that's brought
Facebook more than forty four billion
dollars in revenue over the past two
years and that a pro-kremlin troll farm
exploited to purchase hate and live
filled ads during the 2016 election the
idea that in a fake news the election in
anyway I think is a pretty crazy idea
initially Zuckerberg and Facebook were
dismissive that fake news and
unregulated ads played any role in the
2016 elections but over time their tone
has changed things happened on our
platform in this election that should
not have happened especially and very
troubling foreign interference in a
democratic election I care deeply about
the democratic process and protecting
its integrity
Facebook's mission is all about giving
people a voice and bring people closer
together the Senate is focusing on
Facebook's role in the election but
several people inside the company told
vice news they're concerned that the
inquiry will dredge up something much
deeper a decade-long pattern of reckless
product rollouts embarrassing exposures
and denials that put profit first and
Facebook's two billion users last in
2007 Facebook released an ab product
called beacon it would track you
effectively on other websites that had
partnered with Facebook it would send
information about your actions on these
sites to Facebook and then Facebook
would post something to your feed about
what you had been doing when beacon
began that process would happen
automatically and not require users
consent users who bought movie tickets
on Fandango would have the movie they
saw posted to their timeline one user
had a surprise Christmas gift ruined
when the ring he bought on overstock.com
was posted to his timeline and his wife
saw it there was an almost immediate
backlash against beacon which prompted
Facebook to assure users that they could
opt out
except as Stephan Berto discovered I was
recording the network traffic that was
going back and forth between my computer
and these websites and Facebook and I
was a little bit concerned to find out
that detailed information about my
facebook username my email address and
exactly the infirmity actions I was
taking on these websites was being sent
to Facebook they explicitly claimed that
they were not doing that which
constitutes a lie to their user base for
which they later had to apologize
in 2009 Facebook agreed to pay 9.5
million dollars to settle a class-action
suit brought by users beacon was the
first sign that inside Facebook user
privacy was not a priority even to those
whose job it was to protect it unlike
most of the other corporate privacy
teams I had spoken to they seemed very
focused on how they could get us to stop
calling them a threat perhaps a bit more
than how they might actually protect
people's privacy
two years after beacon Facebook
announced a change to its privacy policy
suddenly a user's friend's gender
current city and even profile photos
became publicly available by default
this to us felt very much like a bait
and switch Marc Rotenberg leads the
Electronic Privacy Information Center or
epic alarmed by the sudden privacy
change epic filed a 29 page complaint
with the FTC what we uncovered was the
effort of Facebook to change those
privacy settings to make user
information more widely available than
they had intended during a privacy
change
350 million users yeah is really it's
not the type of thing that a lot of
companies would do you know but but I
think that's a really important thing
but criticism over Facebook's
ever-changing privacy settings grew
Facebook's recent changes to its privacy
policy run a serious risk of taking
control of one's personal information
away from the user and the whole tenets
of Facebook has been that you control
your information the FTC eventually
sided with epic creating a consent order
that required Facebook to get users
express consent before sharing their
personal information but rothenburg says
the FTC never enforced the order it
sends a message to the companies that
even the regulators even the consumer
protection agencies aren't going to act
to protect the interests of consumers
and that can't be right in 2011 Facebook
released tag suggestions the facial
recognition software allowed Facebook to
tag users and shared photos
automatically users were opted in by
default
how can you users make an informed
decision if you don't actually tell them
in their privacy settings they're using
facial recognition this is a 2012
hearing on Facebook's use of facial
recognition no where does it talk about
facial recognition
ok page right you haven't done that so I
mean I've done that I had I didn't
create the the visual sight I don't know
that but I can tell you that what
haven't you done so I'm sorry I just
haven't seen the visual so senator
Franken tasked us with researching how
private companies were using face
recognition technology alvaro Bedoya was
chief counsel for Minnesota senator Al
Franken we realized that Facebook had
created the world's largest commercial
face recognition database without their
permission
you can clear your browsing history you
can delete your cookies and you can turn
off your smartphone you cannot delete
your face Facebook is not collecting
this information for benign purposes
their goal is to be able to track
everything we do not just in
our online world but in person as well
Jay Adelson is leading a class action
against the company in the United States
alleging Facebook violated Illinois's
biometric information Privacy Act when
it scanned users pictures to create face
templates without telling them Facebook
has filed a motion to dismiss the
litigation Illinois has the best law in
the country when it comes to biometrics
it's a very simple law to comply with
according to court filings internal
Facebook documents appear to show that
Zuckerberg was frustrated with product
delays in that quote we didn't identify
privacy questions earlier once they
realize that they weren't gonna get out
of the suit quickly they hired a bunch
of lobbyists to come in and amend the
bill which would basically got it I
think their goal was to not just got it
for the future but to cut it retroactive
Lee which would end up killing our
lawsuit if Facebook succeeds in gutting
our nation's strongest biometric privacy
law they're gonna open up a Pandora's
box of privacy violations
it's that Illinois privacy law that
keeps strangers from pointing a camera
at you and using face recognition to
identify you by name Facebook declined
to comment on this piece but last Friday
it announced plans to change the way it
deals with political ads political
advertisers will now have to verify
their identity and Facebook is building
machine learning to help identify those
who don't this isn't a new process for
Facebook Facebook can regulate ads on
its platform and it does do so every day
alcohol ads are heavily regulated in
every country in the world
Facebook programmatically by by which I
mean using code goes through all of its
ads figures out which are probably for
alcohol-related stuff and then apply a
set of rules that are particular to that
country or you know that particular part
of the market and in a very similar way
they could do the same thing in the
political sphere if if they wanted to
Facebook is also promised to hire 250
additional employees to help something
that has previously been hesitant to do
when I ran the team believe it or not at
the end of every quarter the key graph
that I had to show Cheryl was the number
of ads being policed effectively going
up and to the right
right we're reviewing more and more ads
and the number of people employed in the
team being flat in other words we're
handling more capacity with the same
number of people or fewer so far us
regulators have lagged behind their
European counterparts and reining in
tech companies
it's unclear if these hearings represent
a new tack or the return of a familiar
pattern the moment you lift a finger to
regulate a company like Facebook on
Capitol Hill you will be met by an army
of lobbyists and lobbying will continue
to stop these efforts unless we as a
whole decide to regulate these companies
in a meaningful common-sense way if only
look you up or get information about you
I just go to the Facebook and type in
your name and it brings me up like
hopefully all the information I'd care
to know about you Facebook began by
giving away its product and preaching
the gospel of sharing 13 years later
it's one of the world's most profitable
companies with unprecedented powers of
surveillance over its two billion users
that means that at least for now
Facebook knows a lot more about the
members of Congress who might regulate
it than the members of Congress know
about Facebook
this week President Trump is expected to
announce the next chair of the Federal
Reserve the Fed chair is one of his most
powerful appointments and so far he's
been using Twitter and Instagram to
tease a big reveal
people are anxiously awaiting my
decision as to who the next head of the
Fed will be but if Trump's approach has
been unconventional his actual choice is
likely to be anything but Trump has
spent the better part of his first nine
months in office promising to the
opposite of whatever Obama did except
when it comes to one of the most
important appointments he'll make who's
gonna run the Federal Reserve for the
next four years the head of the Fed is
the single most powerful person in the
US economy even more powerful than the
president what Trump wants is a Fed
chair who'll use that power to do one
thing make the economy grow really fast
so you can deliver on his lofty economic
promises under our plan the economy will
average three point five percent growth
and create a total of 25 million new
jobs the best way to do that is to make
sure interest rates which have been
extremely low since the financial crisis
stay that way
what we do know he likes low interest
rates and that speaks to his real estate
background he wants low financing cost
maybe for him it's just low rates are
associated with healthy economic growth
and he wants more of it he wouldn't want
someone there she would jack up interest
rates just as soon as the economy starts
to heat up trump's affinity for low
interest rates is no secret
he's even called himself a low interest
rate kind of guy which is weird because
presidents don't usually discuss
monetary policy in public and because
republicans don't agree with him of
course everyone likes it when the
economy grows but low interest rates
raise the risk of inflation and that
usually freaks Republicans out not Trump
though he doesn't care about inflation
he just wants the economy to booms
and a Fed chair who will keep interest
rates low the way to do that is to
either rehire current Fed chair Janet
Yellen who Obama appointed in 2014 or
pick someone just like her right now it
looks like Trump is leaning toward
choosing Jerome Powell a Republican but
also someone who supported pretty much
every two
the Fed has made under Yellen which
means the next four years of monetary
policy are probably gonna look a lot
like the last four
in Finland 2,000 unemployed people are
part of an experiment that could help
shape the future of the West for the
next two years the government will give
them the equivalent of six hundred and
sixty dollars a month for free no
strings attached
it's an idea called universal basic
income and it's got a lot of politicians
and economists excited and other is
worried about creating a society of
freeloaders
Juha job in an doesn't just play these
Jamin drums
he makes them how much would you charge
for this once a them I think three four
hundred knots in the no no these people
didn't have money that's not the only
business he's got going it's filmmaking
and an artist version of air B&B all
this will help him bring up six kids
sort of all three kids sleepiness these
bar yeah they are sleeping there but
sometimes quite often they are sleeping
on the floor or on the trampoline and
yes I'm the anarchist and
and are you bitten I like it oh yeah you
Nana kiss dad yes had you swung by last
year things wouldn't have been half so
jolly back then jobless Jew hub was on
dole money which comes with such tight
restrictions he wasn't able to pursue
any of his business ideas but since
January he's been getting six hundred
and sixty dollars a month no strings
attached
what has a basic income made possible
feudin it's making possible did to
create my own business and before I
needed to focus for what employment of
his once and now I can focus what I want
to do so I'm now like I am taking
control of my life before it was
unplanned of this current government you
get paid about $600 a month what does
that enable you to do is that a lot of
money for you in Finland was five
hundred and sixty years it's very little
money you need to be Medici and to
survive with that money so it it doesn't
make people just chill out or stay in
their couches he's apparently Dilek
lifestyle forms part of one of the
biggest economic experiments of our time
universal basic income has rocketed in
popularity since banking crash Bernie
Sanders backs it so does tech Titan Elon
Musk
now Finland is hosting the first big
trial in Europe this isn't the purest
form of ubi which would be handed out to
everyone even billionaires instead it
focuses only on the unemployed still
there's a big jump between pilot and
policy and ministers know it what's the
politics of actually giving people are
unemployed money just to sit at home I
think it's not about just to stay at
home because I personally believe that
in in Finland citizens really want to
work just as ubi free juha from being
trapped and welfare it could do the same
for many others around the world in
labor markets and benefit system is the
long term unemployed person takes a
short term job he or she might lose some
benefits and you get more money rather
than stay at home that then going to
work but of course I understand the
criticism because it's a very open
handed because you give the money and
then you don't you text them or then you
don't ask what are you doing with the
money the link between work and wages is
at the heart of capitalism breaking it
is opposed by some very powerful groups
in Finland that includes a Finance
Ministry and the country's largest trade
union the problem is how to fund the the
benefits benefits have to be funded by
taxation and let's pay double paid by
the workers if you pay everyone enough
to live upon that means that people
don't have to work which means that many
people would quite rationally choose to
work less you were saying it's
unaffordable how unaffordable is it what
kind of impact would it have on the
economy well the current model being
tested if it were implemented a national
scale would increase the budget deficit
by 5% of GDP a more realistic scheme
would would involve a much higher rate
of Taxation to fund the fund of the
benefits and high rate of Taxation means
lower incentives to work what happens if
we just give everyone money for nothing
waste waste of all the tax can come from
the tapering there must be a lot of like
creative people and they would create
something new after 10 years we have a
lot of new Facebook's YouTube's
uber taxis so it's like called I think
in our DNA that it's all the time in
developing so that makes people anyway
active
nobody has the movie I want if you live
almost anywhere in the US you couldn't
be blamed for thinking that blockbuster
disappeared off the face of the earth
there were only ten of them left in the
entire country but six of those are in
one state Alaska where for many
residents who want to see a movie you
don't stream online you make it a
blockbuster night
sorry manager he's thinking on it's
lovely to see that you guys are still in
business how is business it is doing
well I have people who come into the
parking lot just to take pictures in the
building people who come in and they'll
walk around like and you know that
person hasn't been in a blockbuster in a
long time you can just tell because
they'll also be like oh my god I can't
believe you guys are still here why
Alaska is blockbuster doing so well and
why we have so many for one thing Alaska
so spread out you know we don't have the
a lot of the capability that the lower
48 has where they have streaming
everywhere and unlimited data a lot of
these places in the outlining stores you
know and Kenai and i'm Soldotna at home
or you know they don't get unlimited
data and if you do get unlimited data
you're gonna pay an arm a leg this is
where I've been coming literally since I
was really little the internet at our
house and all that isn't fully
functional I don't have Netflix or
anything like that so this is how I
watch new release movies Thursday before
10:00 p.m. we don't have a lot of money
to afford like the cool Wi-Fi they got
to be able to download stuff and you
know for 49 cents you can get a cool
movie it's nothing better than being
able to go home to your wife your
girlfriend be like hey I got a couple
movies and some popcorn for $5.99 you
know what I mean
they're running everything okay yeah
just looking for something else they
don't have my morning - what triplet
Alaska's an interesting breed itself
awesome the customers love to have
something physically in their hands and
they want to read it you want to just
treat this one I'm a little old school I
still have a VHS I have the old school
DVD players we just barely got the
blu-ray so to go online I understand
that there is a convenience to it but
there's something about it's it's the
difference between having a book that
you hold in your hand and an e-reader
you've got the real product here we're
home folks you know small town sort of
America I guess even though most people
don't think we're part of America what
kind of a an odd duck here you know and
I like it that way
you know I like the people that go oh
why are you still here why is to here
because you know that's the way it is we
sell a lot of the t-shirts the hoodies
water bottles backpacks in fact I just
sent out an order to New Jersey the week
before that in North Carolina Florida
people want membership cards we send
them out membership cards all the time
yeah granted there's no blockbusters
there but it's still cool that makes us
feel like we're important we have a lot
of loyal customers that come in here or
people who need their blockbuster fix if
this blockbuster shuts down it'd be kind
of rough on me personally because I've
been coming to Blockbuster for 25 years
but this was still holding on it's kind
of that last 300 Spartan effect you know
what I mean
I hope they survive
that's vice news tonight for Tuesday
October 31st
you
