the soldier killed in a helicopter crash
in eastern Afghanistan over the weekend
has been identified as 36 year old Chief
Warrant Officer Jacob Sims of Oklahoma
he's the 12th US service member to die
in Afghanistan this year and brings the
number of American military personnel
killed since the war began sixteen years
ago to 2400 foreign relations committee
will come to order an hour late this
afternoon
defense secretary James Madison
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson went to
Capitol Hill to ask for an extension of
the AUMF the authorization for use of
military force that's the law that
allows the u.s. to continue its wars
against those responsible for the 9/11
attacks as the Afghanistan war heads
into its 17th year the Trump
administration has already announced
that 4,000 more US troops will deploy to
Afghanistan this fall vice news joined
the 3rd Infantry Division of Fort
Stewart Georgia as they prepared for a
nine-month deployment
so we'll be heading off to Afghanistan
and actually about close to 48 hours
oh hey where you going sorry bringing it
day after tomorrow starts our legacy
right our contribution don't go out
tonight and tie one on that you're gonna
regret
investing what's important right
investing your family
it's bittersweet you leave my family
behind but I know that be in good
spirits I actually thought that I would
be deploying a lot sooner in my military
career we've been in Afghanistan for
many many years now and so now we have a
new generation of troops service members
that have to really have some tough
decisions and are getting younger and
younger
some we're the first in the family to to
join an army I'm one of the first to
graduate from college I've got a packet
right you've got to pack it tight this
is a full-body oma right here it's got
plates inside and back and I'm size and
I've got some more - I've got to add on
my wife make me pack extra socks just if
I want to double up on socks and extra
towels extra everything we've been
married for about three and a half years
now so it's they're relatively young is
kind of tough for me you know canta
floor this is literally packing up and
not coming back
for months at a time or you never know
maybe not coming back alive you know
that's reality right we've got a we've
got a plan for that
if it happens or if something bad
happens it's all in this packet you know
but I asked him and he said is up to me
and
if in the event that happens I would
want him to go wherever I go so you know
I try not to think about it a lot
because I know that he'll be back I want
to make it easy as possible for my
family if something happened
they've already gotta deal with a
significant emotional event if somewhere
truly happened to me
I think it's good to just think through
it talk through it have that tough
discussion if anything ever happens to
me take care of our scenes Olivia I
think one good thing is they joined and
knowing that Afghanistan was going on
unlike me joining the army 20 years ago
we joined a period of peace and it was
it was we were always prepared for
something but it was a period of peace
all of these soldiers know we're in Iraq
they know we're in Afghanistan I saw the
courage to join we're gonna do whatever
mission the army gives us all the
political fray and all that stuff as a
soldier we just have a both to obey the
orders of the president adage and that's
where we go so so during 9/11 I was in
junior high and they took us all
together to just a few classrooms and we
all watched those towers go down so you
think about it it's just a chilling
moment you know many many years later to
still be combatant things like this so
there's approximately 468 I believe
trees here and there all respect to all
the soldiers that lost alive in
Afghanistan and Iraq I've got a feel my
team they're 19 20 years old fairly
young
so it's really gonna put a lot of
pressure on me to make sure they get
back to their families at the same time
as you know me looking out for
so I wake up tomorrow sit down to have
breakfast with my wife and just kind of
be under each other talk about the good
times not talking about how sad we're
going to be to be away from each other
really talk about some good time review
some old videos maybe for my way maybe
from you first got together there really
reminisce about somebody a good time so
we leave on a really good note and then
we show up drop our bags pick up our
weapons have a ceremony get on buses and
head down today dag and fly out I want
to tell you that I love you love you so
much
I won't have anybody to put my cold feet
for you gonna have to get a pillow with
the pillow is warm gonna put the socks
on the soldiers are bringing you
represent some of the best locations in
the army we are ready to assume this
mission ok
I know will do well we will bring back
our folks live see out now I'm les
you
