tonight an immigrant teen and her
abortion rights Mexico City a month
later and the American cities romancing
Amazon the Philadelphia airports a
15-minute uber from here the legal fight
over an undocumented teenagers right to
get an abortion took another turn today
when a federal appeals court stepped in
the panel temporarily halted a judge's
order that would have allowed the
seventeen-year-old to get the procedure
in Texas where she's being detained
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton
praised the appeals court decision
saying that quote Texas must not become
a sanctuary state for abortions the ACLU
is representing the team and argues the
Trump administration is forcing her to
carry a pregnancy against her will in
the wake of Wednesday's short-lived
victory Jane Doe was accompanied by
officials from a federally contracted
Texas shelter to and from a clinic where
she got counseling and a sonogram in
Texas women have to meet with doctors 24
hours before they go through with an
abortion procedure Jane Doe has known
that she wanted abortions since early
September and she got the private funds
to get it because she's a minor she also
needed parental or court consent and she
got that - on September 25th a state
judge gave Jane Doe a bypass to go
forward but then over the past several
weeks the officials at her shelter will
not release her to her appointments and
instead they've had her under one-on-one
surveillance and have taken her to
pro-life counseling I spent the day with
Rachelle garza jane doe's attorney and
guardian what effect is the
back-and-forth on all this having on
Jane I think the back and forth on this
is affecting her she is so sure of
herself that she's not going to let
anything change her mind so the Trump
administration can try whatever they
want they could keep throwing curveballs
at her but she is not she's not going to
give up
why does jane doe's case matter jane
doe's case matters for many reasons one
including for her herself she's made
this decision that she doesn't want a
child she's a child herself she cannot
she cannot have a child to raise a child
she's in detention
this also implicates the immigrant
immigrants are not people and that's
that can't be the case that can't be
true the other implication is that the
federal government can force women to
have a child against their will
and that that can't be true that can't
be the outcome that we see tomorrow at
10:00 a.m. in DC there will be a hearing
that will essentially decide whether
Jane Doe can get her abortion on Friday
the thing is every day matters for Jane
Doe so as the court debates whether she
can go to this appointment or that
appointment she gets further along in a
pregnancy she does not want and the
number of doctors in red state Texas
were going to be willing to do the
procedure shrinks
I can't think of a better place than st.
Louis why land we have 500 acres hop on
your bike and you know being a brewing
production plant the Philadelphia
airports a 15-minute uber from here
Frisco is a city that thinks outside the
box hey Alexa Alexa Alexa
where should amazon locate HQ to today
final bids are due from city's hoping to
become the home of Amazon's second
American headquarters in more than a
hundred cities are doing their best
Civic mating dances in their quest to
land Amazon's new headquarters local
governments haven't just made a bunch of
cringe-worthy videos they put together
real bids with big incentives some are
playing it cool like Minnesota which
isn't offering any special new tax
subsidies but most are putting it all
out there New Jersey Governor Chris
Christie recently announced his state is
offering an incredible seven billion
dollars in tax breaks every year so why
are places bending over backwards to
lure Amazon because that's the game
that's played these days for decades now
states and cities have been promising
big companies big tax breaks to locate
in their borders it's been great for
politicians who get to tout their
seductive job-creating powers and
especially for companies for tax payers
though it hasn't always been so good for
the US economy as a whole money spent on
tax breaks is wasted since it makes no
difference if a company is located in
Denver or Philadelphia but companies
have mastered the art of pitting
municipalities against each other to get
the sweetest deal possible good jobs
first in industry watchdog estimates
that states and cities now give out at
least seventy billion dollars in tax
breaks every year it does depend on the
deal
if you could actually pinpoint the BMW
plant located in Upstate South Carolina
was a pretty transformative investment
for that community but for every deal
like that there's probably more deals
that went bad
crappy tax deals are all over the place
Rhode Island
we blew 75 million dollars on a video
game company run by former Red Sox
pitcher Curt Schilling the company only
made one game before going bust
Sears got 150 million dollars in tax
breaks from Illinois in 2011 when it
threatened to move its headquarters the
company's payroll has fallen by so much
since then that it no longer even
qualifies for the benefits Amazon dough
is likely gonna be a different story the
first is just a scale up to 50,000 jobs
even if they get halfway there
this year job creation is at a scale
that we haven't seen from an individual
company relocation since it's a
corporate headquarters those will be
relatively well-paying jobs so the
quality of the jobs is also high most
experts seem to agree that whichever
city or state lands the new headquarters
will get more than its money's worth if
we would be like the EU and just abolish
the interstate competition for firms
we've all be better off but for this
particular deal it's also not as
straightforward to just say no city
should offer incentives because there is
value here that is quantitatively and
qualitatively different unfortunately
for most places there are only about 20
metropolitan areas that actually meet
Amazon's baseline requirements Parrilla
says Amazon is most likely to end up in
a big city on the East Coast with a
large research institution like Boston
or Atlanta but if some other city finds
a way to steal those fifty thousand
high-paying jobs it might not end up
regretting it's humiliating audition
video
fifty-thousand transportation workers
have walked off the job in France today
as part of more than a hundred strikes
called by unions to fight against
sweeping labor reforms that president
Emmanuel macron passed last month
McCrone has bet his presidency on reform
of the country's famously protective
labor laws enforce the changes through
with the French equivalent of an
executive order pledging to liberate the
stalling economy new film but in the
country where industrial strikes are a
national pastime rolling back workers
rights has proved near impossible for a
succession of French presidents and it's
been no picnic for Matt Chrome there
have been about 50 local strikes a month
and 24 national strikes since he was
elected
mostly Fukunaga a massage for Paku Paku
Paku salon over PA okay at was it
Emmanuelle ganda is the archetypal
French worker and exactly the image of
French industry that presidents McCrone
was to change when people see that the
French are always striking is this any
different for any at a time we will
attack for sale imagine even a belief on
city to defend or to differences from
till the vista kappa belief was
irrefutable committees he's been in his
job as a train driver for more than 20
years over which period his union third
rail has taken part in dozens of
national demonstrations sometimes
striking on behalf of other industries
just because their own job security is
guaranteed like most in his industry he
has a generous pension topped up by the
state discount travel for his extended
family and a contract which says he can
never be fired without massive
compensation what would you say to those
who are looking at France right now
looking at someone like you and your job
and that this is actually too much
sooo easy to the politic to leap at 1sq
have I said too complicated for gossip
or
sis keep water hisilani sister
passionate but wanted to be solid it
just give the body so she could be world
it Wow pecans reforms take power away
from unions allowing firms to negotiate
rights and perks directly with workers
ignoring s' waves of the country's
biblical labor rule book the 3500 page
code d'etat by it's a divisive move in a
country which has protected rights in
law ever since the 1848 French
Revolution successive governments have
vowed to trim the Labor Code and have
ultimately only added to it under
pressure from unions which date back a
century
why does France have something like this
when other countries say the United
States or the United Kingdom don't la
force em to da la force em a clear de la
a la francaise autonomous ompletely
Lua Lejeune Shirley Akana her shoe
today's exception
look at that gandi gandi gandi gandi
gandi the tide occurred la a police in
the lamp of TomSka natasha lab
protection
despite the opposition of traditional
industry the promise of new flexibility
over contracts means that startups and
small businesses do support the changes
florian galavan's a growing tech firm in
paris how easy is it to bring people on
employ people and make your business
grow well here in France it's very
complicated because the French labor
laws are very strict and and also
complicated we actually have a big HR
department because it's just for the
contracts it's a hassle and I think with
a new macro laws that should facilitate
hiring people it should have an impact
on what do you do now if you can't do
that once you hire someone and he's in
city you can't fire him it's almost
impossible he's careful in long run
Emmanuel macron says the new laws with
their emphasis on flexible contracts
will make France more competitive and
cut high unemployment rates but pushing
through the changes by decree relying on
the majority of his brand-new or marsh
party in the National Assembly has
contributed to his rapid fall in
popularity since election olivia
Gregoire is one of many new law makers
with the background outside of politics
brought in to break this decades-old
malaise why are these labor reforms so
important it's important because it's
something that the president Emmanuel
macron say that he want to do during the
campaign France must keep an important
place in Europe and to be strong in
Europe we must have
a working environment which is far more
efficient I mean you mentioned macron
yeah he's not been in power long but his
popularity his yeah has gone down
considerably
yeah doesn't that show that perhaps he's
not going in the right direction at the
moment we are not obsessed by being
reelected we're obsessed by making the
change we say to French people we're
gonna make and we are here to take Chris
to move friends and to make it better
for French people it's been a month
since a magnitude 7.1 earthquake killed
at least 369 people in central Mexico
the quake severely damaged homes and
businesses throughout the country's
capital about 38 buildings crumbled in
2,600 are considered at high risk of
collapse at least 13 of those structures
will have to be demolished the
government rolled out a program to help
people who've been displaced the
thousands who don't have a real place to
live or still struggling to get by Joe
Catania never the varicella sending
blood that was a bientot facilitator for
the past month 64 year old enrique
Alcantar has been staying in a tent down
the street from the dry cleaning
business where he once lived and worked
personally mr. la plancha simply some
homeless activity
well sorry top with the limo TNT's can
destroy grappa merceditas Ando say get
Luciano it's retarded
they shall leave this episode here no
matter up you motivation yeah that
off Enrique charges about six dollars to
iron twelve items he hopes he'll soon
have enough money to rent a place for
him and his 20 year old son the building
where his son used to work was also
damaged and now Enrique has to support
the both of them my Anna we have said it
cavity there's you know really simple
and it's part of a new set up yet the
las autoridades para los cabos in
himself he'll receive the equivalent of
a hundred and thirty two dollars a month
for six months thirty demo Cooper
bouquet the year and the key tenets
complimentary I never worried that he
was under thirty years ago today Wall
Street had the worst day in its history
on what became known as Black Monday and
the US stock market fell twenty two
point six percent at the time Black
Monday felt like a catastrophic
world-changing event but today people
barely remember it happened some of that
is because the 1987 crash seems like a
weird anomaly in the US big market
crashes have usually had big causes like
the 1929 crash that anticipated the
Great Depression the one in 2000 that
birthed the internet bubble or the one
in 2008 that followed the collapse of
Lehman Brothers but Black Monday had no
obvious culprit so why did it happen
when the market opened that day
investors were already panicked stocks
had fallen sharply the previous week and
on Monday morning Asian and European
stocks had tumbled as well from that
point a toxic mix of investor anxiety
new technology and the decisions of a
few big investors created a vicious
cycle selling led to more selling which
in turn fueled a sense of panic which
led people to sell even more the problem
in black money wasn't that the market
was falling it was that the market was
falling apart helping drive this was big
investors reliance on computerized
trading programs which sold stocks
whenever the market fell by a certain
amount these programs were supposed to
protect investors against big losses but
every time they kicked in they drove the
market down further because there was no
regulator overseeing markets as a whole
no one had a clear picture of what was
happening all the things were bright
ideas that came out of the financial
engineering laboratories of academia and
Wall Street that had great appeal and
became dangerous only when everybody
started to do them you know it's like a
 when everybody runs over to the
same side of the boat that's gonna
capsize unless there's some ballast on
the other side many more people were
over on that side of the boat then
regulators or even the marketplace
itself realize that's the danger of
these fads that they get adopted on a
scale that blind sizes
what Black Monday showed was that even
without any big news the combination of
just a few key factors could bring down
the entire market and the factors that
drove the crash are still at work today
big investors dominate even more of the
market Computers do more of the trading
there's still no regulator overseeing
how all these pieces fit together and
complex financial instruments have
become much more common the importance
of the 87 crash was it showed us how the
new market was working it's really a
crystal ball it showed us the future it
showed us how the market had changed
while we weren't paying attention what
we need are markets that can withstand
the shocks of an avalanche of buying or
an avalanche of selling without cracking
and breaking apart
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
October 19th
you
