tonight fusion pings first five years
the politics of condolence calls and I
think I just broke it
Iran's supreme leader says that the
country will shred the nuclear deal if
the US pulls out of it
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei --zz comments
came after president Trump refused to
certify that Iran is complying with the
agreement and threatened to kill the
deal with Congress doesn't strengthen it
how many called on European leaders to
do more to back the 2015 pact and in a
dig at trump the ayatollah said quote i
will not spend time to respond to the
nonsensical comments by the foul-mouthed
president thousands of Somalis protested
to show their defiance against the
attack that killed more than 300 people
in Mogadishu on Saturday police
reportedly fired shots to try to keep
demonstrators away from the site of the
explosion but officers had to relent and
let the huge crowd through the rally
eventually made its way to Mogadishu
Stadium Somalia's president said there's
no doubt al-shabaab carried out the
bombing even though the terrorist group
hasn't claimed responsibility for it
after meeting with owners union
representatives and players NFL
Commissioner Roger Goodell said the
league will encourage players to stand
for the anthem but will not force them
to he added that the NFL will focus on
the issues being raised by players
including reform of the criminal justice
system we have about a half a dozen
players that are protesting we hope and
we're going to continue to work to try
to put that at zero that's what we'd
like to do but we we want to make sure
that we're understanding what the
players are talking about and that's
complex
a district court in Washington DC
granted an undocumented pregnant
teenager a temporary restraining order
against Trump administration officials
who tried to prevent her from having an
abortion the girl whose name is being
withheld had raised private funds to
cover the cost of the procedure and
received a Texas State judge's
permission but in an unprecedented
intervention Trump administration
officials tried to directly interfere
through the Health and Human Services
office of refugee resettlement
instructing directors at the girl's
shelter to monitor her and not release
her for appointments today the court
ruled that she could have the procedure
by the end of the week this is an
excitement about her getting an abortion
that that's not the point I would be
just as outraged if children are being
forced to have abortions it's it's a
it's about a bright over one's own body
and making the decisions for themselves
China's President Xi Jinping kicked off
the party's 19th Congress today with an
endurance test for his audience and in
nearly three and a half hour speech in
Beijing she laid out a sweeping vision
for the next five years but the
gathering of more than 23-hundred
delegates in the Great Hall of the
People was also she's center stage
moment to tempt the achievements of his
first term and after five years in
office she is in more command than ever
just as China lavished praise on Mao
years ago now they're focusing adoring
public displays on Xi Jinping
China actually banned cultish
hero-worship in its constitution so the
state√≠s scrubs some of these videos
from the internet and forbade its media
from using the nickname Big Daddy she
but that doesn't mean the party isn't
showing its president some love
weeks before the party congress beijing
open an exhibition to officially
celebrate the accomplishments of the
chinese people over the past five years
with one man to thank analysts say that
during his first term she has become the
most powerful leader since Mao he
sidestepped the collective leadership
favored by his predecessors and moved to
tightly consolidate his political
authority one way he's done this is by
essentially assuming power over every
office she started his term holding
three standard titles president head of
the party and chairman of the Central
Military Commission but he keeps adding
to that list he chairs a growing number
of secretive small leading groups that
govern everything from economic reforms
to state security to foreign affairs
he's tighten that grip even further
through his war on corruption and Judy
since 2013 he's punished more than 1.3
million party members jailing top cadres
and expelling a potential successor from
the party question is a monster monster
problem in China threatens the entire
political system and economy xi Jinping
knew that he did not take the advice of
Westerners like us to prosecute this
campaign using rule of law and
transparency and he's been very smart at
keeping potential opponents divided
while he's pressed forward so this is
sound and fury at its highest level
she may have reshaped the Communist
Party but he hasn't managed to bring
down China's soaring debt or bump up its
economic growth to counteract slowing
growth at home he's projected China's
economic prowess overseas through his
ambitious one belt one road initiative
it's a 1 trillion dollar infrastructure
project although some governments are
resisting Xi's push the initiative could
potentially link close to a third of all
the countries in the world with China at
the center she is also becoming a global
leader in fighting climate change that
might seem surprising since China with
its rapid industrialization emits more
carbon dioxide than any other country
but she relies on the support of China's
strong middle class that's about 350
million people they expect clean air
pure water and safe food and they aren't
afraid to protest if they don't get it
over the coming days top party positions
will reshuffle once again meaning she
has yet another opportunity to submit
not just his power for the next five
years but ultimately his legacy
the name of the Father and the Son Holy
Spirit in Christian theology members of
the church militant are fighting an
earthly struggle against corruption
within themselves and in the wider world
for former TV news reporter Michael
Voris
that struggle now includes a battle
against elements inside the Catholic
Church which he believes has taken a
sharp turn to the left give up the lies
of clergy who would deprive you of the
glory of light and truth by tearing at
the heart of the church voice has now
taken the battle to a suburban Detroit
production studio as the creator of the
ultra conservative Church militant
websites the ORS and his staff produced
daily talk shows and commentaries aimed
at Catholics who are worried their
church is strayed from its roots the
sword of st. Michael many of you are of
course familiar with us we've shown used
it many times and brought it out this is
him babbling Satan and this is him
guarding the Tree of Life yeah just if
you can hold them that is Wow that's got
some yeah F - it's got half - this good
boris and his team disagree with the
church's current stance on a host of
issues including its liberal positions
on climate change and immigration so do
we need to secure our borders and build
that well heck yeah we do but what
church militant finds most troubling is
the Catholic Church's shifting attitudes
toward LGBT men and women Forrest blames
that shift on a culture of
permissiveness that he says has allowed
a faction promoting homosexuality within
the church to flourish there is little
difference psychologically between all
these deeply disturbed homosexual
clerics and the more out gays in a Pride
Parade Pope Francis may be the leader of
the Catholic Church but church militant
has surged in popularity with the rise
of a different leader since Trump was
elected what's website traffic been like
I'd say since the election probably near
double we are the most commented on
Catholic web site in the world
what do you think is driving that what
Trump selection has done as has kind of
highlighted even more than the campaign
which is really saying something has
highlighted this stark difference in
people's view of the culture the nation
religion doll the things of life have
all come in to there is us and there is
them and I think people are just
choosing up sides more if that sounds
like a familiar refrain that's because
the Trump White House and church
militant pushed parallel themes railing
against the establishment and common
enemies Hillary Clinton is evil there is
no other way to say the reality she is
evil and like Donald Trump Forrest
thinks he's tapped into a kind of anger
among his audience there is a great
unrest within the Catholic Church among
the Catholic faithful it's creating this
reaction this counter-revolution within
the church specifically among Catholics
who have had it with going to Mass and
hearing liberal priests read Democratic
Party talking points to them and we ask
all this in Jesus's name Amen
to Michael Voris no one better embodies
the church establishments embrace of a
liberal agenda that father James
Martin's the prominent American Jesuit
who's long been a favorite of
progressive Catholics God made you the
way you are and God knows you at a
recent talk Martin made the case for the
Catholic Church to do more to reach out
to those on the margins and a Pope
Francis can use the word gay so can
everybody else
Martin's latest book building a bridge
argues for dialogue between the Catholic
Church and LGBT Catholics the book has
been endorsed by several church
officials and Martin says its message is
in line with church teachings and as
guys came in your prayers and while
there's been some pushback from
conservative clergy the most vehement
opposition to Martin's ideas has come
from groups like church militant Martin
says three recent invitations to speak
at Catholic institutions were cancelled
he blames far-right sites like church
militant for stirring about rage among
readers which Martin says led to a
campaign of screaming phone calls to
organizers and pressure on social media
I mean it's really hard for me to
understand why LGBT sexual relations is
the sort of greatest sin for these
people I mean I think some of it is fear
you know fear of the LGBT person as the
other there's always some scapegoating
going on some of it's just plain hatred
I mean the kind of schoolyard hatred and
bullying we see of LGBT people and I
have to say that some of it I've talked
to psychologists and psychiatrists about
this some of that rage you know probably
has to do with their own kind of
complicated sexuality but frankly I
don't get it Boris himself admits to
having a complicated past yeah I mean my
recollection was you know I lived in a
you know in you know the gay lifestyle
for probably tale into my twenties all
my 30s into my early 40s so I guess
that's about 14 15 years something like
that
Forrest says he renounced his sexuality
in life as a gay man following the
deaths of his brother and mother over a
decade ago which inspired him to adhere
to a more conservative version of
Catholicism now as the head of church
militant Voris believes it is his duty
to call out leaders like father Martin
and highlight what he views as Martin's
heresy I mean he's dog whistling to them
to that meaning the whole sort of
leftist pro-gay all that whole dog
listen let me go I'm with you I'm with
you I'm with you I just can't I have to
walk right up to the line I can't quite
shake okay but I'm gonna do everything
about and you know what I mean and
that's why the that's why authentic
authentic Catholics not heretic
Catholics are reacting to him like that
but to church authorities what Boris is
preaching is not authentic Catholicism
either Boris is local Archdiocese when
as far as demanding he take the word
Catholic out of an earlier version of
the website which was called real
Catholic TV the site has since rebranded
as church militant now Martin has
leveled his own criticism at church
militant and like-minded groups you
wrote an op-ed in The Washington Post in
which you called these groups a kind of
Catholic all right what does that mean
well groups that say that they're
Catholic use some of the same tactics
that the political alt-right does which
is primarily demonization and
vilification of people you know using
falsehoods and misconstruing things and
really kind of whipping people up into
the state of hatred and I think that's
totally antithetical to what the church
should be about how do you feel about
being called the Catholic all right I
don't know the all right I didn't even
know what that term means you know we
are Orthodox Catholics which means we're
Catholic dissidents heretics heterodox
in the church they have introduced into
the language of the church political
terms for the people who criticize
church militant what don't they get
about you and the operation
that our sole motivation is saving souls
the reason they don't get it is because
they don't believe it
there's finally some good news in
California's devastated wine country a
chance of rain tomorrow but even if it
does come it'll be too late for the
neighborhood of cofee Park where nearly
every house has already burned to the
ground instead of rows of homes there's
now a forest of charred chimneys
standing in piles of ash and now that
there's nothing left to burn recovery
workers are beginning the search for
anyone who didn't make it out alive
it's been eight years since captain
Estelle Hong was in a war zone that was
Iraq 7,000 miles away this is Santa Rosa
California an hour and a half away from
her home in the bay area I have seen
very desolate areas and whatnot but just
knowing that this is a community right
near where I live and just how quickly
happened and all the families that are
out of homes or have lost loved ones is
a different type of feeling that I
haven't really experienced this is an
open road Hong works full-time at Intel
but when the fires erupted she got a
call to report to her other job
commander of the 235th engineering
company in the California National Guard
for the past week she and her team of
about 60 have been sifting through the
remains of nearly three thousand homes
that burned to the ground in Santa Rosa
so when you get out here and you look
around everything's completely
devastated and it's it's hard to kind of
make sense of it how do you guys
organize and figure out where to start
our primary mission is to search the
area for any potential victims that
didn't make it out of their homes when
the fire happened after is just
collecting any valuables that are open
in the areas or that way we can tag in
and give it back to the rightful owner
what are some of those situations that
you train them for typically when you
have a foundation like this you look for
bed springs because most of the times
when people are trapped in their homes
it's because they're sleeping and it was
too late when the fires started we show
them how to clear the bed frames and
then show them how to search for bones
in the area it was so hot the fire
between 1,500 and 3,000 degrees and the
bones actually exploded
19:08 where's that 1908 though that way
miss Ellen the recovery effort is
massive this one right here so you got
yourself a dog any time someone finds
something that could be a bone it
becomes an instant priority so far Kong
and her team had only found animal
remains so earlier today we heard a
report that there were two skulls found
on a mattress
yeah the skull is actually were skulls
of gear
they weren't human skulls I guess it's
one of those moments where you don't
really have time to react I was relieved
that it was in humans what they have
been finding our personal effects
jewelry knickknacks and the occasional
handgun this one was loaded like
everything else that will be handed off
to the Sonoma County Sheriff's Office
where deputies will try to find its
owner but the 230 v Engineer Company a
unit made up of californians small
business owners plumbers college
students and tech industry workers like
Hong it's the least they can do looking
around if all they can do I don't think
I could ever actually understand fully
of what they're going through but I
could only imagine just being out here
and seeing everything that they've ever
owned and had in their lives just gone
and that's very tough
this is the method to robot it's over 13
feet tall and weighs 1.6 tons
they keep attacking
trust you if this robot looks like
something you saw in the movie it's
probably because you have chairman yang
Jin ho and his team collaborating for
the Hollywood designer to make the
method - he spent 200 million dollars of
his own money on the project what are
the applications for the robot Jehan
zahana he was evolving as a student of
this question dr. have young nosara
beach is my beautiful tail and develops
in sahaja yoga South Korea currently
uses weaponized robots to patrol the DMZ
will the method to serve a role in a
place like the DMZ without young haraam
the decayed upon each other there -
what's the situation - who uses so
America is peaceful the way I imagine is
possible or yourself as a customs agent
job done
robots have already replaced humans and
disaster sites including the cleanup at
the Fukushima nuclear site though they
can't do everything
radiation levels were a hundred times
higher than what a human could withstand
and the robots filmed five times sooner
than expected
the King got an oath I made it
electronically an in-game too much given
enough
the robot is designed to mimic hand in
our movements
suspended by two metal cables in the
ceiling to keep it balanced the biggest
concern is when it comes to artificial
intelligence what is the future for the
the method series of robots
yeah it's all taught to get our best of
the city we are horrible soon Joseph
Smith sattibabu a new song in the
sangeeta a Islands Castle whoa hey hey a
couple got a body Jay gazebo finish
woody girl who are negotiating with
geopolitical web
while the Chairman envisions a serious
role for the method like robots it may
end up being something people buy for
fun
who is gonna buy the method to robot
were the buyers devs
was a containment
entertainment - it has two choices I
think I just broke it
oh no problem
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
October 18th
you
