that was fun now I forgot where I was
well that sounded cool is that
Nickelback how are you picking these
songs that's cool
coal production futuristic R&B it gives
the illusion of slowing down but it's
actually just the same tempo I wonder if
it's the same singer did a bunch of
vocal takes in fact it uh processed it
or if it's some old sample sometimes
when I hear this R&B sound it's not my
thing but uh this was a lot less of that
whoa we will be what we kind of think
just sonically neat its division watch
out for that
interesting rhythm track I mean it has
elements of like this organic acoustic
II kind of thing but then it's like all
kinds of electronic loopy types yeah I
was ready for the like natural drums to
where where the percussive element came
in I thought it was going to be more
cliched and it surprised me with the
sound it used almost like a less
commercial Coldplay the only thing is I
can't remember one word that was said
buying coffee you can't hold it big and
love is keeping school you're sleeping
on a couch I think it sounds like that
Selena Gomez song with kygo I was
listening to the lyrics on this one okay
yeah it seemed very crafted in the
lyrical sense every line had to make you
think back and that's an interesting
thing sometimes though you don't want to
think that much
I don't know I'm from Tennessee and I'm
not isn't enthralled by southern accents
as people seem to be it's not as
offensive as a lot of modern country
it's cool that's good
I must be from England Ryan's me the
cure a little yeah awesome guitar stuff
actually I think our next record is
gonna sound like that
it's great who is it cuz I gotta get
that knocked out of our skin you have to
see that written out and write it down
I'm nervous to see this are you know
okay good
you
