tonight the man who greenlit bump stars
another Isis stronghold falls we kill
all died in Iraq and wildfires torched
wine country
the top-ranking Republican and Democrat
of the House Foreign Affairs Committee
have reversed their positions on the
Iran nuclear deal both voted against it
in 2015 but now say America should stick
to the agreement as flawed as the deal
is I believe we must now enforce the
hell out of it
president Trump has until Sunday to
certify Terrence compliance with the
deal three weeks after Hurricane Maria
knocked out power across the entire
island only 10 percent of Puerto Rico
has electricity the death toll has risen
to 45 but local NGOs believe the real
number could be far higher because the
most remote parts of the island are
still cut off from communication at
least 22 hospitals still don't have
access to electricity and many of those
that do are using their own generators
two months after the USS John McCain
collided with an oil tanker killing 10
sailors the Navy has relieved two of the
ships top officers of duty commander
Alfredo J Sanchez and commander Jesse L
Sanchez have been reassigned to other
duties in Japan the Navy said the
investigation is ongoing but that the
collision was preventable
it's just one in a series of accidents
that raised questions about the Navy's
safety standards the Boy Scouts of
America announced they'll allow girls to
join for the first time in the club's
100-year history starting next year
girls will be allowed into its Cub Scout
program by 2019 we'll launch a separate
program for older girls where they can
earn the organization's highest rank of
Eagle Scout in a letter in August the
president of the Girl Scouts criticized
the Boy Scouts for trying to covertly
recruit girls
a federal judge ruled today that the
Dakota access oil pipeline can continue
operating even though the latest federal
assessment on the pipeline's
environmental effects has not yet been
completed in June the court ruled that
the original evaluation was invalid
because it did not include LEGO ahi a
drinking water source for the Sioux
tribe
the US Army Corps responsible for the
new environmental assessment said they
were fairly certain it would not reveal
heightened risk in Washington DC today
House Speaker Paul Ryan called for the
Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms
to enact regulations on bump stocks
which allow semi automatics to fire like
machine guns and were found on at least
12 of the rifles in Las Vegas shooters
Steven paddocks hotel room but we think
the regulatory fix is the smartest
quickest fix and I'd frankly like to
know how it happened in the first place
Thanks
the sale of new automatic weapons has
been banned for decades but in 2010 the
ATF ruled that bum stocks were perfectly
legal
Josh Hirsch went to Virginia to meet the
man who made that decision
now this is an ache a type firearm and
this is one of the things that the media
and the Talking Heads always get wrong
an ak-47 as an automatic Kalashnikov
model of 1947
it is a real machine gun made in Russia
these are a kei types semi-automatic
sporting variants until he retired a few
years ago Rick Vasquez was a senior
analyst with the Bureau of Alcohol
Tobacco and Firearms he reviewed gun
accessories to determine if they
violated a ban on machine guns in 2010
his office reviewed a bump stock device
sent in by a company called slide fire
do you ever what you thought when you
saw this device started just like ma'am
it doesn't fit the definition it doesn't
fit the rulings but we better run this
up the chain a bump stop creates a
cradle for a semi-automatic rifle to
rest in so that the gun naturally slides
back and forth from recoil while being
fired if the shooter pulls forward at
the same time the trigger will hit his
finger quickly and repeatedly greeting
the effect of machine gun fire as I
think a lot of people who aren't
familiar with guns would just think well
that looks like a machine gun and sounds
like a machine guns it must be a machine
gun you're exactly right and of course
we've got a lot of criticism over this
so why is it not a machine gun if
Congress wants to change the law and
come up with a new interpretation then
ATF will follow that new interpretation
but until they do that they have to go
by the guidelines they have today those
guidelines are based on a 1934 law that
defines what a machine gun is according
to the law a machine gun must fire
multiple bullets with a single function
of the trigger
well but when technicians tested the
slide fire bumps doctor
they found that although the bullets
came out rapidly and in a continuous
flow each time you fired a shot you
technically pulled the trigger that
might sound like a trivial difference
but drawing the line between trivial
differences if precisely what regulators
are expected to do well stick with the
AR before we shoot the a K all right
Vasquez took us to his local gun range
to show us how bump fire works and to
show us something else that you don't
even need a bump stock to create the
same effect when somebody bump fires
think of this as a bonfire stock and
able to move okay so what happens is I
pull the gun into my trigger finger and
then because I'm holding it a certain
way it'll continue to bump back and
forth against my trigger finger with the
recoil but your pulling is that correct
it's like a reverse energy I'm pulling
forward the recalls going rearward have
people discovered a way to bump fire
without a device without a bump stock
guys figured out that if you held a gun
loosely and practice with it you could
get the gun to recall against your
finger you know I've never done it I can
attempt to do it now and then see what
happens okay we should try right now we
can try there it goes would you like to
try it
sure I'll shoot yeah
like for now your burst yeah I mean it
feels like a machine gun it but it's not
yeah I mean this is clearly a
semi-automatic firearm yeah
all right go shoot it till it's empty if
Congress banned the bunk stock would
people just find another way what are
they going to ban if they come out today
and say the slight fire stock or the
binary trigger
my name is made illegal they're going to
have to make illegal the operating
principle now to answer your question
yes immediately people will wake up in
the morning and start thinking how can I
make something that doesn't fit into
these 10-point criteria that Congress
just put out that's exactly how we ended
up with the bumps exactly - for you when
you look back on that you feel like this
was a decision that was made the right
way we made a technical and statutory
decision that was correct
president Trump reacted angrily today to
an NBC news report that he'd ordered a
huge increase in America's nuclear
arsenal the Trump acknowledged that he
is a big fan of America's nukes
we won't need an increase but I want
modernization and I want total
rehabilitation it's got to be in tip-top
shape if it sounds like Trump is
confused that's in part because lately
American nuclear policy has been pretty
confused too in 2009 just a few months
after taking office President Obama made
a bold pledge so today I state clearly
and with conviction America's commitment
to seek the peace and security of a
world without nuclear weapons hoping to
set the country on a path to nuclear
zero Obama signed a new nuclear arms
reduction treaty with Russia in 2010 the
New START treaty replaced an older
agreement called start 1 it slashed the
number of deployed warheads missiles and
nuclear bombers in the two countries
Arsenal's back then gradual nuclear
disarmament seemed like the responsible
move now it seems naive they won't be
met with fire and fury like the world
has never seen
Rebeca Hersman was a Deputy Assistant
Secretary of Defense in the Obama
administration when New START was signed
it's disappointing and worrying that
here we are in 2017 and the nuclear
security environment seems more ominous
than it did in the 2010 time frame and
that reality is one that we need to deal
with we need to deal with the fact that
our relationship with Russia seems more
problematic than it did at that time
on everyone's mind today are the threats
coming from North Korea that only drive
home the importance of a very careful
nuclear policy in my view it's only
become more important to secure the
modernization program in light of the
fact that our world of nuclear threats
does not seem to have gotten safer in
the last several years the issue is the
American nuclear arsenal itself is at a
critical fork in the road the warheads
and the vehicles that deliver them are
decades old so if we're not gonna get
rid of them the Pentagon says it needs
to rebuild them spending tens of
billions of dollars to do it this is the
so-called modernization program that
Hersman supports and that trump endorsed
in the Oval Office today the Defense
Department had already ordered up new
ballistic missile submarines and a new
nuclear bomber but in August it awarded
1.8 billion dollars in contracts to
develop a new nuclear cruise missile and
almost 700 million dollars in contracts
to design a replacement for the fleet of
ground-based ICBMs a lot of nuclear
experts think this modernization process
is dangerous because it gives the United
States would amounts to new nuclear
capabilities that could make war more
likely and encourage our nuclear
competitors to build more weapons of
their own the pro modernisation crowd
dismisses those concerns as alarmism
that rift is critical because New START
comes to an end in 2021 and the US will
have to decide before then whether to
negotiate more reductions kick-the-can
with a five-year extension or abandon
the treaty altogether tonight strong
winds ripping across Northern California
a refuelling close to two dozen
fast-moving wildfires that have already
killed 21 people destroyed more than
3,500 buildings and burned close to a
hundred and seventy thousand acres
firefighters are now concerned that the
scattered fires could merge
increase in intensity more than 20,000
people have been evacuated and police
are now rushing door-to-door to remove
residents from homes in the shifting
paths of the wildfires but many people
who made it out safely have lost
everything else and are now returning to
homes where there's nothing left to burn
just total devastation everything gone
whole block filled house is saved but
just memories and years and you know
parents hard earned money gone
my neighbor's house survived people in
the corner of them their whole fence is
gone but their house survives its fires
a crazy thing it just jumps and picks
and chooses we're seeing if we can find
anything salvageable you know before the
leaders start coming even though they're
going to have you know there's a 6:45
curfew now I see the World War two bikes
Square that's my TV he's lost all
baseball his stuff as well so the
sadness and just you know watching him
go through all that it's just it's it's
rightness I just don't know what to do
what to tell them so this whole
neighborhood's a really big community
you know and but now it's just like you
don't even know where everyone's at is
just spread out seeing the before and
after aerial views is is devastating
it's just heart-wrenching everybody else
around here basically just with no
warning left with whatever was on the
back whatever they can just grab and go
it's just it's crazy it's the weirdest
thing I've ever it's like we're living
in a dream it's just a horrible
nightmare that's come to life
the battle to drive the Islamic state
out of Iraq is nearly over on Tuesday
night the Iraqi army announced it had
fully recaptured huido city in the
neighboring towns and villages from Isis
the american-backed Iraqi army the
Federal Police and the Shia paramilitary
group known as the PMU all took part in
the operation to liberate the city of
78,000 people one of the last Isis
strongholds in Iraq and Hassan was with
the Federal Police as they moved in
these locals were freed from Isis
controls just moments before we arrived
many still had beards which they were
forced to grow and district' his llama
claw it took Iraqi forces a matter of
days to reach this village just outside
the centre of huido City unlike the
battle to retake Mosul in which tens of
thousands of civilians and soldiers were
killed the operation in huido was faster
and far less bloody
since 2014 locals including Wafaa lived
in fear
he said that Isis forced him to watch
killings by Gehenna Mozilo home that we
need in the order he shot it oh yeah
then they grieve over see your father I
saw myself in Savannah Savannah market
I'm gonna demo him show up just in my
little little body halona mozilla lewis
paul gilbert journey okay
yeoman Helena has hidden a lead mechanic
Iraqi forces blocked off all roads in
and out of the region over the past year
meaning the only way Isis could get
supplies in and out was through the
mountains the strategy helps weaken the
group before the offensive
how long will it take to complete more
than 500 Isis fighters gave themselves
up to the Kurdish pesh MERGA that's
because the sunny Isis fighters believes
that they're less likely to be executed
in the predominantly Sunni Kurdish
region then insha'Allah dirac the
Peshmerga provided security and
artillery support to the Iraqi forces on
the eastern side of huido district and
also coordinated safe passage for
villagers trying to get out but the
spirits of cooperation seems to be
wearing thin because of the Kurdish
independence vote
Ocala for cantata su parte de su
destitution happy by Kardashian
government forces have also been arguing
over who should keep the Isis prisoners
but there's a larger concern for both
sides
and that's a possibility that Isis left
fighters behind to blend in with the
civilian population estimates conformed
by to Quebec whoosh wait who knows a car
lot about any business value my husband
and have to my money Michael I didn't
listen
no no that it out to me
last week we reported on Jim Morgan a
woman who's suing Congressman Paul Gosar
in federal court for blocking her on
Facebook
I was blocked because I was critical of
congressman Gosar and the post was
something to the effect of this is a
perfect example of the political
watery that has become the Washington
status quo we have two updates to that
story the first is that today Gosar
relented and unblocked Morgan Morgan
says she appreciates it but she'll still
pursue her lawsuit she wants a judgment
in federal court to use as evidence for
an ethics violation complaint against
Gosar our second update is that go stars
brother lawyer Dave Gosar reached out to
Jim Morgan to offer to represent her in
her case this country's in the midst of
a five-alarm political fire right now
and I think everybody's got to stand up
and I think especially family members do
Dave Gosar is liberal and hasn't spoken
much to Paul since 2010 when he first
ran for Congress he revealed to me that
he was a birther I was like are you
kidding me that discussion spiraled out
of control and I throw them off my
property and that's just absolutely you
without a doubt racism and it's
disgusting
after seeing cause comment about George
Soros Dave told us that he and some of
the congressman's siblings now feel
compelled to say something publicly
George Soros is one of those people that
actually helps him but you know back
these individuals who is he I think he's
from hungry I think he was Jewish and I
think he turned in his own people to the
Nazis to me he looked unhinged
that's Loney tone stuff we considered
him an absolute disgrace at this point
and it's hard to you to have to say that
against a family member
we've reached out to congressman Gosar
office for comment and we're still
waiting to hear back
don't fillet them in it well I kind of
like it
not for me who is it foster the people
are lovely like them I've heard them
today Donna to know like days ago she's
a bit jolly
it's a bit mad innit actually
it's like on a bad trip getting chased
by you know the big lady are Tom and
Jerry you know the only see the knees
off mm-hmm
they're on a really bad strip you're
running really slow but she's
coming at you with a frying pan that
kind of
so whether I go but I go don't die young
this is a bit scared of this music in it
my friend cycle so I might go Lane oh I
like his voice barn it's a bit scary in
it
it's moody in it he's that trickier
mother day I mean he's alright money I'm
not seen him for years mom but hey from
Bristol in that oh yeah he's voice you
got mad little voice good job my cell
likes it anything in case I see might
and then I gave up on for the coffee
 like meet Cindy soon enough yeah
get lar tales me
not for me mom anything particularly
don't like about it a lot of it Oliver
we ought to be telling you I wall
city lights nine lines feels like the
world's on fire
chasing minutes in the back of this cap
cap not for me Mike you want a comic I
need to go the toilet
that's vice news tonight for Wednesday
October 11th
you
