hi everyone I'm Katie hill and I am
ready to take out steam night in LA
County and one of the top seats in the
whole country for us to take back the
house Katie's a first-time candidate and
a lot of this is a relationship game
only real barometer is who's raising the
most money we are dialing for dollars
this is Katie hill the congressional
candidate endorsed by emily's list
running against Steve Knight hello cut
really nice probably how often I feel
like an asshole it's one of the biggest
surprises you know any one of these
debates can get a lot of attention I
know you went into the last one a little
bit says no no I would say that's a word
telling people oh paid for by Brian
Couture even from Congress Brian just
dropped his first very negative mailer
today are we now free to light his s up
we as women say that we support other
women but with democratic women brian is
feeding me by 20 points how am I gonna
not freak the out tonight ah when I
after like girl just hearing stream
this is just the beginning take a few
breaths and then we're getting right
back to work
thanks for stopping by
we'll be back I just had a nice chat
with swing left oh yeah yep we're gonna
wire their check to us how much - fifty
yeah no so I think we make payroll this
month two hundred and fifty K so it was
a good fun day today I see it oh well I
got another 40k coming from that climate
thing hello this is Katie this is Zach
with Katie hill for Congress it feels
surreal but we feel great now it's gonna
be quite the journey from here I think
you have to plan as though you're gonna
win so we've had at least sort of
tentative plans on how best to move
forward but I feel very excited but
definitely overwhelmed I have about 50
messages at least that I haven't respond
to or even looked at in some cases like
all these phone calls and voicemails
that I haven't gotten to several members
of Congress who have called I don't know
what they said on their voicemails and
about a bazillion press calls that we're
trying to get through so meanwhile we
have to get my animals back to my house
hey Graham okay how's it going yeah it's
a setup because I need you to do me a
really huge favorite I need you to go
get my dog didn't take her to the
groomer in my car and she might have
been sprayed by a skunk something I
gotta tell you but I'm not a legal
driver in Sin City California
what really yeah you just drove here uh
it's definitely a huge sense of relief
this is when it gets fun I
no more the petty like Democrat on
Democrat violence and you know like
poking each other and I now are going up
against the people who like the wind
changes in that we all keep doing it
it's a pretty incredible feeling to know
that we're advancing with it feels crazy
I think that we get to the end and I I
thought that we'd have like a breather
and then we started on the phones at
10:00 a.m. this morning thank you thank
you so much bye-bye a lot of phone calls
guys how many text message you had this
morning I haven't even gotten oh that
was like I don't even know who these
people are all the you know countless
individuals that you know refuse to get
involved in a primary and are like oh
you know call me and call me back in the
gentleman well that was that time we're
gonna call you you know people that you
know supported our opponents well now we
get to call him and say you have to
support Katie the name Democratic unity
and with a smile on her face
yeah Brian you've really gracious he
left me a very gracious voicemail said
good luck you his post his concession
post was was really nice and said that
he and Lisa are gonna spend the next
five months doing everything they can to
help defeat Steve Knight we have to
remember is that Steve Knight still got
more votes than the rest of the
Democrats combined there's a lot of
different reasons for that and it shows
us that this is going to be a tough
fight there's no rest for the wicked and
money don't grow on trees so the
a hundred dollars just came only we had
a gong so the biggest changes are we've
expanded our finance team we've brought
on I'm a deputy finance director the
sound last summer we raised 120 thousand
for the whole quarter over the course of
three months and that was considered a
very significant amount of money at the
time
we need to average that per week moving
forward sorry kitty needs to be clearing
at least six figures a week for the rest
of the campaign we want to hit about 1.3
million for this quarter
and we're getting close today but the
deadlines tonight itself yeah it's
midnight tonight Eastern Time so 9 p.m.
California's I'm holding up well you're
having a big day trying to make it a
bigger one we need to raise about
$20,000 in the next two hours it sounds
a little ambitious but I think you never
count on kitty Hill so any guess 1,000
2,750 400 it's not money it's 100 100
100 City
it's the Magic Hour Bradley M a thousand
yes bread yo Brad 20 minutes $10,000
Merrigan let's look all review the list
done done beautiful I love you Sheamus 3
2 1
woo always on time always on time
alright well we got what we got alright
let's see 1 million two hundred eighty
eight thousand four hundred twenty three
dollars yeah
lotta legged the reality is that if
you're going out of the district it's
just for money it's either that or
you're going to DC for the connections
that you have to have if there's coffee
at this thing
drink so what I did this week whole
bunch of labor meetings with different
unions fundraiser some member meetings
more member meetings being probably
we're at about 20-something meeting her
for the for the way this isn't it new
like there's never been a second of
downtime when I'm in DC I did have a
meeting canceled and I got an hour of
call time in today
this is the new space we were totally
crammed in the other place we're having
like 150 people come to these campuses
and we just had no more room to get them
in we have room for phone bankers we
have a couple bathrooms closet space
kitchen back there
excuse me Michelle sorry and you can
come up here and just get a good full
view of the whole space and see what's
going on and check it out and make sure
that everybody's doing their thing
what's up gang our tracker is here lots
of cameras
how's it goin a tracker is an individual
who follows around a candidate with a
camera and basically just waits for them
to say something that's gonna get them
in trouble most the time they don't but
every now and then they do and it
becomes a big story and then they
normally worries
look ad ho like campaign officers I get
hit up shake man hop on up on the
sidewalk we're gonna head inside
obviously if you would mind staying out
here and then
we have to come up with this new
infrastructure that like I'm very
committed to keeping my team on board
but the roles are gonna look different
Ben is moving into more of a pediment
overarching campaign role thank you so
much for coming to this we got this
space because we couldn't hold all of
these people in our other spot so we're
yes they are the ones that won this
election so I feel like that loyalty is
important and it is all because of this
person who makes this happen
get your packet I deal
so they started hearing if it's approved
and you get a TR o temporary restraining
order then the judge between cases has
to review it and approve or decline gang
you probably ought to leave you here
we're getting our restraining order on
somebody today there have been threats
to burning this place down to to my
staff but he'll take them up back and
they'll never come back and all kinds of
those sorts of things
so three days ago we got an armed
security guard because of the threats
that we're getting and we had somebody
who my neighbor caught cutting the fence
to get into our property wearing a ski
mask so now we're having to install like
this big old security system on our two
and a half acre property you can't help
but think about like the actual risk -
to me and to my team and you know I
think the Gabby Giffords thing is
something that plays out a lot there's
been striking similarities to this
person that we're having trouble with so
I'm I'm pretty pretty freaking scared
I bet you know what I'm wishing for we
just got back to Portugal that was nice
that's yeah it's not to go to Egypt so
we're like let's take advantage all I
know yeah I long for what you could be
doing a lot of traveling right but not
not so like the kind that you know you
actually took so happy days or that I'm
not nearly calendar right now I'm just
like I'm just like I can't think about
it they push it in a direction you're
done pretty much there's like four
events a day so okay I mean there's
content so are you back in the swing of
things at work Magnus ringing phones
remember it looks like to be a lawyer
nice right briefs going taking
depositions and saying okay here's the
you know this party life
good to see you all right cool
it's great to be here at the dchd kdl
office open congratulations to both you
if this week showed us anything is that
this president has to go yes for me this
was never about top Trump in the in the
beginning but more and more the further
we go it's like Jesus we have to do
something about this so it's literally
the fate of our country and of the world
and you don't get to stop like this
isn't about you you don't doesn't matter
how tired you are it doesn't matter how
much you like would rather be doing
anything else it's a lot if there's days
when you just aren't you're not you
don't want to do it hi John it's Katie
Hill I'm good how are you how are things
in Texas have you been following the
campaign we just got polling back
showing that we're dead even I want to
get a lot solid lead before November
that's for sure
so thanks so much I'll talk to you soon
bye he's gonna give $1,000 in case
you're wondering I also had a little bit
of a meltdown in the finance team
meeting today so you know just another
another great I think we can shop for
some sake why I'm being cuz then
Christopher where were we in the meeting
because they're not invited to the
meeting it's fine I basically was like
you guys do what I say and everything
sucks about being a candidate and that
was pretty much that was pretty much the
gist of man theme yeah they feel like I
don't actually commit to call time and
that I'm constantly trying to get out of
it and I don't agree with that
perception I still believe that the
relationship side of things is what
really drives the donations and that
doesn't mean always sitting in the call
room and it sometimes means driving to
West LA or to wherever and it's not
necessarily as efficient I'm feeling
increasingly managed
and having a bit of a hard time with it
and so it was not just it wasn't just
about the the finance stuff it was me
being like everyone stopped trying to
tell me what to do
so when is the next time we can vote
November 6 November that's the last one
right uh well hopefully now the last
whatever what I don't even know what
today is so Wednesday today is Wednesday
mm-hmm it's not like you get a day off
either no it's my show but these
fundraisers was like all these fancy
cars and I've got my like a very dirty
Chevy Cruzes like who's gonna take it
out taillight and pretty classy you feel
like you're in an alternate reality a
lot of the times with this campaign
stuff like I went from a year and a half
ago just being a regular person now I'm
like texting with members of Congress
all the time you're going to these
events at like places of incredible
wealth that I never would have set foot
in before it looks darker thank you
you're welcome
you know I see you more than any other
friends do you because I vote in
November see you later bye can we cut
these Kenny watch out yeah
jeez I think hitting on that point
working in you know we need we need like
we need a new kind of politician and
someone who is not beholding to partisan
politics special interest groups or big
money donors will you ask me things one
chunk at a time
sure today we were shooting videos that
can be used in the focus groups that
were about to do them next week
the focus groups are gonna talk to swing
voters they're gonna talk to
independence the goal was kind of to get
a lot of different things that can be
used what do people like about me and
what can we really kind of emphasize as
we get closer and closer to the election
so I think it's that Washington's broken
needs a public servants and then
immigration I think that's what's most
important that comes out of today yeah I
think why I'm running is like the the
number of young priority and I think
with immigration I know bill was gonna
write some stuff I think he might have
we can keep shooting more that if you
want what you feel like is a more
concise this is why I'm running video I
want to get a why I'm running video I
think we have that are you confident
that we have that as long as you're
understanding that what I'm saying is
that we're gonna do another why I'm
running but in a different outfit no our
blazer in shorts it's gonna be a new yes
we're doing a blazer yeah those things
the point of this is that it's for a
focus group and that focus groups react
to different things and so that's what
they're trying to understand do you like
Katie when she looks professional do you
like Katie when she looks casual I guess
I just feel like the Blazer seems very
out of place here I think we should
think about like what the absolute goals
are just beat okay how do you feel about
the government telling us what to do
with our bodies you don't want that for
these focus groups you don't wanna do a
video at all about people having access
to family planning no I'll talk about it
a little bit but that's not what are
your thoughts on women's rights if we're
unclear then why don't we not do it
we've all got this stuff that we want to
keep thrown in which is not helping you
know the man we need at least get the
question answered would you definitely
over thinking you're trying to make sure
to get things that they're saying mm-hmm
so just being you mm-hmm
if you need to come up with your own
question to do that then do it I think
that's part of why you're getting resist
and just hit it straight we need to make
sure that employers aren't impeding our
access to critical health care coverage
that no matter where you live you're
able to access women's health care and
the government should be supporting that
and it's as simple as that good enough
good enough please children stop man Oh
too many people that's him yeah welcome
to the Lancaster Chamber of Commerce
debate first we have incumbent
congressman Steve Knight and we have
Democratic challenger Katie Hill
congressman all right Katie first of all
I think that we have to make sure that
people who shouldn't own a gun can't get
their hands on a gun are you saying that
teachers should know together you're
interrupting me sir excuse me this is a
chance for people to see me standing
next to Steve Knight more people are
paying attention I think that there's
just more on the line I mean this is the
real deal no I pledge allegiance to the
flag of the United States of America one
nation under God indivisible with
liberty and justice for all
thank you
part of my step act is to make sure that
we put money into school safety that
would harden our doors make sure that
the teachers have a button there to lock
the doors down if something like this
happens thank you Steve
the vast majority of Americans believe
that we need to have sensible gun
regulations especially universal
background checks but we can't get that
passed through Congress and that's one
of the reasons that I have not never
will take money from the gun lobby
unlike congressman Knight and I look
forward to working on this issue in
Congress we have more jobs than we have
the people to fill them first time in
about 40 years that's happened 80
percent of the benefits from this tax
plan that are putting us in a 1.5
trillion dollar deficit over the next
ten years are being afforded to the
wealthiest 1% of people in this country
this tax cut is also bringing up our
economy four point two percent last
quarter middle-class workers including
so many here in our community are paying
the brunt of that we have a booming
economy people know that Congress last
year including Steve Knight voted to
take away health insurance from millions
of people including over 60,000 people
here in our own community without a plan
to replace it just wanted to see how you
thought the debate went one fine house
then tell me a little bit about how
you've been going I think it's going
great
I think that went about as well as it
could have
like literally could not have asked for
it to go better when we got it I think
it went well
as well as could go he didn't make any
major mistakes though so you know
there's that but I'm and then came back
here for a bus tour kickoff with Gavin
Newsom I think that it was actually
really significant that Gavin kicked off
his California bus tour here so you know
I'm grateful for that because it is
saying like well like the whole state
should be paying attention to this are
you picking too early is that a worry
we're not counting on anything we know
that this that it all boils down to how
hard we work over the next 57 days and
how many people were able to get to show
up to the polls on Election Day one of
you for stepping up and stepping in deep
most deport election
like she can come down to just a handful
of votes Christine I need you
our next governor needs you let's make
this happen you pretty quick can we
technologically grab hold of this car
that's spinning out of control
it's an engineering project of the
century the idea is to try to rebuild a
natural system with the least possible
intervention so we as a species have put
a carpet in so we as a species should be
taking it out we have to all find
somewhere else to live we should be
thinking of this you know as a war this
stuff is so terrifying because there are
nine billion lives at stake
you
