the entire country has been decimated we
may have to evacuate people from Barbuda
but in the meantime we will be sending
over top polling and different supplies
to at least keep an interim we will
review the situation and we'll make a
decision
two things happen the day after Prime
Minister Gaston Brown addressed the
people of Barbuda nearly every one of
the almost 2000 Barbuda pnes were forced
to evacuate and much of the rest of the
world learned that / Buddha exists the
less developed less glamorous sibling of
Antigua Barbuda was completely leveled
by Hurricane Emma for the first time in
300 years it was left uninhabited a week
later in New York City Prime Minister
Brown asked the United Nations to help
Barbie to prepare for a future in which
hurricanes like Emma were more frequent
all 14 Caribbean community countries
together produce less than 0.1 percent
of global emissions that's right less
than 0.1% we are the least of the
polluters but the largest of the
casualties
then Prime Minister Brown held a town
hall in the Bronx with expats to discuss
the recovery but they only wanted to
talk about one thing unlike Antigua
Barbuda has quirky rules about land
ownership that date back to the end of
slavery the laws which are unofficial
and unwritten stipulate that all Barbuda
and lamb is communally owned and to be
shared by all living Barbuda ng's
including those living in the bronx and
elsewhere in the world
over the years Antigua has become an
international destination for tourism
and foreign investment Barbuda meanwhile
has remained largely untouched because
that's how most barb utens wanted it but
Prime Minister Brown says it's
impossible to rebuild without some form
of privatization I'm saying right now
I'm not running no giant wealthy Island
over there can't continue that every my
year we have to find 30 million dollars
a cent over there to pay them and they
generate no income that is not
acceptable not in property taxes they
pay nothing we're saying to them you
cannot go forward in the 21st century
with that type of archaic system so I've
set it about billions we're gonna give
you a title so that you can borrow to
pay you homes you cannot expect to place
all of the burden on the government you
cannot expect a stable cap in hand to
the international community to beg money
to rebuild your homes you must carry
part of the burden do if a sense of how
much money you will need to rebuild
Barbuda not just to make as it was but
to rebuild in the way that it will need
to be in order to withstand future
storms
well the estimate has been in excess of
200 million I can only go piss and what
the officials that have said how much
have you managed to raise so far or just
over 30 clearly 20 million dollars just
beyond the means of our country you just
don't have the capacity to raise 200
million dollars even if you were to
borrow it will not be able to repay so
we even have limited borrowing capacity
without proper funding from the
international community or wealthy
foreign investors the rebuilding effort
has been going slowly instead of hiring
an experienced cleanup crew Barbuda has
been relying on a few dozen local
workers who travel three hours each day
to get to and from the island we are
separated in groups so this group on
decide that's what we're basically doing
right now we move with all the
Calvinists with material put him aside
then the vehicle will come ray Charles
has lived on Barbuda for almost 30 years
he's in charge of one of the cleanup
teams we are not good in to anybody
property okay so not even in the front
yards that's why you see stuff in the
front yard right by the street what's on
the street we're responsible
this is still just the cleanup phase the
first step in what's going to be a
daunting recovery process it's what
rebuilding looks like when a country
doesn't have enough money cow is king a
civil engineer with the Ministry of
Works and housing has been helping
survey the damage from my initial
assessment it looks as if probably you
would say about close to 65 percent of
the structures would definitely have to
be rebuilt like gutted completely redone
yeah completely
and it could be even higher how long do
you think it could take wealth years
years years to actually get back power
lines are down you're looking at what
lines have been ruptured you're looking
at the agriculture sector being
completely decimated that's like
starting afresh
you
