it's the point of society is actually to
have fun I've had really to struggle and
suffer this is a society in which
leisure is prioritized absolutely we're
here at Twin Oaks which is one of the
oldest intentional communities in the
United States today there are over 1,000
cooperative living situations registered
across the country although to avoid the
term commune with its Summer of Love
associations they prefer to be called
intentional communities here in Louisa
County Virginia
thanks to lack zonie laws and low taxes
a weird little cluster of communes has
sprung up in the heart of rural red
state America there are seven within an
hour of each other each with their own
philosophy and vibe apparently the
anarchists in acorn throw the best
parties Twin Oaks was founded in 1967 by
a group that included a tough-minded
decidedly unhit pious former secretary
named cat Kincaid
she and her co-founders were inspired by
a science-fiction novel called Walden 2
written by the infamous psychologist BF
Skinner it described in a gala terian
cooperative society most people found
this novel extremely dull and dense but
Kincaid and her crew loved it and when
they found out no such society existed
they created their own we're gonna meet
with Keenan Dakota who's lived here the
longest of anyone currently at Twin Oaks
we're hoping he can tell us a little bit
more about how this community functions
so everyone specialized their labor to
what they want to do what they're most
suited to do that's the best thing about
our system I like doing construction I
like fixing things and so I get to do
that Twin Oaks is an income sharing
community which is kind of like 100%
taxation when you move in you still keep
all your assets and debt as your own
then once you arrive you work around 40
hours a week both at Twin Oaks and
sometimes neighboring communities and in
return you get everything food housing
health care even a small monthly
allowance to spend on things like booze
smokes and chalk
but there's no boss telling people what
to do and when to do it
which means certain tougher gigs can
sometimes need extra incentives for
instance they've recently appointed a
tofu morale manager to boost the
happiness of the residents who spend
their days hauling bags of soybeans
Keenan is free to work however and
whenever he pleases because the
community actually makes good money they
generate six hundred thousand dollars a
year in profit from what have to be the
most stereotypical commune businesses
you could imagine tofu and hammocks
where do you sell the tofu we sell the
tofu to universities and to Whole Foods
sort of major buyers yeah apparently
Whole Foods is gonna start lowering
their prices so worried about that well
then we can't sell our tofu for as much
so you're not immune to the shocks of
the market
indeed no for over 30 years residents at
Twin Oaks produced every hammock sold in
Pier one Imports Kirstie Alley's
favorite purveyor of a reasonably priced
bedazzled pillows they no longer work
with Pier one the demand was too great
for their small labor force but they
still produce hammocks that go for
upwards of a hundred and twenty bucks a
pop is the chair shop this is where we
once we've milled the wood we put it
together and we sand it down we inspect
it and did you know how to do any of
this before you moved here mm-hmm that's
actually what my favorite parts about 20
X is like almost like a trade school
it's like you can come here and learn
like about like gardening or woodworking
or carpentry or animal husbandry or
taking care of kids like there's just
it's like and--let cooking like an
endless list of things that you can
learn and get better at and like if you
want to take with you back into the
world the average stay at Twin Oaks is
10 years and most residents don't seem
in a hurry to get back to the real world
my parents were you know go to school
get good grades get into college get a
job and a lot of millennial a lot of
people our age in the mainstream like
that's what they did
all their lives follow somebody else's
plan and that was one of the things that
I fell in love with the most early on
was the basically the lack of hire here
and then
a lot of jobs up until here that's you
know go through your grind and work up
the ladder and say all the right things
and all that bullshit's it's just a
beautiful thing when you're working
alongside people and not feeling like
you're on this lower rung what is like
dating and sex like in that comment
um I think there's a lot less focus on
monogamy in the comm unit is definitely
in the like mainstream which is actually
another reason that I want to live here
because I think there's a lot of
problems with Mogami what about a male
perspective when it comes to
relationships here they can be very
tough you can get into a relationship
and then when the relationship ends if
it's not on good terms you're stuck with
that person they're here and they're
ingrained in the life many might start
dating your best friend sometimes the
pool is exhausted and you're you're just
waiting for people to come around see if
there's an one clip with admission at
Twin Oaks is rolling to join prospective
members come for a three-week visiting
period and then give the community one
month to decide on their application the
criteria seems to be mostly if they vibe
with the rest of the community or not
Twin Oaks isn't looking to fill out some
survivalist dream team most people learn
all the skills they need to work on Twin
Oaks after they arrive Twin Oaks has
endured not just because of disciplined
work schedules and prudent spending but
because of their lucky partnerships with
corporate America without Pier one they
likely would have died out along with so
many other 1960s experiments in communal
living the great irony of residents
decision to opt out of mainstream
capitalism is that they didn't really
opt out at all they just participate in
a different way in the global war of
ideas capitalism is one
the other ideas have lost and so what
we're wrestling with in our global
culture is what brand of capitalism is
going to win Twin Oaks runs capitalist
business we sell our stuff out of the
mainstream market what we are doing is
taking the capitalist system and
providing more direct immediate control
oh isn't that fun
