tonight Kestner and the modern male
snooping on immigrant social media and
fighting syphilis with anime
President Trump has lifted the Jones Act
for 10 days which will allow
non-american ships to carry aid to
Puerto Rico but getting aid to the
island of 3.4 million people hasn't been
the biggest challenge post hurricane
Maria the problem is getting the
supplies out of the ports thousands of
containers filled with food water
medical and other supplies have been
sitting at the port of San Juan the
government says it's because of
devastated roads a lack of fuel and a
shortage of truckers but local
volunteers tell vice news that
governmental red tape is mainly to blame
for the holdup the Trump administration
wants to give preferential treatment to
refugees who will likely achieve quote
successful assimilation upon coming to
America
according to a report obtained by Vice
news the report to Congress isn't public
yet but it's part of the White House
proposal to drastically slash the number
of refugees admitted to the United
States to 45,000 the lowest cap on
annual refugee admissions in modern
history the Democratic staffer who
leaked the report to Vice and wasn't
authorized to speak on the record said
quote of course we want to help refugees
assimilate when they are here but that's
different from having to demonstrate
that on your application
the Chinese government has ordered North
Korean owned businesses in the country
to close by early January as part of the
latest UN sanctions meant to keep
foreign money from flowing to the Hermit
Kingdom China is North Korea's main
trading partner but China's foreign
ministry said ultimately it's not on
them to deescalate tensions around Kim
Jong Un's missile program representative
Steve Scalise returned to Capitol Hill
today for the first time since he was
shot in June when a gunman targeted
Republicans at a congressional baseball
team practice this is the place where
these ideas are supposed to be debated
and we fight through those issues but
ultimately we come together
Hugh Hefner launched playboy in 1953 on
what the time seemed a bold premise but
the post-war American male didn't need a
steady job and a home making wife to be
fulfilled glad you could join us this
evening what he really needed was cool
clothes a cocktail shaker and an
openness to the world around him part of
the Playboy philosophy was an embrace of
the bachelor lifestyle a rejection of
the suburban baby boom life that
dominated in the 1950s but the real
promise of the playboy brand was sex the
worldliness and the finely appointed
bachelor pad went hand in hand with
sexual conquest and playboy suggested
that the modern woman should be
receptive the kind of culturally
enforced willingness that we now
recognize as a form of coercion in the
pages of his magazine Hefner positioned
the naked centerfolds is a perfectly
acceptable part of a man's cultural
consumption voyeurism is a-- is a
healthy participatory activity the world
should look at the world but he opened
the door to legions of competitors who
focused on the smut and dispensed with
the intellectual trappings by the 90s
playboy had lost its relevance he was no
longer credible as a serious magazine in
the idea of reading it for the articles
had become a punchline as a girlfriend
I'm extremely
but his circulation dried up Hefner
lived on puttering around the Playboy
Mansion as the TV cameras rolled on his
relationship with a rotating cast of
resident models in the end he became a
caricature of the swinging 60s fantasy
he created he never backed away from its
ideals and he never apologized for what
he stood for but what his legacy means
is still up for debate Playboy each
month in his magazine gave the solitary
male there's some salesmen on the road
some st. Louis Holiday Inn here buys a
playboy and he masturbates to miss July
and he has the feeling that mr. Eli is
all his for that's 9 seconds of he
masturbates what the magazine said about
itself and in Hefner's columns as
publisher was on freeing men freeing men
from women dependent women that his wife
says he saw it was working you know I
loved it the way they called parasites
his reputation of course is that of a
frolicsome freedom fornicating figure
with a lot of women I don't think he
hated women I don't think he was
misogynistic already objectified them
for sure pretty women anyway I think he
was in sympathy with the ideas of the
feminist movement when they came along
and I thought we the feminist movement
had started the sexual revolution the
sexual revolution who came out of a real
protest in the 1960s you had music and
you had a little poet poetry and you had
protesters and you had radicals and you
had playboy in there
Playboy's legacy for men
is somewhat different women like myself
looked at the magazines Oh what is this
you know all this tits and ass Playboy
was the greatest creator of orgasms in
the history of creations men looked into
uh freedom I can have all this you know
if I live like Hugh you say it's Kepner
corner but pornographer eye is that girl
who is it a pornographer Abby what man
is not a kind of masturbator I mean who
is it the masturbator let's see well
this is the hard question though is you
know do we rage Hugh Hefner is making a
positive contribution to society or not
is the world better having payment of
course it is I would have to say it's
very ambiguous now I know that Susan
brown Miller feels that they were
objectified of course Gloria Steinem and
others would agree the immediate visual
images in his magazine reinforced the
idea of women as things but I think we
make too much of that women have choice
we didn't want anyone telling us what to
do how to dress how to behave you know
on account of our genitals and he didn't
want that either
my his magazine was a great parcel of
choice it's hard to say I don't know
what st. Peter is gonna say when you
have no gets to him
Health Secretary Tom Price apologized
today for taking a series of flights on
private jets and sticking taxpayers with
the bill we're gonna we're gonna work
through this and as I think we've still
got the confidence of the president but
the biggest question isn't whether Trump
will fire price it's why politicians
keep making a very old mistake misusing
private transportation when your
government official is objectively a
very dumb thing to do
you're gonna get caught and it's going
to be a bad look and it happens a lot
more than you might expect
in 1994 David Watkins was a close buddy
of President Bill Clinton with a cushy
job as director of White House
administration but then he used the
government helicopter on a golf trip the
cost thirteen thousand one hundred and
twenty nine dollars or twenty one
thousand eight hundred fifty three
dollars in today's money mr. Watkins has
resigned and the taxpayers will be fully
reimbursed in 1991 John Sununu was the
White House chief of staff to President
George HW Bush but they took a
government limousine from Washington to
New York City to attend a rare stamp
auction eventually Bush fired him or as
we call it in Washington accepted his
resignation in the current
administration no fewer than three top
officials are currently having to answer
tough questions about private planes and
that brings us to this guy what I want
to say that the speech
don't you fly over our country in your
luxury jet and lecture us on what it
means to be an American don't you tell
us about America that was Tom Price the
current Secretary of Health and Human
Services back in 2010 he was talking
about a government jet that Nancy Pelosi
got to use because she was House Speaker
now he's saying he'll pay the u.s.
treasury back fifty one thousand eight
hundred and eighty seven dollars and
thirty one cents for his seat on private
planes estimated to cost four hundred
thousand dollars to operate why is this
happening again what are these
politicians thinking I wanted to ask
Jack Abramoff about this he's probably
the most famous convicted influence
peddler in American history and he's an
expert in politicians being seduced by
free stuff but Jack had the flu so he
told me to call Craig Holman a longtime
government watchdog at Public Citizen
Craig sees a pattern in the current
administration Donald Trump has set a
whole tone of for his administration in
which conflict of interest rules and
ethics don't really matter he believes
he can't be corrupted with conflicts of
interest he's brought in an
administration who pretty much view it
the same way and it's just carried the
tone all the way through the Trump
administration
so you're basically thinking that all
these guys Lima and private planes on
government money in the traffic
ministration are gonna keep their jobs
in most cases the real enforcement
authority of the times that we win is
when the voters step up to the plate and
say enough and we're no longer going to
have you represent us in Congress or in
the White House that's when we win when
if the voters remain you know
uninterested in aren't mobilized then
and then we do not wait
the Kurdish Electoral Commission has
announced the official results of
Monday's referendum as expected huge
majorities voted in favor of an
independent Kurdish state Iraq central
government is staunchly opposed to an
autonomous Kurdistan and says it won't
even open negotiations about
independence but the Kurds have a major
bargaining chip after the fight to drive
Isis out of the country they now control
huge swaths of territory that Baghdad
wants and for the six million Kurds
living in northern Iraq a self-governing
state is a promise whose time has come
to the vast majority of Iraq Scottish
people the independence referendum was a
crucial moment in their struggle for
self-determination
there's also been radix lightly held
across the Kurdish region
dusty Aziz has lived in the Iraqi
Kurdish capital all his life he said the
vote was a historic moment asana day
women ostia works in the markets around
the city's ancient citadel for the past
27 years he sold weapons and fixed them
to the Kurdish Peshmerga fighters pilot
mechanic didn't reckon on seed or scope
and NASA surpluses was busy naira
but whereas burns are the king nor
morality of the floods that I can't even
hear what's on show it's Christina I go
right now not on be needed she doors
close dr. sister Anna why is it
important that the Kaddish people have
their own independent country away from
the Iraqi government Murphy bishop the
continued some desire but the design is
durable has a local Ginetta become a bid
in the southern Valley like bahai
kuzniak understand Sara Deever Saddam
Hussein in the destiny gamma mu Mundi
matara Ancaster Chandra Hyun tyrannical
yoga Manu cruciate Metropolitan State
Qadir Olmos I die by the assessment see
I knew there are some people who say
that Kurdish people do have the right to
hold a referendum on independence but
now is not the right time because of the
instability in the region known as
junior grand gesture I was talking about
the game
Sandeen Sharma and attending that but
they Ramadi a hundred and over the stock
edenia
Louis also has been receiving $1 but not
everyone thinks independence is such a
simple issue since the start of the ISIS
insurgency in 2014 the Kurds have
increased the territory they controlled
by around 40% one of their most
significant gains with the oil-rich city
of Kirkuk Kurdish Peshmerga fighters
took control of the city after Iraqi
troops abandoned their posts but the
central Iraqi government still claims
the area viewed the decision to hold the
referendum in Kirkuk and other disputed
territories as a move to consolidate
Kurdish control of land and oil wells
making matters more complex ko cookies
ethnically diverse unlike some of the
other areas under kurdish-controlled
it's the plan but other locals who were
too afraid to speak on camera told vice
news that they feared a rise in
sectarian violence but Hana lassi is a
Kirkuk city councillor and Sunni tribal
leader he said Kirkuk should never have
been included in the referendum place on
behalf of a kurdistani of what a loser
levels would be here half of Iowa State
and tell me Ella and her kumarila bhatta
water
elfin or vataj lemon Akuma and cruelty
half of italic Kirkuk shift to sharpen
our ability motor home Videl fewer
wabash nazarone hava Thurman has been
empathy on Saddam in olá pessoal natok
- attention
Mustafa Valley Auto Philip Sania Ottoman
hallelu commodity Hadi or Allah or
dually a neocon Hanukkah or
oh hi the red heifer a lemon holistic
origin of the s coats will not lead to
an immediate Declaration of Independence
but the Kurdish government's hoped he
would give them a stronger hand when
negotiating independence and territories
with buff dirt the Iraqi government's
says there'll be no negotiations and
it's pressuring the regional government
to cancel the results or face sanctions
in case my off-brand New Jersey accent
didn't give it away already I'm an
immigrant and as of October 18 the
Department of Homeland Security is
officially going to be snooping around
my social media accounts all in the name
of protecting the homeland in a rule
published this month DHS announced that
the government is going to be all over
my Twitter Instagram and Facebook
accounts and be able to keep that data
in something called an alien file or an
a file for short the rule effects green
card holders are the legal immigrants
and even naturalized citizens and while
this is public data collecting and
storing it could have chilling effects
as Adam Schwartz for senior staff
attorney at digital rights group
Electronic Frontier Foundation explains
the announcement that all of the social
media monitoring being kept for an
indefinite period of time and being used
against immigrants and all kinds of
situations in the future is very
troubling this surveillance policy means
that the DHS ASO has access to my online
search results an amorphous tan that
Schwartz says isn't legally defined of
course immigrants are used to the
government getting up in our business to
get my green card I was subject to
rigorous background checks blood tests
and even a gynecological inspection to
make sure I was in tip-top condition to
come live work and pay taxes here in the
US but this change won't just affect
immigrants like me plain old-fashioned
US citizens are going to be impacted to
anybody who communicates in social media
with an immigrant is potentially going
to have their communications vacuumed up
and so not only are immigrants
potentially going to refrain from
speaking in social media but US citizens
might refrain from speaking on social
media with immigrants this isn't a new
Trump administration idea if policy that
started brewing under President Obama
back into
2012 programs of gathering social media
information about foreign visitors began
under the last president for example
people from Visa Waiver programs were
being asked for their source of media
information but it expanded under the
new president first two people from
China and now more worldwide when we
spoke to DHS they stressed that this
policy is all part of a bid to be more
transparent about what data they're
collecting the trouble is we still don't
have any idea why they're collecting
this data if this social media
monitoring is continuous and how
effective documenting people's Instagram
food pics and selfies is to counter
potential homeland security threats the
Centers for Disease Control announced
this week STD rates in the US have
reached their highest since recording
began in cases of syphilis jumped nearly
18 percent last year alone syphilis has
been spiking in Japan as well and the
Japanese government has enlisted a
powerful ally in its awareness campaign
Sailor Moon
one of the most popular anime characters
ever created
Japan is currently going through a
syphilis outbreak the number of people
infected hasn't been this high since
1974 and in the last three years alone
the infection rate has quadrupled the
government says they're not quite sure
what's causing it
but they are sure of one thing the rate
of young woman contracting syphilis is
exploding this left Japan's Ministry of
Health Labor and Welfare with the
challenge how do you get young women to
get tested two years ago the Ministry of
Health started making posters to appeal
to women but they didn't work so they
decided to bring in the big guns
a full-on Sailor Moon assault Sailor
Moon is now printed out on 5000 posters
160,000 flyers and 60,000 condoms which
we distributed for free by the
government all over Japan Kazunori
asanuma the director of tuberculosis and
infectious diseases at the Ministry of
Health says you can't underestimate the
cultural importance of Sailor Moon
humanity no you don't thinking you know
it is una ventaja de mostest I want to
understand war ii o OC element in
refugees named addicted to our character
Tatiana's - ee detected a serum jihad in
America I eliminated supposedly eternal
a character that a man'll fatal 2010 or
my donor LGBT - Sunni a provider cheetah
tiger' internal calculate the reason the
whole thing works is because of the
catchphrase
kid I told you oh yeah I could even if I
could populate picado topicality but
actually it's not ripped off the
original creator Sailor Moon who happens
to be a former pharmacist herself
encouraged them to use it but that
doesn't mean that everyone in Japan is
happy about this ad campaign on social
media some people have complained that
associating Sailor Moon with an STD is
defiling their childhood heroine but dr.
Ikuma says that's just evidence of
people being closed-minded about sex
the Japanese government seems so
confident in this campaign that they're
even using the same method with other
anime characters they printed up
thousands of posters featuring a robot
anime character in hopes of getting
people to get tested for measles when
they travel abroad but nobody's quite
sure if this is gonna work
cubical episode kiyosaki AKA nice to
give as a service all hatred
that's vice news tonight for Thursday
September 28th tune in tomorrow night
for the award-winning documentary series
vice paseo de ikita completely done
Americans like us practically did but
it's its reputation so no mercy
basically we set up wireless access
points and we made it look like it was a
hotel Wi-Fi and so when you connected to
it everything you entered in there like
your last name you're a rule number we
basically collected that then with that
we were able to gain access to the room
where we installed some hidden cameras
is there any personal information of
mine that you couldn't have gotten
access to if someone wants to hack you
they're gonna be able to
you
