the Kurdish Electoral Commission has
announced the official results of
Monday's referendum as expected huge
majorities voted in favor of an
independent Kurdish state Iraq central
government is staunchly opposed to an
autonomous Kurdistan and says it won't
even open negotiations about
independence but the Kurds have a major
bargaining chip after the fight to drive
Isis out of the country they now control
huge swaths of territory that Baghdad
wants and for the six million Kurds
living in northern Iraq a self-governing
state is a promise whose time has come
for the vast majority of Iraq's Kurdish
people the independence referendum was a
crucial moment in their struggle for
self-determination
there's also been ratified days held
across the Kurdish region
Garcia Aziz has lived in the Iraqi
Kurdish capital all his life he said the
vote was a historic moments before she
was mo 2,000 a day Ostia works in the
markets around the city's ancient
citadel for the past 27 years he sold
weapons and fixed them for the Kurdish
Peshmerga fighters pilot mechanic
deserve a carotid or scope analysis was
busy nayana when a star the Kino lure
allative the floods that I can't even
hear what's on show it's Christina I go
right now not happy neither she doors
close sister sister Anna why is it
important that the Kurdish people have
their own independent country away from
the Iraqi government Murphy pshemek
achieve something started but the design
is your IRA brother-in-law hoodie that
have a new team which became a bid in
the southern Valley like bahai kaznia no
Kurdistan is aiready bestowed on senior
in the destiny gamma mu windy Matata and
canister Chandra Hyun tyrannical yoga
Marek do cruciate net efficiency Acadia
Armas I died by this machine there are
some people who say that Kurdish people
do have the right to hold a referendum
on independence but now is not the right
time because of the instability in the
region known as junior dredger I was
touched on about how could you rod again
Sandeen Sharma and attending that but
they remarried a hundred and over the
stock edenia Louis also has been
receiving $1 but not everyone thinks
independence is such a simple issue
since the start of the ISIS insurgency
in 2014 the Kurds have increased the
territory they controlled by around 40%
one of their most significant gains with
the oil-rich city of Kirkuk Kurdish
Peshmerga fighters took control of the
city after Iraqi troops abandoned their
posts but the central Iraqi government
still claims the area viewed the
decision to hold the referendum in
Kirkuk and other disputed territories as
a move to consolidate Kurdish control of
land and oil wells
making matters more complex ko cookies
ethnically diverse unlike some of the
other areas under Kurdish control but
other locals who were too afraid to
speak on camera told vice news that they
feared a rise in sectarian violence but
Hana lassi is a Kirkuk city councilor
and Sunni tribal leader he said Kirkuk
should never have been included in the
referendum place on behalf of a
kurdistani of what I would limit would
be here half of Iraqi attend to me illa
and her former we love all that water
inferno Armitage lemon
Akuma al Kurdi half Obatala Kirkuk shift
to sharpen our ability motor home battle
elfin or wabash nazarone ahadith augment
his be empathy on saddam Enola Basin
Authority n xiushan Mustafa Vlado
believe Sonia Ottoman Allah equality
Hadi or Allah or dually a neocon Hinata
/ Mahadeva a lemon holistically the s
folks will not lead to an immediate
declaration of independence but the
Kurdish government hoped it would give
them a stronger hand when negotiating
independence and territories with buff
that the Iraqi government says there'll
be no negotiations and it's pressuring
the regional government to cancel the
results or face sanctions
you
