so we are walking into the sea for us
right now with our pals from the Ugandan
virus Research Institute we are going to
set up some insect traps and discover
new viruses this tower is today which
mosquitoes bite at different levels you
can see those extensions they could put
a monkey in a cage and then mosquitoes
come and babies and wasps the aim was to
study here Aviva transmission but in the
process they
these live bird markets are prevalent
throughout the developing world and the
tight quarters that these animals are in
make it very easy for pathogens and
infectious disease to spread of animals
to humans almost 70% of human infections
actually come from animals there is a
high concentration of poultry from
different regions where they exposed and
come in with different depictions with
the population increases in these
countries should the world be afraid of
crazy bird flu pandemic at a level that
we've never seen people for now the
major threat actually is those diseases
that we are unable to take deadly
airborne virus is potentially at
nightmare scenario so why created to
prove that the h5n1 bird flu virus could
acquire the traits of becoming ever more
transmissible what we did in the lab was
nothing different from what is happening
in animals around the globe everything
through pandemics happen every 20-30
years without any involvement of
scientists mad scientist or boots on
you
