New York Fashion Week came to a close
today and while most of the focus was on
the runways in the front rows there was
also room for less famous people
provided they were willing to do the
unfashionable thing wake up early I
would describe myself as a crazy fashion
fan if you want to know what's gonna be
all out in the coming months you go to
New York Fashion Week to know how to
make a statement so this is going to be
my first outfit I'm wearing Alexander
Wang in both outfits
so when my mom found out that I want to
wake up at 4 a.m. to go to Fashion Week
show she was like um okay that's kind of
crazy but if you think you'll be able to
get in then do it I thought it was just
like a crazy fashion person out of my
friends they're like oh my god no we
want to go yesterday while I was sitting
in drawing class I got a notification
post from Alexander Wang the first 100
people to line up at the Alexander Wang
NYC flagship store tomorrow morning will
receive a wristband to attend Saturday
night's wank fest
hello last thing that my friend texted
me is that there's 95 people in line he
said to Harry okay I mean I think you
get here and you're already really
excited then you wait in line with
everyone who's also excited and just
like builds you up and you like all kind
of like hype each other up this fashion
show is like almost like an art
installation by your favorite artist
like you want to go and have the chance
to see it
so I feel like people that are
passionate about that should get first
dibs inside people that I just want to
buy ticket
where's the people the starts in less
than 10 minutes
Hey right now we're an Astor Place which
was kept a secret up until around 5:00
yeah
New York Fashion Week is all about
standing waiting in line being hungry
and most of all confused
oh my god I was like a scene from a
movie okay it was worth everything
you
