in the Philippines president rodrigo
duterte is ramping up his all-out
extermination campaign against drug
offenders you are free to kill the
idiots the past two weeks have been the
deadliest of the year-long war with over
90 people killed in one three day span
32 of them in a single raid the public
has been largely supportive of de terras
ruthless methods but after the police
killing of high school student Keon de
dos Santos that may be Nerine
at a mobile boy fashionable bunny growl
kyun was 17 when he was shot in the head
during a drug bust one of more than
12,000 now killed by police or
vigilantes according to human rights
groups
police said the boy was a drug runner
and that they fired only after he pulled
a weapon but this security cam footage
appears to show officers dragging the
boy into an alley before his death
eyewitnesses claimed he begged to go
home saying he had to get to school for
a test the next morning the footage is
the first piece of public evidence of
police misconduct in the drug war
forcing even duterte to acknowledge that
possibility
he met with kion's parents on Monday
reportedly promising them justice the
next day the parents asked the Justice
Department for witness protection
the three officers are facing official
murder complaints and the Senate has
launched an unprecedented inquiry into
the case and the National Police the
purpose of this investigation is to find
out why these are conscious behind the
feeling of bein not worth the kiya
autopsy reports presented at the hearing
indicate kyon was shot from above and
now the officers accounts and begun to
shift me when illegal import all about a
senator from the opposition party Risa
hantavirus says three eyewitnesses to
the killing have also sought protection
directly from her fearful of law
enforcement officials who knows how many
more kion's fell during the night but
we're not recorded in their last moments
by a CCTV video or did not have brave
witnesses such as ski and young friends
ah ha ha ah da da copied by the
Louisville sasame
really meet Paula chameleon I mean
mahogany 6 kilometers it since Amica
moominpappa
more than a thousand people joined the
funeral procession through calculus city
turning it into one of the largest
protests so far against the charity's
drug war right now many Filipinos still
believe that this is just a remote
incident and a collateral damage but
it's not human lives of our people were
being involved in at stake
