yes lose that hey guys I'm Keegan I'm
Sam and we are the red kitchen welcome
back to our Channel
in today's video we are going after Eric
/ gymnastics with our nephew hated
hey guys this is Hayden and he's out
oldest nephew so Hayden how old are you
two and a half so Hayden will be three
in December and we're really excited to
teach Hayden's I'm Cree tricks today he
doesn't he has no idea so we are
basically just going to show him some
tricks or dance through and he's gonna
try and copy us basically yeah well
we'll see if he does okay so guys before
we get on with the video be sure to
subscribe if you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up yeah and don't
forget guys to click that grave owl next
to the subscribe button see you are
notified every time a person video and
be sure to follow us on all our social
media so you guys stay up to date and if
you really like this video press the
share button
the other one and then ready on sent you
go hold your legs one two three yay I
can't do anything better than you
okay now we are going to try and get
hiding to crawl under us while we have
poison event match let me place for
these causes are two tunnels up
you're good at that so guys that's the
end of this week's video we really hope
you enjoyed meeting our nephew Haven
thanks for being a special guest an
outfit here today hey yeah did you have
fun yes good
do you like acrobats yeah do you like
dancing
what gymnastics as well yoga playing the
trumpet remember guys we also posted on
squared every single Monday and we post
on our channel every Thursday so see you
guys next Thursday
