hey guys
fine tea I'm Sam and we up the rig
kitchens welcome back to my channel
now before we get on with anything to do
with Dance Moms we just want to thank
band for sponsoring this week's video
now Bend is an app that you download for
free on your mobile and it's perfect for
anybody who's involved in a group or a
club soccer team footy team gymnastics
team basically anything you even have
one for your family yeah it just makes
communication between everyone in that
group really easy so this app has really
powerful features such as polls you can
and event with your calendar you can
share photos and videos which is so
convenient for us in the dancer yeah so
you no longer have to use text or email
or five different apps it's all in the
one spot yeah which makes it so much
easier also guys Ben is actually doing a
giveaway and it's a two hundred and
fifty thousand dollar prize pool and
they're doing it to support 2019 teams
to enter all you have to do is join the
app create a band and invite five people
so guys if you are part of some sort of
group or organization we recommend
downloading the bed app to help you out
we'll leave it in the description box
below we can download it for free thank
you so much again to 'bad for sponsoring
this in here so guys today we're going
to share with you everything and all our
adventures to do with their phones
before we get on with the video though
be sure to subscribe if you happen early
and give it a big thumbs up if you liked
it and don't forget guys to click that
gray mail next to the subscribe button
see you guys and notified every time I
post a video and follow us on all the
social media and if you really like this
video press the share button so we're
going to start from the very beginning
so we were actually introduced to Dance
Moms by a friend and we were upset ever
since the first episode of Dance Moms
we were vote is like the most popular
show even here they didn't dance what we
said oh you know that show dance also
like I know that shows I'm like really
you may see see bring up danceOn sanema
and them my dog could have figured that
out faster your opinion means nothing so
just like anyone after you see someone
on TV wake after week like you fall in
love with them and as you let me just
run into me
Abby Lee Miller so bad like me I mean
yeah we even I like perform in front of
Abby and be critiqued by her because we
were like she just knows so much about
dance and I'm just like how cool would
it be to perform in front of a bunch of
fake had always comes down the
straightening your knees
so anyway watched Dance Moms for the
first three seasons so three years went
by then they announced that they were
actually coming down under and doing a
massive Australian tour and Lulu so
excited so obviously we bought tickets
so then we found out the date so they
were home to Perth we were actually
going to Melbourne
so we attended being a little bit
three years on TV and justice
so basically they did a master class
where we all warmed up together and then
heat two people in there as well
yeah the room it was like a massive
ballroom and it was completely packed ya
know it's like not a spot like when
we're all warming up we'll like so close
to each other's crazy
Gianna taught us all the jams and we had
to learn it really fast they gave you a
chance to improv at the end and so we
just like weed out all our fruit tricks
because this maths class was kind of
like a mock audition we got chosen by
Miss Abbey in moonlight which was like
the best thing ever that point because
it's Josiah yeah that was really cool
yeah chosen out of that group the rear
in and and then we got to go up on stage
and stand next to like a madyun Mirren
whoever was up on the stage at the time
we made it through to like the next
couple around and that so the group was
getting really small by this point and
we made it through the round where we
actually had to sing yeah all the sudden
she just brings up Abby brings over
microphone and I was standing on the end
of the line she was like um one thing to
dance but you must be able to sing as
well and like Tegan and everything but
whatever and I was first in line and she
handed me the Micron's I had just seen
in front of her parents were in there
and all her students and there were so
many people are all so good around the
room and then yeah everyone just
listening to me just casually sing in
front of them I don't know how you
thought of song because I'm good in line
up something and while Sam was singing
first of all it's shock but I was like
oh my god and then I honestly I just
froze I could not think of a song
and you never seen that much like I
sound like full lines or something she
was all but yeah so she made it okay yes
I think you've been around and so then
when it came to me our chef took the my
friend and I was like what I do what I
do and so I just started singing happy
birthday
whatever but like that I you learn from
that as well yeah but at least I just
didn't say Oh like a copy of song way
yeah that's what I didn't want to say
you're gonna like you didn't you didn't
say you weren't gonna sing cuz obviously
they were here yeah there you got a few
people who group though like we used to
sing so that straightaway they got out
so anyway I unfortunately got knocked
out in that round and then buddy found
it through to the next round and the
next round was to show a side area
yeah I'm sorry hey that was good you
made it through mm and then the next
round was um she came through and she
asked people what the ages were at that
point we were 17 and I said 17 she was
like two old bye okay yeah so that's
where him batting that round she said if
you ever asked that question you should
say what age would you like yeah what
I'd hoped you liked me B so we learnt
quite a bit from that master class that
we did so anyway after the master class
um was the photo / like meetin great
things or we may not win out here uh
Sammy actually attended the master class
with Matty because there was so many
people in there were lining up with
quite a few hours so we had heaps of
time to chill muck around and like get
to know people who were lining up with
us
but anyway when it came to ask because
we were quite close to the end everyone
kind of had left the ER then and so we
were just hanging around the - Ian she
had said to her oh come backstage after
cuz we were with actually we got to
actually went which was some backstage
with her as well so we actually got to
go in a room and it was just the dance
my girls and I belong in - with mums and
there's that I love meeting their mums
cuz again it's like another character
off the show or like another person off
the show it's just so cool to see my
wife yeah that was pretty cool
and I'd also in there at that point in
then I became easier when I became it's
really nice she talked to us she asked
us like what's our background made me
dance who teaches us and we told him
that our mum helps us out a lot like
she's our critique session for them and
yes she really wanted to meet our
markers or our coaches I who coaches he
liked ways of coach so she's like I
really want to meet her
and so I mom was sitting outside at the
time so we had to run back and grab her
and we showed her our Australia's Got
Talent video because she wanted to see
like what we've done and she was just
very complimentary and very nice it was
an amazing time I was just like the
whole time well is this really happening
the cherry on top to the yeah amazing
day my career on such a high room we
actually walked all the way home from
being a plain food justice of hamlet
let's just yeah always like well because
we had so much to talk about
like the day and what happened so it was
a really awesome day man actually being
home for when they attended the Perth
event and we miss our merch from the
Melbourne event so we decided to go to
the event just to get merged yeah just
like really want a bench like yeah got
it
everyone loves match do you guys want
match I we were just casually looking at
the merch table and then Abby was she
spotted us and she came up to us and she
hugged us and she said hi girl and I was
like I'm sorry I remember amendment
Austin I'll sprinkle okay so the next
experience was 2015 so the year after
where they announced they were coming
back down under to do a massive to her
again but this time it was actually like
a competition
now you could perform for Abby and she
would critique you or whatever
and so we're like oh my god I'm so
excited yes yes for some reason this
time around they didn't come to Perth at
all but we were like we're not missing
out on this so I ended up flying to
Adelaide and then a couple of days
before we were flying out to Adelaide we
got a notification or an email to say
that the event had been cancelled for
some reason yeah they had other events
running rather than the car even though
we've done the most coffee before we
still thought no let me like Japan food
we do really will learn new things and
we cooked up a lot so I liked it let's
go so we get to the event in a delay and
there was a massive blue line out from
the building and I'm just lining up and
then all of a sudden we can hear the
crowd like start screaming and like a
Mexican life like what's going on kind
of things we see this car drive past and
it has the window down it was girls who
like Randy widen to ever on lining up so
like everyone was going and crazy and
just like really excited to see them and
then out of nowhere Maddie just comes up
to him and I like she spots us in the
crowd and she comes off and she says hey
you remember
and then she quickly run up by her to
remember even spot us in the crowd yeah
how many people learning on people
running the event had then told us that
the master class was going to be
slightly different this time so this
time if you got into a car my first top
ten I think was the top ten you got to
perform almost I work solo Abby spotted
us in the line to take a photo with her
and she was she was so excited to see
how they were like oh my god like she
remembers like I feel like how he's
friend I was like yeah suitable Kalani
was there and she wasn't there for the
other master class so this is the first
time we got to meet Kalani to this
awesome
and then I remember the girls joking
around me like yeah this is Kalani you
know in Kalani she's no your friend I
was like oh yeah it's so nice
and then it was time for the master
class and it was kind of similar to the
beautiful
except this time she this time I was
prepared to sing and I owe ya I remember
taking light blue light on the plane
over team kept like going over the web's
of like the same song over and over and
I was oh yeah because I I didn't really
make the same mistake again I was like
if I make it to background I'm not gonna
sing our thing and we have that on video
but I don't know we're not sure
bad things like that he gave it a go so
even if he sounded absolutely awful well
returned it at least you were willing to
stand up there and sing in front of him
give it a go she wants to know that
you're willing to give up for anything
which i think is awesome to teach anyone
it's like yeah who cares
have a go you know yeah so that was
really nerve-wracking but anyway after
that then we had to learn a ballet combo
which lucky we do ballet so I remember
being tough like you know she didn't um
show what it was she doesn't use the
correct terminology and he had to know
yeah and also because AB is obviously
very technical and loves technique so a
few people did get cut from that round
but we were lucky enough to make it
through to the next round
who then told that okay girls you now
have to prepare a solo that boast one
minute only we have about I don't know
how long but all the girls were judges
as well so you have everyone in the room
who was a part of maths class stood
there watching and then he had a panel
of all the girls watching and then a B
as well and they will critique to you
one by one after you guessed and the
girls did such an amazing job at like
critiquing those so confident these
terminology like Abby and Evan linked
all that feels well yeah and even
Mackenzie she was so young at the time
but she liked narrative I was so nervous
for this all of it so excited at the
same time because like we said you know
something we always wanted to do yeah to
be critiqued by Abby would just be like
the best thing ever
we actually thought like that happen
any announced that this is actually
going to be like a national competition
yes I will like that Adelaide winners
she now said she was gonna take us girls
to Melbourne then the next weekend to
compete in Abby's ultimate Australian
tour dance competition which was a take
her from her us Abby's ultimate dance
competition which we also watch then we
found out that this will all be filmed
next week and that would be on danceOn
so the craziest thing ever we just could
not believe that we were going to be on
an episode of Dance Moms sigh after all
that time watching Whitehall my girls
like we're actually gonna be on Dance
Moms like
if you want to find out who won Abby's
ultimate Australian - dancer or to see
if we made it onto an episode of Dance
Moms part two will be uploaded tomorrow
so tune in for that if you're watching
this in the future the link will be in
the description box below
or somewhere on the screen we really
hope you guys remember we placed on is
good every single Monday and we posted
on our channel every Thursday so we'll
see you guys next Thursday
