hey guys I'm Keegan I'm Sam and we are
through kitchen slug back to our Channel
today guys we entering the much
requested bad leg gymnastics huh
so basically that means Sam and I are
going to attempt a whole heap of tricks
on our wrong leg but we'll definitely
show you guys how it's mental
yeah we only just decided this now but
the loser of this challenge
master Joseph yeah you have to leg it
into the ocean
that today sir
each time you stick a trick on your bad
side that's
i techniques probably gonna be all bad
legs you're not gonna look as good as it
can do and our bodies on east of it
third but as long as you do it like a
plate
yeah having Tony do gnostics challenge
it feels like it's
yeah so I'm pumped Louise cutter what a
gar ZAR
alright guys if you only get all the
deep videos be sure to subscribe if you
have read any closer if you like it and
don't forget to click that grave bone
nix the subscribe button see you guys
hopefully you get notified every time I
post a video and be sure to follow us on
all our social media so you say I'll
take it up and if you really liked this
video be sure to share let's go let's do
it
pretty damning yeah we brought them back
to the beach
hi guys so first of all four times we
always want
so guys now we warmed up and ready to go
actually
Maddie's on fire guys don't bring them
out to the agents don't I read the
Lantos like well alright so first up in
the Sun easy
oh yeah buddy
Sam and I actually opposite legs
I don't know you saw people for honor
left leg and turns a lot layup yeah so I
tonight I will be attempting everything
like
we'll give her left leg and myself will
be on my right yeah so you're gonna be a
righty today yeah i'ma be basically
champagne
I thought around it would be smart easy
handstand picking off from your bad leg
which is
that way that would see how to balance
basically doing a handstand back
if the hold the balance released one two
three okay
okay guys so for the front area seven
I've actually never have I attempted to
do it on our badly so this is a very big
first and last Gary and it is very scary
so we decided that we're going to give
each other three chances yes a three
tribes I think we're gonna need it like
this is a very fast you're gonna go for
it give 100% our energy so spear so like
positive attitude
do this thing but you just can't Nemo
believe affordable cars a guy Tanen is
going to toss me so I get more ideas
I've no idea what
I'm just our bad
I mind blown to how my body just doesn't
get what to do we're gonna give each
other 30 times together how do i name
retries for $10 that counts as a try
okay now we are going to try that
straight after each other service which
right oh she's good late switch badly
you have to have no focus but Gabi Park
and it's hard because you have to go
straight when you go to a badly and
you've done this week and yeah I did
this the other day but again it feels
like only one shot girls tapes it's
rough
I think it's probably desperate
just being down
okay guys so this is the final round
my god
okay guys so that's the end of the
challenge we really hope you enjoyed it
and one
so guys that means I have to go into the
water so stick around to the very end
video to see me through so literally in
the world we went down below what you
guys would like to see us do next in our
time yeah always comment down below
ideas whatever you'd like to see so that
we know what you guys want me area and
we also posted spread every single
Monday so in place on our toes every
Thursday so see you guys next Thursday
I'm sorry Sam
