what's his name good point yeah just
think of times where I've been annoyed
many heaping right in one sec hey guys
I'm teen I'm Sam and we are very
condensed welcome back to our Channel
so today guys we have a really exciting
video because yeah his boyfriend is
joining us for the first step it's a few
so this is after eyes if you don't
already know from Sam's Instagram and
that says boyfriend yeah not about being
one year in Cuba
you
the best one-year insurance because I
had taken this up oh so basically guys
we said that Zach wasn't allowed to come
on time YouTube channel until it's
officially being a year so here we are
officially in a year here it is let's do
it so yeah it's gonna be a battle
between Zack and I and we're gonna save
you your stance so how this is going to
work I have questions and I was going on
and these guys here the editor using
them so you guys before we actually get
onto the video be sure to subscribe and
have narrate and give it a big thumbs up
if you like and don't forget guys click
that rainbow next to subscribe button so
you guys are notified every time mr.
media don't forget to follow us on all
our social media caps you get to know
more what we do during the week all
right
poke him in the arms let's get started
shall we
so this whole mutation thing what is
taking us to doing shoelaces we actually
have a pun the punishments I did that
you didn't even know Casey you were
going to get a plate full of whipped
cream to the face yeah you should meet
this any ants but another it may seem a
bit on camera before Kristen one who is
my favorite artist I am very good three
two one that was just a warm we should
also have someone drawing yeah Cyrus all
right
my favorite is my Luckies egg like
scream oh when I was younger whats you
know I want to be but now extremely
confident 3 2 1
yes guys I didn't used to want to do
that I don't know why it's a really bad
public speaking okay if I could have
another talents what would it be
great great no oh yeah yeah he was just
pretending that it's a warm up warm up
where do I want to leave when I'm older
so I'm kind of it's like me the beach
guys so I'm going to be computing and
what's the fun with it again cycle
engine the site and Peter no yes
all right next question what is one
thing that people do that annoys me
just think of times where I've been
annoyed maybe you've been doing that's
very short
I can't be a technical issue
no she's driving too much eat loudly
you're too loud people I think I was
leaning out loud this morning because I
knew that what is something I'm bad at I
just saw this a few because it's funny
because I've already said this
accidentally really happy dies no I mean
pointed heat sorry do you want
fine you ready the next questions how
are you what is my favorite chocolate 3
what would you say yeah you wanna send
me no pages anytime it's definitely your
weakness yep how do I want to be when I
have kids
ok ready 3 2 1
yeah if you said us I would grow that
twin Europe between Spa guys we want to
trick to a merry mess with from a jet
jump we both got very Ohio Instagram and
our brother had twins 20 the twins came
tomorrow as well
and what is my favorite TV series of
Instagram 3 watching the whole series
what is my biggest fear this may not be
what you think about don't think about
mine if you biggest fear ok I know I
don't know pronounce / pronounce spelt
it written it
no thanks 3 2 1 go
my biggest feat
where is one scar unlike what we discuss
on Thursday paid attention on a Thursday
three two one I would have told you that
you fell off do I want a church wedding
or an outside body
three two one step good job everybody
look what is my pet hate and associates
three two one pull especially look up
what is one thing I've always wanted
okay Cameron over back doesn't fit here
in yes three two one
here was my favorite scene on as kids -
one is the last question and I've kept
it kind of easy oh hey what's up dude I
don't like the smell listen yeah one cc
I was gonna send in that would have
given it away
what's your thanks
fight the news to me so you guys I think
it's obvious these lose by that much
yes let's tally
are you ready for some cream I'm pretty
hungry and we're back
oh my god we're gonna make the noise of
the money that I spent that looks really
young that's a woman you're hungry I'm
actually you gonna get it it's on my
face sucking my beard later that brings
us to the end of video we really hope
you enjoyed watching and getting to know
sense boyfriend Zack didn't really get
to know ya I mean I know you do and
you're with me everything the day
comment down below if you have any other
video ideas you'd like to see you with
also thanks to you remember guys meet
also post once quit every Monday and we
person at home every Thursday so see you
guys next Thursday yeah I can still see
both of you anyway
