hey guys I take it I'm thin and we are
third kitchen
today guys we're here in LA and we
decided to come all the way from
Australia to delay to the 99 cent store
9 the kick but we don't have 99 cent
stores back in our Zealand we only have
two dollar store two three five dollars
yeah we don't have any more so this is
really good it's 99 cents so we thought
while we're here in LA we would do a 99
cents store challenge but with a twist
so the challenge is we want to see if we
can go into the store and pick the same
height leads one the same / - it's right
we should be able to do so we're going
to pick five categories and see if we
can pick the same item from each yep so
guys before we get on with today's video
be sure to subscribe maybe I'm already
thank you to be thumbs up if you liked
it
Rory's off snacks candy potty Goods
makeup let's get glam surely Santa take
this Roger
it says highly pigmented nowhere
everything is $0.99
apparently that's good luck guys the
nuts down at the end of the aisle here
to the chocolate that's no you guys I'm
bud this is my snap now I'm picking my
kids
weird experience standing out there
like they stand out and dig in me 19 so
many cool balloons are
to do something
the moon kids used to always happen it
let's get glam I want to pick the scarf
at lest haunting train that I need to
discard then let's have been so dry on
this trip sir
let's go guys sign it's a sign it's
music hostess good luck you can put them
in your room initial
there was a club
I don't have these in mind others just
kidding so guys we just go back to the
hotel room and I'm really excited to see
what we actually already know that we
got one because how do you hide a
bowling so it's really cool that we
already have one the Ottoman comb I
already have one item in common and I'm
a little excited to see your other items
and because we've got them all got party
goods we've already done that
it's obviously coming up as you can tell
yeah I just went generic assault like I
know it's kind of days earlier pot
economy is it's a celebration who's in
the potty section okay oh yeah
I say we good yeah okay so the next
category is beauty okay
who's let me get my trusty bag maybe was
quite easy not easy but like there was
much there
sorry rack of baby one two three you
know what I was like we've been
complaining about dry lips you get it
you can never have enough eye shadow
palettes others that you've got heaps of
eyeshadow palettes oh wow that was
probably the easiest one there was over
yeah like I was even in on them even
song oh good let's move on to the next
category which is candy yeah so we got 1
out of 5 so far Hey one two I saw the
easy mouth at ya know
all the way I didn't see these
straightaway but I'm so glad I know
because as soon as I saw them I was like
Sam is gonna get the first thing that I
picked up was actually the South patch
kids cuz I thought you liked them I
could say it and I wasn't gonna pick you
up I was actually I had them in my hand
ready to go and I was still dazed like
no yes
that means you've got three out of five
so the next category is anything that
you can put in your room so ruining deck
oh yeah now this one I strung this is
where I spent like most of my time oh
that is no flow oh you gotta look to the
thalamus how would you buy a bunch of
thousand even know you can get senior
lafalot very g savings so no I got a
feeling you wouldn't cuz I was kind of
down the bottom and if you were looking
for a sign this is Yahoo they say don't
let the old inspiration of course be and
happiness is licking the spoon and you
got like two of each ripped off actually
yeah all right Sam I gonna that's okay
look great we're pretty lucky we've
already got the balloons and the Nerds
it's pretty good okay
Adam all those items one more item
everyone the next category was snacks
yep sorry on three one two three I had
the Hershey's in my hand
I know Ari and I saw her she's so much
you get it yeah that was definitely
wasn't evzones you know why I think
these why cuz they're bigger like more
in it yeah money and also because we
love babies so much yeah kisses nothing
I
I saw them Terry knows I know because
they're not the cookies no there's good
so cool all right guys we actually got
three out of five items the same
when we set this challenge I was until
we're going to get like any rot so I'm
pretty happy six eighty sixty percent so
we're just talkin Spyderco sixty percent
correct so that's pretty good so we
would have passed the test guys yeah
brings us to the end of the video really
hope you enjoyed this challenge remember
we post on squared every Monday and we
put some art on every Thursday so we'll
see you guys next best thing
see ya
