hey guys I'm taking I'm Sam and we up
through kitchens welcome back to our
Channel
so we're in the car right now and we're
on our way to get our very first two
tunics I don't even know what color I'm
really going for I don't know what they
got to have but I'm really excited to
try some one because I've actually never
and to to you we've just worn like
peculiar yeah that's so guys before we
get on with today's video be sure to
subscribe if you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up if you like and
don't forget guys to click that grave LC
you are notified every time we post the
video so we were off to get a tutti
because we're doing our very first
classical size at competition yeah so
we've done point for a while in a ballet
for years and years but we've decided
let's do something different and let's
do a classical so let's compete and do a
class
so these are the ones that we've decided
to try on some of the ones that we
wanted to try on we couldn't because
I've already been hired but hopefully we
can find when the business
I don't know how to make myself ski we
got my ribs expanding making me wider
I really like this one but it's too big
up here and this one sister bitches off
I like this one but not quite as much as
the navy blue one
so this one was really pretty but the
skirt just looked a bit too big on me
his farm was decorated so beautifully
but unfortunately it was a little bit
too small this was one of my favorite
tutors that I tried on I love the color
red inner and how the skirt is two-toned
this one was definitely a meal
I really like this one as well but the
skirt was a little bit too long for me
now these two trees are really strong
looking fierce one at first I saw her on
the shelf and I didn't actually like
that once I put it on I
I really like the color of these two G
but I still like the first one that I
tried
after trying on all the tutus we then
got to see all the tiaras and tried them
on as well
after trying on all these teachers and
it really read to make it hard to just
pick one but I definitely liked the
first one that I tried all right so we
are back in the car on our way that was
amazing a couple of how many churches
with it and how many of you try it on
guys that brings us to the end of the
video we really hope you enjoy watching
it comment down below which to tube with
your favorite eSports and remember we
push on Square every Monday and we put
some ouch of every Thursday so we'll see
you guys next business
