hey guys I'm T and I'm Sam and we are
the red curtains welcome back to our
channel as you can see from the
thumbnail this week we're doing the
famous copying somebody's Instagram for
a week now we've been planning this
video for a really long time and we've
finally done it so it's basically where
you copy someones Instagram for a week
and when I say copy you really have to
like okay yeah
attention to detail we wanted to try and
do as much detail as we possibly could
hopefully without there there is so much
detail in every single article then
looking when I'm golden they on like
every time you look at the picture you
saw something different once you saw
something you like I mean I hate to back
that now so up first is taken contain
Lilly Brown next week extends during
shiny German
hopefully you guys know you they are but
no you know that's totally fine just
have fun watching us try and copy the
photos so guys before we get on today to
you if you show the subscribe in hammer
right and you dipping thumbs up if you
like it and don't forget to click that
bell so you guys are notified every time
we post a video ll be announcing fan of
the week and it's gonna shout out at the
end of the video so stay tuned for that
alright guys so the first picture is
this picture right here
I picked this picture because I actually
have the same rent bodysuit absolutely
and I was like yes I had the same color
blue jeans but they weren't ripped no
tema sigh I'm kind of gonna have to if I
did a little DIY and I retire engaged
yes and match in the exact same
positions as little earth best I could
yeah and then I had to go out and buy a
brown back and also to scrunchies the
sign in the background like oh my gosh
we're not gonna be able to finance on
anyways so obviously we had to make it
yeah it really could've been bigger but
well yeah I was really happy though oh
my gosh it looks house the same time
so it's up to you now comment down below
picture number one and then write it out
of ten so pick number two this was the
cactus picture this location is in so
many Instagram pictures that I've seen
and I like we have none of that in Perth
there's just no place like that
obviously we had to go to plan B and
that was to actually purchase I guess
which you've seen it
the only thing I had in this picture was
a denim jacket so I had to buy the
bralette and then the Red Scare and all
my massive sons this was my favorite
okay so we are at our second location we
basically just drove down to another
more plain white brick wall and we have
our trusty cactuses and Tegan is ready
to shoot her next picture overall for
this picture I was actually really happy
with the end result
it looked really similar I thought oh I
don't know let me grab up so comment
down below what you write in this
picture out of 10 so just right picture
for the third picture um I was really
excited about this one because I really
love the app I already had the black
boot shoot she's wearing a blue white
scrunchie in her hair it actually really
works
yeah so then we had to UM find a
background that was really similar and I
was kind of challenging yeah so right
now we're at the crown for our third
photo and we actually have to go into
like this sound with the white tiles and
like walk explain it let us take it
further than or we're going to find
somewhere else which is really hard to
find white tiles in a white wall when we
haven't found one yet
so guys disappointing the hair salon was
nothing like just we had to then think
of Plan B so we ended up just taking it
in the lobby
yeah we just found like where it was a
clear wall and therefore nothing else
but they said was like hard to get the
perfect angles like where I was and
where team was America was tilted like
it took us a while to do this one so
comment down below what you rate these
people out of 10 so peak number three so
pick number four this one was a victim
our last resort most kind of flat well
let's get a hotel room for the night you
know obviously expensive so we decided
not to do that so then we thought the
next best thing was just to find
somewhere with groanings and a city in
the background yeah and a little bit
risen kind of thing and with the rail to
put my hand on just literally so so we
can find somewhere but obviously it was
around and we had a speeder back we're
out here the bridge and it's ready for a
full photo that was really hard the wind
was blowing and in Lily's I don't think
as and even blogging tears going
everywhere but I think we do okay with
the buildings in the back obviously
they're not thanks very lives the same
state lily is so obviously wearing
yellow nails in this picture and at the
moment I have came down but she had read
in another photo in yellow and this one
so it's you're like different in
everything so guys comment down below
what you think what you rate that each
octet so pictured on the ball well the
final picture Lily is sitting or posing
in front of like a yellow mustard wall
yes so we obviously had to find that and
that was quite challenging so I had to
pick just the pants I already had the
boots I just thought that little bamboo
I think that she had I could get like
anywhere basically and also I had to
purchase those studies I get the exact
same ones but I could kind of get the
shape one so hopefully they look honest
yeah so you guys rate this lot pick out
of 1000 that it's actually so much
harder than I thought so hopefully you
like this challenge because we're doing
getting the xpx week will be totally
different within me this time and I'll
have different pictures different
backgrounds different challenges so
bring it on I honestly family goes to
DEP EMP and BFF crazy thank you so much
guys for commenting on our videos
seriously it's so hard to pick every
week because as sorry neither comment so
guys thank you so much if you want to be
shout out next week all you have to do
is comment down below on this week's
video and also in the Instagram shout
out goes to Amy all folders so thank you
so much for liking LPGs on instagram
guys throwing guys we put salt spin
every Monday and we put some out on
every Thursday don't see you guys next
Thursday
