hey guys I'm taking on Santa and we
outdoor kitchens welcome back to our
town today guys we are doing the twin to
let the fashion challenge so we are
going to the shops today and
individually going in and we have to see
if we can pick to say this or similar
because because I'm crazy we're gonna
try this means XS we're buying
accessories today we're also buying
shoes to match whatever clothing we get
yeah so everything sorry let's hoping
that was nothing
yeah twinning telepathy before we go to
the shop be sure to subscribe in Yammer
and give it a big thumbs up if your legs
and don't forget to click that bell see
you guys notified every time we
persevere and then you leave power bar
you can also move the announcing kind of
the week and it starts out at the end of
the let's go
because I actually have a sauna
Parkinson's
I'll take it back
so we're back from the shops guys well
that was hard work really it was
actually I'm really excited to see what
you want I'm excited to see us bring
matters design that we definitely got
the same out the guts how are you guys
are you ready now you probably ready
yeah you guys already know we have no
idea so yeah hurry please chuckling that
we've got this a series or something
the shop was really big a probability of
Sam and I getting the same outfit in
screaming I mean pretty small yeah
because it was a big shock and this
argument and then obviously so guys we
found already no no there's still makeup
come on we need to get one bingo game
otherwise good good all right so guys
yes you get the same shoes but that
doesn't mean the office office I can't
even shoes okay let's keep going
next is like more accessory and
accessory and Pinterest these
accessories
ready should we say what tops accessory
so yeah I got some do it alright ready
for Joel were pretty set yeah it's gonna
say anything she's my good okay guys
we're not doing very well really smash
your jewelry
moments ready all right I got this okay
for $1
Wow matches the inversion oh yeah
cuz I've got rose gold detailing my
shoes yeah and you see Rose rose all why
didn't you have another accessory I did
these actually sorry cool that's really
pretty right
I'm gonna fill them up
I like these that's what you really love
these match the absent village I really
like that too dark we still do have a
chat accessories
ready to reveal accessory yeah this is
your final accessory yeah yes ready let
me see my cat yep cuz we want the action
final part of the dome a Barbie outfit
to be extra clothing to be surprised
we're gonna come out and just for a bill
Tito alcohol ass okay well we have it
reviewed on and all our elections are
you going to show you how much we didn't
think the thing maybe this in three two
one
yeah know why you seriously thought that
I was gonna get the paint to do the pink
top that means like straight across did
have boat yeah no I know why I was
definitely gonna go pick them really
yeah it is not about soccer I really
despise waiting go hang it on
because of how bad we did with the
accessory results I not you didn't get
obviously the side with as many see we
are twins and we have to live that
powers yeah so we actually succeeded up
the chain telepathic vacuum yourself I'm
not so proud of my girls I'm very sad
about 20 minutes
it's like guys seeing as we pick the
same outfit but we did um comment down
below which accessories you like better
so if you like the way that I
accessorize the plane suite better than
Sam or if you like the way Sam
accessorize better they may so just
comment down below
saladin yes sanity games accessories
yeah so yeah that also brings us to the
end of the challenge we hope you enjoyed
watching this week's video and this
week's fan of the week is Chloe and Cara
and I hope I pronounce this correctly
probably right but yes rah ow
Tay thanks guys become a team on last
week's video and if you'd like to be
found out next week all you have to do
is comment on this PC yes and this
week's Instagram shout out goes to
gymnastic underscore girl on the school
three double five three so thank you so
much for liking our ideas on Instagram
I remember guys we first old squared
every Monday I will put some otros every
Thursday so we'll see you guys next
Thursday
