hey guys I'm taking I'm Sam and we are
their kittens welcome back to our
channel welcome look guys 2017 is nearly
over like we've got a week and when you
watch this it's probably I swear
everything is just get good good every
year last year where we made this video
and now it's gone really gasps again so
this video is going to be us reflecting
on all the good times and the exciting
times that happened in the year 2017
roll the tape guys people we get on with
the videos be sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and give it a big thumbs
up if you like and don't forget to press
that bell so you guys notified every
time I post it will also be announcing
the Instagram shout-out and family at
the end of the beginner let's jump
straight into a guy we sat down we wrote
ellipse in my new journal I just love
Christmas and you know say I'm gonna
write my journal cuz it yeah number one
so the best thing that we have on our
list is our trip to Bali so relaxing
we actually got to sit down relax by the
pool and go shopping and we're so good
and the highlight barley for us was
probably going to the waterfall that we
were there that was easy see you so
massive and you had to walk down all
these steps so like I felt like I was in
a movie and yeah like it was real
because it was just so pretty
also why we want to rocking that was
awesome we've only got a few times
you're scary first turn almost are
that's fun now over here nearly 2018
number two we graduated from University
this year we finished our you mean last
year's but this U is the actual
graduation ceremony that was really good
we got to wear the hats
yeah we turned threw them up in the air
again yeah we got to keep them in yeah
we thought we had to like get them back
even though he is hide though you have
to hide those two things and you have to
give the back like those clothes like
we're going to eat that yeah guys we saw
I felt like Harry Potter and then
so that was really cool and you felt
like getting please graduating more
years later another three guys is when
we got invited to go to Germany that was
like maybe planet we're going to
Germany's a week people will go yeah
like a few days before they like would
you like to come to Germany and be a
part of this like you got our show
called Showtime
which means they said it alone measuring
like dance battle
yes obviously yeah I was speaking German
or more time level we got to stay in
Germany for two weeks it was our first
time to Germany in love yeah and we got
to touch snow the first time you know
there's just remnants from like a few
weeks they said it was a little bit as
wonderful and we cut this we're excited
number four I would even know I need to
give my look Oh number four was your
room yes makeover my room makeover which
took like half a year we love through so
yeah my stone up done guys it's coming
to ease me in the same room but like Oh
a lot and in this year we separated and
we got our own room
thousand 70s definitely number five
another five was our family trip to
Calvary it was amazing to get together
with our family and just spend the days
at the beach ever all this ruching we
were relaxing it's not doing it on the
beach yeah yeah now that was such a good
trip
yeah and a happy standout was like to
store it was so nice yeah Ronix big hug
trampoline which was really cool brother
traveling and when you bounce on the
trampoline you could see the ocean yeah
so yeah that was that was a highlight
those definitely highlight 2017 and I
hope we do it again number six number
six was our trip to America in June of
this year yeah and we especially went to
Americans because of VidCon yeah that
was our very first time at VidCon we
were invited by Brooklyn and Bailey
and we met them and their family for the
first time yeah and then we also met
home that means from squared the other
channel that we do is really cool cuz
mean obviously never met them before me
only see them when they post their
videos during the week so that was such
a collector yeah yeah it was amazing and
VidCon was insane so busy people
everywhere and it was really exciting to
go to VidCon because I don't see no yeah
here the light behind that you choose
you go down actually and then we'll
actually there but also while we were in
America there was a few other exciting
things that happened yeah like we taught
an acrid workshop at the Abby Lee dance
company in LA
yep that was so exciting mean we've
watched that show for years yeah and we
don't actually to go there there to
teach sales cool is really love that
this year is amazing we also spent our
birthday at Disneyland which was a dream
come true and it got to where that
birthday badge yeah it was really
exciting will actually said how do you
think we also did it Tommy's back at the
Hollywood sign you're like we better
pack a little water the view from the
top seriously yeah it was amazing
and you live in LA or they're going to
LA do that you stand on there and you
just like look we've been like an hour
away yes so people coming at number
seven
so guys no seven is I forgot so with the
scattered on YouTube to go for an
audition in America so yeah we can't
tell you much a little bit really good
experience and yeah and then after that
we were like oh we're already in America
let's go to like it's just one of those
things but you like but as you see in
the movies like The Hangover and we
stayed at Caesar's Palace which is also
from The Hangover which was so cool just
wish we had a pre-planned a little bit
more next we wouldn't see the shows but
by the time we got there they were also
perhaps oh I'm gonna go back to Vegas to
see the trips next time in the show is
amazing so definitely next time you guys
go to Vegas making you cook so number
eight oh my gosh was hitting one man
subscribers this is what we got the
eating 1 million subscribers on YouTube
and definitely that is a big highlight
of 2017 for us because I just can't
believe it and that's because of you
guys so thank you so much it caught me
turning it up if we one day ever been a
million subscribers in that timeframe
it's just like oh my god so guys every
time I think about 2017 number nine is
five six seven but alright guys so the
fun this is actually the final one we
couldn't think of then this is our last
month it was our recent trip to Sydney
to see see it in concert so to see see
art life was just so good and then see
Manny dance
witzy is music and so guys that's it for
the highlights of 2017 now can't wait to
make new Heartland in 2018 guys comment
down below which was your favorite video
that we made in 2006
clearly better game in 2007
so event of the week this week goes to
Julia Mazzone and Claudia and with so
thank you so much for commenting on last
week's bonus video - B fan of the week
next week or you can do is comment down
below on this succeeding and also the
Instagram shout-out and goes to Lily I'm
the school 15 under school three
underscore Phi and that's in the video
we hope you guys enjoyed it runaway post
onto and every Monday we post on our
channel every Thursday and we'll see you
guys can say subscribers we're both
getting makeovers but that really based
on videos
