hey guys I'm takin I'm Sam and Leah
through kitchens
welcome back to our Channel
so today guys we're doing our everyday
makeup look even though we've got
eyelashes on we don't always wear
eyelashes but only when we're going out
and things that we thought we'd do it
for the video every day makeup lip gloss
lashes yeah so last night we said for
you guys to ask us some questions you'd
like answered for the video your
questions may be answered hopefully so
guys before we get on with today's video
be sure to subscribe if you haven't
already and give a big thumbs up if you
liked it and nobody gets click that gray
girl next to the subscribe button so you
guys are notified every time inclusive
here and be sure to follow us on all our
social media so you guys are kept up to
date and if you really like this video
yeah alright yeah we meant to share
tonight so basically guys oh okay so
obviously we look really different in
case or you know that's really bad but
that's right because slowly but surely
we get better we've done this people for
a reason sorry first things first I
think you need lots of moisture
surprised if you didn't already know
we started wearing makeup quite a while
ago but we started that very very like
we start off with like just our powder
and mascara I'm sorry okay now everyone
does their makeup differently some
people start with their base some people
start with their eyes I always start
with my eyebrows then I do my base no no
- and I'm going to start with my base
I'm I'm losing the Stila stay all day
foundation in concealer it looks like
you know brushing the eyebrows making
sure they're in line I don't even know
why brows
people like we've noticed we're usually
a lot more tears in this but today we're
not so my foundation is probably not
gonna match my eye but probably not we
have no idea what we're doing we're just
doing what we do other side new running
as long as it looks like a me and that's
fine it's makeup is a dog I then use my
pencil this was legit like 50 cents from
Bali and run so don't think you have to
go buy expensive products you can just
go to borrow your 50 Cent's it's
believed in 10 cents I put like 100 and
then I just filled them in or shape them
even more guys make sure you blend Dona
Dona Dania on your neck especially if
you're having troubles like I am that's
right Oh face to your buddy just as long
as you blend down the neck the neck
you'll be fine everybody does your
makeup differently yeah there's not one
set way to do it so if you're thinking
about wearing makeup for the first time
practice cuz you get better I use like
three foundations and smudge them all
together to make my base and they're all
different brands so you know you can do
it every month I'm using L'Oreal Palace
Palace well I never know where brands
L'Oreal Paris L'Oreal Paris infallible
toes total color
that probably isn't even working it's
fairly Blair yes and then I Chuck some
lighter foundation a little bit of that
and then I grab my own special $5 at
Target Foundation essence friend I know
it's a really cheap brand so I actually
have a one cheap stuff you can see guys
i use the tarte shade take contour
concealers okay with that yeah okay must
be good
now I actually do really like it so this
is a bit pricier and also you have to
order a couple of advance because I have
to get it from America and it takes a
few days to come so you don't wanna be
left without your shade tape no and I
just apply the concealer under my eyes
because some on the chin here on the
bridge of my nose might let these
flowers and up here what it is that you
can Indian by the way guys sounds rude -
it's going so is Christmas it's on its
way but right now we're getting behavior
for your room I bet you I'm not saying
isn't even like it's not a joke I'm
really excited for you guys to see that
because it's been a long time coming so
now I've just got some powder because my
face is obviously wet from the
foundation I'm just blending my
concealer out now with my I'm just
putting powder everywhere
back in the day when I used to watch
makeup tutorials you got all inspired
and started using I hold a concealer and
I you see these under my eyebrows and
under my lips and things like that
I wonder if I but now I don't I wonder
if you tried the shape tape consumer
it's probably I'm not to the same stage
as you which is baking baking okay guys
so we said on our Instagram that we were
doing this video today if you guys to
ask us questions so that we can have a
chit chat with you as well
walking around the pans bringing what
advice would be get them we've had
blocks before start thinking about what
could go wrong and just think how lucky
you are you are able to do those skills
right and if until - you know how to do
it and you're doing it and you're not
going to hurt you something what's
stopping you you seem to visualize you
stop doing it first
don't stand there and think about it
just be like yep I'm doing it round off
your impression just go continue don't
get gets off the option of backing up
yeah don't most time being skip better
you know go to your wife or quit yeah
because you're too good for that I'm
doing my eyeshadow next fine I will look
like humans again yeah like it's weird
but anyway I'm using multi power because
there's so many different colors in here
like Browns like Christmas so basically
the eyeshadow that I use every single
day is just this clean CJ 95 ie at the
to also be why yes it's called be
yourself until it came up target yeah
like you knew how much it much money
actually if you like first trying out
some makeup buy the cheap stuff because
that guy is good quality kicks up a bit
it has a really nice it's like a really
nice palette I really have my goals and
reminds me your favorite colors it's
like when we bought this morphe palette
I use that but then I don't know it's
just so big to carry around that I went
straight back to using is just because
it's so small and like it's easy to use
plus I really like it
I'm using the urban decay naked naked
naked what do you call this thing
I don't know what that is missing my
shadow brush
and I just used the line of color on
there and I spread the cross one with
probably not the right word do you
spread blend I blend this across James
Charles and Fiamma stumbles upon this
video you'll probably see only
disappointed so I taught you nothing I'd
like to put a lot to color and then
blend it out to darker so go slide big
diamond and then dock in the craziest oh
my gosh I said a technical next thing I
do is I grab these color up here as you
can see how nice a lot of it I just
thought use my teen because I feel like
it gets on my thing which is my eyelid I
feel like it just goes on a little bit
better and I've just done that all the
time I'm just gonna stick okay one
question was do you guys think he will
move out and get your own house together
we were actually thinking the other day
how cool would it be if we like to order
in an apartment and apartment so I mean
in the future that could be a
possibility yeah I own an apartment
together me and then we can do like yeah
YouTube videos in there or and just have
like a really cool space to do like
create content for you guys yeah why not
all the product is getting on my face
remember guys we're not makeup artist
and we've never had a training course
ever and I haven't watched that many
videos I mean it's my fault I need to
watch more video as a lone wolf actor
but you kind of just get comfortable
what you're doing and change is hard I'm
learning this darker color on the outer
corner of my eye so that I don't know
I'm now blending this it's kind of like
a light brownie color I'm just gonna use
my brush to get them up and look it
doesn't even leave any markings for I
think that's pretty cool
Oh easy sprung so I just love having
like a tan face do you yes
I'm Indig concentration really do you
think I thought you're using this holy
and because my arms don't worry
have we done the little hands gelatin so
guys a lot of you have actually been
asking yeah we gotta love you a to our
oppressions it out to her and that and
they're really exciting questions
because we actually are we are thinking
about doing
massive tour around Australia yeah where
we would like perform meet you guys take
photos with you guys
maybe do a challenge on stage don't if
you guys have massive fun event where we
can like meet as many of you as we can
and just have like even fun perform
because we love performing and I don't
know so we've been thinking about that
for a while now yeah so coming down low
if you have any ideas of you know what
we should do or now to us we are always
having Tydeus but and the next question
that we get a lot is whether we're doing
merch now this is something that we
definitely definitely want to do whether
you no matter what we want to do they
asked you guys and you said that he'd
like some leggings a crop like a t-shirt
and like a hoodie yes and they're
definitely on the list so we kind of
have like an idea of what we want to do
it's just doing it yeah getting rid of
cones and finding the right company yeah
we just so any companies that are
watching this right you'd like to work
with us hey what's up guys while Sam
he's catching off I'm just stop setting
up my don't sighs I'm just applying some
bronzer to my cheeks and around my
hairline I know I'm doing my I'm on and
I'm actually I'm professional
sorry I'm using and there's a big
eyeliner pencil I just got like a small
tip which really helps you get back to
you you gave to me yeah you gave this to
me cuz I mean I line up one time when
yeah how good is it yeah it's really
good do you do that set before you do
that interesting before I do what I know
I do I attend the not go into bronzer
where yes sir well hey and then I go run
to my jaw line to give me a nice and
Joel and I blend down my neck because
again you want to be
I put on eyeliner so you can actually
see my eyes and guys put some underneath
my lip here and who doesn't want bigger
lips right bit more room for here and
guys we are going to apply eyelashes
today just really natural ones if we get
dressed up somewhere we always like to
wear eyelashes just to give it that
little extra lift I'm doing my eyebrows
and all I do is literally just brush
them out so they're not look at all
that's because we get our eyebrows
tinted if we didn't you'd have to draw
someone when you probably mess out my
tongue do any of you don't usually I do
yes okay guys I'm using notice I'm using
bad girl bang um this is the current
mascara I'm using the next step I'm
going to do is apply my eyeliner I use
the it's all rubbed off now but it's the
winged eyeliner and it's the one that
comes with the stamps but I don't use
the stats because I'm not confident
enough to do wings every single day if
I'm feeling really out there I might
give it a go and fail and then rub it
off and then probably wear them but it's
kind of yet easy gone it's not true
liquidated so everyone if you do
purchase this one you get left and right
so you get two and that's why Sam's
using yellow on it I pull my eye across
when I do my eyeliner yeah you don't
place it down
see you guys this is obviously where I
get behind you think it's alone on the
an owner like Jenny Bruns up no I do
that laughs yep okay guys while Sam is
finding the next question I'm just going
in with my mascara and I use the same
scar it's add most my scars are pretty
good like I don't know Saima clumpy I
can't say mascara that you can't get off
yeah didn't you like attacking your
eyelashes just to get off so yeah that's
kind of what I look for in my scar Mosca
would you ever consider doing more vlogs
I love the Indonesia vlog thank you
everyone we travel do what how old were
you any static contortion well I know
we're actually like a set age kind of
thing like when you saw accurate we
combine everything together so there's
not like a set balancing class or a set
contortion class and a set time in class
it's all ending to the one and that's
kind of they're all I even League worked
on yes about that slider tumbling to us
that's like the ultimate you have to be
good at all three and that's what we aim
to be good at we'd like to encourage our
students to be good tumblers be good
balances and be good at contortion so
just like a well rounded rounded dance
oh you have to be a well rounded talked
about as well okay so guys the eyelashes
I'm wearing today a little bit glamorous
than the natural ones that I would wear
but that's all I have today so there's
our demo once the best trick that I've
learned with eyelashes is let the glue
dry a bit so it's sticky if you put on
the straightaway into glue it's too wet
it's too wet into one set and then you
just thinking like you can't put them on
but really it's just because the glues
not ready I tend to stick the middle
down first then the outer corner and
then the inner corner Wow I do the inner
minerals and
okay so someone asked this question a
little eco you could go to any fictional
place from a book or movie where would
you go has probably so many other places
look you know I'd want to go but wonder
if my clients from Harry Potter
I'd love to go there for a day and two
things not scaring the spiders came out
then I'm done yes IRA comes out it's
great to be motivated us to start
YouTube not on awesome
also there was a question that we saw
like where did you guys realized you
wanted to be YouTube isn't that and I
just thought both these questions are
really interesting because we would
never have started each even it wasn't
for Brooklyn and Bailey which I'm sure
you guys know they actually asked us to
be a part of square had a twin channel
that they create it and that was really
exciting but at the time we were like
you're putting yourself now that giant
with yourself out there yeah people are
gonna judge you and and you're obviously
gonna start not yeah I mean everyone's
got to start somewhere like we look back
their views and we cringe but that's
about like you learn so much and it's a
journey and like if you have the
confidence to start that's great do you
want to do it do really love what you're
doing on there make sure you enjoy what
you're doing that I'm where you should
enjoy it today five years ago if someone
said oh you guys will you tubers good
for like what yeah I would have been
like oh no I don't think so we did a
year squid and then we decide enough
that let's try to our Channel and here
we are you know yeah yeah you know time
job and we're absolutely loving it feel
like you can't have a makeup look
without holo
so I use the soft and gentle by Mac on
the high points of my face I do a bit on
the bridge of my nose my Cupid's bow I
probably look back at this in a fuse
what were you doing Sam I don't you know
the lid is about it and now I have my
highlighted which is actually a Mac Brad
guy my dear feyza Adi by King boy and
then didn't wanna and I was like see ya
and then I add some with this brush
that's broken
don't you love me not you make do guys
you make do a lot of you asked um about
our relationship status just basically
say my both single at the moment now
King but um if you guys know some guys
who just get people you don't just drop
you like don't exist and why and break
your heart yeah anyway guys more on that
what I like video on obviously most of
you probably known now and if not you're
about to find out because you need to
know yeah yeah really nice time on it
until you know sometimes relationships
don't really work out which is fine and
it happens all the time but I feel like
you should definitely communicate about
whatever is happening and break it off
so guys that's it for the makeup that
much it chat video late it makeup look
don't we look definitely like we said at
the beginning of the video this is just
the way we do eye makeup hopefully eath
load something baby Pro probably not
we're really not I mean I rush that
house always and this is the best time
I've done I think I'm like trying to
explain and I didn't even show you guys
half the stuff not my life I'm debating
today is that Russia's ordinary but I
think their name juice to now make up
videos you can buy cheap products don't
be afraid to go try those cheap products
because a lot of them actually do this
but if you've got the money go well so
guys remember we also post on screen
every single Monday and we posted our
channel every day so we see you guys
next thing we look really bad naked
naked
