hi guys I'm Tina I'm Sam and we up their
kitchens welcome back to my channel guys
but if December which means Christmas is
lurking around the corner and so today
we're doing our first Christmas video
which is the gingerbread house challenge
so basically guys the challenge is who
can create the best looking gingerbread
house and who need you'll help to decide
who the winner is at the end by
commenting down the let me know need
both people we get on with the challenge
be sure to subscribe if you haven't
already then give it a big thumbs up if
you like and don't forget to click go so
you guys are notified every time you
press the video ll be announcing fan of
the week at the end of the video and
this time we will also be doing an
Instagram channel alright guys yes that
imagine if we built them out and they're
gonna work and already lost time when it
went alright so you've got a gingerbread
house there we go and we get these extra
cool with some extra ingredients tiny
Tennys REO a ton of those yeah
everything you want although they are
they
step 1 sorry to massage the baby so we
want to do
awesome bag at porno men quarter inch
opening from either end of the couch but
what arranged house pieces personally
are moving stir up oh that was the most
shocking bottle each other
Jenny don't have to stay up and identify
the front move backward from the sides
alright so you have to put icing on the
inside of the front and back of the
house walk taking off and cheese arising
all right it's a creative challenge so
you can take off
the first instruction doesn't say
but we know what her speedy goes out I
don't know what to do I think we need
more money 20 hours later
you gotta have a lot of patience to do
time that's why it's not working
everybody well that's right you have to
do all of these variety
now we should be the big jumping all
right the pictures doing something about
this one here so it says hold in place
for one minute then line is strip
embossing down the middle of the house
what good enough that you see this
through it's slipping down hands on deck
but I've decided I'm gonna put my
chimney on mmm sounder district and EPE
always oh that the decorating thing is
that looks delicious cake - it's already
melting you're just gonna circle it I'm
thinking either old Oreos on town and
their own tiny Teddy's on the other
gingerbread houses since I don't know
rip isn't it gonna work well you can
only give it a try and visit discover
why this is no good maybe need to be new
awesome see ya I'm Bonnie
how far will it slide enough just to go
me it's the item all the chimneys in my
way as cut fun of my aureus and I can
fit it with the cheap slow down town Wow
should be called the color just need
extra glue next extra awesome every
other thing it's gonna come down I'm
feeling Nate Frank each other's that's
key
you guys memory he's coming up it's a
constant worry I don't think anyone
should live in this house yeah how is
Santa gonna walk in there everything
walk in walk on the bridge all right you
good track in a minor does anyone else
have these if you use mine making
gingerbread houses please comment down
below those your issues it doesn't say
on the box you may
she ain't coming down now
last homey touches nothing if we have
time oh oh like we should try that next
time to time we could not get it done
so it's now to you guys to comment who
you think should win this challenge
so you like Teagan's better this bad
we're right here or sit down either way
so this week's fan of the week is a
leonis Santiago hopefully I pronounced
that right yep and and any Martin thank
you guys so much for commenting on last
week's video we appreciate it so much if
you want to be shouted up next week all
you have to do is comment down below on
this week's video and this week's
Instagram shout-out goes to Ruby
Marshall 3:02 so thank you so much for
liking our photos on Instagram remember
we post videos on script every Monday
and we person our channel every Thursday
so we'll see you guys next Thursday
see ya
