hey guys I'm taking I'm Sam and we up
the represents welcome back to our
channel today we're doing the famous
twin tack finally to repress with a
picture on her Instagram account asking
you guys to ask us questions about being
tips only you guys did such an amazing
job in it over like 500 comments you're
like wow so we went through them all and
we picked questions write them down and
we're about to answer them so before we
get on with the twin tag be sure to
subscribe if you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up if you liked it
and be sure to click that bells see you
get notified every time we post a video
and also we'll be announcing fans a week
at the end of the video so stay tuned so
question number uno is who is the older
twin Teagan is the older twin next
question okay best thing about being a
twin the best thing about being a twin
would be that we've always had each
other since so we don't want yeah we
never have to walk into a room by
ourselves or go shopping by ourselves
we've always got someone yes I would
just feel like we're really lucky
because like specially growing up we
always had a friend over basically
yeah and always had something to do with
someone and we basically had a sleepover
every single night because we used to
share the same room yeah have you guys
ever competed against each other yes
when we do dance competitions we are
always against you because we're the
same age group and we're in New York in
division like we can be together the
same age yeah so all the time and
obviously there's good and bad things
about that you always have a buddy side
stage and in bad things you've better
you go with your eye okay
the next question is did your mom dress
you guys the same when you were younger
oh cool yes she did yes I feel like if
you have twins and you digest them in
the same power period
not everyone to their own but yes our
mom definitely dress us the same
how did we get our names oh we really
got this question yeah sorry
I'm Sam was named after Samantha from
bewitched
if you don't haven't no they don't know
what that is good well that's not TV
sorry that al mom used to love so yeah
it's a really awesome and then I was
named after this little girl that my mom
met and she was like the cutest thing
ever and when I don't heard the name tag
and she was like make that name and say
yeah so yeah that's how we got our name
so the next question is are there some
struggles about being in truth I
thinking it whatever sorry
are there any struggles about being a
tip yeah the biggest struggle is that
everyone you are we are constantly
compared like who's the prettier twin
who's the more Clarion
please thinner math who's the cleaner
twin so yeah we constantly always
compared to each other which I guess is
natural for people to do that but that
would be the biggest struggle about
being attuned yeah so like a king gets
an award aside first yeah you can get
snow morons like us taking for the
benefit yeah yeah so who's the pretty
advanced
who's the faucet and here's the strum
who's more flexible who's the better
dancer twins we think of the same thing
yes so that would be the bigger struggle
but like constantly being compared to
each other do you always dress the same
and we do dress very similar cuz we like
mop the same thing so yeah like taking
one come back to go to the shop night
look at this not like got the same thing
basically fashion challenge we basically
pick the exact same outfit for each
other and so and when we go out we like
to like coordinate in some way so with
the ugly colors or the style of the top
that we're wearing yeah so we definitely
like to coordinate and yet win what's
your favorite double trick to do
together
um do you mine is split on split here's
the cute picture and Josas and mine is
definitely don't call the fossil when we
go I just love it so much
last video yeah that's definitely my
favorite r85 box do you have any clothes
that don't match yes we do have clothes
that don't matter
yep sometimes I'll randomly buy
something or taking a randomly buy stuff
online and what you got that okay next
question where do you want to go
together we definitely want to go to
anywhere around the world that's gone
amazing more amazing these and palm tree
we're tossing off between Bora Bora and
another mal dies and all Hawaii yeah
those three Big E yeah any other
beautiful world yeah alright what is
your favorite trick to do my favorite
trick Daniel's the no my favorite trick
to do is flip straight into a sleigh
yeah um do you love that trick alright
so long I'll crawl up legs so when you
have Emma can you hold your legs and
then you walk I just think that's so
cool
who is the better driver alright let's
settle this once and for all
damn I discussed this and we said I
think teens the bit of drama I'm not a
bad driver it's just tea and drive it
more so she's probably more extreme more
experienced driver than me so yeah
taking witnesses fun alright do you guys
always get asked the same questions
about being twins yes all the time it's
always who's the older twin meet
something up to three questions that
come up all the time and that one is I
eat mints sec mine is his old up and the
third one is do you bottle up yeah do
you guys hot and like yeah so that's the
top three okay next question do you guys
have a lot in common
yes we have a lot in common we have way
more in common than we do we have
anything because we have the same job we
do YouTube together we have the same
taste in clothing of the same we're
making the same how it's just like
everything being everything we like the
same movies who like the same food we
like the same
Me's never your music we like everything
we have so much in common it's
ridiculous we might as well be cool um
but this is an interesting question what
is a food that T in my
that's an hates yes yeah we thought of
one thing I love muesli like the stuff
that you could cereal in the morning and
I don't amazing I'm not I'm not lying I
couldn't not eat it but I just really
don't like it I love I won't like
crunchy granola crunchy granola me have
you ever got mine for something the
other twin has done really if if that
does happen we were sold I'm like no I
do that but we do remember one specific
time when we're out of hotel with our
friends and we accidentally broke
something and now mom was in the other
room she has a I'm running and she's I
just starting to I said my name and I
was like I'm going video dude I'm like
hey what did you do and I was a sweet
I'm up yeah who was the more brainy one
at school that day in primary when I was
hanging in I'm Way smarter than Matthew
but then in high school Oh somehow I am
was getting better monsuno I was getting
better Moss spot in math definitely take
a give me my better than me in that yeah
Matt's
math I gotta say Mac are we competitive
with each other
yes yeah but we think that that's a
really good thing that we're competitive
yet each other and easily improved like
at the same time if I'm a faster runner
the team's like I want to be fast I want
to beat you like does like healthy
competition so we think that that's a
really good thing that were competitive
with each other we motivate each other
yeah it's a good thing which one of yous
are the strongest physically physically
I feel like teen with the strongest I
think I'm a little bit okay only bio
left a little bit but mentally I feel
like I'm the more stronger one but not
all the time
sometimes I am the biggest dress head so
basically only lethal if you could
change your names what would they be
would you wanna change your name's Sam
actually I like my name I really
underneath some people hate their name
like your name yeah so yeah I really
like my name's I wouldn't want it to be
changed with you know
do you guys share room we she had a room
for 21 years and then this year we
finally separated because one of our
brothers moved out so maybe our team's
room and mine is still under
construction
yeah guys so what is happening you will
see my room tour when it's done but
being Saudis you dance little things so
yeah that videos I mean ah so maybe next
year what's your fave fashion brands or
places to shop online all right sorry we
long City Beach which is where we went
shopping last week in our video and we
love choko choko come a pepper man
beginning boutique beginning bootie
white fox boutique do you guys ever get
jealous of each other like that's
naturally gonna happen because obviously
if something so if I get something and a
team doesn't happen because we can act
the same thing yeah I feel naturally
alive because we do so much obviously
we're happy and we always are for each
other if something good happens to one
of us but not to the other like just
it's alright the next question is isn't
that your natural hair color I see this
is the color now umm yeah girl yeah so I
was born with this girl hair and i was
born with blonde hair sorry these are
natural colors i what's your favorite
memory that doesn't involve anything to
do with this the time we went quad back
riding in bali yes my best times I
thought when you booked on the same one
is experience it was just so much fun
like you're the Jong Un's wagons raining
and it was just just the best day by my
cousin I get so close to each other back
like we shared the whole experience
together I was just so much fun I can't
wait you do it again we're you guys in
the same or different classes at school
grammar school we're in the exact same
classes all the time from kindy to year
7 and then - we got swapped like we went
in right year eight year 9 and 10
you're in completely different classes
so we listen weird yeah and then because
we pick the same subjects the exact same
subjects in your limit or wheel back
together in every single class but yes
we like that just good because then we
can help each other with black homework
and assignments and things like that
let's go to UM who is more picky again
hello um I guess you could say since a
more laid back twin like she'll be like
whatever not good enough not like no one
has to be perfect
yeah who can do more pirouettes just get
right here yeah but you good - okay here
we n SC YouTube videos we both edit
litchi videos so we swap one week I'll
do our video and then one and I'll G
squared and then a little change so your
sweet Tegan's doing this one have you
ever broken a bone
yes Keegan has broken a bone I have not
you have broken your shoulder yeah I did
my shoulder doing a backflip yep she did
back we landed really weird I thought
90s she broke our shoulder so yeah yeah
I was nine who takes longer to get ready
so deep mm-hmm
she can get me up I'm long good to get
ready I think she just takes more Karen
and I cut them because I'm more
laid-back I'm sorry yeah who is more
competitive hmm
I feel like we are both equally very
competitive I don't know I want to say
even competitive venues move it exactly
so mm-hmm
does anyone ever ask who's who like
which ones which and then do either if
you get and Johnny nobody yes I feel
like everybody suffers from a little bit
mankind suffers an anxiety if you don't
you're not human if you don't yeah CUDA
yeah like um Tina we get stressed out
and we get away in stone situation
overwhelmed a lot but you're gonna learn
to somehow deal with it
yeah I'm strong get through it you try
not to my name's Eileen take over but
some people have really
Heidi and my even more help than just
saying don't we have lower levels of
things yeah it's nothing being all
dramatic and they actually take anything
for it laughing I have fear of I fear of
like public speaking and stuff like that
so like you know we'll get like really
really nervous and we got to come do
this on Emily's own situations but we
somehow if it's something that we really
want to do but don't have the courage to
do we somehow be ourselves still do it
if you me even like going somewhere for
the first time or meeting new people is
it's nerve-wracking you just yeah you
oversee a team to do everything we're
saying and you everything wait am I
dressed like a guy you know when what
what are people going to think of me
when are they gonna say am I gonna say
something wrong like all these questions
going yeah
the questions going on yeah try and see
the right side of everything even if
it's really done okay so that's the end
of tag twin tag we hope we answered your
question also comment down below what
you would like to see you next one at
all yeah even though we have a few
videos I personally but we can never
have too many ideas so if your boyfriend
tag so let us know if you'd like us to
do anything in the course angler alright
guys fan of the week this week goes to
let's see four five six and and FB
instead space so thanks guys for your
amazing comments we love and adore them
so much if you want to be found at the
link next week then all you have to do
is call it on this week's video and you
might be pick so I got some really
personal squared every Monday and we
post on our channel and every Thursday
so we'll see you guys next person say
