rock-a-bye baby needs Kelly and tune
skeleton hey guys I'm TV I'm Sam and we
are turkey twins welcome back to our
Channel so like the Halloween this year
Sarah and I decided and that we're gonna
buy each other a Halloween costume so
that means I have no idea I have no idea
what eating has brought me and teen has
no idea what I have bought her we're
gonna talked about so we know nothing
I'm actually very excited exactly okay
this may be awesome
I decide mine at second I was like yep
that's what I'm getting found online and
I bought it and then after lights you
know I took the while two people that I
wanted for sale see you went through
stuff and just capable yeah I had to get
some inspiration from the good of Google
I knew nothing else
scary Tiki good people we reveal our
costumes guys be sure to subscribe if
you haven't already and give it a big
thumbs up if you liked it yeah thumbs up
and don't forget to click that Bell see
you guys are notified every time you
posted it
also guys stay tuned to the end of the
video we're going to announce fan of the
week we have so many great comments last
week on our Halloween carving challenge
yeah so it was really hard to pick just
bobbin but we'll announce that at the
end of the video so stay tuned Tegan
this is your costume you just you just
wear it like that oh my god they're like
shoulder pads and the winner of
Halloween costume 2017 yeah yeah girl do
you have any idea of what I've got a
little bit this one blew three dimension
it was it you like freaking out right
now
guess what I got you
I straightaway think my Elsa from those
are nah I don't know what
the princess Cinderella be cool alright
guys so the time has come where we're
going to fetch our costumes for our
closets and we're gonna put them on my
costume sick okay Merry Christmas
dad's gonna open my costume you know
what it
oh my god
nice thing and a tenth circle so it's
like a dress and you keep what I mean
like anyway my ticket now this is cool
I'll let him go a whole lap and Neymar
and it was not my dress up as Nemo you
think you can do these things but you
just can't me my fats really cool I'm
excited
okay now you know you're just in numb
bum let's get your costume out oh my
gosh dream costume 2017 guys of a t-rex
a t-rex it's lacking all the videos how
cool yeah yeah thankful really yeah it
comes happen on something I don't take
you in this is it that's really nice
this okay hey Charlie put them on yeah
let's go feet deep I'll see you t-rex
suit
Nimmo Oh as one can be you must be
modeling them I'm commanding you this
thing outside
he's moving as well all right yeah it's
so cool that you can go to a party and
beanie I miss my tunes on Katy Perry
dressed up as a twisty tie Halloween
that's up yeah sorry cool so how would
you feel rocking up to a party like this
good like hey guys where's the food
Tegan can't come to the phone right now
she's in a dinosaur suit but your head
is swimming passing oh you smell like
you my love I do little bit of business
that I didn't that's no you know what's
a nice end back to keep an overlay
really Wow
dinosaur eating a fish with you my you
custody isla look at the socks aside
come on point dem toes so there you have
it these and other costumes we chose for
each other now you guys have to decide
for us whether you like Teagan's costume
that up or my Kristen Bell if you like
dinosaur said the dinosaur if you like
the Nemo costume say the Nemo goes
that's how I'm welcome to the potty hey
guys party is rock up the club back
back back back call The Fresh Prince
struggling on your boat and the van of
the weekends so we decided because there
were so many nice comments up salmon are
gonna pick a friend of the week each so
my fan of the week this week is Ellie
Stilwell so thank you for commenting
yeah and my fan of the week for your
amazing comment was Carrie Smith thank
you so much guys for commenting or ever
if you'd like to be shouted out for our
next week's video all you have to do is
comment on today's video dinosaur egg
remember dodgy post appears every Monday
on squid and every Thursday on our
channel so we'll see you guys next epic
