be sure to subscribe if you have nice
cuz you gotta keep your head up never
let your head
hey guys I'm taking I'm Sam and we are
the repetitions welcome back to our
Channel
holy moly guys straight today's video is
the lead up to us reaching 1 million
subscribers on our YouTube channel and
now obviously the celebration of us will
be actually do yes you guys will see
hopefully we're gonna film it yeah we
just don't know where won't be anywhere
so the pressures on we need a so rad
Elise Tolliver how do we celebrate I was
like a pig in a horse his name could be
million what happens out of doing bleed
time like 4:00 a.m. in the morning or
something like come over
strawberry friends were being like
really supportive we're going to find so
on that's so we just got
and then if you get a 2 yo so you're on
Sam's team oh yeah here we go so we're
doing some renovations because these
guys
three second thoughts on the game
chicken
just practicing having a little practice
tend to take a fish trying to get food
from the top of the water ain't egan bed
looking pretty dead if you ask
yeah Sam is ready miss Mia what team are
you on the eyeball
oh how we feeling about the current wind
well we are currently at work it is
three ones I'm Sam how are you feeling
about the losses we were I've got a new
champion sighs look at this toilet it
has a door it has a door no but these
will be get on with the video be sure to
subscribe if you haven't already guys we
haven't in a million we've lost a few
people and the braid 1 million
subscribers as we haven't quite reached
a million yet we are currently yet 996
thousand six hundred and thirty nine
which is amazing you know celebrate have
some cake
Oh
it is currently the day after our party
that we hide for reaching 1 million
subscribers but we didn't hit a million
yet but we kind of had a feeling that
would happen but we want to celebrate
with our friends so it's like the only
night that we could all get everyone to
get together so soon it was such a good
night so funny watching our subscribers
go up and getting excited so yesterday
when we cleaned up our hotel we had to
start we move like all of the balloons
and really take them all with them in
their cars so we left them in there but
would like no take the big one take the
M and then we'll take a few pink
balloons everywhere okay one person has
this job so you don't let go
yeah cuz obviously they still have
helium in them and the roots are really
told so we would like hold onto them
we were like okay let's awesome
situation to kick against inside somehow
get the blue down so we also
receptionist and she sadly without
knowing there's no way we can get it
down then we got a call this morning
from the crown and they like they like
hey we found your ending and we've got
that so when you're ready to come pick
it up come on guys 517 subscribers left
until we hit wait 16 apiece one my mind
my heart beating so fast car dealer
eight six more to go - I'm scared more
subscribers guys - I can't believe this
day he's gone this moment is here hmm
what's the date today the 26th of
September and
guys we made 9 million subscribers
solely by you thank you honestly guys
thank you so much
we wouldn't be out doing what we do
without I'm like shaking right now the
bells the coolest women ever seriously
that was awesome and that's the end of
this exciting video we hope you guys
enjoyed watching the lead-up to this
Marvin really sir we've got requests
every Thursday so see you guys next
insects say
