hey guys if you're new here I'm tagging
I'm Sam and we are three cat wins today
we are doing the much requested draw my
life video because someone requested and
we were like what's draw my life so we
actually had to yeah YouTube what draw
my life was and once we saw what it was
we were like wow that's actually pretty
cool
to be honest putting our whole life on a
whiteboard is pretty scary we're gonna
give it our best shot
but before we get on with the video be
sure to subscribe if you haven't already
and give it a big thumbs up if you liked
it and be sure to click that bell so you
get notified every time we post video it
all started on June 22nd 1995 when we
back flipped out the room well honestly
what I'll tune him back without the room
but we are the youngest of five kids as
we have three older brothers Mitchell
Cody and Clayton our mom always wanted
to go so after our third brother was
born the first thing our dad said was
don't worry we can go mom found out she
was having twins she cried and feared
that she wouldn't have room in her belly
to fit us and what if we were both boys
it wasn't until we were born that she
found out she wasn't just having one but
two baby girls she was absolutely on
cloud nine
our mom said she didn't care how much we
kept her up at night she was just so
grateful to have us obviously we don't
remember being babies but apparently
Tegan was so loud and I was pretty quiet
our mom got so many visitors because it
was a novelty to have twins mum said
that she even got stopped by strangers
at the shops and said it took so long to
shop sometimes because so many people
came up to her because people knew we
were twins as mum loved to dress us up
the same as our mum was a dancer and an
acrobat when she was younger she took us
to our first acro class when we were
three years old we were so shy that we
wouldn't do the aqua class unless our
mums stayed and watched us at the front
of the class beside throwing us around
at home mum decided to take us to our
first dance class at the age of five I
remember crying every single Saturday
before dance class it wasn't that I
didn't like it I was just scared for
some reason Sam was okay she would just
go with the flow she was kind of in her
own world
we obviously weren't like this all the
time and we got better with age mum
never really imagined our whole life to
revolve around dance that's why she ease
into style swarthy jazz was first top
followed by ballet and their lyrical
hip-hop contemporary all kind of bit
later we even tried singing I know right
because we love dancing and acro so much
it kind of did take over our life but in
a good way and not quite to the extent
that you might think we only danced a
few hours after school a couple of days
a week a lot of people assume that we do
hours and hours of dance but I guess
when we were at school or a dance class
we were practicing a lot at home so I
guess when you add it all up we did do
hours and hours of dance so school we
remember primary school as fun and easy
compared to the pressures of high school
we enjoyed going to school because it
was a lot of fun and you got to hang out
with your friends and I guess you
learned some things the highlights of
primary school were faction carnivals
into school and edgy dance and phys ed
class
so basically anything sport one of the
things that I remember about primary
school is breaking my arm it wasn't at
school it was an acro class and I don't
know what happened
I just I'm same thing about crack after
hospital not really I didn't go on an
ambulance but it was pretty scared so I
had my arm in the sling for six weeks
and when you're a kid six weeks is like
six years
so anyway primary school for us was
pretty cool and it was hard to say
goodbye and transition into high school
because we weren't ready to grow up yet
and leave behind all the friends and fun
times we had good bad good bad and now
it's time to go to high school the big
daunting high school good then actually
just before we went to high school we
auditioned for Australia's Got town
which is really cool and really scary we
had to practice so much for this went to
the park every day and we're basically
there all day every day it was a really
exciting experience and Sam and I
thought we did so well but one of the
judges went on about our costume or
something she said it was too old for us
and we didn't really understand at the
time but I think she thought that we
were too young to be doing the can-can
so she was like why are you wearing
those costumes we made it onto TV and
that was so exciting for us so exciting
so high school
a lot of our friends didn't go to the
same school as us which meant we had to
make new friends we were nervous but in
the end it was
okay so high school was pretty good for
us just the normal challenges I guess
everyone faces we feel like everyone
else around us was in like this big
hurry to grow up but we feel it's gotten
even worse today and it's worth
comparing what we were like compared to
the kids growing up today I mean you're
in there kid once and for such a short
time in your life so kids don't be in
the rush to grow up you have the rest of
your life to grow up if for some reason
we had the chance to repeat high school
we wouldn't see there was just like so
much pressure on in the last few years
there was such an emphasis on getting
good grades so that you could make it
into the courses you wanted to it uni we
feel like one day you're a kid and the
next you're being forced to decide what
you're going to do for the rest of your
life I mean we knew it was going to be
something to do with dancing but the
decisions and the studying was tough so
2010 this was a pretty weird year Tegan
was told she had to give up dancing due
to her lumps she found in her leg it was
a really frightening time for us all but
luckily it was a benign tumor I had to
have an operation to remove 8
centimeters of likely beelibones
as it was causing me so much pain and
stopping me from dancing and aggravating
to the best of my ability so we won't go
into details about that major event in
this video maybe an upturn oh no I'm all
good now and I've got a wicked scar the
double-strain cool x-ray after
highschool finished we went straight
into uni which was another crazy step in
our lives we studied a Bachelor of
Education majoring in drama and minoring
in dance for the whole first year at uni
we constantly came home and questioned
whether we were making the right
decision like was this what we really
wanted to do although we didn't like the
idea of eating so much better than high
school because you don't have to go all
day every day and you like to sleep in
like who doesn't love asleep in yeah we
loved that we could concentrate more on
improving our dancing and accra skills
in time for a new dance competitions
which we still do now dance calms can be
quite stressful but we love performing
and training for them because it gives
us something to work towards and we also
love being inspired by all the other
amazing dances that we get to compete
alongside
comps has definitely had a big impact on
our improvement over the years we work
each other hard to improve and be the
best that we can be together amongst our
first crazy busy year at uni we
auditioned for Australia's Got Talent
for the second time and we were lucky
enough to make it through to the
semi-finals it was honestly the best
experience and we're so glad we did it
2013 was also the first year we
travelled all the way to America with
our dance family it was such an exciting
trip we got to lead the dance parade at
Disneyland and perform at Universal
Studios and on Hollywood Boulevard where
the Walk of Fame was we made so many
memories that will cherish forever
little did we know that we would take a
trip to America every year after that
and it was always thanks to dance
each trip to America was so amazing and
we couldn't help but be so grateful for
dance allowing us to travel and
experience all these exciting things so
while we were traveling we were still a
teeny which some people found pretty
crazy we would be like guys we were kind
of leaving to go to America tomorrow
really sorry but everyone was really
important throughout it so the next few
years were pretty stressful especially
because we had to do Prak practice a we
had to go into schools and practice
teaching dance and drama to students who
were not only bigger than us but Oliver
and us some of them were only one year
younger than us so it's very strong it
was pretty daunting but we pushed
through and we did it and it like made
you more independent yeah because we had
to separate for the first time like we
had to go in our own car drive by
ourselves but we're really glad we did
it because we have so many amazing
memories of uni we have all the
experience and we can use everything
that we've learned in everyday life and
especially when we're teaching dancing
yes and we now have a degree that we can
fall back on at any time in our lives
so while we're at uni we got an email
from twins Brooklyn and Bailey in
November 2015
asking us to join their new channel
squared this was our introduction to
YouTube this was so exciting but also
really scary I mean we had to post a
video every week we had to put ourselves
online every week where we prepared to
do this no but we faced our fear and it
slowly got easier we learn so much about
YouTube in that first year and we have
Brooklyn Bailey and their family to
thank for that
so thanks for coming Bailey for
introducing us to YouTube when we
finished our degree at the end of 2016
we obviously had more time on our hands
so this is when we decided to post a
video a week on our own channel and this
was really exciting for us
this gave us the opportunity to share
all sorts of content with you guys and
be creative which we love and we can't
actually believe so many people are
interested in watching us our first
video went okay but our second one it
went crazy and now it has 16 million
views we were so excited when we hit a
hundred thousand subscribers and today
we're celebrating almost 1 million
subscribers thank you guys so much we
love you all so much and the comments
that you leave for us
honestly inspire us to make more better
videos for you guys 2017 what a roller
coaster has been first of all we
officially graduated at the beginning of
the year and we got to have the cute
little graduation hats and the gowns and
yes we threw our hats in the air at the
end it was a pretty exciting day then
all of a sudden we were off to Germany
yeah like legit four nights before we
entered Germany but we were asked to go
to Germany to be a part of a Got Talent
sure it was really exciting experience
we didn't really get on in the end but
there's a video about that so you can go
check that out on our channel so this
year we decided to become full-time
youtubers in a pretty awesome Road so
far PSM has a boyfriend ah more about
that later ok so a few videos dance
competitions and a trip to America later
life was pretty good then our lives
changed forever unfortunately two months
ago our dad passed away unexpectedly
this was a huge shock and we're still
struggling to come to terms with it
thankfully we have supportive family and
friends to help us get through this sad
and devastating time life can be pretty
unfair sometimes and catch you by
surprise
so enjoy life today because yesterday is
gone and tomorrow is never promised we
love you dad and we miss you everyday
luckily not long after this time an
exciting opportunity came up that helped
distract us from this tragic time we
can't tell you right now so you're gonna
have to stay tuned for that and that
basically brings us to the end of the
draw my life video Wow and we hope our
drawings weren't too bad and we hope you
found this video interesting to listen
and watch remember we post videos every
Monday on squared and we post every
Thursday on atto
so hopefully we'll see
next week saya
