hey guys I'm Kayden I'm family up dirty
pins
welcome back drop down today we're
showing you guys how to introduce
straight leg Cobian with buck catch or
needle or whatever you know people read
over the tutorial be sure the subscribe
you can turn and give a thumbs up if you
liked it and you can click that bill to
be notified every time I could
so there are really struggled with these
tricks when we first find time to try so
many different things in this crucial
external ax and I forgot you're a pelvic
stretch and then we just caught taxing
time unity oh sorry guys garbage is hard
to don't get in one guy this trip is
actually really hot turkey need
flexibility luck in your life and your
back and your shoulder so do weeks ago
we did a back flexibility tutorial so
the link to that will be in the
description box below
you got these healthy back stretches and
then and we also did a late start
computer last week so both of those
videos will help you want if you need
have warming up but alive before
enrollment and we're ready to go
you need to walk about Odin output this
is circling full exact fishing
Negus so this is a really stretch cruise
there's an old man and he feels ripping
and that's the part of ripping actually
get reviews go in so they're that burn
and then another one you can do is your
head or your head and then you can
sometimes roll your hands push in
schools and then if you have some really
enjoy better start and get something
down load and once you've worn out your
back your shoulders and your legs your
radio so now I'm going to show you guys
some exercises that are specifically for
your school in yes and either one that
we did or not in a memory model so I'm
going to be joining Joe stretch both
legs all the size of your back into the
exercise on first time yeah it is really
more preferred leg students but it will
actually help you prepared like you can
on this one but today we're going to
show you guys Johnson officers and
difficulty does that money okay so go
back you're going to gravity and then
from there try and grab firm and down
and put your angle and then your
services and times whether your head as
far as you can and hold it there and in
fact of keeping a bottom leg stretches
your legging we strike when you do the
needle standing up yes more girl work
so the next exercise then is going to
jump down into the preparation for
submission to arms are going to go to
our club her head and back into a
backbend
if you try to try to grow back to grasp
and grew from here
if not you can run down here and hold if
you can grab your legs
lie down into the split as you can see
this is very similar to a 72 the
audience and practically doing a process
on the board
the next exercise is probably our
favorite exercise because it will
actually still thank you - and yes I
still need help or anything really belen
from Cisco can be like culture the baby
is currently about three sit up so fast
and strong and dirty and then times
behind you like achieving her control
the first leg in the loop
they even use the chart is really
beautiful and then you're missing your
own legs leave your arms straight using
the sound and you're pulling it over
lucky we can add you the wall so that
you can be injected a large amount going
use the cow stretch your legs okay so
we're going to practice capping our legs
and we are doing it underneath so that
we have ones are going to be standing
off you contacted a be my ball
absolutely yeah
once you grab it and you can try and
hold it for your head back so once
you've tried touching your leg on your
knee you can then move to the standard
position now this one is a lot more
challenging and may take a lot more so
you want to throw your arms back you
might if you can and throw your leg up
in too much as you can so really have to
be very powerful and then your eyebrows
and now if you're struggling to balance
while capping that's okay you can just
lean against the wall and try to explain
to me if you already just pull it out
yourself so once you've got your leg try
and calm down far as you can even if it
is that the photos over the ankle where
if you can and just hold this position
you need to get your when you use these
divisions and it's free and try and hold
it no matter where you are it's going to
help you and then from there you time
triangulate a guys remember practice
practice practice
then I really really wanted to get the
trick so we did a little everywhere
until we got it yep and then their pigs
are funny monkey dance do an absolutely
parties helped in some way
comment down below what you'd like to
see us in that's enough time be sure to
keep up with us behind the scenes by
following on Instagram and our music so
yeah all the links on social media in
the description box if you like to check
them out remember got reporters videos
on thread every Monday and we can put
your own account every Thursday so see
you guys next time
Hey
