hey guys I'm heat I've been anybody else
ever contains welcome back today we're
doing a tutorial on back flexibility so
I'm a I'm going to show you tips tricks
and exercises to help you guys improve
or maintain your fats actually people we
get over the tutorial if you show the
subscribe if you haven't and give it a
big thumbs up if you liked it also be
sure to click that don't we get notified
every time we post meter by 3 okay some
people are born really flexible natural
and feel and then it are people who
don't really stick and then up is a
little warm up semi in the mix so yeah
we've actually worked really hard to get
our backpack this because we really
wanted to be really flexible if you're
already flexible can you say so that's
what I love them around at the morning
we heard sentence videos until anything
could use like anything that you want to
get or improve on you have to do every
day Eric
so we already want them to make sure you
all up children's leg kick and when you
move everything up and then you're after
our Ohio I use my room to roll up my god
oh yeah that look ins on my back ball
because of cracks all to my son into the
down dog with a second life so the best
thing I do in has been so I do this
because I feel like it actually gets my
back ready to defend back come to remain
bucks but everybody's different and it
behind hold a hand to my computer nice
obscure wall and relax your back yet so
there's what feed us you can get several
order or do classes they are so we start
with a been back you can either go from
standing fall from the floor depending
on what level you're at we're then going
to rock back and forth transferring our
weight onto our shoulders and then onto
our legs and you're going to try and
stretch your legs as much as you can in
this position make sure you look at the
floor and also don't be scared to your
backpack because that's quite normal in
this position and it's goofy so this
exercise again starts November now from
here you're going to slowly lower down
onto your over try and do one good time
and you try and put your head up as far
as you can
Pradaxa next exercise looks like it so
you're gonna find a mole and you're
going to put your knees and your feet up
against it and you're going to call your
arms in and push again into your here we
go to push back bar and this one you
roll up into a chest box and you bend
your legs and let them relax over your
line here to get your toes on your head
first then your toes on the floor then
you try and put your heels down for the
more advanced you can try and slide out
and stretch your knee so if you can't
get up into a chair pose by yourself get
on you can get home yes gently push you
down and if you don't have any was
healthy you can just purchase some
liquid it awfully weight would help push
your legs down
so here's a quick demonstration of pay
you need and really weights to help get
her legs on floor with this exercise
we're going to do a normal back bend and
then turns going to try and crawl in as
much as she possibly can to her feet and
then stretch your tummy right up to the
roof so you're like Maxine Hubble and
for the people who can you can try and
grab your ankles in this position and
then try and stretch your legs up we're
going to go back into a normal band I
like that
so then going to come halfway up it's
straight legs again
and then you're going to see one two
three oh yeah we normally do three
things
and as I hand the floor breathe and then
you again and you can do that many times
intact so that is why my favorite
exercise we just get to so warm in text
all the practice books but don't be
alarmed oh yeah be just talkin if you
caught me got charlie way this does take
a little strength in your legs should be
yeah how do you get that we don't even
with all the exercise always do to the
caution and remember stretching your
back anything takes a long time
sanitation clean so that's the end of
the barrier to say we hope you guys
enjoy and we work the email something
from a video track by download what
teachers so I'm going to hold the
unforgiveness a year and at the back oh
gee later resurfaced oh no suitable
remember guys we post videos on squid
every moment and we're crispier on after
every survey we'll see you guys next
Thursday
