hey guys I'm taking out them and we are
suricate into welcome back to London
today we're going to show you guys a
compilation of us doing handstands all
around La in iconic places around LA so
before we go in with videos we show the
subscribe if you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up if you liked it
and don't forget to click that bell CBI
notified when we post a video will give
us access into this 503 to comment down
below if you just Christabel so we were
in LA for VidCon as you can see to
adventuring out heading photos and other
enhancements as we usually do hmmm what
will like my only make a video I don't
have to enhance ends everywhere so
there's a few things that happen well to
enhance ends well first of all you don't
make sure you have lots of space you can
pull away you know everyone else doing a
side thing you don't want to get to like
- like in Disneyland or like we had to
wait till people were like no no no you
mustn't places that we went to because
oh I call it crafting places in LA so
very busy so I believe I would do
they're not the only number one number
two hot pavement is another time Lincoln
glog third-degree burns right here
committed right here
you need to ask
you look
Oh
start
you
however I think I am a good job
me
I
so that brings us to the ended video
guys we hope you enjoyed watching
subscribe guys let us know what you want
to stay on our Channel and we'll get
back to you and bring it all back to you
remember we post on squid every Monday
and we boys don't act out every fifth
and so see you guys next time
yeah
