hey guys I'm team I'm Pam and we asked
them if you could welcome back to our
channel so in today's video we've had so
many requests to do a side aerial
teacher so today's agenda takes the day
guys so we are going to take these
actors and steps and since you can help
you get your spot air
or as we like to call a brunch but
before we get over the tutorial to show
the subscribe if you haven't already
anybody become about if you like it
first of all before you do anything you
must warm up in a side aerial or a
brownie you have to have nice split open
bake so we're going to warm up mostly
out
this next exercise is going to help you
guys build up strength in your legs to
take off and do a really high right so I
do anyone what make er that's the leg
that you'll jump on because obviously
that place if you take off from but I'm
a left leg up and time the right leg
associate on a right I'll do mine on my
left but you should do both legs so if
you always hang on in bow so no Hannah
Cole is a coal with my hand so well you
try to do it without hands let's master
a couple surf hunting money couple men
you need to add a half before your heart
then to get more speed momentum you add
a run before your horse and medical run
run hops Cutlass to make sure you get
back hobble as fast and easy
and now we're going to share with you
guys just some really important tips to
think about when you try a brownie so
you'll like a nail your hand so you have
to get legs over really really fast and
underneath your body not out but after
your big help you must turn your body
down toward your knee then you can put
off from there so another tip when you
run run with your arms down we live off
on the hop and bring it into your chest
when you take off and that will help you
with height so brawny is done on the
spot so you hop straight up and down and
this means when you do your hop you step
straight down underneath yourself rather
than stepping out now because so some
people when I first start trying to run
a piece of liquid and it's easy so in
your brawny you must make sure your back
is straight and you're either looking at
flow and we have a secret tip guide are
you ready
so you can use a human to help you get
your front even size because of hue will
help you with your momentum you're
already part way over the cookie so you
stand not at the top of you because you
down the tumbledown like yes
so yeah he'll just use that extra
momentum so review the confidence to
lift your hands up in the back
so in a nutshell you want to do a nice
run up a big hook goes down to your leg
push off as high as you can hide your
hand put your legs get your legs a
response if you can and underneath you
Wow and there's other tips be run in
inertia and you'll nail again and now we
have to do repetition cracker I ever go
to be yet the muscles that you need to
do that trick and also don't be
disheartened if you don't get your 5
Ariel in one day because it takes
everyone's different some people
together than one day some people care
in a kind of it yes it's fine as long as
you keep practicing until you get it
then do it and also you'll never turn up
but also your muscles are probably going
to be really sore from trying a new
trick so I don't be scared that you have
to know that that silly little and some
people complain about your ankles as
well so be aware of that but something
again is the muscles already I could try
to get used to the same beautiful trip
users and you might get your side aerial
and then the next day you just can't do
it
don't worry that happens all the time
it's fine just keep practicing and
you're gonna get attack again I'm pretty
here and you know how to be here in your
how to do it you get back there so
that's the end of the video we hope you
guys enjoyed it and we hope you learned
something today
yep even if it was just one thing to
help you guys improve your side area but
you already helped yep
making comments down below if you've
ever tried to do a side aerial brownie
Johanna come or if you can already do it
she share with us also comment down
below what tutorials like us to do knit
and remember we post videos on squares
every Monday and we hope videos on this
count every Thursday you want to give it
a like thumbs up subscribe touch back
down and we'll be right there with us
we're just look so see you guys makes
perfect see yes
