hey guys I'm vegan I'm 10 and Pierce's
and we are riveted welcome back to our
channel so today PSM and I are doing a
double try on haul and review the
bullies are really really cheap bashing
website cook so much like accessories hi
Gretch everything off everything but
some people get like a little bit my oh
my gosh because it's so cheap not going
to like get my order of the place I
don't really trust again
that's pretty we got some PR product
okay here they stand all the products
that we order looks like the ones that
we got and we're also going to put the
links to everything that we wear in the
description box below so you guys can
check that out
hope you guys enjoyed this video before
we get on with this be sure to subscribe
if you haven't already to get a big
thumbs up if you like to the best
outfits are these dolls it polishes I
got mine in racine concern but like this
unspoken D red color and we I love it
with some denim short really love this
v-neck line and steam stuff and these
socks that we're wearing are also some
support
sigh next outfit of the bullet Ares
bodysuit these glamorous glamorous this
sparkly pink styled our be boxing today
with some casual denim shorts my love
life stands only that much as my
recorder fear with the high the front
yeah and I love this detail of how to
mesh and bends of the season and you can
dress it up within a few years you might
buy boots for something
ladies our next outfit and we clearly
like these colors long so let me keep
them again but we've changed it up on
some of the examples opening so yeah
unlike the trophies on me search of a
soybean right now and just because I
love a good joke and also of the
shoulder or is assignment if you get
scolded
sorry again we've got finger at I don't
know what we were thinking I've become
so popular right ten thousand slightly
sweet I've got my turn off the shoulders
and I have time I turned up in the
structure and week I didn't really tell
us or even go out like how to keep you a
bit warmer and if you get high yeah
very summery actually pretty nice and
again we just started with seven short
it's so much easier to stop in rather
than run your dress it's very short and
I love copiously here we are again with
the choker and also I love this day
design and the embroidery are soft
so we did dress I really like the
material palette
but it is a bit big for me
spaghetti strapp tonight I really like
to do and be neckline as well I really
like these my food options
my really fresh from life no money not
being read in blue chocolate banana sit
down Kennesaw business he's like I know
what we're talking about but it's really
disheartening Levin artist Justin
Johnson they were blue and white crunchy
yes so we all see I think that they stay
on this love more worry less all tear up
like to you will be positive and
creative he's actually very comfortable
and happy
stays on it's not falling down stage or
20 which is awesome
and yes really concept and that's the
end of our fashion whole video we hope
you guys enjoyed it if you liked any of
the outfits you can charge it to come
out in the description box we value work
with less all of them in the description
box versus relative speed of access
comment down below which after with your
favorite and also remember we post on
swear every Monday and we closed on our
channel every survey to receive as an
exorcist
see
