hey guys I'm Keegan I'm Sam and we are
derivatives welcome back to our channel
for Antiguans new room guys so it's
little tricky roomie you want to check
out last week's beer which was my room
Micawber and little room for minutes on
our town for today's video 10 math
decided to do category I'm sure lots of
you have this games for best game ever
obviously we have a category so let's
say is shop okay then we take turns
insane I shot some surf shop that come
to our minds my website table target
home bar by their suppose want to not be
anything if anything and then Lewis and
the other one discipline into that
satisfy their whirlwind swimmers drown
before we get a challenge over subscribe
if you haven't already and give the
pixel if you like it sorry let's make
the first category okay target Vinny big
w go call it cool it pull it
okay great
Rick Carelli fashion malli go let's go
can't niggas Zara touch-up program for
me today
show me the camera show um I think I
love made a couple room set
yeah that could be hold in three seconds
the next time I'm like all right cool
one get stricter in the metro
fizzle hubby Jeff McDonald thank you
taking train Red Rooster huh the taifa
Chinese restaurant
Paul Cameron Crowe's pizzeria um Kenneth
Cole's breasts wedded headdress
Christina Zilber
darn Oh three to the next category vegan
oh shut me off the scene what was
already gone around cuz it would be
broken cells Donna guys comment down
below TC Congress key implants made it
Tintin thunder westbam freiza
everyone litter
Cuba sir
Lions may feel fly shop wild insulin see
what better than an atom gun
comment down below one Antilochus what
did you say
are you gonna do
sorry once's way wow I need to do okay
so now even I've got one more category
to ever win discography to speak with it
I'll be chilling ice cream begin
meatballs
ah careful
what cabin are Redskins chicken special
cake apple sprinkles orange pear right
great but on mega graduate I got it
orange
how come community since really good
actually
that's good come on really inspired now
in the next at the end of the video guy
have you guys enjoyed watching comment
down below what's your favorite since we
want to know what you guys on seeing up
to next
remember we fight every Monday on the
squared twins channel and post every
Thursday this chance to see you guys
next
