hey guys I'm tan I'm Sam and we asked
direction
welcome back to our Channel in
celebration of lovers day we are
featuring our mum in today's video yeah
we are going to do some aqua together
well we are going to try and do some
Akron's so now this is going to go but
before we get ours videos be sure to
subscribe
Gavin already and give it a big thumbs
up if you liked it
don't wear yourself out one without a
backless today because you know the
pedigree room and I'm going to do a
double back handspring back up really
moment alright move team ever see this
I've never seen this we said we'd spot
mum wonder why
mom you are nailing this you better than
me bye
yes sir I'm a raw egg or needs how to
lift easy you're hoping
Wow
you would be soulful mothers
now Jackson
then try three hi
all right guys prenups we felt any
conference and stuff
whoa and ocean
like that
you hook it up but whether oh say is
another thing I have faced mom okay
so guys let's do it we're doing a press
update mummys diet he needs a break mom
you must never give up never give up
whoa whoa mom's having a mini update
done by this guy oh darn I had a feeling
so is breaking out rotten right now all
right come over this a teeny bit
wonderful
all right ready 5 6 JV good yeah thank
you very much Aloha we made it through
the video you just like that happy
Mother's Day to all these fabulous
models out there hope you have a great
day
yes that's more ever in the world
comment down below what you are doing my
Mother's Day yeah what are you guys
doing from us a comment down below so
yeah we like to welcome up because every
Monday on thread and everything on
discount so see you guys next Thursday
