hey guys I'm Caitlin I'm Sam and we are
derivative welcome back to our channel
in today's video in celebration of
Easter coming up in the weekend yeah
added to do you see chocolate eating
Easter challenge James Ben oh yeah so
this is a really fun game to do with
your friends so get some friends come on
over Cup so this is Nikita Peter and the
chocolate in game is illness I can
chocalate a knife and fork and you need
some props so because it's easily
decided anything funny in a little burg
and a photo jacket to put on we're all
going to sit in like a certain things
and roll the dice and the idea is to
roll a six now if your own safety have
to put the body and on put the bone and
about to jehanne really quickly and then
you have to start eating as much
chocolate as you can until the next
person rolls yet see you could if you're
lucky to have the whole bar by yourself
which would be ideal yeah sorry you're
kind of hoping over yeah people begin up
with games to show to subscribe if gamma
ray and you too big fella
if you like it
oh I'm excited I know
for me you are your own not being
bigoted
we need a guide under the room you don't
know hopefully about the voice I'll give
you this
are you
oh let me give you Dublin house poor
take a row broken so that no one can see
any light in there we go we say just yes
it is whopping you say but concise
throws exhale once house indicator
natural join
damn it go don't thank you Oh pudding
sorry
hold on
no a long way
here on the video and i am sarolta eke
no soldier okay so now as we've got
closer to the end of the block we're
going to put a 30-second time bomb on
like a climber and when we and whoever's
got the we were just eating the to a
grab the end of the service I can't get
to win this I get to take the whole
block hi I'm working at Sam I'm hoping
it releases me all right Wow oh my god I
didn't know no baby no
I think ISO brings us to end this year
comment down below what your favorite
chocolate should definitely try fighters
very different waterfall yes Harry get
your family together Kimora you guys
never get here you air and say to us
well I thank you so much - Cheers
- you are beautiful thank God our video
today I'm visual check out his YouTube
channel the link to hotel will be in the
description box below and if you use
social media to my Instagram page movie
and distributor model and blowback
remember we post videos on sweat every
Monday and post videos on our channel
every Thursday and happy so see you guys
whoa yeah
