hey guys I'm Keegan I'm Sam aka Belle
aka dopey and together we are beauty and
today's video we are doing the extreme
yoga challenge but we are obviously care
about our spell and the bees so we
decided to dress up as Beauty and the
Beast today because we're so excited to
see the emu yeah we are so before we get
on to extreme yoga challenge video
subscribe if you haven't already and
your big thumbs up if you liked it right
number one cameraman down
I get back
all right yeah - next time on this is
Holi
my dress you today
ah
all righty then
well you know I'm a bit for to be happy
time like I almost died he's out you
ever look great while I am my back right
am
hot dogs to a modest restaurant look
pretty close debt and the next question
look at my loan man okay I'll be by
security Delta bass drop them dropped in
base
Oh
they were no beef can't do that
yes
and that brings us to the end of the
video we hope you guys enjoyed it
comment down below if you've seen the
new media and you like that many mattr
on the oiliness or comment down below
which yoga poses your favorite pose you
want to click that notification now so
you honor and find every time we post
which is every Thursday so see you guys
next visit
