hey guys I'm T I'm Sam and we outdoor
kitchen spoke back to our Channel
today guys we're here at Central Park
and we're doing the extreme yoga
challenge with some very special guests
that you might even know and we are we
are from dance mom besides a
crazy-amazing here you see that's so
flexible it's going very interesting to
see how this goes today maybe the best
so obviously i'm teamed up with lily to
totally match and and I'm teaming up
with Ellie's routine white versus Team
Red Team Red Team Red Team light all
right guys before we get into the video
be sure to subscribe you captain are on
edge give it a big thumbs up if you
liked it and don't forget guys click
tech right down next Robinson has moon
but every time recipe and be sure to
follow us and hola social media
lily and Eliana's as we look down below
as well and if you really liked this
video press the Chicago let's go
so guys just a little reminder of how
this work it's the first pair to get
into the pros and hold it for at least
three seconds is the winner of each
round yeah and we have to make sure our
arms and feet and legs are all in the
correct positions that's why we have to
really analyze the picture yeah
attention to detail is key hey you guys
ready right yeah
number one let's go
three two one go
is going on
okay
we're time yeah I mean I'll just really
quick three two one I think it was him
three two one go
okay so we all thought that these guys
want to say come to the close first but
we actually want because we had the
correct arms yeah Morgan awesome I think
that makes us taya yes so I went back to
being taught
buzzing David what team I think we just
check the footage and Ellie and I won
that round Josh
yes three two one go
oh gosh she's had to call that one a
troll sorry that means le knives to one
off and let's go to the next round
ready three two one go
oh my gosh wait what yes we can yes we
can
three-two-one
whoa
when you try your best but you don't
succeed
okay
three two one go
thank you so much
so emily has some flex payments yeah I
feel like straight up but you can't lie
to me she has to be a straight-on so we
didn't give us the point not to lie
because it wasn't correct and on the
tribe yeah yeah yeah and three two one
go
okay let's check the tape you did but
let's have a look celebrating tonight
alright guys so that brings us to the
end video and it's up to you guys to
decide who you think won so we couldn't
decide we kept watching it over and wil
like did a Liana hold for three seconds
when and then Liana have sorted read and
we got into the faucet but Tardelli
colder it's up to you guys to put me
down letting watch on Team red right
thank you so much to Billy and Eleana
for being in our video today you guys
were amazing
alright guys remember old sideburns
don't spend every single Monday
so see you guys next NASA yeah
