it's Carly that 11:30 book
physical-chemical
hello mr. cavros we've decided to come
practice because we're going to Jimmy
tomorrow
packs me 11:30 let's do this and it's
really me outside like a large scary
suppose on the mole hole damage is known
we're in the biggest airport right now
hello everyone right now I'm not really
addressing this stuff
yeah so the seatbelts are on the
opposite sides are my wear seatbelts
it's done instead my big trip to Germany
came completely out of the blue we only
found out that we're going to Germany a
week before this experience so we were
contacted by producer who invited us to
be a part of the big primetime
entertainment show in Germany and
somehow through their research they
found our YouTube videos of when we
performed on Australia's Got Talent so
they wanted us to do another app either
the same or different
so as this show had been organised for
months and they only found us a week
before filming they said that all the
actually been chosen and there wasn't
any spots left but somehow they wanted
to bring us over as a backup act and try
and get us on the show and they said
that it was very likely that we get on
the show
so we just got into Germany a few hours
ago and then we don't take into our
hotel with to run up yep and we're just
about to leave for our first person
lines de costume and write one all today
the day we got
day two we have no idea what we're doing
yet because I am being told is that we
have to be at the studios whose amazing
is croissants and eggs and yogurt and
milk and means Li and their bread hairs
to die
and waiting the making cup of fallen out
before needs to be earlier than this
mistake and now we're going to for
reading touching is actually remnants of
snow and we've never seen or touched oh
well I think it's no I don't know what
this is
oh I think it's over okay so we're just
waiting for our driver who I can come
pick us up here so we were here today
like 1:30 full time like 1:45 and then
we're going to message saying no for us
and another note companies that is mad
and now we're just waiting in waiting a
lot of these processes and then
someone's like when you guys waiting
probably like we hope okay so we're
trying the back foot bed C mom the
professional you just landed
she's like she sees the room that we are
chilling in tonight we are the backup I
mean we have a saying on Leon you know
we're just wait to be cold because now
I'm hoping to what we did to what should
I be treated office what's the reason
look my new Alaskan Gary
is Wow this is actually what you tell me
how symmetry like a fool in color Jonah
your mom can't handsome girdle can't
want to go get eaten by which nation so
this is you English garden
apparently this pastas bigger than
Central Park and Hyde Park in work way
yeah so this is like riding the Middle
English garden like it's a really random
the famous tourist bus where people come
to watch people sir
that artichoke on the head off my hump
make your a three two one and action
oh thank you
pink save a show that's all we've got so
guys back in this lovely room about and
now we're just waiting for production to
come talk to us just have rehearsal in
this room was it at 9:15 slime defense
they want us to have these big props so
you know like even got put this in your
acts and so we were with the
choreographer physics awesome she was
helping us Tyson weird change bits and
pieces so we kept going over and over
that and then another corner became very
very loose now you get a practice
practice practice practice
so today we were expecting a call to go
in for rehearsals as we were meant to be
inside this show which is tomorrow
sadly we didn't get a call which we knew
was a possibility we were waiting and
waiting waiting about five o'clock with
your name out saying yeah don't worry
about it today have a day off I've only
ever seen that on postcard I've never
seen
okay we're biking and through Germany
without Lubeck trying up to die ended up
getting an enzyme itself in training a
single wife I am Hannah very much and
from it is my now feel like we have to
go running back my hotels on the train
making I guess who just warming Ottoman
lady just came in as head we don't need
you for rehearsals anymore sorry there's
no spot for you anymore so yeah I'm like
can we please speak to a higher personal
and the person in charge you know he
said sorry they really want to find by
the creative chamber than the chief is
going out who's on and off and power yet
look okay in you yeah cool image boxes
into explaining to me that's cool yeah I
tell you what they actually one thing
about this about the hall we are
currently watching show number three and
we're in our own little private room
watching on the screen so the best show
before in this action audience
EBA 1024 you don't really did you - you
might need to move this is good minion
like don't forget like during that show
because that wasn't really costing as
much speaks out so sorry insane and
we're going to be able to lay on anyway
because there was gonna be Chancellor
there are a lot of the audience that
would be laughing who admittedly only
slight thing he has very sad to illumine
film she likes which is hoping that none
for the next story is our show
so fingers on then we got this even so
we do know I'm not getting on the show
which was really disappointing but we
had such a great time in Germany and so
great versus has the opportunity to go
and region so be it either way is an
amazing so we are currently packing
because we are going home
