what's up guys so today I don't have
taken with me nan so leadership is right
over there
hey guys I'm Canyon I'm 10 and we
absolutely head welcome back to our
channel in today's video we are doing a
hair tutorial and we're doing around 6
bad boy we have a lot of requests in the
past about how we do this hairstyle
which we wear for competitions dances
yep so if you want to see how we do this
next I'll consider why are you watching
as you see it does take a little while
to Moscow people we get over the video
be sure to subscribe if you have learned
and give a big thumbs up if you like so
you thought about rocking her hair and
then you start pull out your hair like a
friend you can jump on a plane and brush
it out there you can see them even
without any more on this side so Dustin
put a lucky in the rest of your head
along it is one lucky ball one lucky fun
fun cool and this is all your hair it's
Garvey are going to crimp it because
creaming is a secret
it is all you can cut my head quiet
seeing I creep it to give it so late you
go missing singing simulation so down
from that section comes out to noon and
then I think that physics is back and a
secure it with a pin that is a lot
little vaisya community mega I'll be
fine Inquisitor look peacefully so I
have threatening your license right
wraps it up okay I'm rocking it out
begin to be mobile LM to be too shaped
and a negative sign is wrong to send to
Otis then you know
push it up try to type it in your hand
keep pushing it forward
k5 to learn good still mad at your pet
if you spray and then it gets and while
you that push before foot way back so it
goes forward are you going four or five
of the pencil I'll make sure it's saving
you don't want any part coming out comin
spread it and then can and if you think
you don't you I like I think I are then
you can gently like push it down while
shaking in as well first make sure it's
all even so you can amend like a square
time it'll look even all where else and
then the tricky part is cleaning 3.0 in
our like pulling it back I just gonna be
really careful that you don't come to
work of our time just before you could
lose your life slowly we go
what are we doing that and then I just
put black moon really slowly could be
computed cooling or not be translated
final same position and you don't
remember you comment down below if
either have to do a quiz for performance
before yeah we hope you guys enjoyed
watching our tutorial be sure to watch
all of our videos on our channel
notifications the little bells and that
will help identify you when we post
videos see you guys next day
