hey guys I'm tagging I'm Sam and we are
caricatures welcome back to my channel
in today's video we are sharing with you
guys things that dancers can relate to
even if you're not advanced that's okay
you can just see what happened in the
world of death be sure to subscribe if
you haven't already and give it a big
thumbs up if you liked it
can't see anywhere and everywhere even
at the shop gold or candy have your head
down and you don't realize that everyone
else is moved on
when you're trying to capture that
perfect photo and everything is against
you
when you're warming up in your joints
crack and non-dancers a lot what oh my
god if you dance when you have so many
dance and clothes to pick from but you
just still feel like there's nothing to
wear
I literally have nothing to wear when
you're posing for a photo with your
school friends and you chuckle eggman
and then you light up not my dancing
friends what are you doing Oh
when dance is your number one priority
and it takes over your life even though
you have homework are you doing your
homework yeah
have you got that speech tomorrow
shouldn't you be practicing for that
yeah I'm doing you
when people think dancers always eat
healthy so because your dancer does that
mean you have a really strict diet mmm
so strict like really strict so when you
dance no matter what
what are you doing dancing where's your
ballet you can't buy that into
ballet star things us to the end of the
video we hope you guys enjoyed watching
please comment down below if you could
relate to this video or comment down
below it really save them that you'd
like seen and on the music remember we
post every Thursday so it be sure to
subscribe and you can even cook a little
notifications but until that you get a
notification every time is this video
we'll see you guys next Thursday see ya
