hey guys my room kitchen welcome back to
our Channel today we are doing the
tennspeed
flash-forward walkover challenge but the
line phone at this time yep so we're
going to see how many T's skis
flash-forward walkovers we can do in 15
seconds of speed line okay
now this could be dangerous so make sure
if you're not that confident maybe don't
do it if you have an ouchy how many we
could do if we're like so we've actually
already done this challenge
so yeah let's see how we go doing a
flight it was a challenge be sure to
subscribe if you haven't already and
give it a big thumbs up if you liked it
how do you feel actually pretty good I I
went slower
that was my tactic I just took my time I
feel icky I'm really fast you get really
easy but I'm not sure any tips for me I
mean 16 well boy turn another gay gamer
on Sam so I got 16 so sounds going to
have a second fret
so I just did 17 with a blindfold on I
don't know how is it I like a time
without one anyway do you have to be
more does F change win let's do it ready
set
so BG bedrock I'm going to be every also
gonna be like garbage basement but
please let me show you the ahead let
your mind seeing the ground and maybe
buddy approaches start doing a courage
or nothing now get it okay sir that's
all we have time please you have got a
challenge which those are my company you
can do when you're blind forever
alright to see you guys next week see ya
