hey guys hey we are currently at the
Hollywood
it's empty just from life on top of the
world right now kind of look at the view
look at the view
I'm Tegan I'm Sam and we are the rib
tutors be sure to subscribe if you
haven't already and give a big thumbs up
if you like it
so in this week two years Sam and I are
going to tell you guys how we got this
close to the Hollywood sign
you
so a lot of people tell us that you
can't actually get close to the
Hollywood sign unless you hike up there
and if you do hike up there you can get
up to the very top and stand behind the
Hollywood sign then you don't get the
Hollywood sign in your picture we get
them on oh sorry about that so but we
really wanted to picture in front of the
Hollywood sign so that we could hold the
hot day anyway so I asked people where
was the best place to take a picture on
the Hollywood sign everyone was
suggested to us the Griffith Observatory
so we got to do but up to the Griffith
Observatory and it was so busy there was
so many people had to wait in line on a
hill with haters going on and it was
like went in like winding roads and it's
just a full car people and crazy by the
time we actually got up to the
observatory we would ramble that where's
the holy balloon ha anyway we eventually
spotted it but it was like a sign it's
just a really fine by way quite small
and for us we wanted it to be equal
again yeah it's a were quite
disappointed because we
The Hollywood time to be like massive
and
anyway if you if you want to get to
Hollywood sign and have a nice ofcourse
we suggest this way
definitely the observatory was great for
the view of LA it was beautiful but but
not for the Hollywood yeah
if you just want the Hollywood sign this
is
so much quicker as well you went traffic
Julia and this made of spots this very
photos watching this opportunity and
then if you go down there there's
another plaque book that people taking
pictures there a problem and then
there's another path if now gets a
circulating the lines but there's people
coming and going all day it's so funny
it's just a sign that's so cool
sorry are you ready for the secret
location reveal holy the time is in fact
right now Japan you might try 3,000 can
you like dry and this take that write
that out put it in scuba taxi
we're navigator get TomTom and whatever
Yetta right here and I will take you
straight to this amazing spot yeah
that's all we have time for tea because
we are going to enjoy the beautiful
please comment down below if you have a
better way of getting to the sign if you
can get in closer or you like a spot
better then this please let us write
down comment down below tell us how you
got that II hope you guys enjoyed this
video see you guys next time
say up
