hello and welcome to the pineapple
dancefloor my name's Ben and my name is
Carly Carly what's new in the dance
world these days and we have those two
girls in last week who are pretty cool
taking class the pineapple yes we did
the Rybka twins can't find apple the
doom class all week and they turned out
to be two very famous very talented
dancers from Australia leg out they did
and down we've got an interview with
them which was brilliant and they caught
Ben and move well they taught me move
all right
I'm actually still in pain from it so
thank you very much and yeah it was
pretty great though we should just check
it out yeah do not try this out please
don't try this out unless you're very
flexible try it a bit warm up try it
okay try warm up you'll be fine
stretch careful so I'm Tim I'm Ann and
I'm Sam and you have been coming to tied
up with all the week and rocking out in
everything your class and what brought
you here
I want a dance competition where I 123
dance balance to take a powerful but
I've shared the precious
and and just decided to join taking off
after ya know one thing
so coming where you're from here from
Perth Western Australia so you traveled
all the way over here and it would be
your first time Matt - yes first time
what do you think love it amazing
amazing so many different classes and so
begin yeah such a great variety like
alright another born yep any different
every time in the classes was so
inspiring so what you doing only plan is
going to work thing is all these yeah
and to produce with the red phone box
cookie and voila yeah yeah turnout and
did you guys find a beer oh yeah yeah we
did like with them so I don't have to
love you to teach me something but I
party hospital maybe you can maybe do
for them sure yeah yeah okay I'm gonna
pay the camera and you're going to teach
him something
okay so I am pleasure do plus you guys
human
nice
my finest moment
but a
amazing it
Walmart track okay try warm up you'll be
fine
stretch careful
if you'd like to know more you can check
out our website and make sure you follow
us on social media is a quick
you
