it was a solemn but emotional event for
many survivors one year later and
blessing my sherry is inconsolable she
survived last year's disaster because
the torrential rains kept her away from
our home the night before on the morning
of August 14 2017 she arrived at the
family compound 17 members of our family
including a husband of only seven months
were all gone I can't do anything since
they died sometimes I cry all day so on
this day we gather to pray for them and
forgot to give me the strength to
continue but it is not easy she and a
few hundred others are here to remember
the dead and to offer prayers they never
had the chance to offer last year this
is the first time many of the survivors
have come this close to the scene of the
disaster in 2017 the pain on the faces
of some is as fresh because it was
simply needed aftermath with hundreds of
people warmly and friends still
unaccounted for it's hard for many to
have closure
the United Nations and environmentalists
have long warned of disasters like the
mudslide in a country where the
environment is degraded at a fast rate
president Julia's mother Bo said Sierra
Leone is a world's third most vulnerable
nation when it comes to the adverse
effect of climate change related
disasters and he said his government
plans to come down hard on people
helping to accelerate that change
environmentalist Brima Koroma says in
Freetown alone there are 36 different
sites while this disaster can happen and
the reasons are obvious over the years
these areas are continually been
degraded amel and being the great being
been deforested and over the years I
mean settlement group has also
permissible DZ friend and therefore s
last Emilia sterile environment and this
is trans to continues back at the site
of the disaster new tree seedlings are
being planted and the government plans
to build a monument to remember the
victims a few meters from here president
made a view on others lay wreaths as a
mark of Honor survivors say they want to
see more done before they find closure
and to get back on their feet for now it
looks like it could take much longer to
realize that our mighty trees al jazeera
motto me
