it was here in the arid Northeast of
Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva enjoyed
strong supporters president with his
social programs that helped alleviate
poverty his imprisonment earlier this
year for corruption as part of the huge
car wash scandal has left many voters
disillusioned with their politicians and
cynical about the political process
there was no confidence in the electoral
process Brazilians don't trust
politicians especially with all these
corruption probes I don't see anyone
talking about the elections Lula as is
popularly known is still ahead in the
opinion polls his supporters believe
he's innocent their country's struggling
to emerge from this session they
remember that between 2003 and 2010 he
oversaw a booming economy and they
believe he can save them again Lula Lula
there is no other options
Lula Lula Lula he's a political prisoner
he wasn't condemned there is no proof
against him and he was arrested it's
unlikely however that Lula will be able
to stand the absence has created a
political void it's never been easy to
represent a country so huge so
ethnically diverse so rich and yet so
poor but really have Brazil's
politicians involved in a huge
corruption scandal often hiding in
distant Brasilia been so
unrepresentative of the Brazilian
electorate tapping in for that
disillusionment is the
anti-establishment
right-wing military man jaaa Bolton
aural his support is growing especially
in census far from Brasilia and the well
to stop Paulo unreal when we talk about
candidates we are on hold people in
general don't trust any of the
candidates however I have kind of
decided my candidate it's going to be
Bolton ro
however opinion polls suggest that more
than half the Brazilian electorate don't
know who to vote for or don't like any
of the choices on offer and won't cast a
ballot
despite voting being obligatory I think
Brazil is heading towards complete chaos
that is my impression politicians are
not governing it's a complete mess those
same politicians are now faced with the
challenge of convincing at
Ritt electorate in the country of more
than 200 million inhabitants that they
have the solutions to Brazil's many
problems then Shriner al-jazeera
Brasilia
