we've seen this all before and the
run-up to previous global crises notably
the Asian financial crisis of the late
90s and that's why investors are
concerned turkey and gorged itself with
cheap foreign loans many held in US
dollars when interest rates were low in
the US and elsewhere
foreign capital flows also poured in to
take advantage of relatively higher
interest rates in Turkey a financial
bubble expanded as the cash flowed in
but now global economic conditions have
changed u.s. interest rates have risen
making the u.s. an attractive investment
destination the u.s. dollar has
strengthened making it more expensive to
pay back dollar denominated loans with
the Turkish lira and amid several
political tussles Donald Trump appears
determined to use the us's economic
clout to stamp what he feels is
Washington's supremacy over Ankara when
the markets the global markets were
flooded with cheap and $3 everybody got
terribly excited particularly across
emerging and frontier markets and we've
seen a winter shove a turn here the
dollar has been weaponized whether it's
deliberate or by design president
Erdogan says he will not raise interest
rates to stabilize the Turkish lira so
with the lira plunging it's unclear
whether Turkey can meet its debt
payments that may potentially be
disastrous for the global financial
system European banks for example are
owed tens of billions of dollars in debt
u.s. investors have massive exposure to
Turkish bonds and stocks some investors
are making a fortune betting against
Turkey others however are panicking and
that's where the global risk of
contagion arises Global Emerging Markets
hold 2.7 trillion dollars of the US
dollar denominated debt that needs to be
paid off or refinanced by 2025 but they
often face the same economic conditions
as Turkey investors already beginning to
flee other emerging economies that it
isn't clear how deep the contagion will
spread some are personalizing the
prospect of widespread economic turmoil
as the fault of two strong men however
others say this is mistaken there are
all these special considerations there
are always special facts but when you
have the same
pattern of capitalist crisis responded
to by a set of policies that then bring
the next crisis into play you sooner or
later have to wise up and realize this
is a systemic problem yet politicians
and bankers remain unwilling to address
the cycle of boom and bust that
characterizes global capitalism and that
arguably has helped the rise of such
strongmen in the first place Sher Burton
see Al Jazeera
