the accusations are stunning in scale
more than 1,000 victims of more than 300
Roman Catholic priests for decades they
escaped justice because of a systematic
cover-up that included high-ranking
church officials and allegedly went all
the way to the Vatican priests were
raped raping little boys and girls and
the men of God who were responsible for
them not only did nothing they hid it
all for decades the landmark report
compiled by a secret grand jury in the
state of Pennsylvania took two years to
compile many victims have been waiting
decades for their voices to be heard and
their pain to be acknowledged
Sean Daugherty says he was abused as a
child by a priest at his school whom
other children had complained about you
know the school protected him and
allowed me and three of my friends in
our eighth grade year to help pack his
belongings in the rectory pack up the
car and go to the new parish in the new
school and spend the first night in the
new rectory with them and he was being
transferred for sexually abusing two
brothers two priests have been charged
and one has already pleaded guilty to
molesting a seven-year-old boy as a
result of the investigation many of the
crimes outlined in the report however
took place too long ago to be criminally
prosecuted the report places significant
blame on a former bishop of the Diocese
of Pittsburgh Cardinal Donald Wuerl for
what it describes as his role in
covering up abuse were now the head of
the Archdiocese of Washington DC
responded in a written statement saying
that he acted with diligence with
concern for the victims and to prevent
future abuse in July Pope Francis
accepted the resignation of Archbishop
Theodore McCarrick from the College of
Cardinals one of the church's most
powerful bodies amid allegations of
molestation and sexual misconduct
I believe the bishops if they give us
the opportunity to find the Justice that
we need an apology isn't enough for Sean
Daugherty and other victims who are
calling on lawmakers to change the
statute of limitations and force the
Catholic Church to finally pay for its
sins christen salumi ow
Zera Harrisburg
