at a busy intersection behind a
nondescript door is a safe haven for
drug addicts here at the corner project
they can grab a nap on a comfortable
chair or pick up clean needles or
referral to detox and last year the
corner project saved 65 lives including
that of this recovering addict I've
spent most of my life in jail 39 year
old Damien Zamora now works here
monitoring the bathrooms where he
himself has overdosed I've overdosed
more than one time and they didn't give
up on me
no second time three times a lot of
times yeah and so finally I got tired
you're right anyone can use the
bathrooms for 15 minutes so workers
check on those inside periodically just
in case if they don't answer we have an
overdose response this is the crash kit
overdoses hit an all-time high in the
u.s. last year around the city
Liz Evans the director of the coroner
project says having a place where
addicts are more openly allowed to shoot
up like this supervised injection site
she helped start in Vancouver Canada
would save even more lives
she says addicts there were 30 percent
more likely to seek treatment supervised
injection site save lives supervised
injection sites are a way for people to
connect with care to get a message that
while they are still actively caught up
in their life of addiction that somebody
is there to make sure that when they do
overdose that they don't die here in New
York City Hall has been pushing to open
for supervised injection facilities or
as they prefer to call them overdose
prevention centers in New York's not
alone
officials in Seattle San Francisco and
Philadelphia are also exploring the idea
but the problem is federal law which
makes it a crime to knowingly operate
any facility where illegal drugs are
being used and the city's special
narcotics prosecutor says the treatment
statistics cited by the corner project
are outdated
last year overdoses in Vancouver
increased by more than 50 percent we're
in New York they've stay
lies we were only up by three percent
just to give them a place where they can
shoot up drugs and walk out I don't
think you've done a thing for that
person but help them destroy their own
life still Damien insists he would not
be alive or clean for his daughter were
it not for the support he received here
after being revived no I have a job and
have a chance to help other people and
maybe I could reach that one person so
Kristen salumi al-jazeera New York
