the palace of Westminster's a sleepy
place in August as the politicians are
on holiday yet during rush hour this was
the scene as heavily armed police
swooped on a car which had apparently
been driven deliberately into the crash
barriers surrounding the Parliament the
force of the collision clearly seen to
have crumpled the whole front of the
small car its only occupant showing no
resistance as officers calmly took him
out and led him away
the question is who is he and what was
his motivation as he crossed lanes
unaccelerated to point his car at
parliaments the driver plowed through a
group of cyclists at least one was
injured
though not seriously by now the full
security apparatus had moved him there
were no weapons in the car but the
incident was soon treated as
terrorist-related
the driver was refusing to answer
questions from the police and they
didn't know anything about him cause he
now is to formally establish the
identity of the suspect and establish
his motivation if we can he is not
currently cooperating as the morning
wore on it became clear there was no
further threat though the government's
fall counterterrorism unit met to
discuss what they did or didn't know
about the man if the aim of this was to
repeat last year's attack on Westminster
Bridge then it was more or less a
complete failure but if the point was to
prove that it is still possible to hit
an emblematic target like the houses of
parliament then clearly it succeeded
this was at the same time not a major
incident but something that the security
services are taking very seriously
indeed of course there are strong
reasons for the security services to be
worried last year a car attack on
Westminster killed six people including
a police officer and injured 50 what
this was isn't yet clear but it is at
least a reminder that no security can
protect everything
Lawrence Lee al-jazeera London
