a swollen river overturned cars and
thousands of Filipinos desperate for
help
tropical storm yogi Pitts Manila's
Marikina City with heavy rain causing
major flooding this gym is one of the
places many of the displaced found
shelter flood waters inundated our home
the river overflowed we have no place to
stay and that is why we are staying here
disaster management officials said that
in just eight hours the Marikina River
rose from 16 to 21 meters just shy of
the record 23 meters nine years ago when
700 people were killed
this weekend's flooding left behind
mounds of mud and debris everywhere a
house was flooded and when we went back
this morning to clean it it was all
washed out and in the middle of the road
city officials are asking the
international community for help they
want to strengthen and build up their
flood control infrastructure we are
occurring River was and we are now
improving our damage networks and as the
typhoon season continues Marikina City
and other low-lying parts of the
Philippines are bracing for more
flooding
Paul Trader G on al Jazeera
