walking through every the street people
take nervous glances at the foreign
exchange screens wondering how much less
their money might now be worth the
dollar is up the price is a rapper what
she wants to buy overruns her budget
give me a discount please a request is
turned down Turkish Liras down at least
30 percent against the dollar in ten
days this doesn't only hurt the buyers
but the sellers too including Tibet cart
off he has run this shop for at least 20
years half of his products are imported
its costs have risen tremendously we are
almost at stagnation waiting for
exchange rates to settle by purchasing
dollars so my costs increased 40% I'll
have to reflect this in my prices
however exporters are happy with the
depreciating lira owner who has run the
silver wholesaler with his brothers for
20 years says his profits have grown
although I import my products I export
them all we don't have a problem my
profit margin is bigger now also we
bring foreign exchange to our country
but their certainty worries everyone the
Finance Ministry says it has an action
plan to help ease the market's concerns
and Turkey's central bank has pledged to
provide all the liquidity needed by the
banks many economists say the markets
demand an interest hike to stop the lira
strombel but president are John and his
financial team are totally against them
our dawn says this is a speculative
attack against the lira by foreign
countries and might continue if it does
experts fear it could have a spillover
effect into Europe where Turkey's
biggest lenders are seen AAMCO solo al
Jazeera Istanbul
