this is the latest corruption case
involving the construction of a railway
line in Kenya the biggest and most
expensive infrastructure project in the
country at the moment the heads of the
National Land Commission the state
railway and other business people have
pleaded not guilty to 19 charges
including fraud corruption and abuse of
office they're accused of authorizing
payments for compensation of land used
in the construction of a section of the
railway about three million dollars paid
to people or for land that did not exist
or that was already owned by the real
News Corporation this year the
government has intensified its crackdown
on corruption in a way Kenyans have not
seen in a long time
no matter how powerful you think you are
no matter how much you think you know
people in high position no matter how
much money you have that will not save
you corruption has been a major concern
multi-million dollar scandals have been
unearthed in several public offices
government officials politicians and
powerful businesspeople have been
implicated some have been brought to
court a report by the Auditor General's
Office shows that a third of the
country's budget is lost to corruption
and mismanagement every year part of
we're optimistic is that for the first
time it's not just a job of the Director
of Public Prosecutions or the
anti-corruption Commission it's a
multi-agency so we're going at this with
everything that we have
and in the spirit of the crackdown
demolitions of buildings on broad
reserves and riparian land say to have
been acquired fraudulently is ongoing so
this is one of the buildings what
millions of dollars that have been
brought down by the government in the
last few weeks it sits right next to an
important stream the next one to go is
actual center there the owners have
already started bringing down the pads
that are earmarked for demolition this
is president of working at his last term
in office and he's promised more jobs
through the manufacturing industry
universal health care affordable housing
and food security for that to happen he
needs to deal decisively with corruption
I think he understands that this is the
only chance that he has to basically
break away from the past which is
basically I break the law but I have
friends in high places I make a phone
call and it's just going to go away many
Kenyans say they're happy with what
they're seeing their hive are also
calling for speedy trials convictions
and the assets of those found guilty to
be confiscated Katherine soya al-jazeera
Nairobi
