some call it a sea others a lake for
decades its status has been in dispute
five countries want to share in the
oil-rich but landlocked Caspian Sea
a deal's now been done but will it hold
and will it lead to a new global energy
and political alliance this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim five countries have now
agreed the Caspian is neither see nor
lake so what is it
the nation's who have long disputed its
status have agreed it has special status
Iran and four post Soviet Union
countries have contested how it should
be split for more than two decades now
they've signed a deal to share the
surface commonly and divide up the
seabed the Caspian coastline is shared
by Russia Iran Kazakhstan Turkmenistan
and Azerbaijan the new agreement will
open the way for oil and gas exploration
Rory challon's reports with the
signature of five leaders more than two
decades of troubled waters could be
receding into history the disputes over
the legal status of the Caspian Sea has
been churning since the collapse of the
Soviet Union in Aktau in Kazakhstan four
of the USSR successor States and Iran
took a big step towards resolving it
security and stability on the Caspian
Sea are determined by the Convention
which we have signed naturally it opens
a wide perspective for the tight
cooperation of the Caspian States for
resolving economic and transport issues
these questions will improve the living
standards of our peoples
hamton there is an admonition we have
shown in this convention that we stick
to the principles of fairness although
we did not determine the borderlines
we marked that the countries with coasts
of particular significance should take a
special position that includes Iran the
dispute has centered on whether the
largest inland body of water in the
world
is a lake or a sea defining it a lake
would mean the Caspian should be divided
equally amongst the five countries but
if it's a sea then each states gets a
share in proportion to the length of its
shore line the new agreements is that
it's not quite either not a lake because
of its size and not a sea because it's
not connected to the world's oceans so
the surface will largely be open for
joint use whereas the floor will be
divided between Russia Iran Turkmenistan
Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan though the
exact size of each country's lot is
still to be agreed at stake are several
trilli
dollars worth of oil gas and pipelines
for years the full economic potential of
this has been blocked by the lack of a
settlement the US government estimates
Caspian gas could boost global
production by 27 percent over the coming
decade but it's not just about energy
Najma which you switch to our security
is very important and this is what
underpins our agreement this region has
an influence on Afghanistan on the
Middle East this really affects the
basic interest of our states and we need
to pull together to combat the threat of
terrorism and trans boundary criminality
this summit also makes the Caspian Sea a
lockout zone these leaders don't want
anyone else meddling in their waters no
country that doesn't share the shoreline
will be allowed a military presence
there
Rory challon's now to zerah Moscow
before 1991 the Caspian Sea was
considered a lake and shared between the
USSR and Iran but after the fall of the
Soviet Union the emergence of
independent countries complicated the
issue Iran says the Caspian is a lake
according to old treaty signed with the
Soviet Union in 1921 in 1940 the three
former Soviet states Azerbaijan
Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan consider it
a sea and that the seabed should be
divided based on the coastline Tehran
had insisted the Caspian be split into
five equal parts or jointly develop all
its resources none of its neighbors
agreed let's bring in our panel joining
us in Moscow stanislav Pridgen an
analyst at the Russia and Eurasia
program at Chatham House in Tehran for a
day's adi professor of world studies at
the University of Tehran and in London
will it give or Gihon a country risk
analyst at the firm IHS market welcome
to you all
Stanislaw let me start with you the
dispute over the Caspian Sea has been
going on for decades what is the
political calculus that led to this why
is this happening now
I think it was enough time to finally
agree the key principles and key
mechanism for cooperation in the region
and especially in circumstances when the
nuclear deal Iranian nuclear deal is an
equation after a withdrawal of the
United States from this from this
agreement it was extremely important to
show for regional collaboration that
Iranian neighbors are ready to support
this country in such difficult
circumstances so we can see that this it
was enough time for cut for negotiations
and this is a good political time to to
sign this agreement finally so at what
has to happen now I mean there's very
few details as far as what this
agreement will encompass ultimately so
what has to happen next it's the lawyers
that are really going to be involved
right yes both lawyers and obviously
engineers there are going to be some
environmentalists that are going to be
concerned about the environmental
implications of having all types of
pipelines going across the Caspian Sea
so they have to be careful with regard
to the environment making sure that they
don't damage it in a serious manner I
agree that this was about time you know
the Caspian region the Central Asia has
lots of energy potentials having this
agreement basically opens up the way of
making sure that the countries of this
region can benefit from the natural
resources that exist and for Iran I can
say that the prosperity of the other
four countries is going to be Iran's
prosperity at the end because being part
of a region with prosperous countries
would generally benefit everybody that
is around and Iran was concerned about
security issues a portion of this
agreement
dictates that no country outside the
five that are bordering the Caspian Sea
is going to be allowed to be present
militarily
in that area so that makes sure that you
know certain that countries like the
United States are going to be out of the
Caspian Sea which is good news for you
now
obviously we've mentioned this already
but one of the issues at the heart of
this dispute has been what is the
definition of the Caspian is it a sea or
is it a lake I want to ask you
specifically when it comes to maritime
law what is the difference between the
Tuesday's Ignatians well I think in the
introductory segment this issues in it
was covered quite well from the
international perspective if classman
Sea is regarded as a sea than literal
countries will have around 12 nautical
mile of territorial waters and this will
apply also to the seabed whereas from
the from the lake perspective as iranian
thought has been insisting there will be
shared use of the reaches so to speak
I'm saying this as a lawyer but this is
the impression that I've got following
the years long discussions and
negotiations on the Caspian Sea status
Stanislav Russia had long objected to
resolving this issue about the Caspian
so what has made them more agreeable now
is it the sanctions from from the US or
is it the trade competition from China
or is it both
I think that it was not just about
issues which you mentioned this is
mostly about the the to finish this
long-term process for Russia this is
important to have clear and transparent
legal environment in the South borders
of Russia to have the pragmatic and
transparent framework for cooperation
and insecurity and fishing and shipping
in this region and that is why Russia
was one of the countries which insisting
each time and trying to to push in these
negotiation process so a breakthrough
happened
last December when was a ministerial
meeting in Moscow in December 2000 2017
when minister Lavrov after these
negotiations after this meeting said
that definitely summit will happen in
the first part of 2018 so politically
for Russia this is very important to to
sign this convention not just for
competition with China or in
geopolitical struggle with the United
States
why do you spoke a moment ago about the
benefits that Iran will reap from this
convention but you know there are some
that are saying that because Iran has
the smallest coastline of the countries
on the Caspian that it is potentially
the biggest loser in this agreement what
do you say to that
I don't agree Iran is benefiting from
the agreement because if there is no
agreement and using whatever portion
anyone has is not going to be possible
so having an agreement making sure that
Iran is the way of Iran actually
accessing the resources that the Caspian
Sea has for Iran the second point I
think which is important is that Iran
has joint ventures with Tokra medicine
and Azerbaijan with regard to their
energy related industries and and
pipelines and different types of
activities and Iran's expertise in these
areas given the fact that Iran has been
in old business for many decades now
much longer than the two other countries
is going to benefit Iran as well I think
the third point is the relationship that
we are seeing between Iran and Russia
since Russians as you described at the
end of the day interested in this
agreement for some years there were not
but now they are interested here on
after the issue of the nuclear agreement
after the US sanctions and after the
fact that the Europeans are not really
going to be able to do much with regard
to the nuclear agreement is looking
towards East and Iran is working towards
north there Russia and these are the
countries are for Adam I'm sorry for
what I'm sorry to interrupt you but let
me let me let me just has for what sorry
to interrupt you but but let me just
pick up another point because after the
agreement was reached Iranian president
rouhani called it a very important step
but he also added that we should
recognize there are more important
issues that need to be addressed what
specifically is he alluding to when he
says that I think he's talking about
geopolitics
the fact that Iran is under serious
sanctions Iran needs to make sure that
its relations with its neighbors are
normal and advancing Iran
is looking at ways of going around the
sanctions that are going to are designed
to hurt it seriously so making sure that
you know Iran has good relations with
Russia the Turkmenistan with Azerbaijan
is going to be important for Iran
stopping this country's progress with
regard to their legitimate rights that
they have as independent countries is
not going to be in Iran's benefit it's
going to be in Iran's benefit to be
friendly towards its neighbors
especially given the fact that Iran has
serious enemies and making sure that the
resources that the Caspian Sea has is
going to provide benefits for all
countries that are sounding it is at the
end of the day is going to be more
important for Iran because there are
countries like the United States that
are trying to choke the country and you
know have a regime change so at the end
of the day I think Iran is benefiting
from this and a final resolution and
exactly what percentage of the Caspian
Sea belongs to each country it is not
finalized the final draft is a hint is
sort of providing some guidelines but
the final percentage is not finalized so
if Iran decides to make a point out of
the percentage issue later on Iran has
the room to do so Lillet Russia had
previously objected to a natural gas
pipeline being built across the Caspian
between Turkmenistan and Azerbaijan this
would have allowed Turkmen gas to bypass
Russia on its way to Europe can we
expect that this would potentially build
now be built now with Russia allow it
well I'll go back to your previous
question whether we have a definite
resolution of the caspo status and I
will start from there by saying no and
the fact that the Iranian side also
mentioned that there has to be further
negotiations about critical issues such
as the limitation of the seabed
also goes back to your question about
pipelines there's also an article in
there in the convention about
environmental concerns which again
creased is the same loophole if any
literal state is concerned about the
environmental implications of pipeline
Lillet let me just stop you real quick
when you're talking about some of the
environmental concerns you're talking
about the concerns about the sturgeon
you're talking about the oil pollution
what else might you be talking about
well exactly stage and a fishing
business is quite important not least
because of the renowned Caspian caviar
there has been and they have been
incidents of a pollution from the
already existing oil fields so these are
the main concerns when we talk about the
environmental issues so the the
convention the last convention keeps in
place the precondition that is certain
environmental standards have to be met
but at the same time there is a degree
of vagueness I read the latest news as
no clarity when it comes to for example
Turkmen as air pipeline I think there
loopholes are still there for for those
countries that seen this this project
commercially conflicting with their own
economic interest to block the the
pipeline development there are of course
other issues as well such as
infrastructure and capacity on the other
side or the general makeup of the energy
markets and what's happening now in
Europe in terms of demand so I don't
think that we are seeing clarity in
terms of the business in terms of those
project that for example European Union
has been very much interested in and in
diversifying it imports away from
Russian energy supplies so we and and
the fact that there will be another
sumit indicates that critical issues
have now been ironed out yet Stanislav
you you heard Lillet speak about this
issue at length right now the fact of
the matter is there really is not much
clarity at the moment the the agreement
or the aspects of the agreement that
we've been told about is fairly vaguely
worded at the moment I mean the devil is
really in the details here is there any
chance by which this would fall through
first of all I fully agree with the
previous speaker about the bad economy
of such kind of project because
trans-caspian pipeline will be very very
expensive project and I don't know what
will the cost of the gas which will be
delivered from Turkmenistan through
trans-caspian pipeline or whether
bhaijaan Georgia Turkey to the Europe so
it will be a gold gas
returning to the legal framework in the
end of July was agreed the special
protocol regarding the big
infrastructure projects such as
trans-caspian pipeline the big shelf
projects with production more than 500
tons a year
add a refinery plans so all of these
objects all of these projects should be
agreed by all sides by all parties and
this protocol sets up very clear and
transparent procedures how parties
should do it for example Azerbaijan and
turkmenistan are going to construct a
trans-caspian pipeline they should give
all information about this project about
this characteristic about this capacity
about a trajectory geographical
trajectory after that all countries have
will have right to request any
additional measures to protect
environment and in three months as all
countries should
organize within three months countries
should organize a special session for
consultation so it means that now Russia
and Iran cannot stop such kind of
project but they will have all
information about about this project and
will have rights to ask the participants
of this project to improve for measures
for protection of my environment and
this position is very close to the
Russian official line the main goal of
Russian Russian position words
trans-caspian pipeline was environment
these concerns about pollution about
because this is a very dangerous from
the earthquake
that's not Monday I'm sorry I'm sorry to
interrupt it just that we're starting to
run short on time and I want to I want
to follow up a point you were making
with with Fouad we're talking about the
diplomacy around this there are
diplomats that have called this a
regional constitution that's what
they're alluding to when they talk about
this convention that was signed this
agreement so I want to ask you if you
think that that's a correct
interpretation and also does this set up
a new regional alliance
it is an agreement Constitution
generally refers to national internal
legislations and guidelines I think this
is moral an agreement but I do agree
that and this is one reason Iran was
interested in this that creating Iran
being part of regional set ups it's
going to be very important for Iran in
years to come that's another reason one
wants to join the Shanghai Cooperation
Council and other regional bodies that
basically protect Iran from pressures
that Iran may be receiving from the
United States or other hostile powers
because if Iran is part of a bigger
region and Accord or agreement then the
United States or whoever is having
difficulties with Iran has to deal with
these other countries not just Iran so
this becomes very important for Iran and
this was actually the main reason Iran
went along with with the agreement so I
do agree that this is going to be a
beginning a step for a caspian regional
cooperation among the countries that
sound
Lillith what do you foresee this meaning
for the global oil and gas market I have
to say that what we're seeing is just an
agreement in principle there are a
number of factors that will determine
the future of pipelines both gas and oil
pipelines coming from Central Asia
through the Caspian Sea there are a
number of factors and developments in
the global energy market will that would
determine the commercial viability of
these projects but above all since we're
talking about the recent Convention on
Caspian Sea I will highlight again that
there's still a lot of questions
unanswered there's still no clarity when
it comes to the mechanism of
example disputing a challenge from
littoral state there are still no
clarity about the elimination of D of
the seabed so I would remain hesitant to
make any comments about a contribution
of oil and gas to global markets from
Central Asia via these pipelines I think
it will take a while to see any of these
projects to materialize Stanislav very
quickly because we just have about 30
seconds you were alluding to the
environmental impact of all this a
moment ago so just very quickly I want
to ask you do you believe that this
convention will help when it comes to
pollution or will ultimately hurt when
it comes to pollution in the Caspian so
according to this convention and
according to the current practice of
calculation countries now have
experience to cooperate together to work
with any pollution and many accidents so
I think now Caspian 5 can protect the
environment altogether all right we're
gonna have to leave it there thanks so
much to all our guests stanislav Pridgen
vadas Adi and Lillet kevorkian and thank
you too for watching you can see the
program again anytime by visiting our
website aljazeera.com and for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash EJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
ajay inside story for me Muhammad I'm
jewel and the whole team here bye for
now
you
