seventeen-year-old Mata cotta is
returning to where her family home used
to be for the first time since last
year's disaster the remains of our
father mother four sisters two brothers
and a brother-in-law are still trapped
under this massive rock like hundreds of
other victims rescue workers who aren't
able to retrieve their bodies I cry any
time I remember them life was fine when
they were around right now I must work
for someone who pays me not with money
but with food to eat
when al-jazeera spoke to mater last
August in hospital she was looking for
an aunt she hoped was still alive she
didn't find her after three days of
torrential rains part of Sugarloaf
Mountain broke away and crashed onto a
once vibrant community burying homes and
people most could not be saved due to
lack of equipment manpower and bad
weather survivors from the 2017 tragedy
still come here to get close to
relatives they didn't get the chance to
say proper goodbye to hundreds are
believed to be buried under the rubble
the government plans to build a monument
of sort here for the missing and the
dead more than 500 victims of the
disaster were buried here their
gravestones bear no names some contain
just body parts a few kilometers from
the cemetery a 52 unit housing estate
was built by three local construction
companies the houses were donated to the
government for the survivors but it can
only accommodate 150 of them
they are registered to 11,000 people and
this 11,000 people not everybody's in
here more estate out streaming then four
we dad's stay here we find things
difficult the survivors have now been
asked to pay monthly rents on the houses
Sugarloaf Mountain remains very unstable
a few weeks ago huge boulders of rock
came tumbling down causing panic among
villagers
the government has demolished more homes
that are considered unsafe on the first
anniversary of the disaster survivors
including matsukata
still without a home are looking to the
government for help and hope that they
can get a new start in life how many
trees al jazeera Freetown
