with the signature of five leaders more
than two decades of troubled waters
could be receding into history the
disputes over the legal status of the
Caspian Sea has been churning since the
collapse of the Soviet Union in Aktau in
Kazakhstan four of the USSR successor
States and Iran took a big step towards
resolving it security and stability on
the Caspian Sea are determined by the
Convention which we have signed
naturally it opens a wide perspective
for the tight cooperation of the Caspian
States for resolving economic and
transport issues these questions will
improve the living standards of our
peoples hamm Jeanine there in son
admonition
we have shown in this convention that we
stick to the principles of fairness
although we did not determine the
borderlines
we marked that the countries with coasts
of particular significance should take a
special position that includes Iran the
dispute has centered on whether the
largest inland body of water in the
world is a lake or a sea defining it a
lake would mean the Caspian should be
divided equally amongst the five
countries but if it's a sea then each
states gets a share in proportion to the
length of its shoreline the new
agreements is that it's not quite either
not a lake because of its size and not a
sea because it's not connected to the
world's oceans so the surface will
largely be open for joint use whereas
the floor will be divided between Russia
Iran Turkmenistan Azerbaijan and
Kazakhstan though the exact size of each
country's lot is still to be agreed at
stake are several trillion dollars worth
of oil gas and pipelines for years the
full economic potential of this has been
blocked by the lack of a settlement the
US government estimates Caspian gas
could boost global production by 27%
over the coming decade but it's not just
about energy
security is very important and this is
what underpins our agreement this region
has an influence on Afghanistan on the
Middle East this really affects the
basic interest of our states and we need
to pull together to combat the threat of
terrorism and trans boundary criminality
this summit also makes the Caspian Sea a
lockout zone these leaders don't want
anyone else meddling in their waters no
country that doesn't share the shoreline
will be allowed a military presence
there
Rory challenge now to zerah Moscow
