Saudi students in Canada are caught up
in a diplomatic conflict they've been
ordered by their government to leave the
country in the middle of their studies
it follows Canada's call for jail human
rights activists in Saudi to be released
the universities say transferring so
many students will be a logistical
nightmare and could leave many with
nowhere to go if there is one victim in
all of this and this is important to
keep in mind it is the sixteen thousand
students that are being recalled to
Saudi Arabia or who will be transferred
to other countries you cannot transfer
sixteen thousand students within a week
or two this is complicated some of them
were in the last stages of their PhDs
some of them were medical students doing
internships or fellowships and in very
specialized fields that will take time
many students are not happy at being
told to go home a Saudi student group
issued a press release urging their
leaders to keep them out of the
political route we kindly urged the
government to immediately reverse its
decision and work to stop the
repercussions of the Saudi government's
policy which will affect the future of
thousands of graduates Canadian students
unions are trying to help them cope with
the uncertainty surrounding their
academic future what we're seeing is our
students scrambling and panicking about
where they're going to be ending up in
the next four weeks studies are starting
starting in the fall and around
September so students don't know where
they're going and were quite concerned
that that students are being involved
within a political dispute between Saudi
Arabia and Canada
and we don't believe that students
should be affected by that Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau says Canada will
continue to defend human rights around
the world but Saudi Arabia saw this as
an interference in its internal affairs
and responded with a range of measures
it ordered the Canadian ambassador to be
expelled a new trade and investment to
be suspended but beyond the diplomatic
and economic costs the students
represent the human consequences of the
growing dispute vinton Monaghan al
Jazeera
