each day truck slowly wind around
treacherous roads in the Zagros
Mountains carrying goods from Iran to
Iraq since the u.s. announced it was
reimposing sanctions against Iran rumors
and uncertainty are also traveling back
and forth across the border
Iranian bus driver Rahman Abdullah is
worried soon the border will close and
his job of six years will disappear
really I don't know because you can
expect anything here the politicians
haven't made any agreements if they make
an agreement it should be for the sake
of the poor people
Iran is Iraq's second-largest trading
partner it exports fruits and vegetables
fuel and home furnishings and for about
a decade
it is also provided electricity here in
penguin district and other Iraqi border
towns the Iraq central bank has
prohibited all Iraqi banks from
conducting business with Iran in u.s.
dollars we think the situation will get
worse by the day
the Iranian currency is dropping against
the dollar it's halting business between
Iran and the Kurdish region people are
already coping with an economic crisis
in Iraq shoe store owner Rabine Rahman
says Iranian shoes offer the right blend
of quality and affordability for his
cash-strapped customers but Ali
especially in the last few years we're
buying a lot of shoes from Iran they're
good quality but now the situation is
different
last week I was there and because of the
fluctuation in the Iranian currency
against the dollar most of the factories
ceased production so buying shoes in
Iran was difficult for as long as the
almost 1500 kilometer border has been
recognized smugglers have criss crossed
between Iraq and Iran
betaken event fabulously thana a lahar
for sure it's uncontrollable because
there are social historical and perhaps
religious relationships between the two
countries in the end due to these
relations trade will continue
but merchants are wondering how to
conduct business in such an
unpredictable climate with no guidance
coming from their government yet and no
idea what will happen next in Iran
Natacha guy named al Jazeera in penguin
district on the iraq-iran border
