Vidyadhar Suraj Prasad Nepal was born
into an Indian family in Trinidad in the
West Indies in 1932 he was the son of a
civil servant and won a scholarship to
study English Literature at Oxford
University
Nepal's early worked focused on the
Caribbean he traveled the world and
chronicled the histories of people whose
stories had not been written he also
focused on the themes of migration
displacement exile and ruthlessness I
think we should remember him for what
you did with writing what an exceptional
writer he was in my opinion the greatest
writer of English prose of the second
half of the 20th century one of the
things that happened to people who get
the Nobel Prize is that they also get a
lot of media attention Nepal received
the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2001
the Swedish Academy praised him as a
philosopher who chronicled the stories
of the vanquished I want to be right I
wanted to to do a series of books fans
flocked to read his self-reflexive books
and enjoy his unique voice which used
the tools and the art of short stories
to compose books that address themes
like the human condition the trauma of
colonialism and the struggles of people
in the developing world Naipaul like any
other human being or a writer had his
drawbacks
and-and-and problems but that does not
mean that his writings can be rejected
completely although his writing was
widely praised for its compassion his
critics called him offensive bigoted and
misogynistic he was accused of being
racist when portraying African societies
and for attacking Islam most critics
agree that Naipaul wasn't afraid to be
offensive or eccentric and that he dared
to write about his most unpleasant
thoughts and present them to the public
with honesty and a unique gift for
storytelling he died at his home in
London aged 85
