all hassle bernessa knows about her age
is that her younger sister is 97 so she
must be older
her passport she says has her date of
birth wrong but she does have an Indian
passport she is she insists Indian yet
when the state government of a Sam
published a draft National Register of
citizens or NRC list two weeks ago her
name wasn't on it
it's insulting I was born here my father
and my grandfather were born here we are
all from here 33 million people in Assam
4 million are not on the register Assam
and neces son's name is on the list but
his wife's name is missing as well as
his mother's he thinks the whole list
exercise is targeted at Muslims only one
word can be described by this a
disasterous I mean when you are no
longer a Indian citizen I mean anything
can be applicable on you ethnically and
religiously Assam has always been one of
India's most diverse States but there's
a perception among some of rampant
illegal immigration from neighboring
Bangladesh India's Hindu nationalist BJP
party in power at both national and
state level says the only way to address
it is to find those they call
infiltrators and strip them of
citizenship they cannot alter the
demography or the polity of Assam no way
in fact righteous Assam in this country
should you let foreigners alter the
politics of India no demography of India
know in some predominantly Muslim
villages a majority of people are not on
the list most of this crisis meeting in
langa a part of an extended family of 40
just four of them are on the list people
here think the number left off the NRC
list has been kept deliberately high for
political reasons they say the
announcement that there could be as many
as 4 million infiltrators in a SAM state
is meant to send a signal
nationally Prime Minister Narendra
Modi's government is facing re-election
next year highlighting action against
illegal immigration will probably win
them votes those missing from the list
and there are many who are Hindu as well
as Muslims can appeal few yet are
suggesting deporting those made
stateless just a severe restriction of
their rights but that's little comfort
to those whose citizenship is in doubt
Andrew Thomas
al Jazeera the language in a SAM state
India
