the results of the first round two weeks
ago gave Qatar 41 percent of the vote
while his main rival Somali CC got close
to 18 percent Qatar was accused of fraud
by opposition leaders to get a low
result in the election is indeed
heartbreaking but you cannot accuse
president Keita of being behind that
figure it's the decision of the Malian
people which reflects their judgement of
Yi CC meanwhile was repeating the claims
once again I'm asking for your votes so
that together we can achieve the dream
and the destiny that I have for Mali I
don't need to remind you of the grave
and multiple illegalities of the first
round which amount to political banditry
they were a criminal breach of the law
and of human dignity
one day the reality will be clear to all
and it will shame those who have dirtied
their hands with fraud and corruption
CCA did boast of what he described as a
major success in the first round he is
the first opposition candidate in the
Democratic history of Mali to take a
sitting president to a runoff but his
hopes of a united front by the other
opposition parties have been partly
dashed by the refusal of many first
round losing candidates to endorse him
the government has also closed down a
local radio station that supports Sisi
accusing it of inciting violence and
hate speech CCS supporters organized a
rally on Saturday to protest the alleged
electoral violations and to warn against
a repeat violence was reported in at
least a fifth of the 23,000 polling
stations on July 29 no vote took place
at all in three percent of those centers
and four soldiers were killed in an
ambush as their convoy carried election
material since then ethnic violence has
worsened in the central region of mopti
as dozens of Fulani herdsmen have been
killed by rival Danzo hunters the EU has
expressed concern over security and
urged the Malian government to guarantee
a free and fair enough for the leaders
the focus now is on the vote but for
Malins there's a desire to see that
democracy does not fall
Tim - power struggles president theta is
trying to stay in power he has
supporters and means but his opponents
are preparing a fresh offensive and many
are curious to see if Molly's will for
the first time managed to change the
leaders through the ballot box hamid van
al jazeera Bamako
