relations between the US and Turkey are
at crisis point Donald Trump imposes
trade tariffs on Ankara and Turkish
president air Dewan warns of the
consequences of such action will ties
between the countries deteriorate even
further or can they be contained this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm her
dr. Hameed tension is growing between
the US and Turkey on Friday US President
Donald Trump announced he is doubling
tariffs on Turkish steel and aluminium
Turkey warned it would be retaliating
against the US move there are fears the
dispute could hurt Turkey's economy more
the Turkish lira has hit record lows
against the dollar in recent days the
row is related to the detention of US
pastor Andrew Brunson on terror related
charges in Turkey but the differences
between the two NATO allies have been
widening over a number of issues
kimberly hackett reports from Washington
it was just the beginning an
unsuccessful 2016 coup against Turkish
president rechak tie-up air21
and when the u.s. refused to extradite
the cleric Fethullah Gulen accused by
Ankara of leading the attempted
overthrow and who resides in the United
States things got even worse this is the
worst crisis in your circus relations
since the US Congress imposed a total
arms embargo on Turkey right in the at
the height of the the Cold War
on Friday u.s. president Donald Trump
tweeted that he was doubling steel and
aluminum tariffs on Turkey saying our
relations with Turkey are not good at
this time the latest move comes during a
diplomatic route over this man an
American pastor named Andrew Brunson he
was accused of spying for the United
States arrested and jailed in the
aftermath of the 2016 coup the u.s.
denies the charges defended by
evangelical Christians like Vice
President Mike Pence pastor Andrew
Brunson is an innocent man there is no
credible evidence against him after July
NATO meeting Trump thought he had a deal
to secure Brunson's release instead
Brunson was placed under house arrest
his trial continued outraging trump the
u.s. responded leveling sanctions
against the turkish interior and justice
ministers the dispute over the pastor is
just part of an escalating feud between
Trump and Aird
last year Americans were outraged as
air21 watch from his Embassy in
Washington while his security detail
beat peaceful protesters later
sanctioned by American authorities US
support for Kurdish fighters in the
battle against ISIL in Syria
particularly the group known as the YPG
has also deeply upset the Turks who
consider the YPG a terrorist
organization the dispute has sent her
he's lira plummeting losing a third of
its value this year president Trump's
tariffs against Turkey only adds to an
ongoing trade war with allies like the
European Union and trading partners like
China in two weeks the US will tear off
even more Chinese goods it is an
escalating trade war now with a new
front given the US and Turkish leaders
both have a reputation for not backing
down
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera Washington
Turkey's president has written an
opinion piece in the new york times
warning that the u.s. must respect
turkeys sovereignty or their partnership
could be in jeopardy he said at a time
when evil continues to lurk around the
world unilateral actions against Turkey
by the United States our ally of decades
will only serve to undermine American
interest and security before it is too
late Washington must give up the
misguided notion that our relationship
can be a symmetrical and come to terms
with the fact that Turkey has
alternatives failure to reverse this
trend of unilateralis and disrespect
will require us to start looking for new
friends and allies so let's bring our
guests now joining us from rally in
North Carolina is Robert Pearson former
US ambassador to Turkey in Ankara
muhittin ottoman director of foreign
policy research at the foundation for
political economic and social research
also known as Sita and from New York by
Skype el Mira beside lead CEO and
co-founder of foreign policy interrupted
an organization to increase female
voices in the media was a focus on
foreign policy coverage thank you all
for joining us Robert Pearson let me
start with you
pastor Bronson was actually detained 20
21 months ago in the aftermath of the
failed coup why is that an issue now
it's been an issue since then there is
absolutely no evidence whatsoever that's
credible if you read the text of the
testimony against him it is absolutely
not believable he's supposed to be
cooperating with terrorists and at the
same time he's supposed to be
cooperating with mr. aragorn's closest
political ally for 10 years so there is
a solution to this problem if I may say
so it's very straightforward mr. Brunson
should be allowed to return to the
United States for medical care and the
charges can be left as they are but mr.
Brunson can go home with us
family into his family and secondly on
the economic side two simple steps are
required one mr. I Barack can work with
the group he described in his press
conference yesterday to announce a new
reform programme for the Turkish economy
based on Turkey's own principles and one
would be to use interest rates
temporarily to reaffirm the liras value
and secondly to undertake a thorough
reform of the Turkish economy along
principles that would help Turkey be
more competitive in the international
arena and that would allow both
countries to in turn to the issues that
are in front of them without having to
end up this process by pointing the
other by making the other one
responsible for the damage so I hope
that they will consider these three
steps because they could easily end this
issue and we could go on to the more
serious strategic issues that face us
Mira
Baris Lee there is also a second u.s.
citizen who is detained in Turkey he's a
dual national turkey Turkish American
he's a NASA scientist but we hear
nothing about him so is there more
really than just the fate of Pastor
Branson that is at stake here yeah I
mean we haven't heard the Trump
administration talk about Sarah congi
Georgia who is the NASA scientist as you
said he's a dual Turkish and American
citizen but let's put this into
perspective you know in throughout the
twentieth century the United States and
Turkey had very much a relationship
based on geopolitics where it was on a
wide perspective and they looked at what
is going to benefit both countries what
you've seen over the past two weeks
flare up precisely between Trump and
erawan the individuals themselves is two
individuals who are taking cheap
political shots to gain domestic points
so the the plea for releasing it Andrew
Brunson was really it's really a plea
for to appeal to Donnell
Trump's conservative Christian base here
in the United States it's precisely why
we don't hear not only about the NASA
scientist but we also don't hear about
the three Turkish nationals that are
being held the three Turkish nationals
that have been working at the u.s.
consulates throughout turkey and are
being held on the same charges that Bron
Bronson has been detained on so you
think that the release of pastor Brunson
could play in the midterm elections you
know I definitely think that I I don't
think that the Trump administration is
thinking that widely I think that any
any political points that they can score
I think right now you have to also take
a look at Trump on the world stage I
mean he really took a lot of flack for
his appearance with Vladimir Putin in
Helsinki and the way that he deflected
you know the the notion that Russia
could have hacked in on our the American
elections and you even saw his his
traditional base push back on him I
think Trump is feeling a little fragile
on the world stage
he is performance at the NATO summit
last month did not go well it certainly
did not go well when he went to Canada
for the g7 summit and so I think what
he's looking for is easy political
points um you know meeting with Kim
jong-un you know back in May certainly
was a point to do that and I think
trying to antagonize Turkey which is a
majority Muslim country does play into
his base mohini attam at um from the
American point of view there was a
request from President Erdogan to
release a Turkish national who was
detained in the US and he was released
and according to some reports also there
was another Turkish national who was
detained in Israel who was also released
so what happened there why is this this
blockage on pastor Brunson well first of
all I don't think that the pastor
Branston issue is one of the main
reasons for this tense relations between
the two countries to me it's it's much
more a result of other issues other
vital issues especially for the Turkish
side you know when we look at the last
several years we have been witnessing
that the United States administration
has been supporting two main terrorist
organizations namely PKK and its
affiliated organizations in northern
Syria and the feta which is widely
believed that was behind the failed
quiet time two years ago and both actors
are heavily supported by the United
States so the timing of the Bronston
issue is to me is about American
domestic issues it's not directly about
Turkish American relations so it's not a
big issue for the two countries when it
comes to releasing some and not
releasing some others we see that you
know thousands of pages of credible
claims have been sent to the United
States to extradite the the leader of
the the feta organizations the Fethullah
Gulen which is who is hosted in
Pennsylvania but the United States
remains reluctant all these all these
demands from the Turkish side so when we
see that the the Trump and some of his
men they have been they began to use a
threatening insulting and unfortunately
unilateral aggressive language towards
the the Turkish administration which
created the consolidation of a kind of
national unity against the United States
and it with a high anti-americanism in
Turkey you know just yesterday and today
the leader of the leaders of the
opposition party even made some
declarations made some explanations
against Trump tweets and this unilateral
and agree
the language policy discourse from the
American side so unfortunately we just
try to mask the real issues by
considering this Branston issue as one
of the main focal points between the two
countries so the American side has been
hijacking the issue unfortunately well
Robert Pearson I'd like to know if you
think that the United States have been
hijacking the issue but first you know
the world unilateralism is something
that president air Dewan wrote in his
opinion peace is something that other
world leaders have complained about the
current US administration is this
something that is actually playing in
favor of the u.s. or do you think it's
alienating old allies and friends around
the world I think that mr. Trump is a
very aggressive president and he's taken
very aggressive steps I don't think this
problem is a global problem at all I
think that this problem is bounded and I
two or three things that are very
important the United States has always
condemned the PKK and always work with
Turkey including intelligence
cooperation against the PKK the United
States has never ever supported the PKK
when the when Isis invaded Syria it
attacked the Kurds the Kurds did not
attack Isis and when the Kurds asked for
help
Turkey declined the u.s. agreed to help
and now Isis has been largely defeated
secondly this is actually about the
relationship for years Turkey has used
the most abusive language about the
United States and about its about its
leaders President Obama was accused of
direct knowledge of the attempted coup
in 2016 the government in Turkey has
used the most abusive language against
the United States and I think it's the
United States that deserve
a little respect here this is a bounded
problem it can be solved
it doesn't need to escalate beyond this
and turkey in the United States have a
lot of common interest in that region
they could cooperate on if we can move
past this point and a lot of that
depends upon the Turkish willingness to
put its economic common-sense and its
political flexibility ahead of
nationalism
well mirror it does feel though if you
look at events over the past twelve
months and even before that that we sort
of locked in a sort of tit-for-tat
relationship between Ankara and
Washington you have as you said earlier
these two strongman and you get an idea
that for both sides it's important to
show that their opinion will prevail and
it's also important put in for their
stature turkey in the region the u.s. in
the rest of the world you know I think
what we need to acknowledge right now is
that the US turkey relationship is not
the relationship that they had
throughout the twentieth century
yes Turkey was an important ally turkey
continues to be a member of NATO turkey
actually the Turkish military is the
second largest Armed Forces no there's a
new NATO command that's going to be put
into place in two years it will be under
Turkish command in Turkey approved by
the United States and so the NATO
airport at Kabul so there are a number
of areas where we already cooperate and
I think that those things don't get the
attention they should and they're wider
interest with Russia and Iran and Iraq
that the US and Turkey air he could
easily proper eight on those if there's
a will to do so interests in the Middle
East and the point that I was that I was
making is that you know Turkey is not
only a NATO member
but Turkey it has changed Turkey is not
a backwater anymore Turkey's economy is
grown it is a member of the g20 it you
know and when you actually take a look
at the relationship between Turkey and
United States throughout the 20th
century Turkey depended on us aid to
prop up its economy that is no longer
true
the
just trading partner that Turkey has
today is the European Union that trade
is worth eighty four point seven billion
dollars with the United States it's only
nine billion and if you're actually
taking a look at where turkeys interests
lie it lies much more with not only the
EU of the Gulf countries that have been
pouring a lot of investments and
business into Turkey I totally agree
that the United States and Turkey
usually need each other
turkey is in a very rough neighborhood
it's in the backyard of Russia it
borders Syria Iran and Iraq but I have
to say here that the United States
actually should really reconsider what
its policy and its strategy towards
Turkey is right now I don't see the
Trump administration having a coherent
strategy not only to Turkey but to the
Middle East in general we don't really
know what the end goals are what what
the Trump administration wants coming
out out of Syria Iran I mean we know
that the Trump administration has has
nixed the Iran nuclear deal but what is
going to replace that and I think that
the United States can't continue in the
policies that it had when it was the
sole superpower of the twentieth century
so mean as we don't know the end goal of
the Trump administration what is the end
goal of Turkey in this specific case I
mean this crisis comes at a time where
the economy is not doing very good
the Turkish lira has gone down and
taking quite a rough beating inflation
is up so at a certain point it could
play into the hands of President Erdogan
and he could turn around and say to
those complaining about the poor economy
well it's all because we have foreign
countries meddling in our own affairs so
what's the endgame here for Turkey
unfortunately Turkish state and
establish they are accustomed to similar
economic problems so this is not the
first economic crisis that Turkey has
been facing so for us yes that that's
true Turkish economy nowadays is quite
vulnerable
and the Turkish political system on the
contrary is is quite stable so here we
have a strong political leadership but a
vulnerable economy and unfortunately
when it comes to the latest issues for
instance yesterday's Trump tweet was a
direct intervention or economic
intervention for political purposes so
the problem is not really economic when
it comes to the church's American
relations we know that Trump has been
trying to instrumentalize economic
develop relations for political purposes
so the the end game for Turkey
the majority of Turkish people thinks
that yes nowadays the Turkish state is
in a transitory period Turkey's
political and domestic domestic
structure has been restructured
redefined so they will remain intact
behind the leadership of reject I
repaired one this is my expectation and
the leader of a party model actioner the
leader of CHP the main opposition party
they all made explanations and they all
blamed the Trump administration for the
latest economic intervention so attend
yes Turkey will face some problems and
these crisis to me will force turkey to
look for some alternatives to increase
its cooperation with China for instance
with Russia and with some other global
and regional actors but at the end
unfortunately the Turkish people the
intellectuals politicians even the
ordinary man on the street they all
explained that we will not forget what
one of the allies one of the Turkish
allies has been trying to do against the
Turkish
economic system okay so let me bring in
Robert Pearson asthma he Jean was saying
Turkey has been a nature ally for six
decades one gets a feeling that the
world order as we have known it so far
is shifting isn't there a risk by
alienating Turkey and President Erdogan
who is also a strong-willed man that you
will see Turkey move more eastwards
towards China Iran I mean for in a few
days we will have a visit of the Russian
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov to Ankara
Iran said that it will support turkey
and help its neighbor as much as it can
isn't that a risk for a Washington there
is a risk in international affairs in
all relationships with countries and
since the end of the Cold War countries
have begun to act more independently in
Turkey has been on an independent track
now for at least a decade so there isn't
anything new about the strategic
orientation of Turkey trying to find its
own place in the world and separating
itself a bit from the United States and
and from the European Union as well but
I think that the point that's really
important to keep in mind here is there
are two ways people look at problems one
is it's a game they want to know what
this guy's doing and that guy's doing
and this than that and the other way to
look at it is to think about the
strategic interest the US has no
interest in a weak Turkish economy
turkey has run a trade deficit since 19
since the 1970s and in the last ten
years that trade deficit has widened
under this government turkey desperately
needs fundamental economic reform the
cause of these incidents is solely
Turkey's Prester without any evidence
against him an economy that is
descending into the pit without the
reasonable measures that any country
wouldn't ordinarily take to save it so
the u.s. is ready to be a partner with
Turkey but we have to get past this
point and I've suggested a solution that
get
has passed this point so we can get on
to those more important issues and L
Mira just a yes-or-no question if pastor
Branson is released tomorrow do you
think things would come down it's very
unlikely that pastor Bronson will be
released but I don't think I think
turkey relations are are broken to a
point where the repair is going to take
a considerable amount of time thank you
very much we have reached the end of the
show so thanks to our guest Robert
Pearson mahiti net a man and Elham Arabi
sorry maricely
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me hood abdel hamid
and the whole team here in Doha bye for
now
you
