hello I'm Haslam seeker this is counting
accost on al-jazeera your weekly look at
the world of business and economics what
the first wave of us Iran sanctions
means for Iranians and companies doing
business there also this week big oil
and climate change what are the world's
largest oil companies failing to reveal
about the future fossil fuels
plus the economic stakes in the Saudi
Canada spec so a first round of US
economic sanctions on Iran were slapped
back into place this week they're being
reimpose because US President Donald
Trump walked away from the 2015 nuclear
deal with Iran a second round of US
sanctions targeting the country's oil
and gas industry will hit in November
we'll have a report from Zane bus Ravi
on what impact sanctions are having
inside Iran in just a few moments but
first Patti Cohan reports from
Washington on what the US wants to
achieve by reimposing penalties the u.s.
plan when it comes to Iran hurt the
economy hurt the people forced the
government to agree to change much of
its foreign policy the policy is not
regime change but we definitely want to
put maximum pressure on the government
and it's not just to come back to
discuss fixing a deal that's basically
not fixable dealing with the nuclear
weapons aspect we want to see a much
broader retreat by Iran from their
support for international terrorism
they're belligerent military activity in
the Middle East and their ballistic
missile nuclear related programs all
things Iran is unlikely to agree to
still the partners in the nuclear deal
are urging dialogue we really just
encourage the United States to start
talking to its partners and Iran in
order to be able to find a route forward
the European Union is trying to protect
its companies taking the unusual step of
issuing a blocking statement that says
European companies should ignore US
sanctions but still car companies drug
manufacturers and many other big names
are leaving Iran the reason if a company
does business
the United States and then chooses to do
business in Iran while the US government
can basically cut them out of the US
market that is a much more important
economic one
government officials here say they will
be watching closely and they plan to
aggressively enforce the sanctions that
have been put in place still the u.s. is
going this alone unlike last time the
other major economies like China are
vowing to continue to do business with
Iran and even though they technically
will not be able to use the US dollar
the world's currency former State
Department official Jared block says
they will find a way to work around that
and that will hurt the u.s. in the long
term the world's banking system is like
a sewer and all of the plumbing runs to
New York there's no law of physics
there's no law of laws that says that
has to be true it's just the way things
have developed since World War two right
now you've got the EU which is their
economy is as large as ours you've got
China growing to the point that they
will soon be larger than us and if we
abuse the power that we get from that
central role if we capriciously apply
sanctions without taking into account
the national security concerns of our
closest allies and partners we're going
to lose that position the Trump
administration is betting the power of
the u.s. dollar is key to all economic
growth all around the world
Iran hoping that by the u.s. going it
alone that will no longer be the case at
the edge of the country where Iran meets
Iraq human mules have carried smuggled
goods across the border for years
rugged routes like this one in Kurdistan
province import electronics phones
beauty products medicine cigarettes the
list goes on it's dangerous work as
smugglers evade taxes and custom duties
the illegal trade represents a fraction
of Iranian imports but with more US
sanctions imposed the government is
cracking down on the group's controlling
these routes Iran has land and naval
borders with 15 countries we could never
close all the borders for 70 to 80 years
now local people have been trading with
neighboring countries in the last two
decades demands in the country have
risen and the scale of the border trade
has increased if you associate it to
sanctions our government
against it and has made many obstacles
for local people that are involved in it
Iranian leaders are keen to stop illegal
imports and promote made in Iran goods
it's part of an ongoing policy from the
Supreme Leader himself to develop
domestic production and become
self-reliant in the face of American
economic pressure despite financial
struggle Iranian consumers care about
quality and want name brands some turned
to secondhand markets to stay in fashion
on a budget
others are buying a gold and ironically
American dollars to keep their savings
safe from the impact of American
sanctions things such as tires are being
replaced only after being driven down to
the rims and with the rising cost of
replacement recycling is squeezing a
little more mileage out of the stuff of
life Husein afshar has restored old
furniture for years he says he's part
artist part handyman and his customers
with an eye for quality can be
unforgiving people want to keep the
originality of the work because nothing
new can replace something old
another issue is high prices many
products are not made or imported any
more so people prefer to keep things it
is about the cost in Iran price is the
main issue the economic pressure has
provoked more street protests recently
but in a small corner shop in the
capital art is being born out of
necessity well joining me now from
Stuttgart is Andrea Schweitzer managing
director and co-founder of uk-based
Arjun capital since 2009 he has been
advising international companies
targeting the Iranian market thanks very
much for being with us so Donald Trump
has said that these are in his words the
most biting sanctions ever many of us
will say that this is the kind of
bluster that we've come to expect from
the US president but just how hard will
these sanctions hit the Iranian economy
this is certainly one should take
president Trump by his word that the he
intends what he is doing here and you
see the damage is already doing to the
Iranian economy the rial has
it valued dramatically which is not only
a factor of the sanction but also the
way the government has a central bank
has handled the foreign exchange
situation they are trying to get respect
under control in order to improve the
value you have high unemployment we have
companies leaving so the morale is quite
bad and the economy also a president
Trump has also warned that anyone doing
business with Iran will not be doing
business with the United States who's he
talking to here China the European Union
and if he is would they risk their own
economies by defying the US would say
his comments are probably more addressed
Europeans because the Chinese are more
independent to the sanction issue they
will continue to buy oil as well turkey
makes noises saying they will stick to
their own mission themselves so Turkey
probably could suffer from US sanctions
but definitely European companies have a
lot at stake in the u.s. look at the
what daimler-benz said they are
retracting scania is not delivering
buses and lorries so the issue is again
so what do you expect the Europeans to
do I mean if you were advising them what
what do you what would you be telling
them at this point if you are invested
in this area and the advice company in
the whole area but definitely you have
those who decide to lead because they
are very strong in Europe to take
companies like Siemens or other big
companies who very much depend on the US
market no question for them to leave
then you have those who are probably
less exposed they will try to stay and
they do stay you have others who see
this as an opportunity who have no US
exposure and to do an M&A transaction or
to buy businesses in Iran
much depends what is your exposure to
the US economy if you don't have any
tear on is an opportunity if you have a
lot of exposure to the u.s. Iran your
Iran exposure can be a problem indeed or
Iran is already reacting to this they
put in place measures to emergency
measures to stop the collapse of its
currency which is slumped to record lows
against the US dollar since the story
the year what impact is that having is
it working the big early to say they
started that on Monday but certainly I
mean as we all know you can't stand
against the market and Iran was trying
to stand against the forex market and by
not allowing foreign exchange to happen
you create a panic the the real has
plunked into a third of its value and
now by allowing foreign exchange offices
again and releasing the subsidized
straight they try to bring the official
rate and the market rate closer together
so we believe that this will work
because at the moment at this rate to
come to account even import anything
it's just prohibitively expensive what
the Americans have been done the
Iranians have been quite efficient doing
it themselves so they hopefully can
retail and undo they have done so far
and this is only the first wave of
sanctions against Iran US sanctions
against Iran were being told there's
going to be a second wave in November
which is targeting Iran's oil exports
and of course Iran is oil rather is a is
a big part of Iran's economy what effect
is that gonna happen I mean that is the
bet president Trump is having he wants
to bring that oil export to nil which is
probably not happening as I mentioned
the Chinese will buy the Indians will
buy and these are already very large by
us then waivers will probably not happen
they haven't happened in the past and I
don't see why they would happen now if
the situation will be back to where
well in 2010 2012 so the Iranians have
to adjust again to the same measures
they have taken them and the Iranians
also rather well trained in handling
sanctions
Andrea Strasser thanks very much for
being with us thank you sir all right
still to come on counting the cost a
pledge to stamp out Colombia's cocaine
addiction
but first the Turkish lira has hit an
all-time low versus the dollar concerns
about worsening relations with the u.s.
sparked the latest sell-off the currency
has lost more than one third of its
value this year
analysts say concerns are growing as
well that repayments on foreign loans
won't be made rich credit rating agency
said Friday it is watching developments
now relations between Saudi Arabia and
Canada soured dramatically this week
Canada's foreign ministry had called for
the release of a Saudi women's rights
activists with family in Canada in a
tweet masada arabia immediately withdrew
its ambassador and ordered students and
medical patients to leave Canada -
initially it was unclear how the dispute
would affect the annual Saudi Canadian
trade of nearly 4 billion dollars but on
Thursday Saudi officials were quoted as
saying oil sales to Canadian customers
will not be affected the future of a
thirteen billion dollar defense contract
agreed by the previous Canadian
administration still hangs in the
balance
Saudi Arabia is also reportedly selling
Canadian equities and bonds crystal
salumi has more now from Toronto
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
had no apology for his government's call
to release to human rights activists
being detained in Saudi Arabia Canadians
have always expected our government to
speak strongly firmly clearly and
politely about the need to respect human
rights at home and around
we will continue to do this Trudeau
promised to continue to engage with the
Saudis and their allies but the Saudi
foreign minister wasn't having any of it
he accused Canada of intervening in what
he described as a national security
issue claiming that the activists had
attempted to get sensitive government
information there is no need for
mediation Canada made a big mistake and
has to fix it
Canada fully understands what is
required from it mediation is when there
are two parties who have demands in this
situation the mistake has been made by
only one party it was Canada who
intervened this mistake has to be
corrected the value of the Canadian
dollar fell on news the Saudis would
divest from Canadian stocks and bonds
experts predict the overall impact on
the economy for this and other measures
will be small but the message is being
heard far beyond Canada's borders
ultimately this really is not about
Canada per se Canada here is collateral
damage if you will or it's incidental to
this issue
Saudi Arabia is trying to send a very
strong and clear message to Western
countries to Europeans in particular do
not criticize us on human rights or you
will be penalized Middle East expert
best mama mommy believes domestic Saudi
issues are at play I think this has more
to do with a very useful diversion it's
an attempt to make Canada a case signal
to the world that it's not going to
accept international criticism
particularly Western criticism of its
domestic policies and I think the chilla
effect has worked because we have seen
pretty much no Western European country
including the United States as well in
terms of supporting Canada so it really
has had the chill effect on the
international Western world it's hard to
gauge how Saudi nationals here in Canada
feel about being forced to leave the
country because many are reluctant to
speak but we do know that hundreds of
Canadian Muslims who are leaving this
week to attend the Hajj in Saudi Arabia
are worried about how they're going to
get home Saudi air line are suspending
flights in and out of the country next
week but have promised to find passenger
seats on other airlines but so far no
sign the Saudis and the Canadians
coming together to resolve this dispute
a Tesla CEO wants to buy out the
electric carmaker and end public trading
of the company Elon Musk said on Twitter
that he had secured funding to buy all
of the firm stocks
a buyout at today's prices would cost
more than seventy billion dollars must
could face criminal penalties for
breaking stock market rules if it turns
out he doesn't have the money the
announcement followed a Financial Times
reports saying Saudi Arabia's sovereign
wealth fund had bought a large stake in
Tesla and investors and shareholders are
beginning to ask how concerned the
world's biggest oil companies are about
climate change our companies have known
about climate change for a long time but
they plan on only reducing carbon
emissions towards the second half of
this century activists want big oil
companies to model and commit to more
rapid emissions reductions this week UK
asset manager Saracen and partners asked
BP shell and total to reveal the risk
they face if carbon emission targets are
met our rules to limit greenhouse gas
emissions could force fossil fuel
companies to keep oil natural gas and
coal in the ground the International
Energy Agency forecasts that by 2040
demand for oil and gas could fall by
almost 50 percent but that's only if
carbon emissions reductions targets are
met Royal Dutch Shell has acknowledged
the climate change will be the defining
challenge facing the oil industry for
years to come but Toto and Shell and
others are still expecting strong demand
for fossil fuels for the next few
decades Exxon Mobil is under
investigation over its financial
disclosures on climate change well
joining me now from London is Anthony
Hobley CEO of carbon tracker a financial
think-tank thanks very much for being
with us so what are the oil companies
not telling us then well though I think
it'd have been a bit schizophrenic
they are looking at climate risk and
we're now be
déluge with disclosure and scenario
analysis from the companies effectively
stress test in their business models
against a Paris compliant 2° pathway but
then when they talk to investors they're
still talking up demand and what we're
seeing is we're seeing a range of
disclosure that tells us every single
energy company one a gas company is a
winner and that simply can't be possible
yes some of them may well do well in the
transition but not all of them so there
will be winners and losers and at the
moment it's very difficult to discern
who the winners will be and who the
losers will be in this transition are
they essentially putting their business
survival ahead of survival of the planet
they are still I think psychologically
wedded to the idea that we were in a
it's cyclical that we are still going to
see rises and drops in oil price rather
than a structural change our analysis
and our work is telling us that we we've
entered a phase of transition where you
know it's no longer about peak oil but
it's about peak demand no fossil fuels
is no longer the only game in town
they're now having to compete with the
new kids on the block which is clean
energy and as clean energy goes up the
learning curve and and effectively is
now in near the exponential part of the
S curve we're seeing dramatic drops in
price from solar wind batteries and
electric vehicles and that is eating
into demand for the incumbents product
oil gas and coal combined also with
dramatic steps forward in energy
efficiency which whilst global energy
demand is growing that is being offset
dramatically by advances in energy
efficiency so you know global energy
demand is now only growing at 1% and
what's really interesting is
increasingly the new technologies have
the lion's share of that growth should
regulators be taking a closer look at
some of these big oil companies then
well they are you know we now have the
g20 initiated a whole process with the
task
also climate related financial
disclosure that's made as
recommendations the the problem with
that is it's still voluntary regulators
are still trying to understand you know
if and how they translate that into
their national regulatory regimes and
it's still a case of apples and pears I
mean we haven't got a consistent
approach to that valuation and how
companies assess their business models
against future prices so I think
regulators have a role to play here in
ensuring that there is a robust and
comparable regime for comparing this
risk and getting companies to say how
are they positioned to deal with this
transition risk and with a transition to
a low-carbon or net 0 economy so which
companies are the worst offenders here
when it comes to turning a blind eye to
their business model we did a report two
degrees of separation where we've ranked
companies by reference to they're
exposed to climate risk and some more
exposed than others you tend to find the
the oil and gas majors somewhere in the
middle but it wouldn't surprise you that
you know we see the US companies
probably the most exposed where we live
in that sort of group of majors and I
think the European companies and and
some of the sort of Asian companies are
getting out there at least in trying to
assess this risk and develop their
disclosures but I mean nobody I think
yet is is getting an a-plus here there's
a lot of work to do to get effectively
decision useful disclosure out of these
companies Antony Hobley thanks very much
for being with us thank you
now Columbia's youngest president Yvonne
Duke a marked his inauguration on
Tuesday with a pledge to permanently
eradicate coca cultivation the UN's
Office on Drugs and Crime estimates that
866 tonnes of cocaine was produced at
secret labs across Colombia in 2016 the
coca crops cover one hundred and forty
six thousand hectares of land mostly in
isolated regions where there's little
government control the UN believes a
hundred
6,000 families live of Coca production
as their main source of income demand
for the drug comes primarily from the
United States and Europe and jazeera's
Manuel Rapallo has more now from toribio
Colombia in the mountains of western
Colombia plantations of illicit crops
Checker the landscape for individuals
harvesting coca or marijuana as in the
case of Aveda youlet there's no legal
crop that will bring in as much money we
are expecting to make between eleven and
fourteen thousand dollars if the price
is in our favor
the price is unpredictable like the
weather over the last three years
cultivation of illicit crops has
skyrocketed in this region many believe
that the issue has already grown out of
the control of the national government
colombian president even bootcamp has
called illicit crop cultivations like
this marijuana field with somewhere
around 2,000 plants on it in existential
threat and has vowed to increase
eradication efforts including a crop
substitution program for rural farmers
the new president has also announced a
policy that includes the deployment of
unmanned drones to spray illicit crops
with the chemical herbicide glyphosate
but hunter will bind bay they are either
naive or they think we are all just
stupid enough to believe that drones
will defeat the phenomenon of drug
trafficking this is Alexander Lopez he's
a Colombian senator and a critic of the
proposed eradication efforts la única
form the only way to stop drug
trafficking is for farmers and people in
these regions where illicit crops are
grown to be aided by the government and
for the government to have their backs
towns like dot Evo exist at the fringe
of the government's control business
owners like Juan Carlos say without
government support marijuana cultivation
has become an important part of the
communities algo de Ariella comedically
sada by cultivating and commercializing
it is now money that in one way or
another moves the local economy that's
the impact I've seen marijuana farmers
like Ovidio say they're concerned about
the future worried that the new
government will
soldiers to destroy their plants
removing their only source of income and
that is our show for this week remember
you can get in touch with us by tweeting
me at Haslem seeker and do use the
hashtag a JCTC when you do or drop us an
email counting the cost at al jazeera
dotnet is our address
but there's more for you online as well
at aljazeera.com slash CTC that'll take
you straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on that's
it for this edition of counting the cost
I'm handsome seeker from the whole team
here thanks for joining us the news on
ledges IRRI is next
