slivers of light shined through the
simply furnished home of naquan DISA
katana she's been living on this land
illegally for three weeks they are
dozens more roughly built homes dotted
across this hill and still and Bosch
near Capetown an area known for its
affluent vineyards and estates calm in
DeWitt
it's because of our government that we
are here we have asked for land before
but they have not helped us we have to
make a lot of noise and fight to get
this land here a court has ordered that
no more homes can be Bulger and those
that are unoccupied be destroyed but as
night falls people scurry to bring in
war building material this is our land
that was taken from our ancestors even
though the current owner bought this
land
the previous owners stole this land and
so now it needs to be returned to us we
are taking the land according to
government statistics of Africa's whites
minority population owns more than 70%
of privately owned farming land and a
political and public pressure to reform
land ownership ruling African National
Congress says it will support moves to
change the Constitution to allow the
seizure of land as long as it does not
harm the agricultural sector or the
economy but it's unclear how this will
be done and who qualify for the land
while acknowledging the need for urgent
land reform President Salama pasa
appears to be struggling with a
balancing act this week while addressing
investors he said the government would
not allow land grabs and Anarchy wanting
to calm the fears of the business
community but deciding between what
landless people need and what investors
want may not make everyone happy the
government says it plans to seize a
hundred and thirty-nine farms across
South Africa before the Constitution is
changed if successful amendments to the
Constitution could be avoided there are
fears seizing land without compensation
could scare off investors violate
property rights and hurt food production
critics say talk around land
expropriation is a ploy for votes ahead
of next year's elections rather than a
sincere attempt to reform landowner
ship and that expectations should be
managed meanwhile people here could face
eviction as the landowner returns to
court in the coming weeks to have them
removed familiar mela al jazeera
stellenbosch south africa
