it's hard to imagine a more disturbing
and sickening image of the futility of
war and the yelling at the scene of an
airstrike by the Saudi emirati coalition
body parts are strewn around a man holds
a toned body watching what is his guilt
what is his crime he wonders why target
these students this is the work of the
American Saudi coalition airstrike they
are schoolchildren one we will seek
revenge no matter what he says these
children were in a minibus full of
students heading back from a school
summer camp in northern Yemen but as
their bus drove through a busy market in
the Han area of Sadr province it was
targeted by the airstrike they do what
they can here at the hospital which is
under-resourced and overwhelmed and what
effect will it have on these young minds
dozens of their classmates were killed
in the strike there is now a growing
chorus of condemnation a rare thing in
Yemen's 3 and 1/2 year war it took the
images of these children drenched in
blood and reeling from shock to move the
world we deplore Thursday's attack in
Yemen where a coalition airstrike hit a
bus carrying children in Dyan market in
sada reportedly killing 40 people and
injuring another 60 the UN
secretary-general Antonio Guterres
called for a swift investigation into
the attack the secretary-general
emphasizes that all parties mistake
constant care to spare civilians and
civilian objects in the conduct of
military operations and he calls for an
independent and prompt investigation
into this incident the conflict in Yemen
pits the richest countries in the region
so there beyond the United Arab Emirates
against the poorest the sodium arathi
coalition has been repeatedly criticized
for targeting civilian areas in their
war against the Houthi fighters the
fighting has killed thousands and left
millions others on the brink of
starvation
mohammed al jazeera Djibouti
