the Mediterranean is now the most
overfished sea in the world according to
the latest report by the United Nations
working the waters of the small port of
La Ciotat our men like share our care
Edano are counting the cost more than a
third of the seas total fish population
has vanished
over the last 50 years pollution and
climate change are taking a toll but the
impact of tourism is not even being
monitored is it to say there's no more
fish when you see the pressure created
by amateurs every day four to five
hundreds boats leave Lesotho port
imagine each of them brings alpha kilo
of fish some less some lot more well
that's a lot of fish taken away every
day back in the 1950s just over this
small stretch of the coastline in
southern France they used to be
something like 70 fishermen casting the
nets in these waters and now they've
gone down to just 13 robber g√∂del is one
of the shrinking band of artisan
fishermen who are being paid to take
part in a unique project to restore the
ecology of the coastline a company of
marine biologists have deployed special
traps at sea to catch juvenile fish and
raise them in protected nurseries on
shore here we've got some sea bream
mullet horse mackerel and a lot of
plankton housed on the key side in the
port of Marseilles the species are given
the best start to their hazardous lives
the odds are stacked against them in
nature for every 1 million eggs coastal
fish produce only one will make it
through to becoming a reproductive adult
and the press of humanity makes it even
worse
it's a fella this food sure the olive
was mostly because of pollution caused
the construction zone in the port's the
use of cement and the urban planning on
the coastline gerrae has seven
grandchildren he needs to help support
and he's not landing enough fish to do
it so now he raises rare species himself
to sell to specialists aquaria a crew
Europe like many others in the fishing
communities here he has nothing but
contempt for the bureaucrats in Brussels
running the Common Fisheries Policy he
says if you want help help yourself
David Chater
al Jazeera Marseille
