Donald Trump has been pushing for the
creation of a new branch of the military
for months he talks about it often at
his rallies we may even have a space
force now his vice president says Donald
Trump's vision will become a reality
while too often previous administrations
all but neglected the growing security
threats emerging in space president
Trump's stated clearly and forcefully
that space is in his words a war
fighting domain just like land and air
and sea the new force will be used to
protect us satellites in space which
provide vital services like
communication it can also protect spy
satellites which direct military
operations and there is the growing
commercial space market too it's not a
new idea in 1983 President Ronald Reagan
called for a space-based missile defense
system just a year after Congress
demanded the establishment of a new
space force the defense system dubbed
Star Wars by critics never got beyond
the research phase the u.s. already has
a Space Command as part of the Air Force
and some see the new branch as an
expensive waste in fact defense
secretary Jim mattis initially resisted
it but just earlier this week signaled
he was no on board we are in complete
alignment with the president's concern
about protecting our assets in space to
contribute for security for economy and
we're going to have to address it as
other countries show a capability to
attack those out there creating a new
branch of the military needs
congressional authorization and funding
if Republicans lose control of the House
of Representatives in November's midterm
elections it might never happen
former astronaut Mark Kelly says he
doesn't see the point there is a threat
out there but it's being handled by the
US Air Force today doesn't make sense
to build a whole nother level of
bureaucracy the space force if approved
would become the sixth branch of the US
military it would be led by a four-star
officer and with pool resources from
other military branches
Russia has a space force Chinese space
program is run by the military and the
White House will include an eight
billion dollar funding request for their
new space force in the next budget Alan
Fisher al Jazeera Washington
