when President Joseph Kabila finally
made it clear that he will not be
seeking re-election and handed over the
baton to Manuel ramazan Ishod re it
ended two years of speculation and
anxiety characterized by protests and
violent confrontations between police
and demonstrators some of his critics
like Martin feiyu Lou who wants to be
president says Kabila's legacy is
tainted today we don't have any security
the security is a big issue there is no
peace Kabila has scattered the country
kabila legacy is poverty companies we
became poor poor the president inherited
a country that was just getting out of a
civil war back in 2001 his father had
been assassinated and he was thrust in
the thick of the Democratic Republic of
Congo's complex politics he's credited
by some for unifying a country that was
divided bringing a sense of normalcy
reforming the military and starting an
ambitious rebuilding program when Kapila
became president there were few paved
roads in Kinshasa and none at all in
many other parts of the country that has
changed especially in the capital these
over the years
to build a network of roads linking
different parts of the country some
people say that what he's done is not
good enough but his advices say he's
done what he could in incredibly
difficult times while doing that we kept
on hearing all sort of bad things about
him but mouthing sanctions here
sanctions there wars that came from
outside to come and invade the country
so while fighting the war it was still
building what I've just said the basic
infrastructure what is road fought
airports bridges you name it in
marketplaces like this one in the heart
of Kinshasa people say they want a
leader who's going to make their lives
more bearable
they want the basics and entered
corruption jobs for their children and
to feel they're living in one of the
most resource rich countries in the
world I want someone to stabilize the
economy so I can take my children to
school feed my family and even afford to
buy a house kabila is 47 years old a
shrewd politician many people we've
talked to say whatever his legacy the
fact that he's agreed not to run for a
third term
can only be a good thing for a country
that has never seen a peaceful
transition of power
Catherine sorry al-jazeera Kinshasa
