President Trump will receive a personal
report on the case in coming hours he's
urged Turkish authorities to hand over
any audio and video recordings they may
have we've asked for it if it exists I'm
not sure yet that it exists probably
does possibly do
the president has been reluctant to
criticize Saudi Arabia or discuss any
sanction that may be imposed dismissing
allegations of Saudi complicity as and I
quote another case of guilty until
proven innocent
tremendous purchaser of not only
military equipment but other things
President Trump is awaiting the report
from his Secretary of State who was sent
to the region in the face of growing
political uproar Mike Pompeo spent time
with senior Saudi figures during a visit
to Riyadh and said they had denied any
knowledge of the matter and had started
a full investigation he also met with
the Turkish president in Ankara shaking
hands for the camera but insisted it was
too early to go into details about the
journalists disappearance I don't want
to talk about any of the facts they
didn't want to either and that they want
to have the opportunity to complete this
investigation in a
and more pressure from Congress the
House Speaker Paul Ryan saying action
must be taken we have laws for this we
recently passed the Magnitsky Act which
is a man who was killed in prison in a
Russian prison so we have sanction laws
on the books in terms of this bipartisan
action president Trump is given 120 days
to decide on what sanctions to impose a
group of Democrat senators have demanded
that the Trump family disclose any
business ties it may have had with Saudi
Arabia in the past decade but this is
legally unenforceable and likely to be
brushed aside by the President and a
remind of the man who's at the center of
this ongoing crisis the Washington Post
has published an opinion piece written
by Jamal khashoggi shortly before his
disappearance
in it he criticizes the lack of
international response to the abuse of
journalists in countries like Saudi
Arabia and Egypt he writes these actions
no longer carry the consequence of a
backlash from the international
community instead these actions may
trigger condemnation quickly followed by
silence as a result he continues Arab
governments have been given free rein to
continue silencing the media at an
increasing rate chilling words from a
man who may himself have been silenced
Michener al jazeera Washington
