after months of speculation and anxiety
Emanuel Ramazan Isha dari president
Joseph Kabila
trusted ally has been nominated by the
common front for Congo coalition as his
successor it was a surprise to many who
thought the president who tried to run
for a third term even though he's barred
by the Constitution or choose other more
politically vocal leaders chadar is a
secretary of the president's People's
Party for Reconstruction and democracy
PP Rd he comes from the same province in
the East s Kabila's mother as well as
powerful generals in the military for
that analyse say his sin as a safe bet
he's however under European Union
sanctions list for human rights abuses
particularly during protests late last
year when he was interior minister
security forces are safe to have used
excessive force on protesters but party
supporters and officials say they will
stand by President Joseph Kabila is an
exceptional leader in Africa and the
world ends I thank him he said he will
not seek reelection and he has stood by
his room he strongest opponents
jean-pierre Bemba was recently appointed
by the International Criminal Court in
the Netherlands where he was in jail for
war crimes for the last 10 years
natal chimeric came third in the 2011
presidential election and hopes at this
time he has a shot at the top seats and
then this Felix to Cecchetti he is the
leader of the largest opposition party
Union for democracy and social change
his father Etienne Jesse Kelly
in a presidential election in 2011 we
died last year but they haven't brought
his body home because of internal
political rumbles the leaks Anna Lisa
will be banking on his father's
popularity in his bid for presidency
another popular opposition leader Moyes
Kitumba who's been in exile since 2016
has been barred by the government from
entering the country
he says he'll take legal action those
who have submitted their catalytic can
contest if the electric ignition
disqualify them and if they feel agree
they all have the right to go to the
Constitutional Court in all more than 20
candidates have filed their papers and
paid a mandatory $100,000 their
political fate now lies with electric
commissioners who will approve or deny
their candidacy Catherine soy al-jazeera
kinshasa
