hi i'm femi okay and join the stream
today we are joined by a superstar of
Afrobeat femi kuti we'll be talking
about his music his commitment to
activism and the inspiration praise
latest album
I'm Malika baila femi and his band will
play some of his best-known songs in the
studio today and we want to hear your
questions and comments join the
conversation on Twitter Facebook and the
Al Jazeera livestream Femi Kuti
is one of the leading lights of africa
music over a 40-year career he has fused
jazz and funk to intoxicating effect
gathering several Grammy Award
nominations along the way his music is
an inspiration to famous musicians
including common and most stuff as well
as younger African musicians starting
their careers and he strongly committed
to progressive causes not least or his
work as a goodwill ambassador for the
United Nations Children's Fund now Femi
a storing his 10th album the recently
released at one people one world have a
listen
justice
Femi Kuti i believe my eyes you are here
on the stream welcome thank you people
who have not been to a femi kuti concert
they haven't experienced that I have
dipped into your Instagram account to
give people a little flavor so this was
Santa Cruz California I'm just gonna
click play here so you can get the full
effect people watching
that looks like a dance class what I
notice is that the audiences have come
to see you are so diverse it tells me
something about Afrobeat about how it
reaches such a broad audience why do you
think you're able to do that I think and
probably the character and the music of
today and because I am I think I've been
privileged to travel and use this as the
direction to move my music and so I
think this reaches out to everybody and
what I talk about happens in every
nation really like take for instance the
album one people one wall everybody can
understand this and we talk about
justice peace love it's very simple
catch awards that kindergarten kind of
so I think this is what cuts across
everybody I think our community would
agree we got this from Edward on Twitter
who says I believe families music is
more optimistic and this latest album
his messages are more about it's more
about inspiring the next generation to
be confident and to unite for collective
good Africa will be great again it's one
of my favorite so he mentions your
latest album what is it that's made this
different than the others I think age
experience and maturity and then of
course my children being a father I have
had to really redirect my thinking and I
your children come daddy and you have to
find answers and you have to find
positive answers from your children
you can't really be negative even if you
feel that way so I'm even forced to now
find solutions politically socially
because my children demand this as a
father from me so I've I think my whole
life has changed and I think this I'll
probably have to give this about 7080
percent to my children making me more
responsible and on this album
your eldest son it's playing just have a
look at my laptop everybody this is this
is Maddie and he's playing on this
actual album does that make it's the
greatest feeling a father can have or
any parent I think when you're you see
your son doing well and not really too
in your your line but just seeing his
smile being involved
I mean it was I I don't know if is their
big award than love probably it was so
emotional for me I have to show people
this picture here because I've seen a
lot of images of you and your family and
there's a picture here of you and your
eldest when he's a little bit younger
she was not even I just see love all I'm
saying is this love of you looking at
him yes my daily was night then I knew
he's taller than me daddy
yeah it's so beautiful it's I mean life
is so I mean those are things that make
my music change pitches like this I go
back in time and I see so my life goes
quickly I see buting them in the world
and I try to put this through my music
before I was very I was a fighter you
could say with my music for the album's
tracks like sorry sorry victim of life I
was young and oh what happened to my
father I was trying to relate with that
growing up and now like I said being a
father myself and seeing my children
grow up seeing so much love around me I
tried to spread this around the world
what goes on in my life your son this is
a tweet we got routing those two things
this is someone who says as much as I
think this comparison to your father
Fela Kuti cootie is not necessary his
children meaning your children for me
are doing a great job
Timmy's son is said to carry on the
legacy he might just bring and add a new
flavor with it so people are recognizing
that familial link there but I want to
move on just a little to this because
someone seeing the video we saw the very
beginning of this show with the energy
that you had there this person asks a
question which I think it's on a lot of
our minds how do you find the motivation
to give us to almost free world-class
shows every week whenever you're in
Lagos at the new Africa shrine you and
your band had been doing this for over a
decade and the quality of the craft on
display each time is inspiring I think
this has to do with them dedication love
for my people and understanding that
there's a lot of poverty around me and
the only thing I could contribute in the
area where the shrine was built was give
people the privilege
you just come in free and watch us and
then it's a two-toned professional and
the musicians around we had to
understand that we shouldn't look down
on the audience you never know who is
watching you and so you have to respect
even if it's a poem by a driver House
help we have to give the same kind of
energy and this will make us more
professionally professional and so this
was my education to the band and her
happy those that have stood beside me or
with alongside me understand what I'm
doing and it you feel this with the
audience so we have about probably a
thousand people come in we can recall
just to watch the band for free I'm
looking here this is Boulder Colorado
Femi Kuti in the positive force Boulder
Colorado what is the difference between
the show that you did there and the show
that you would do at the shrine are you
doing femi light when you're on tour and
then you do hardcore femi at the shrine
what the differences we have our
costumes were more professional on tour
I try to be a bit light-hearted but when
we rehearse in we put this like like an
athlete you you have to put 100 percent
sway the competition starts you are
flexible so we put like a thousand
percent at the rehearsal when we are on
tour it will even make a mistake on
stage you hardly hear and we can play
around the mistake we can joke about it
because we have repeated it so many
times so we are going to hear if I may
give a hundred percent in just a moment
this first song in our show today no
work no job no money but first let's
hear from one of his fans I open Kolya
sent us this comment about the impact of
family's work I'd love for me especially
because he created his own genre of
funky alphabets that blew our minds away
connected very strongly with my
generation and family has beauty has
worked very hard to maintain that
formidable foe big plant you know since
then he his music to me represents
African conscious music tradition and he
constantly reminds us that we should
never say to progress for my leaders
long live fairly long live alpha beats
long live Africa thank you
you
come and sit down
let me tell me which the band that you
brought with you who's the band member
so we can then check them so this isn't
everybody yes this is everybody that's
our bandleader of Miami and on
precautions you have a la ba shame on
keyboards Antonia who dances and plays a
Pakistan what she's different on stage
so to see the full impact of the dancing
I want to talk about you actively you
could hear that in that song you can
hear every single song you sing I'm
going to show an image here and this is
you doing some humanitarian work with
the International Rescue Committee
surrounding by kids who love you I'm
trying to think what is it that they're
drawn to I'm gonna show one thing first
what can a musician do have a bunch of
kids click play let have a look they
love you they're drawn to you what is it
that you bring when you go out and you
go out into the community and you say
I'm gonna use my my fame yes what are
you doing I'm taking humility I'm taking
my honesty and most importantly the
music along with me I check my I check
my musical instrument and I think they
also mend the wall wondering what was in
my bag and they kept saying what's the
bag what's in your bag so I opened it
and now say ah of course I think they
realized it was a musical instrument I
say play play and I was like oh this was
in Maiduguri
it was for yes another went to do some
work there and I mean you have to see
the the suffering day is pitiful it's
really heartbreaking
and all I wish I had a magic wand to
just like change their lives and all I
had was my musical instrument I didn't
have enough money because they were very
there was stabbing there and I thought
all I could do was probably give them
some hope play my musical instrument so
I did play for them and then they said
to follow me around like you have you
seen that story of eyes is it pipe the
Python yes they said to follow me
everywhere was very joyful a couple more
people that would likely follow you
anywhere this is cheaper can see was
watching you perform on the show and
says it was electric fehmi's energy as
rare that made Coetzee rocking the AJ
stream studio someone else writes in
dragon energy that's his handle he says
simply energetic but pushing on to the
topic you were just talking about why
people are following you this is world
publicist who says his music touches on
the true story of Nigeria and the need
for Nigerians both young and old to read
about and remember their history he also
addressed his societal issues like
poverty unemployment and political
issues like corruption on his songs
those can't always be popular topics yes
you're exposing corruption you're doing
it through song but these are serious
issues that the lyrics that I wrote down
different resources from Africa and the
last last song we heard what's the push
back what what do you face in terms of
obstacles when you do that
I'm very difficult for you to get radio
play but now these days I get regularly
which is fantastic when we build a
shrine it was we had lots of police
raids and for a good eight years this
was so hard to move into the shrine I'm
not moving with my children and I had to
build somewhere very safe for them on
top of the building like it's secret
compartment there and we were just
having police rays after police raids
and this went on for a good eight years
and but but this reminded me of my
father so I stood strong
many people don't realize all this
happened in my life because I had like a
complete blackouts from the media the
the government paid a lot of media
people not to write about the raids or
what was going on so it was complete
blackout in my life so but at this time
I
I still had the opportunity to talk so
unfortunately for the government I was
still making my name was creating a big
impact in San Francisco Miami where I
was touring Paris I mean I have very
strong support outside the country and
the people back home don't realize this
because nobody really talks about it
thank God for social media now I can
post these shows and people are like you
talk to people on social media yes all
the time they don't even believe it's
because I'm very tired or I'm in a hurry
my English can be very bad yeah and
forgive me for that people people come
to the shrine now because it is famous
because you are playing them I'm so glad
you see first of all let's see him
dancing everybody so you have to believe
that even the President of France will
be dancing at the shrine
he was trying his hips like he was more
like good spy you've got him here he is
he's sitting at the shrine to have a
look here at my laptop here and there's
a little sequence so he's here you say
very nice things about President McCall
he's having a fantastic time in the
audience having a little chat yes you
obviously bonded yes and you don't like
politicians because he was very honest I
have to see he reached out to me I said
he wanted to come to this China many
people like pretended they were bringing
him and when I saw him face to face was
I wanted to come here I watched you in
2002 and what he what I got from him we
spoke about the migrant crisis he was
willing to address Africa's problem and
frenzy and Frances rule and so the next
time I had the opportunity I will be
speaking frankly with him on many of
these issues that I'm very concerned
about what he was very opened he didn't
have this kind of barrier like oh I'm
like a snob kind of thing I mean he
insisted he wanted to come to the shrine
despite all the feedback like don't go
and he was like he even said it several
times I watched Femi Kuti
in 2002 people pretend it was my father
purple potatoes because of my father and
no matter how many times they mentioned
my name they gave credit to my father so
I took it to another level well whether
its family or fella is still the same
political game we're playing Africa has
to be free in making a statement saying
coochie-coochie is the state so um it's
fine for me they call my father my name
the bottom line the shrine is there for
the emancipation of Africa and we want
total freedom for Africa to excel and I
strongly believe given the opportunity
Africa will excel and will be the envy
of the world imagine we have rail lines
like in Europe I mean can you imagine
traveling from Lagos to Jonas book by
train those kind of trains we see three
hundred and seventy kilometers power
Wow the beauty Africa will will spread
in the world and this is what I see this
is my dream with my music way to this
last question from someone also named
femi and if you are not in Nigeria
here on Twitter says please ask him what
he thinks about new the doom generation
of musical activism in Nigeria and
Africa I wouldn't want to be critical of
the artist because we were all young and
we and both there are some that are very
outspoken these days I think I've heard
one of I can't remember their names
I think I'm Fallon oh and he's spoken
there few that are speaking out but what
my the only thing I fear about is I wish
more of them picked up musical
instruments because what happens in
music is as serious as law or medicine
what happens when they get to my age and
is that going gray and bald another
generation will come and the only reason
you'll be relevant is if you have
something to offer the next generation
my father is important because it was a
composer he studied music and you talk
of people like Miles Davis Dizzy
Gillespie or Stevie Wonder they are only
relevant because the music is should be
seen as medicine or law in this picture
here with you and you fella
right you're still going strong so we're
gonna end this show with another
performance from you Thurman thank you
so much for this and you planned the
positive force play one people one world
that's the lead single from his latest
album and while he gets set up let's
hear from Angelique Kidjo
another African music legend who's
touring with me and had this to say I've
been working with them for so many years
musically and also as UNICEF Goodwill
Ambassador both of us we've been working
on many issues and his energy his
honesty has always come across very
strongly and most importantly being the
son of a legend is not easy but he kept
the torch very high by keeping in making
Afrobeat relevant modern and evolving
let's settle our differences it's best
to live in peaceful exchange cultural
experiences that's the way it should be
all nations activities - it's not
responsibility
Oh
it's easy to understand
