at a military cemetery outside Tbilisi
Temari berry anita has come to remember
some of those who fought and died ten
years ago she and her family lost their
home in Georgia's brief war with Russia
in August 2008 tamari now lives in a
settlement built to house some 20,000
IDPs or internally displaced people
their homes and villages were swallowed
up by a fortified boundary separating
Georgia from the russian-backed
breakaway regions of South Ossetia and
Abkhazia some of the IDPs preferred to
forget what happened
children are not thoughts their family's
history of war and occupation forgetting
these things is unbelievable to me many
Georgians refused to forget outside the
building that was the Russian embassy
until the two countries severed
diplomatic ties after the war they
demand that Russia end what they call
its occupation but Russia shows no sign
of withdrawing thousands of its troops
stationed in the breakaway regions
despite being required to do so under
the EU broke a deal that ended the war
and there's good reason for that far
more than this diplomatic protest is the
eastward expansion of NATO taking in
Georgia as a member and bringing that
Western alliance right up to Russia's
doorstep
NATO's promised to Georgia in early 2008
of a fast tracked route to membership
lit a fuse that made war inevitable
this week as Georgia and NATO hold joint
military exercises Russia's Prime
Minister Dmitry Medvedev has warned of a
quote horrible new conflict I spoke to a
former Georgian foreign minister if we
stand where we stand today we will
always be vulnerable and we will always
be blackmailed by Russia so the only way
is to move ahead to join Europe to join
NATO and to be protected democracy like
other Eastern Europeans there were fears
that the war ten years ago would pit
Russia and NATO against one another over
Georgia that remains an alarming
possibility
