manal unison hoon says all she has left
in this world are her four kids and God
she's exhausted from this life Zenon is
married to an ISIL fighter who's in
prison
oh what a Samba if he doesn't come back
home and work life will be so hard
without him she and her children ranging
in age from one to ten were detained for
seven months after they were released
the family had no money no home and no
other option but to seek shelter at this
camp for the displaced fighting may have
ended Enzo Nunes hometown of Mosul last
year but she says if you've been branded
as an ISIL family it's too dangerous to
return I want security security is the
most important thing inside the camp I'm
alone but I'm safe in Simoes so I'm not
safe when another woman returned they
took them about 30% of the displaced at
this camp here in Mosul province are
ISIL families that's according to the
manager of the People's Council which
represents all residents the majority of
the camp population are women and
children and that might be why the
manager says there hasn't been any
tension between ISIL families and other
residents we wrote the lead it goes back
to the camp management everybody is
equal they don't differentiate between
this family and that family but outside
the camp these families say they're
confronting a very different mentality
I'm not ashamed and I will never be it's
true we're an ISIL family but we won't
change I'm not afraid but we are afraid
of the Shia militia Amina says she's
encouraging her two sons to study not to
become a fighter like their deceased
father when my son grows up I can't stop
him from choosing this path that's why
they don't want us to go back to our own
town for now these families are stuck
they're too afraid to go home and people
are too afraid to welcome them back as
neighbors Natasha came al jazeera Mosul
province
