it was a simple tweet about human rights
that outraged Saudi Arabia the
government has now suspended flights and
ended trade ties with Canada but is
international criticism enough to
improve human rights in the kingdom this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Mohammed Jim Jim Saudi Arabia
considers Canada's comments on human
rights in the kingdom to be an
interference in its affairs that
requires what it calls a sharp response
it has expelled the Canadian ambassador
and recalled its envoy from Ottawa
it's state-owned airline has suspended
direct flights to Toronto and the
government says it will in trade and
investment ties it all began with a
tweet from Canada's foreign affairs
ministry stating concerns over Saudi
Arabia's arrest of rights activists and
demanding their immediate release one of
those activists mentioned in that tweet
is somewhat above the weak a relative of
Canadian citizens by the way and fellow
activist Nasim asada were arrested last
month but Dewey is the recipient of the
2012 International Women of Courage
Award who's known for challenging Saudi
Arabia's male guardianship system she is
the sister of blogger drive by the we
and the former wife of lawyer woody that
will care who are both serving lengthy
jail terms in Saudi prisons the Canadian
foreign minister says her country will
not back down we will always speak up
for human rights we will always speak up
for women's rights around the world and
I do also want to say when it comes to
the Badawi family and South Haydar is a
Canadian citizen and she and her family
there for merit special attention from
the governments of Canada
and a lot of Canadian civil society has
been speaking up for her it's something
that we do we stand up for Canadians and
their families around the world earlier
on Monday Saudi foreign minister either
debater tweeted saying the kingdom
doesn't interfere in the affairs of
other countries and we will not accept
any interference attempts we will deal
with this firmly the surprising Canadian
stance is based on misleading
information the prosecution of those
mentioned is subject to our judicial
systems that guarantee their rights
Saudi authorities have arrested a number
of people in recent days more than a
dozen women's rights campaigners were
detained in May on charges of
undermining national security some have
since been released
dozens of clerics have also been
arrested including leading preachers
Salman
auda our dev Academy and safar al Hali
several high-profile human rights
activists are in jail and some have been
referred to a counterterrorism tribunal
for trial and Saudi Arabia has
imprisoned nearly all the founders of
the band Saudi Civil and Political
Rights Association all right let's bring
in our panel joining us in London
Rothman a Begum a senior researcher in
women's rights at Human Rights Watch in
Leeds Sultan barakat director of the
Centre for conflict and humanitarian
studies at the Doha Institute and in
Washington DC I'm a director of research
and analysis at the Arab center of
Washington DC welcome to you all
ruffnut I want to start with you we are
really in uncharted territory these days
when it comes to detention of activist
in Saudi Arabia I mean there was a time
not that long ago when the arrest of so
many prominent women might be viewed as
something that would engender a lot of
anger in Saudi society isn't that the
case absolutely this is an unprecedented
and unrelenting crackdown on all forms
of dissent and criticism in the country
now the difference this time is that
it's highly unusual for the Saudi
authorities to one actually detain the
activists and at the same time take
credit for their reforms in previous
times of course they've arrested and
harassed and intimidated activists but
never in a manner in which they the
there was a concerted campaign of
arrests before it was always in relation
to something so the women defied the
driving ban so they were arrested so it
was sudden acts that led to them back
should be being arrested this time round
they were rounded up and arrested from
the mid in the middle of the night from
their homes in such a concerted way with
a smear campaign something we've not
seen before either Saudi authorities are
launching a race social media campaign
to malign the reputation with inside
Arabia and at the same time trying to
make sure that they have a PR savvy
campaign in order to ensure that the
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
is able to take full credit for the
reforms that these women have been
championing for years
and mad let me ask you does this does
this you know crack down and also this
rift now with Canada does this have a
risk at all of backfiring on Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman from either
inside or outside the kingdom well
totally the truth I mean how can it not
backfire on him unfortunately this is a
an almost irrational action I mean it's
just an emotional impulse and he acted
on it I don't think that it really makes
his case any better domestically or
internationally for what he says you
know he's trying to you know rue the
kingdom that's basically on the cusp of
modernization or that I don't think that
modernization comes by arresting woman
or any civil society activists or
anybody for that matter so I really
doubt that this is going to help this
already cause at all Soltan does the
fact that Canada granted citizenship in
early July to insaaf Haider who is the
wife of jailed Saudi blogger and
activist that I've by the way does that
play into this I mean how angry was
Saudi Arabia about that and has that
added you know fuel to this fire you
know that emerged because of the tweet
well I think the citizenship was granted
earlier this year but the asylum was
given back in 2000 and and 15 and right
Badawi was imprisoned in Saudi Arabia in
2012 so Canada in a way has something to
to justify why they should be concerned
about what's going on in Saudi Arabia
however I think probably the medium in
which they and the way in which they
reacted was very unfortunate I think
this is their to two stories here one is
the crackdown within Saudi Arabia and
the second is a lesson to all that you
cannot really conduct foreign policy
based on tweets and when they express
their concern of course I don't think
that came directly from Adam Freeland
but it has been she has she she got
implicated in it and the real worry is
the way it escalated
so quickly over the last few days and I
think again the Saudi or totally
irrational responses or series of
responses that followed that tweet have
made the situation much worse and in
these circumstances I think it will very
quickly grow beyond that initial family
problem and the sister-in-law of Roth
Badawi Roth now if we could just step
back for a minute because our viewers
are hearing a lot of names they may not
be familiar with Saudi human rights
activists both female and male who have
been detained the past few months let's
talk specifically for a moment about
some what about the way she is the
person who was mentioned by name in that
tweet by the Canadian embassy in Saudi
Arabia let's talk for a moment about
some of the but do we of course she's
known for being a very prominent human
rights activist herself a recipient of a
US State Department Award in 2012
formally married to woody that will
create a very prominent rights lawyer in
Saudi Arabia who's been jailed sister of
rife but do we very prominent blogger
who's in jail in Saudi Arabia why would
she be targeted now that's the question
that's actually been on many people's
minds who actually know summer by the
way summer is a prominent women's rights
activist not as you say not just awarded
but for her the very activism that she's
campaigned on inside Arabia she herself
was a victim of the abusive male
guardianship system she fought in the
courts to remove the guardianship from
her father to her brother she also sued
the government in a number of occasions
because of discriminatees like for
instance the driving ban so she sued the
government in trying to ensure because
they didn't give her a driver's license
back some years ago she also sued the
government for not allowing her to stand
at the municipal council elections a
fight that they later won because in
part of these actions now somewhere had
actually gone fairly quiet
there was an intimidation campaign by
the authorities against women's rights
activists and they were clearly
concerned by that some of them may still
be speak to the media around the time of
the driving ban being lifted because
that was a time when international
journalists were flying into Saudi
Arabia to cover the this reform and so a
lot of these women were arrested but
summer wasn't and why she's been
arrested now is unclear but she is not
the only one has been arrested two other
women have also
been arrested and it seems as if they're
trying to get rid of all vestiges of
activists who may have the potential to
speak out or you know just to make it
very clear that you simply even for your
previous activism you cannot stay within
the country without being prosecuted and
just to be aware summer butter we
actually had a travel ban on her before
she was actually arrested and this has
been going on for some time now I'm at
us leadership you know has been closed
for decades with Saudi Arabia but you
know they have been critical in the past
at least somewhat of human rights
policies in Saudi Arabia that seems to
have stopped with the Trump
administration is the fact that the u.s.
is no longer being vocal when it comes
to perceived rights abuses in Saudi
Arabia is that embolden the Saudi regime
well it's unfortunately yes the white
house has basically absconded on the
issue of protecting democracy and human
rights around the world and including in
the Gulf and Saudi Arabia is one of
those states which Washington basically
tries always to avoid to criticize but
yeah I mean last year's State Department
report on Human Rights mentioned issues
of trespasses and things like that and
Saudi Arabia but yes I on the other hand
I I'd say that maybe the current Saudi
leadership is not necessarily waiting
for the Trump administration to approve
or disapprove of what they're trying to
do they have a program they have a
program of modernization of that and
they think that all of this is going to
affect their modernization efforts which
is which is definitely wrong so what I I
doubt that the Trump administration
whatever the front administration does
or criticize or does not criticize I
think the Saudi leadership will continue
to do whatever it wants to do regarding
human rights and democracy development
Soltan critics of Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau have have
charged that he has not been strong
enough in the past of his criticism of
Saudi Arabia and they say the fact that
he is allowing
arms deals to Saudi Arabia that were
negotiated before his tenure to go
through that that shouldn't happen and
some have said that this criticism that
has come up in the last few days is
really just essentially a PR move to
deflect criticism that he's been
receiving because of the arms deal what
do you say to all that is there merit to
that
well Canada like Sweden and other
Scandinavian countries have declared
human rights and feminist agenda very
much central to their foreign policy and
have been very proud of this day they go
around the world speaking about this
policy and I think that has raised
expectations particularly within human
rights corners advocates southern
countries mostly that they expect a
stronger stand from Canada and those
countries that have our fast-developing
a lobby in that direction now that
hasn't been coming forthcoming and of
course the real disappointment has been
around Yemen the whole intervention in
Yemen is attracted very little criticism
from those countries direct criticism
and from the Americans as well now this
I go back to the point that I think it's
been an unfortunate incidence and had
the Saudis chosen not to respond to the
tweet probably nobody would have noticed
it or very few without not just I don't
think conducting foreign policy and
effecting change in Saudi Arabia is
going to be carried out on Twitter
I think the Canadians should have and
could have written to the Saudis shown
more support and they may may be behind
the scene they are doing all this and
the Saudis are not responding but there
are other channels 4-4-2 pledged to
place pressure on the Saudis at this
very important critical time given their
agenda of modernization and given their
very broad interventions around the
Middle East so they do need critical
friends and I think Canada could be one
of those friends that shows the Saudi
the right way occasionally but it has to
be done in a way that the Saudis feel
appropriate and not insulting Rovner
Amnesty International is called for the
international community to speak out
against rights abuses rights abuses in
Saudi Arabia can we expect to be hearing
more from countries specifically the UK
and France at this time if the UK France
and other EU states other countries our
allies society we're gonna care about
human rights care about women's rights
as they're supposed to according to
their charters and within their own laws
they should be standing up and declaring
their support for what Canada has said
and urging the release for all of these
activists inside Arabia the fact that
they have been silent so far is
deafening the silence is absolutely
deafening and it sort of leaves that the
Saudi Arabian authorities much more
emboldened because what that's what
they're really doing is they're trying
to silence all of their critics not just
internally but externally by reacting so
harshly and so aggressively against the
Canadian authorities they want to make
it clear these are the consequences of
what it means when you criticize us but
the UK France and others if they stood
up at the same time and said no in these
cases you can't call simply criticizing
you simply urging you to release an
activist as unlawful interference then
you know that would then show that no
Saudi Arabia has to continue trading
with many countries and if all of these
countries stood up and said something
they would then be pushed they would be
required to actually respond in a more
adequate manner but right now they're
getting away with this idea that the so
called interference when it's just a
normal and adequate criticism that is
absolutely reasonable in the
circumstance they're getting away with
that I'm a Saudi Arabia of course has
been trying to burnish its image
especially with the West I mean you had
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman you
know take that trip to the United States
really put on a charm offensive with
potential investors and with government
figures you know how does something like
this help that I mean we keep talking
about this in the past few months even
in the run-up to women driving in Saudi
Arabia finally they were granted the
women to drive and then in the run-up to
that some of the most prominent
activists who called for the right to
drive they were arrested and there was
outrage because of that I mean what is
the endgame here when it comes to public
or
Asians and Saudi Arabia and all this
well for one thing that is there is
unfortunately a little ignorance of what
the position of public relations is I
mean you have to really always work on
your image abroad but I think the the
underlying truth here is that the Saudi
leadership and many leadership's like it
considered economic relations to be
separate from political relations or
political reputations around the world
so I think the the crown prince maybe
thinks that if I strike deals enough
deals with companies and make sure that
for instance you know the American
president is happy with how many jobs
I'm helping to create in the United
States
maybe they'll they'll they won't say
anything about our human rights record
but it's it's very difficult today in
our day and age to really separate
economics from politics or from the
reputations of states this is not it's
not helpful you know and it's not only
this I mean the war in Yemen is
obviously not helpful yes you were you
know what the American administration is
happy because they're buying weapons to
use in the war and all that but you know
killing children and women in different
places and by the way they're not the
only one doing the killing a whole bunch
of others are doing the kidding but it's
it really does not serve any purpose of
public relations here sometime we were
just talking the economic aspect of this
time I could ask you to expand on some
of what I might was saying I mean Saudi
Arabia is going to great lengths these
days to tell potential investors that it
is open for business there is the crown
prince's saudi vision 2030 initiative
how does this help that at a time
they're trying to bring investors to
Saudi Arabia wouldn't potential
investors be scared of course they would
I don't think it's helping at all I
think it's another episode of shooting
themselves in the foot as a result of
this rushed reaction and reliance on on
Facebook and Twitter and so on as a form
of
communication the trade relations
between Canada and Saudi Arabia around
maybe four billion dollars a year mostly
exports to Canada from Saudi Arabia and
they have a huge program of higher
higher degree higher education so he is
going to Canada for education health etc
and stopping all this all of a sudden is
really causing a lot of hardship to to
the Saudi citizens themselves first -
suddenly expect students to switch and
look for other places where they cannot
continue their studies in in Canada or
to ask patients to look for alternative
sources of medication and so on it's
it's too difficult for those individuals
and I think the Saudis should show more
concern to their own citizenship and and
really react in a much more measured way
which is becoming extremely difficult
giving the way Mohammed bin Salman seems
to have given the reign to some of his
advisers to conduct policy over over
Twitter at the moment they tweet it's
very difficult to retract they say they
find it too embarrassing to say sorry
even when they publish this very
unfortunate image of an aircraft flying
towards Toronto they in English they
apologize in Arabic they did not dare to
apologize they just withdrew it now I
think someone should really be taking
control and if Saudi Arabia and Mohammed
means a man is serious about his
modernization reform so I'm sorry I
should just mention there there was an
apology by those who issued that tweet
of the of the plane the image of the
plane there was an apology that was
issued hours after that was treated
there there was an admission that it was
inappropriate but the text in Arabic
never said sorry okay but I may have
read a wrong tweet but this is what I
read in Arabic in English okay it's
clearly apologized for causing any
stress all right thanks for clarifying
ruffnut you know you heard stuff on
there talk about how he believes that
Saudi leadership should show
greater care or empathy to their
citizens is there any way to actually
gauge what Saudi citizens are feeling I
mean clearly people in Saudi Arabia are
afraid to speak out because of the
repercussions if there seem to be seen
criticizing the government there could
be severe consequences so can you
actually gauge what the Saudi public
feels about what the government is doing
right now unfortunately you can't we
have no idea really what the vast
majority of side rabens really feel
about what the government is doing I
think there is a genuine concern of
course that the Saudi authorities are
really cracking down on dissent but the
fear now has penetrated that they cannot
say anything I mean these are Saudi
Arabians who are prominent on on social
media they're like one of the biggest
users of Twitter in the country in the
world I mean and yet you know when you
look at the kind of reactions like
what's happening with Canada the vast
majority of those attacking and the sort
of things that were happening I usually
Twitter BOTS they're usually done in a
sudden kind of manner that suggests
these are on recruits these are not
regular sized Arabians who are showing
outrage about what side rabies doing
about what side Europeans allies are
saying about them
and so it's not really clear what the
side rapings are able to say or think we
will never really know because the
sanitary authorities will not allow
appalling you know won't allow for the
for the outrage to really to to come out
in public and if anything those who have
been somewhat critical eating of so for
instance after the arrests of the
women's rights activists one woman had
tweeted her support of those women who
had been arrested she was arrested
shortly after her friend then posted the
letter that she had prepared if she was
arrested in that instance and then that
friend was arrested now that friend was
not not an activist she's simply posted
something her friend had asked her to do
online and the previous friend was also
not really a prominent activist either
she just shows support for these
activists so it's very very clear you
cannot not only be an activist you
cannot express yourself but you also
cannot show support for these activists
so they are really going out of the way
to silence Saudis to even know to
prohibit them from coming out and
speaking their minds and
we'll only really see other Twitter BOTS
that will come out in in the support of
the Saudi government's so on we don't
have a whole lot of time left I want to
leave you with the last word here this
is not expected to have much of an
impact on Canada's economy are the
biggest losers here going to be those
fifteen or sixteen thousand students
that potentially will have to leave
Canada and get education elsewhere now
these Saudi students in the immediate
terms I think it is the Saudi students
and patients are going to suffer most
and and those who do normal business
holidaying
traveling directly between Saudi Arabia
and Canada but in the long term if this
escalates further I mean there is a
thirteen billion dollar deal or at least
initiated deal between Saudi and Canada
to provide them with armored vehicles
and and maybe this is a good reminder in
a way it could it could there could be a
silver lining to all this is that you
can't buy your way over issues global
issues of human rights that have become
more and more central in the way we
conduct our affairs sovereignty is
important intervention is not acceptable
but increasingly human rights are
there's a global agreement that you can
and you should interfere and maybe make
some noises or highlight issues and only
in extreme cases it could justify a
responsibility to protect in certain
circumstances now that of course it's
not going to reach that level but I
think it's good that Canada has spoken
out it's important that other countries
do the same but we should do it in in a
medium and in ways in the channels that
are established for doing this sort of
business through you know embassies and
foreign policy mechanisms alright we're
gonna have to leave it there we are out
of time
thanks so much to all our guests Rothen
the Begum's Sultana but a cat and I
might how to and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
anytime by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com/ /aj inside story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
for me Mohammed Jim Jim
entire team here bye for now
you
