this is the human cost of US sanctions
on Iran these people are not Iranian or
American but Afghan Sakana and her
family have lived in Iran for 25 years
all her children were born there they
were deported this week ending up in a
UN transit camp in western Afghanistan
we left behind our house our furniture I
locked the doors and now I am here they
were beating us they were very cruel
they kept saying get lost in the past
Iranian officials have said they've been
proud to host an estimated 3 million
Afghans but is around the economic
situation worsens Afghans one of the
most vulnerable communities in Iran are
some of the first to feel the pinch more
than 200,000 have been deported since
the start of the year only a few
thousand have received UN support their
economy kept getting worse and everyone
was shouting and screaming we kept
saying we're refugees here but they kept
saying if we cannot help Iranian 's how
can we help you another 200,000 Afghans
have returned home voluntarily after
they couldn't find work in Iran for
decades Afghans in the West have sent
their sons across the border to work and
send money home or with the collapse of
the nuclear deal and the currency and
freefall those jobs have dried up
remittances had propped up households
across western Afghanistan
simultaneously a massive drought has
devastated the region's main industry
agriculture not only have the Afghan
people been affected by drought but they
now have less ability to rely on family
members who are working abroad and
sending home of their paycheck in which
case you know the the number of people
who may be forced to migrate based on a
lack of resources in their own homes
could rise exponentially in very short
order the UN needs international funding
to support their attorneys they have
nearly half a million unemployed mostly
young men returning to a war zone the EU
Swiss and Italians have donated the US
has not Charlotte Valles al-jazeera
Herat
