on Wednesday Turkish investigators turn
their attention to the Saudi Consul
generals home after finally being given
permission to enter it's a team of
forensic experts and police headed by
the Attorney General's Office began
combing through the residence from
inside and out all in the presence of
Saudi officials the exception being the
Consul General himself who unexpectedly
left Turkey the day before by the
evening officials had told Al Jazeera
that investigators hadn't covered more
evidence in the case of missing
journalist Jamal keshavjee down the road
a second search of the consulate itself
was conducted on Wednesday with police
focusing on the C Block section of the
compound where they had previously
uncovered evidence that they say proved
a shock she was murdered more and more
information is being revealed as a
clearer picture begins to form albeit
slowly of what happened to Jamal
keshavjee Turkish investigators have
identified this man Mohammed rip a
member of Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman personal detail as a main suspect
he had accompanied bin Salman on several
foreign visits in recent months Turkish
intelligence leaks say motive made for
phone calls to the crown prince's own
personal secretary on the day her shop
she went missing and it was under
motives name that the private jets used
by the Saudi hit team were hired Turkish
investigators say they already have the
evidence that proves that Jamal
keshavjee was murdered and his body
dismembered they say the reason why they
insist on conducting searches like the
one in the building behind me is so that
they can establish all of the facts
turkey says it will go after anyone and
everyone responsible for this crime even
if that includes one of the Arab world's
most powerful men jamal al al al jazeera
Istanbul
