in this juvenile detention workshop
inmates are learning how heat can break
down and remould even the toughest of
materials staff have been trying for the
past two years to do the same to their
most challenging inmates all convicted
or accused of committing crimes in the
name of ISIL ISIL is out of my head I
changed my behavior and I have some
skills in trade I want to work and
become a professional football player
there are 75 ISIL teenage inmates
isolated from the rest of the population
they're all male and as young as 11
years old their crimes include murder
and rape the warden admits at first even
staff were afraid of these young men the
rehabilitation program doesn't just
include learning trade skills such as
cutting hair or repairing air
conditioners
they enjoy the simple pleasures of music
and playing football pastimes often
forbidden by ISIL in their previous
lives do they feel like they belong
somewhere they think that once again
people care about them they are
transformed from a destroyed person into
someone who has a life the attack on the
regional government headquarters in
Erbil last month is a reminder of the
challenges and limitations of any
rehabilitation program the Security
Council of the Kurdistan region says one
of the man arrested from a suspected
ISIL sleeper cell involved in the attack
used to be in this program to tell you
the truth they don't always change 100%
there's a 50/50 chance they won't change
500 ISIL juveniles were arrested during
the Iraqi Army's offensive to recapture
the city of Mosul in 2016 they were
jailed for what is described as
terrorism related offenses most have
been released and as far as the warden
knows haven't committed any additional
crimes but part of rehabilitation
involves inmates acknowledging their
crimes and accepting accountability
those we spoke to denied belonging to
ISIL and maintained their innocence Ali
is serving a five-year sentence for
weapons training with ISIL there were
two hundred members inside here
everybody knew that they committed
crimes all of their sentences were half
a year and they have been released
why does my sentence have to be five
years when these men are eventually
released from detention in the Kurdistan
Region they're worried they might find
themselves behind bars again serving
time for the same crime but this time
they would be in a jail run by the
federal government in Baghdad Natasha
guy named al jazeera Erbil
