my name is dag-blasted Diallo I was on
this location when I got blinded as a
result of the 1998 US Embassy bombing in
Kenya I never knew I would be in the
wrong place at the wrong time
when I lost this my silence so I was a
very bitter possible in fact I imagine
that if if our doubt made the men behind
that barbaric and heinous act of
cowardice out of Kingdom alive so that
they could feel and experience the pain
who are going through our survivors and
orphans and widows who had lost their
loved ones but down the line I realized
that bitterness and anger only hinders
him ago so I accept my blindness as a
challenge and chose to move on with life
I'm currently involved in the area of
information communication technology
agribusiness and but we cannot be
victims forever we have to pick up our
face pieces and move on with the lives
they've been massive attacks around the
world on issue of terrorism it has no
selected being white being arab-israeli
being American we are all but victims of
this barbaric acts occurred nowadays
around the world those who are survived
terrorism know to look at themselves as
survivors but let them do something that
they can look at and say I am NOT a
survivor but I'm a victim because I have
conquered terrorism
