in a televised interview on the eve of
US sanctions snapping back into place
Iran's president admonished America
praised his European allies and asked
his people for a little more time to fix
the country's economy Manya vanished at
we need more solidarity we should be
more United I'm telling my dear people
God willing with your help we will get
through this problem these problems
won't be long-term problems if we become
United if we stay together to increase
our exports to increase our production
to be good to each other to fight
corruption to have more transparency we
will get through these problems America
is not able to do anything to bring us
to our knees
he mentioned China and Russia several
times a signal that Iran intends to
continue its pivot towards strategic
economic partners to cope with yet more
American economic pressure and with the
latest comments by the European foreign
policy chief perhaps there is a reason
for Iranians to be optimistic we in the
European Union updated our blocking
studied you're very much up to date with
this this is a legislation the European
Union has in place to protect European
businesses from the effect of secondary
sanctions of sanctions that u.s. imposes
outside of its territory we believe that
it is and it has to be up to the
Europeans in this case to decide with
whom to trade with so there is also a
matter of I would say trades sovereignty
to be protected mogherini says European
countries are encouraging small and
larger companies to increase business
with and in Iran saying a strong
relationship with Iran that helps to
preserve the 2015 nuclear deal is a
security priority for Europe while
Iranians see European policy as business
friendly they say it hasn't yet changed
the reality on the ground that both
sanctions will be imposed the harder the
situation will be for the people no one
is satisfied
in our was a country that other
countries wish to be like in the past
now it's trying to be like other
countries the economic situation is
horrible now I'm so worried about my
life future country and as a young girl
I'm worried about my job there are no
job opportunities and I'm afraid of
losing my job the value of the Iranian
currency the rial is still in shambles
and foreign direct investment that left
after the United States pulled out of
the nuclear deal has not returned
despite European assurances scattered
economic protests across the country
signal growing public discontent with
economic conditions but the worst is yet
to come
in November more US sanctions will go
into effect this time striking at the
very heart of Iran's biggest source of
revenue oil and gas Zayn bus Rafi al
Jazeera Darren
