it was one of the bloodiest weekends of
the year in America's most violent major
city police say more than 70 people were
shot and 12 were killed from Friday to
Monday 40 of them shot in a seven hour
stretch after midnight on Saturday
police blame gangs targeting rivals at
outdoor events such as funerals and
block parties there's the same people
who are pulling the triggers in some of
these communities this isn't a
widespread issue among citizens of this
city this is a small subset of
individuals who think they can play by
their own rules because they continue to
get a slap on the wrist when we arrest
them violence tends to rise with the
temperatures in the Windy City and this
past weekend was one of the year's
hottest over the year so far 300 people
have been killed and 1,700 people have
been shot in the city of Chicago and
believe it or not that is down about 30
percent from the past two years now this
year most of those shootings have been
on their south and west sides of Chicago
the most violent parts of the city
president Trump's lawyer Rudolph
Giuliani called the violence a result of
the democratic rule in the city but
Mayor Rahm Emanuel President Obama's
former chief of staff and a frequent
foil of trumps described it as a failure
of morality all of us know that this is
not Chicago what we saw there for all of
us who love this city and call it home
have a responsibility to heal our
neighborhoods protesters against
violence recently shut down Chicago's
iconic Lake Shore Drive raising
awareness of an epidemic of gun battles
that draws little attention downtown and
in the affluent North Side because it is
largely contained in the poor mostly
black neighborhoods we organized the
Mars right in the middle of rush-hour
traffic and we want to make sure that we
are redistributed pain in Chicago
because on the south east and west sides
of Chicago people are dying every day
not surprisingly the isolated weekend
violence in the neighborhoods left the
four-day Lollapalooza Music Festival
untouched downtown
we're a hundred thousand people
descended on Chicago's lakeshore largely
unaware of the bloodshed a few miles
away john Hendren al jazeera
Chicago
