the town of chateau ruin the Val de Lawd
dates back to the Middle Ages at first
glance it streets an architecture market
as a classic of the region but delve
deeper and you come across a suburb that
comes straight out of the US of A the
biggest American military base in Europe
used to be housed here the former NATO
headquarters has been taken over by the
French cosmetics company pierre or je
they're selling more than 900,000
dollars worth of eye cream and
moisturizer to the Islamic Republic of
Iran there's a rising demand for its
products by the younger generation both
women and men and not just in Tehran but
right across the country the president
of the company proudly told me she
counts Hillary Clinton as a fan and she
will not bow to the pressure from
Washington to stop trading with Iran we
have tried to value this risk and a has
more people said we had to small company
to say bye-bye to one of our good and
loyal customer so why exiting Erin so we
go on would see small companies like
this one won't appear on president Trump
sanctions radar but they believe the
European Commission won't be able to
defend them they know they're taking a
risk it's a risk the big multinational
companies in France dare not take
companies such as total and peugeot
citroen had too much to lose the same
applies right across the European Union
the retreat from doing business in Iran
could turn into a rout the idea over
here is basically to suffocate the
Iranian economy and to strangle its
financial system so they're not gonna
allow for anything that is going to
enable Iran to be able to enjoy a
balloon of oxygen coming towards it back
in Chateauroux the American flag is
still flying above a bread factory
called Harry's a local entrepreneur in
the town started the business after
being intrigued by the squares of white
bread the American servicemen were
eating now it bakes around 130 million
loaves a year
the population is declining as young
people move to find jobs the American
sanctions meant to suffocate Iran could
also suffocate the town's hopes for the
future
David cheetah al-jazeera shadow Ruth
