plan people these are demons we has a
national radio show more than 2 million
YouTube subscribers and the website
called Infowars that's made him a
wealthy man but Alex Jones is facing an
increasing number of platforms who will
no longer publish his content in the
last few days he's been removed from
Facebook iTunes and now also YouTube
with his video rants rack up millions of
hits first demonize him for Wars lie
about us build a straw man then sue us
to add credibility to that then have a
few fake strikes on YouTube and Facebook
with nebulous terms like bullying
children and Islamophobia Jones is a
controversial figure he claims the Sandy
Hook school massacre was staged by
crisis actors as a way to change gun
laws in the u.s. one of the families is
now suing him for libel
the first hearings in the case have been
held near his Texas base he believes the
9/11 attacks were organized and carried
out by the US government and the
government kills people by controlling
the weather under president donald trump
is a fan
he appeared on his radio show saying his
reputation was amazing and he wouldn't
let him down I'm a pioneer I'm an
explorer I'm a human and I'm common when
analysts rejects the idea Jones's
removal has freedom of speech
implications the First Amendment does
not give you a right to have a presence
on a website First Amendment only limits
governments from censoring you so what
Facebook and Twitter are doing is not
censorship
it's private companies making decisions
just like newspapers have always made
decisions about whom they will bring
onto their platforms Apple has dropped
his podcasts as have other online
streaming services Facebook removed four
pages linked to his Infowars website in
a statement the company says upon review
we've taken it down for glorifying
violence and using dehumanizing language
to describe people who are transgender
Muslims and immigrants which violates or
hate speech policies in his recent child
custody case Jones's lawyer insisted he
was simply playing a character and now
he'll be doing that to a much smaller
audience on fewer paths
Allen Fisher al-jazeera Washington
