now from water shortages to wildfires
the past 12 months of raise global
awareness about the economic and human
cost of extreme heat events we've seen
wildfires in places unprepared for such
outbreaks due to unusually hot weather
droughts and blistering heat have been
turning forests into tinderboxes in
places that were previously fire free
you need a number of ingredients for
wildfires in particular and climate
change is one of them let's tally events
so far this year Sweden has experienced
65 fires already this year up from an
annual average of 3 fires over the past
decade blazes are now happening as far
north as the Arctic Circle
that's according to Copernicus the
European Union's Earth Observation
program at least 91 people died last
month in the worst wildfire to hit
Greece in decades fire raced through a
seaside area northeast of Athens and in
the u.s. the annual average number of
large fires has doubled since the 1970s
putting lives and livelihoods at risk
Gabrielle Alexander has more from the
destroyed town of Keswick the entire
community of Keswick California has been
turned to ash nothing remains a once
lively little town of about 700 people
now resembles something like a faraway
planet from a science-fiction movie the
fire that roared through here was
described as a tornado of flames
there was nothing firefighters could do
to stop it the way that front fire front
was coming through it was going to do
what it wanted to do we might be able to
save one little spot here but
the risk would have been just immense to
try and even be in we're near there what
remains are the remnants of people's
lives there are small signs of life here
like the burnt pages of this children's
book it's silent there isn't a sound
there is still a mandatory evacuation
zone residents aren't being allowed back
only the occasional emergency vehicle
passes by ironically the only color
remaining in town a red fire hydrant
there was no match for the flames it's
the middle of the day but the Sun can
barely be seen because it's so grey and
dark here the Sun can barely peek out
through the thick layer of smoke and ash
that covers the air not only here but in
this entire region of California doctors
say people that inhale this smoke now
face health risks by all accounts
everyone here was able to flee just
before the fire overtook them the
residents are mostly low-income the
future of the historic town is now in
doubt I don't know if they'll have the
resources to rebuild if hopefully those
you have insurance have the opportunity
but those who don't it's a low income
type of area so I'm not sure that a lot
of people will be able to rebuild if
they decide to rebuild it will be a new
town because the old one simply no
longer exists well joining us now from
London is Sam fankhauser Sam is the
director of the Grantham Research
Institute on climate change and the
environment good to have you with us so
first of all how unusual are the extreme
heat events we've been witnessing this
year well at the moment these events
still feel slightly unusual we sort of
talked about record temperatures
certainly in the northern hemisphere but
if you start looking forward and factor
in climate change this will become the
new normals that normal their
predictions that the kind of heat we
have this year we might experience every
other year from about 2040 onwards
that's quite scary you mentioned climate
change there how is it linked
climate change break it down for us well
there's quite the clear link between the
probability of having a heatwave and an
climate change the climate or the
weather sort of fluctuates but you add a
stock of temperature on top of that
fluctuations and we're about one degree
warmer now on global averaged and we
were in pre-industrial times under 200
years ago and that means that we can
statistically start to show that the
probability of certain events increases
because of climate change what we're
currently seeing in northern Europe
preliminary estimates tell us is about
two times as likely than it would have
been if there wasn't man-made global
warming what sort of heat events should
we expect to occur every other year
going forward more of the same or
something even more a little intense it
could probably even become more intense
and we shouldn't just talk about only
heat and temperature climate change
changes a lot of variables that that can
be dangerous to us we will see more
drought events and that can be really
really disruptive we can look at
Southern Africa or the Cape region at
the moment where water is in very very
short supply and and that causes huge
disruption and damage we might have too
much water in in other instances extreme
downpours flooding events hurricanes
typhoons we've seen examples of that in
the US a year ago with hurricanes like
Maria and Harvey we see it in in Japan
at the moment again they're very high
damages associated with too much water
as much as damage from not enough water
so listen of course you have the heat
waves so just listening to you speak
there one assumes this will be very
disruptive to current patterns of
economic activity right it will be very
disruptive we can adapt to certain
things we can change our agricultural
practices we can plant different crops
we can air conditioning air conditioning
our houses so it's a lot of things we
can do but it will ultimately be very
disruptive we will
to change our infrastructure the way we
do things infrastructure is very
long-lived building cities trains power
stations they live for 20 30 40 years if
you have to redesign and retrofit
climate change adaptation onto those
structures that will be very disruptive
and very expensive it will be worth
doing because we have a different
climate but it will be very very
expensive it's been fascinating talking
to you thanks so much Sam
my pleasure
