we'll the Drewes remain loyal to the
State of Israel the Arab speaking
minority long thought they're part of
Israel but the new nation state law says
Israel is a homeland for Jewish people
only the Druze and other minorities are
outraged can they fight the
discrimination this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim the new law declares
Israel is a homeland solely for Jewish
people non-jewish minorities are
understandably outraged including the
Druze minority tens of thousands rallied
in Tel Aviv for one of their largest
protests in recent history they say the
new nations state law passed last month
makes them second-class citizens and
after decades of loyalty to the Israeli
state they're disappointed at the
discriminatory legislation which affects
them and many other non Jewish people
the Israeli cabinet met on Sunday where
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had
this to say the deep ties with the Druze
and our commitment to them are also
essential we will establish today a
special ministerial committee that will
advance those ties and these commitments
and in parallel will also recognize
those who serve in the Israeli military
and security services from all religions
and ethnicities Andrew Symonds reports
from the village of Beit John in
northern Galilee Salma Zidane is from a
minority excluded by Israel in its
nation state law she's a Druze Arab and
her two sons were killed during military
service for Israel she makes a promise
if this law doesn't change I will get
your bodies exhumed from this military
cemetery and bury you in your
grandfather's land back home is her
youngest son Yemen his brothers Fouad
who was 18 and 23 year old seller gave
compulsory service in the military Yamin
became a prison officer in an israeli
jail and he says that experience changed
his perspective he became a human rights
lawyer and activist for Palestinians in
the occupied West Bank for Millicent I
feel sad the blood of my brother's was
shed in vain for a lie in an illusion
they may have thought the military would
give them rights but this law just
proves that Israel used them like
mercenaries the Druze are in all ranks
for example Major General Kamil Abu
rookin is the new coordinator of
operations and the occupied territories
there's no public comment from him any
soldier showing dissent is suspended we
asked the soldiers and officers not to
get involved in this law and to depend
on us tarrif and his delegation were
given the promise of a new law giving
benefits to minorities in the military
but back in Beit Jan and elsewhere that
isn't enough most feel nothing short of
scrapping the nation-state law will do
you can still sense the anger here
despite political developments and
questions about loyalty continue to
reverberate one of them whether young
people will still feel the same way
about joining the Israeli army Magne
Magne this former soldiers loyalty is
tested Magica TB completed his military
service before setting up a restaurant
business now he doesn't want his son to
become a soldier it's up to him but now
I say military service shouldn't be
compulsory it's all alive that we've
been living for a long time and the
nationality law made this very clear
baits Jan's dead soldiers make the
feeling of betrayal here more potent
more than 60 names written in Hebrew and
below what now becomes an unofficial
language Arabic one of many measures in
what most people in this village believe
is a racist law
Israel's population is just under 9
million about 75% are Jews of all
backgrounds 20% are Arab of any religion
other than Jewish and 5% are defined as
others the Druze are an Arab speaking
minority of around 130,000 people they
form less than 2% of Israel's population
they practice an offshoot of Islam and
live mostly in villages in northern
Israel they are the only non Jewish
minority serving in the Israeli army the
Israeli government designates the Druze
as a distinct ethnic community separate
from Palestinian Christians and Muslims
all right let's bring in our panel
joining us in West Jerusalem Ariel
Kahana diplomatic correspondent for
Israel hi ohm in Tel Aviv
Hanwha Bay political science researcher
at Haifa University and also in West
Jerusalem Mitchell barrack a former
advisor to former President Shimon Peres
and speechwriter for Ariel Sharon
welcome to you all Mitchell I want to
start with you based on what we heard
today from Prime Minister Netanyahu is
there any reason to believe that he will
back off from the stance he's taken all
along here back off from from what sense
as far as considering any changes to the
law trying to see to any of the demands
that have been made by the Druze
community I think this is just the start
of the discussion I think that the
government didn't realize that they were
disenfranchising or almost insulting the
Druze community I think they didn't take
it into an account and I think they were
a little bit surprised that the heated
passion of the Druze community to be
included I mean they feel part and
parcel of the State of Israel as you
showed in your segment they are fighting
in the IDF they are dying in the IDF
just like anyone else and the Israelis
Israel relies on them they are Israeli
in every manner of speaking so to not
have some kind of dispensation or
special status in the law was hurtful to
them I think this is a genuine protest
on their part to be included and I think
even the person who was pushing this
Naftali Bennet from the Jewish home
party
came out immediately afterwards and say
we have to make a an amendment to this
law and they will fight hard and they
know about Israeli politics and they
know about democracy and they will push
it as far as they can go and rightfully
so and on just how betrayed is the Druze
community their feel by this nation
state law well they reject this law
totally and we are united we feel this
great solidarity inside our community as
well as in the Israeli society that
support us while we reject this kind of
law
it's a discriminating against us and the
bringing may be in your reality where we
might be a second-class citizens in our
country after 70 years Ariel how
blindsided was Prime Minister Netanyahu
and his government by the size of this
protest I mean this was tens of
thousands of people and this was a very
intense demonstration as well well it
was a quite week a demonstration no
doubt yet I'm not sure that all Druze
community is united with this protest
and law for example we have it was
minister in the government Ayub Cara
which of course is supportive of the of
the law and we have we can definitely
hear other voices as you may know there
wasn't in negotiations last week between
the Druze the leaders with the
government I'm not sure where it's gonna
go maybe second negotiations will keep
going this week so I'm not sure if all
the Druze community is united behind
this protest and and I may say at least
in my view that no questions there are
political motivations you could see that
in the demonstration last night actually
it was lead by the opposition leaders by
the Labour Party leaders and therefore
we must know that it's not it's not only
a problem that the government has wizard
woods and there is a problem that should
be solved it's also politics elections
are going to come in less than a year
and all of that is is part of the tense
we can feel and you were listening to
what area was just saying what's your
response to his remarks about just
playing out you know on the political
stage in Israel well probably he did not
yesterday the square Robin square in Tel
Aviv everybody that came yesterday to
the square could see a clear and sound
that the Druze are very much united in
this rejection of this miserable law it
cannot be accepted as well as a great
other communities inside the Israeli
society may be part of them are
political yes it's all right we are
coming we came yesterday to state that
we the Druze cannot accept that and it's
our message now maybe others have also
other agendas it's part of this
political discussion inside the Israeli
society we must remind that 100 years
ago the Druze chose to be part of this
establishment and to support the Jewish
people in their way to to establish
their land state and the homeland and we
believe that we should do so and this
alliance is very strong and later on
this alliance was also based on the
declaration of the state in 48 where
it's defined as a Jewish and democratic
state now yesterday we were afraid that
the other part of this definition was
spelled out and they we cannot find the
common ground of what kind of civilians
we are going to continue to serve the
state and to be together with the Jewish
people Mitchell I saw you nodding there
did you want to jump in and add
something no I think I think you hear
the the genuine frustration and the
genuine insult that the Jewish community
feels I think it's a you know part of
this is so you have to then take it a
step further if the Druze feel like
they're not equal citizens well there's
another 20 or 25 percent of you know
Israelis of Palestinian or Israelis of
Arab descent who are Muslim
they are also equal citizens well the
fact is is that in the law and in
everything that the country is every
citizen in Israel is equal but they all
have a right to education to freedom of
speech to democracy to voting and all of
them can actually run for not only the
Knesset but for prime minister can serve
as prime minister so on the one hand the
language is not clear what this law
accomplished it did as as Arielle was
saying you know we are leading up to an
election and the Prime Minister has done
a very good job it seems of kind of
polarizing the country polarizing before
the election and saying hey we represent
the Jewish Jewish feeling of the state
versus the people that wanted to find
themselves as maybe Israeli or European
or democratic nation and we're gonna go
after the Jewish side Israel's a Jewish
country is a Jewish homeland and we have
Jewish laws and so forth and that's the
main purpose versus everyone else so
it's really just beating the the drum of
elections and he's done a very good job
of getting this issue spoken about you
know deflecting any other issues in
government and and certainly getting
people defining the line in the middle
of the country you're either with us as
a Jewish state or you're against us and
that's how he's setting it up Ariel the
Druze community has said for so long
that they are among the most loyal
groups to the state there so what is
this do to that level of support well I
can tell you what what's gonna happen
with with this blood ties that the
Jewish people has and this Jewish state
has a wizard was it's for them to say
but but I do want to reply to what a nun
said before the independence declaration
of Israel do not guarantee democracy
it's it's a well-known mistake but is
independent declaration of Israel that
David ben-gurion on 1948 guarantees that
Israel is a Jewish state it doesn't say
democracy democracy is guaranteed by the
Israeli system in for example as a human
dignity and liberty law and mainly a
solo by many Supreme Court's a decision
during seventy years and so on but if
the point is democracy then I wouldn't
go to the independence declaration
because it's not the point
but for a second I mean if Ariel rights
to all to all minority Ariel if I could
just stop you for a second you're
talking about equal rights but this
basic law this
only the Jews in Israel the right to
self-determination so certainly you
could see why there are groups there
that would consider themselves to be
seen as second-class citizens now so so
maybe that's a point let's let's
separate between private people
individuals and nationalities Israel was
established as a Jewish state I think
it's it's well accepted by the vast
majority of Israeli people by the way by
the Druze as a nun said and of course by
all walls and nations of the world as
the state Israel should be what your
state and that's the reason just a
minute that's the reason this law was
approved in the Knesset two weeks ago to
guarantee after 70 years also by the
legislation that Israel is a Jewish
state am I would say a very very basic
principle that until today just was was
out of Israeli law books
okay that's reasoning it was it was
approved in the Knesset after many years
of discussions at two weeks ago all
other rights like equality to all
citizens to all people who live in
Israel including the minorities of
course including Druze and the Arabs as
well all of that is guaranteed as I said
by other laws and by many decisions of
the Supreme Court during the years and
again one of the basic law which is
equal to the nation state a bill is a
human right a human dignity and liberty
law was that was was approved in the
Knesset maybe a 25 years ago so the
point is that the Equality was going to
be many years ago what the Knesset did
now is just to add say against a very
basic well recognized fact that Israel a
Jewish state that's it but when it comes
to private rights of all citizens of
Israel including the Druze including the
Arabs including citizens who are against
the State of Israel including citizens
like some of the our politicians who
don't want Israel to be a Jewish state
still they have the rights just like I
have just like Michael Mitchell ahem
jaren aerials let me let me let me let
me just go
right step back or two because he wanted
to make a point Mitchell seemed like you
were gonna be disagreeing with that
point what did you want to say no no I
mean what he says is correct that it was
there are laws that guarantee that
everyone is equal the point of the
matter is why wasn't that mentioned in
this law and you know the the Labour
Party which you know sippy Livni is very
in one of the leaders of that party came
to the Prime Minister's people and said
all you have to do is put in a line into
democratic just put in a line about
everyone's equal and then you won't have
60 people supporting you'll have a
hundred and a law like this should pass
with a really clear majority it wasn't a
clear majority it was you know it was a
a majority and it was done like right
before the Knesset recess why this is
like a major thing it should have been
done with as much agreement as possible
and the Prime Minister's people what was
reported then the paper came back to her
and said no this has to be a definitive
law we are doing this and it's not this
and you know it's it's not it you know
so it didn't really change very much
because I still am asking people what
has Israel gained from this meaning has
it really gained a lot because all these
things as Arielle said are anchored in
laws Supreme Court decisions other laws
it did take away from Arabic Arabic at
one point was like an official language
it did say they would determine what it
is but you know again and I think it's
very indicative that Benny bacon one of
the leading stalwarts of the Likud for
many many years didn't vote on this law
in fact he was going to vote against it
in this in the end he decided to walk
out and he said this is not the party
that my father Menachem Bagan would have
been proud of and there's a reason for
that because the old-time Likud people
and the old-time Jabotinsky Zev
Jabotinsky people said this is a Jewish
state and it is a rule of law and it's a
majority rule but that's always keeping
in mind the minority rule of law this is
an equality based system anything we've
lost a lot of that today and a lot of
what's coming out now from people is
that why is it that we had to stick it
in the face of the other Israeli
citizens to say okay we're going to
define it officially as a Jewish state
Hebrew Jewish
language Jewish holidays and so forth
just so you know I mean they know that
already
so what was gained by this okay I'm done
let me ask you the Knesset is gonna be
holding a special session they're coming
back from recess at the behest of
lawmakers there they're gonna be meeting
in a couple of days to discuss this law
for their are you hopeful that anything
more can happen that there can be
changes but beyond that um what have the
overtures been thus far from Prime
Minister Netanyahu members of his
government to the Druze community to try
to defuse this situation yeah so we can
see that the election campaign has
already started just the moment this
this law was legislated it started and
it's going to be next year and the
Israeli citizens are going to pause and
there I'm afraid that this law is coming
much more from concern and there may be
some somehow very very bad reasons
rather than strengthening the Israeli
society and we of course when it comes
to declarations and to irritant takes
the Druze are clear and sound we cannot
accept any formula that excludes us out
we do support the Jewish state we think
that we wouldn't choose to live in other
countries rather than together with the
Jews we feel very good here and we are
positions in a very good positions as
Jews and in all fields we have high
ranking officers etc but we have to talk
also about the next generation and
yesterday in the square a lot of the
youngesters drew the Israeli Druze that
they came to the square to say that we
are concerned that maybe this new
formula is going to to be very bad to us
we expect the Israeli prime minister to
to change this law maybe some amendment
I don't know I'm not a politician
we can help in maybe preparing a text we
think that the ambiguity was a better
solution we should remind here that
there is no Constitution in the State of
Israel there was the declaration of the
state
which started somehow there to design
the character of the State of Israel and
the social dimensions as well and we
felt very good with that now today when
it comes to it takes to a written text
that excludes us we cannot accept that
and there is no compromise we are not
going to step back and we are going to
throw the ball to the Jewish majority
our brothers here in the homeland in our
beloved country and they should decide
if they want us in or out and this is
the major question that we are going to
ask meet any ow Ariel it looked like you
were nodding along there did you have
something you wanted to add response to
what Anne Anne was saying yes I yes I do
i I just wanted one I will fly in one
sentence to watch Mitchell said before
which of the things that you mentioned
Tzipi Livni it tells you is that's
politics you know very well that Livni
is a well for years is fighting against
Antony oh she is moving from one party
to another just to challenge his
leadership so so I won't take her
position you know in such a serious way
of thinking now replying to two unknown
I want to tell you enough she would not
work from Adam shoot when she said she
would vote for it though yeah so so I'm
telling you I'm telling you ma'am
okay the way I see it okay if Netanyahu
would add a democracy which just just
doesn't relate to this law that's the
reason it's not here but if his own she
would find as a reason to go against it
because you know very well she's a
nation state law how could you say
democracy how it's an ancient state law
which she supported in the beginning of
the way when she was the leader of
Kadima okay when I think nesic already
just to begin to record but it's a
nation state law sound did you say okay
okay listen Mitchell she was voted for
Mitchell all she wanted was a democracy
Mitchell um in a scutum your research
group recently did a survey in which you
measured the attitudes of Arab public
and Israel towards Israel and the
responses from the Druze community were
largely overwhelmingly I would say
positive so what is this nation state
law due to that through the roof through
the roof it's it's through the roof I've
never seen numbers like this where I was
commissioned to
do a poll by the Konrad Adenauer
foundation from Germany that has an
office here we pulled a thousand Israeli
Arab citizens and Jerusalem residents
within that group we did three focus
groups and the numbers from the Israeli
Druze community were through the roof
when you ask them do they have a
favorable unfavorable impression of the
Israeli police it's 85 percent of the
army it's 90 percent of the Supreme
Court is in the 80s it's in the 90s when
you ask them is Israeli citizen a
positive or negative thing 96 percent or
something to have an Israeli passport
it's better than any Jewish segment of
group maybe the Israeli right-of-center
national religious settlement community
has the same level of patriotism towards
Israel as the Giroux seen anything like
it
so I can't predict based you know you
have a guest in the studio who's much
better at that I can tell you coming
into this law you never I've never seen
a group of citizens Jewish or not Jewish
that we're prouder to be part of Israel
that were more patriotic that viewed the
institution's more favorably Mitchell
and in Jerusalem it really sorry to stop
you just the were almost out of time I
want to give the last word here to Iran
of course we've been speaking about the
military there are several Druze
military officers that have recently
said that they would stop serving in the
army if the nation state law is not
revoked what do you think of that and
could this cause wide scale
insubordination within the ranks of the
military from Druze officers well I
don't think so I feel that in our
community that our soldiers are going to
continue serving the army and they are
very patriotic as was mentioned and very
loyal to this state and to the idea of
the Jewish and democratic state there's
no concern about that we are only
shaping the future we are we want to
continue building this strong state and
we think that the soft power of the
state of its society from inside it's
much more important than its military
power and I'm afraid that this Salo is
rejecting somehow a worry and concern
that we do not want to see anymore we
are strong enough as
Israeli society to be talking about
similar qualities and especially for a
minority like the Druze alright
gentleman we're gonna have to leave it
there we are out of time thanks to all
of our guests ariel Kahana
and on web a and mitchell barrack and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our website aljazeera.com and for
further discussion go to our facebook
page that face that's facebook.com
forward slash aj inside story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at aj inside story from me
Mohammed Jim Jim and the whole team here
bye for now
