I'm getting so many messages and already
from people saying we actually everyone
here said thank you for the report
please cover this news more and more
it's great that they're getting touch
with us but it's not been easy to get in
touch from Bangladesh hasn't but again
social media has been a huge role Kemal
in organizing and drumming up the
support for these protests especially
when it all started
but now we've heard that three and 4G
mobile data services have been blocked
this is now causing frustration among
those who can no longer share their
videos pictures or plans for more
demonstrations and they're worried about
their safety as well so much so the
people that we've spoken to have asked
not to be identified non-resident
Bangladeshis are using social media as a
tool to inform we use these platforms to
express our solidarity and organize
fundraisers we are also demonstrating in
universities and outside the offices of
news corporations in major cities we
mobilize because we relate since then
whoever our role has changed protesters
are being attacked by members of cha-cha
league which is a student wing of the
ruling party with allegations of sexual
violence against women also surfacing
people are first aided
currently the cellular internet
connection throughout the country has
been shut down by the government and the
people are now trying to reach the
international media by spreading some
social media awareness throughout
various social media sites and things
actually went out of hand when the when
the Foresters were attacked by a group
of men who the protesters claimed to be
some pro-government activists well the
mobile blackout took place after the
Prime Minister's Office issued a warning
about misinformation where they said
such fabricated news is being spread to
confuse the country's citizens including
the young students demonstrating for
road safety now home internet services
though have stayed online and protesters
have been logging on to plead for
international help and we spoke to
another man who had just left Bangladesh
for holiday when this all started and he
explained why he trusts social media
more than local media to report on
what's actually happening listen the
information minister has ordered
most of the news outlets to not report
or cover the student protests that's
happening right now and thus most of the
information we get from back home from
the news media outlets has been highly
dr. with and that's the only people we
can trust at the moment our friends from
the front line or Facebook live and we
are getting a lot of messages on the
story in Bangladesh so do keep them
coming
use the hashtag AJ news grid or you can
tweet me directly I met Rahila Mohammed
