it's a summer staple for many Russians
nashestvie a is the largest rock
festival some also call it Russia's
Woodstock a yearly appointment with the
finest of the country's music scene
which catch a moose each anchor hasn't
missed for the past three seasons the
festival started two decades ago after
the fall of the Soviet Union but
recently it also became an exhibition
ground for the most unlikely of
institutions the Russian Ministry of
Defence his presence felt from the air
with the performance of the Russian
Knights aerobatic TV to do the light of
many we think it's not just a pride for
our festival but for the whole country
the presence of the Ministry of Defence
is not sponsorship or some kind of
special agreement that's a story which
came to life because people are
interested in taking part in events done
by the ministry over the past five years
the ministry expanded its presence from
air shows to a full-on Display of power
it might be surprising to have a
military exhibition at a rock festival
but these days in Russia there's a great
sense of national pride and ask anyone
here they will credit that feeling to
the army some of the newest equipment
and weapons are shown here like this
armoured personnel vehicle already used
by the infantry division here such piece
of modern hardware has a different
purpose we want to show people young man
in particular what kind of equipment we
have and what our army is capable of
people want to see this up close
patriotism increases when you see them
you get some kind of pride for your
country for your fatherland and you were
confident in tomorrow some artists did
pull out in protest but many big names
like Natalya OSHA lead singer of melnitz
ax one of the most famous Russian bands
endorsed the festival
nothing like that happens at the
European festivals but because the
because the Russian society is some of
the traced
we're so fond of our victory parades and
like we can never escape it so basically
I decided for myself just to accepted at
this festival
it's not clear whether this marriage of
music and military is a spontaneous one
or it was imposed but it's a detail that
many here don't seem to care about what
Abdel Hamid al Jazeera measured sphere
festival
