a military offensive an ad-lib would be
a pivotal moment in the seven-year
conflict one that may have grave
humanitarian and regional consequences
the Syrian opposition stronghold is one
of the four de-escalation zones which
included eastern gouta part of Homs and
areas in the south western provinces of
there are and kenitra the deal was
negotiated last year to stop violence
and protect civilians but since January
this year the Syrian regime in blatant
violation of that agreement has captured
three of them which now leaves this last
significant enclave of armed opposition
that grows up against President Bashar
Assad's regime capturing it Lib would
put almost 75% of the country under
government control but government forces
would have to fight a coalition of key
rebel factions with reportedly an
estimated 70,000 fighters in order to
achieve that goal it Lib is also
strategically important it shares a
border with the Carmel stronghold
Latakia home to the biggest Russian
military airbase in the country and the
m5 highway which is the country's main
north-south artery collecting Turkey
Syria and Jordan runs right through that
province it lip also shares a border
with Turkey which is called any
offensive there a redline
Turkey has encircled the province with
12 observation points along the front
lines a military escalation in Eid Lib
would be catastrophic for its population
within half of which are internally
displaced making the biggest cluster of
displacement counts in the world
