President Bashar al-assad says it Lib is
the Syrian army's next target the
opposition controlled northwestern
province is home to almost 3 million
people at least half displaced from
other rebel areas after so-called
surrender deals but the Syrian
government's ally Russia appears to be
giving Turkey a chance to what it called
stabilize the province turkey is being
asked to fulfill agreed commitments in
the so called Astana process says Turkey
was supposed to expel or dissolve hi
ethically - M the group formerly known
as al-nusra as well as Horus Adeem the
Syrian branch of al Qaeda those fighters
are designated as terrorists by the
international community they are
powerful and they have in the past
rejected ultimatums to disband turkey
wants to avoid military action so it's
using the threat of military action to
force Nasser to disband the announcement
that several rebel groups are uniting
under one command is an example part of
it Lib lies on the border with Turkey
which wants to avoid any military
offensive that would cause human
suffering further displacement and the
collapse of the Astana process for
months now members of the so-called
radical groups have been targeted an
unclaimed attacks that some linked to a
campaign to eliminate the province from
foreign fighters disagreements over
Italy between Turkey and Russia were
evident during talks on Syria in Sochi
the province was not mentioned in the
final statement
adlib was mentioned in a separate
statement issued by Turkey's foreign
ministry emphasizing that the provinces
status is a
escalation zone must be preserved
Turkey's military presence won't deter
campaigns on the fringes of adlib that
are aimed at opening highways linking
government controlled cities and
preventing attacks on the Russian and
Syrian militaries in nearby Latakia
province that is likely with Russia's
Syria envoy meant when he said there are
no plans for a large-scale assault on
Eid Lib for now Russia and Turkey still
need each other but this time around
government leaders in Ankara may be
given limited time to deliver XANA hodor
al jazeera Beirut
