Moyes Kitumba arrived at the border
between Zambia and the Democratic
Republic of Congo but he supporters
filming his journey the DRC government
has denied many journalists success to
the border area that will be managed to
get to no-man's land but police quickly
forced him back across the border into
Zambia cotton we went into exile in 2016
after falling out with President Joseph
Kabila
he was accused of trying to topple the
government using foreign mercenaries and
later sentenced in his absence to three
years in prison for real estate fraud
government officials say he will be
arrested if he manages to return tension
is high in his strongholds
if the turn could hum be and there will
be no election we'll make sure of this
another opposition figures on PR Bemba
is watching closely he's just returned
after 11 years in the Netherlands ten of
them in prison as he faced trial at the
International Criminal Court for war
crimes after his recent acquittal then
bow also has ambitions to be President
situation is very sad and I feel very
sorry for mr. Khatami who did not allow
him to come back to his own country
I think this period of time is very
important for the elation for me
everybody should be able to participate
in the election exclusion is not good
government officials say that moist
Kitumba has not used a right procedure
to get into the country and he's just
trying to cause trouble that soonly
insists that he just wants to come to
the capital Kinshasa and
the Electoral Commission presidential
hopefuls have until Wednesday to file
the documents with a commission many
Congolese are concerned about how
Kitumba supporters will react if the
government continues to keep him out
Kathleen sorry al Jazeera Kinshasa
