this the investigators believe is only
the beginning with politicians and
several leading business people arrested
in a corruption scandal they say
involves millions of dollars and
threatens to reach the very top the
investigation centers around this man
Oscar Santino
a former driver for the number two in
the planning ministry during the
governments of both Nestor and Cristina
kitchner she has been summoned for
questioning he died in 2010
Argentines are still coming to terms
with the news it seems everyone is
involved here I don't know if the
businessmen share the same
responsibility as the politicians maybe
the politicians are more to blame but it
is overwhelming we're already tired of
all this we need time to do an
evaluation this is still very volatile
it's so difficult to know what it all
means
offices have been searched and vehicles
seized all as they usually do have
denied the charges or refused to comment
the driver kept detailed accounts of the
trips he made over many years delivering
sacks of cash to the presidential
residence and the private kitchen a home
as well as to business leaders allegedly
paying to seal big public works
contracts also implicated is the former
planning and public investment minister
julio de vito confidant of nestor
kirchner
and already in custody on other
corruption charges some say that this
could be as big as the carwash scandal
in neighboring Brazil that sucked in
business leaders and politicians from
right across the political spectrum this
scandal threatens to undermine the
Argentine populations faith in
institutions which they already have
little regard
Daniel shrine there al Jazeera whether
Cyrus
