it's time for people who fled the war in
Benghazi three years ago to leave this
compound in Misrata this man like many
others here is worried if he shows his
face supporters of the warlord Khalifa
Haftar
might go after his relatives in Benghazi
the compounds owners have recently
demanded the government returned the
property because it hasn't been paying
its bills
Jehan Mahmoud II says her house in
Benghazi was destroyed by the war she
and her husband had been living here
with the help of a charities we will
sleep in the streets if they don't find
a solution for us what can we do we've
got only 10 days automate them to leave
since after launch at his military
campaign in Benghazi in 2014 more than a
hundred thousand people have fled their
homes half those forces took full
control of the city in December last
year but many here are still afraid to
go back more than 200 displaced families
have lived here on this beach compound
for the past three years
most of them lost their homes during the
war in Benghazi but now with the
government's decision to evacuate this
area many of them say they have to start
from scratch others don't know what to
do next
many families have already left the
compound during the last couple of
months those remaining say they also
struggle with a complicated Civil
Registry procedure as we are now
requested to leave the compound
we don't have salaries we can't go to
Benghazi to cash our salaries and we
can't get them here if we leave this
compound we can't even afford to buy
furniture according to the UN estimates
more than 200,000 people are internally
displaced in Libya most of them live in
Misrata and the capital Tripoli over the
last few years those from Benghazi have
been voicing their demands but they say
no one is listening and so far efforts
by the United Nations support a mission
in Libya have
to end their suffering it appears for
now a political solution might be the
only way to take them back home
mamoru ahead al Jazeera Misrata
