farmland is precious in China only 15
percent of the country is arable that
makes the lush and fertile province of
Heilong Jiang very important especially
now close to the border with Russia
this is soybean country china is the
world's largest consumer of soybeans but
it can't grow enough and so is reliant
on imports to meet demand that means the
decision to impose a 25% levy on US
soybeans creates risk yet in this
province the trade fight appears to be
having a welcome impact farmers like
moon fan Ling are being urged by the
local government to switch their fields
to soy from corn offering subsidies as
an incentive that'll raise incomes mun
says he has a lot to thank president
Trump for full-on weeding of hard olefin
work when China stops importing from the
United States is possible the price of
domestic soybeans will go up and that
means we will make more money soybeans
may flourish in this province but only
around 10% of those consumed in China
are domestically grown the instruction
to local farmers to grow more soybeans
was a political priority but the reality
is this China is a long way from ever
being self-sufficient in soybeans which
means it's going to be reliant on
imports for years to come hi everybody
in this cartoon video China appears to
be targeting US farmers it's been airing
on the International Service of state TV
and has a clear message China can buy
soy beans from other countries if that
happens soybean farmers in the US could
take an even greater hit the soybean
plays an essential role in the Chinese
diet used in cooking oil source tofu as
well as animal feed the government is
now taking action to ensure there's no
shortage word added or the government is
offering more subsidies to soybean
farmers so I believe the government has
been very supportive
with a whole soybean industry in the
past cheap soybean imports hurt Chinese
growers but the tariff war with the
United States could secure their future
Adrian Brown al Jazeera in Heilongjiang
Province northeast China
