two days before the official results are
out the opposition cry foul 18 of the 23
presidential candidates for run against
President Ibrahim bubucaca to say his
supporters have manipulated the media
misused state funds bought votes and
allowed widespread violence and
disruptions in polling stations we have
noticed grave and multiple anomalies
including abusive utilization of state
means by the president
massive appropriation of water cards
with wrong people corruption purchase of
words stuffing ballot boxes attribution
of fake result certain candidates and
absence of water cards and numerous
polling stations the candidates jointly
read the declaration rejecting Sunday's
vote in all polling stations while
disruptions or irregularities took place
we demand that results from every
polling station be published separately
that the Constitutional Court disproved
the grave accusation levelled against it
the legal investigation be launched and
we will not accept results from any
polling stations were voting didn't take
place properly the announcement came as
a pause of alleged leaked results give
President Keita a big win in the first
round but governments say the reports
are baseless and reiterate but only the
high Electoral Commission has the
authority to announce results scheduled
for Friday public opinion in Mali is
extremely polarized at the moment cater
supporters see him as the man for Mali
and say he's managed to sign a peace
agreement with northern rebels and to
create a level of stability during his
five-year term but his opponents
describe his leadership as disastrous
and blame him for the increase in armed
attacks in the north and ethnic
infighting in the center of the country
and now they accuse him of rigging
Sunday's vote in his favor
opposition leader Zuma LACC gained
increasing support before and during the
campaign opinion polls showed him
leading close behind president Keita
18 presidential candidates means the
opposition is united more than ever
before still not clear if that will lead
to civil disobedience and
the crawlies such as those that first
president Ibrahim boubakr Keita to
cancel a referendum on constitutional
changes last year Mohamed van and de
xira Bamako
