struggling with a failing economy
inadequate public services and the
meddlesome attention of two rival
regional powers many Lebanese hoped
recent elections might provoke reforms
to help solve their problems but in a
country where power is apportioned along
sectarian and dynastic lines little ever
seems to disturb the status quo we went
to find out why
in May 20 18 Lebanon went to the polls
which was the first parliamentary
election in nine years and there was one
question on many observers Minds was it
to be politics as usual or would growing
concern over the country's myriad
problems affect the outcome there was at
least a hint of change in the air the
first time a grassroots movement known
as the civil society coalition was
fielding candidates against Lebanon's
long-established sectarian parties in
animal Bodnar Huracan CCSD de la
terrasse de either chic Tirek tear tear
ham but apathy was the biggest winner
voter turnout was less than 50 percent
despite general disgust drove a
spiraling unemployment and faltering
basic services
it seemed few Lebanese believed the
route to solutions and lay through the
ballot box I didn't vote because the
system won't change
misciagna will be a score and it will be
learning our assumption was that people
were fed up after nine years of having
the same Parliament people would go and
vote it seems that this was not the case
are we at the point where people both
care anymore in the aftermath of an
election that promised much but to live
at little - is six million citizens
we've been to investigate why Lebanon's
distinctive political setup appears so
dysfunctional and resistant to change
in 2015
Lebanon's capital Beirut saw the first
of several demonstrations against huge
mounds of uncollected garbage that were
piling up in the city soon the rallies
were attracting over a hundred thousand
people as fury grew over the state's
failure the authorities quashed the
protests but in doing so gave birth to a
movement that would later attempt to
challenge the country's unique political
system
as the most religiously diverse country
in the Middle East Lebanon has tried to
prevent any one group from dominating by
setting up a parliamentary system known
as confessionalism in which each of the
main sects holds a position in
government the President must be
Maronite Christian the Prime Minister
Sunni Muslim and the Speaker of
Parliament Shiite Muslim Laurie - was a
candidate for civil society in the
elections but being born Armenian
Orthodox she could only stand against
others of that section her district this
is what we are trying to fight that this
is not sustainable at the vision you are
dividing people cording to their
religion or to their sect and this is
the only identity you are enforcing
while there should be citizens of this
country with the same rights and
responsibilities
lori's district of Ashraf ei is one of
the roots Christian heartlands still
influenced by the legacy of the Swedish
main leader of the right wing cater a
party during Lebanon's 15 years civil
war which ended in 1990 he was
president-elect for three weeks before
he was assassinated in 1982
power being passed from father to son is
a common feature in Lebanon stylistic
politics although he was only four
months old when his father was killed
Nadeem is a prominent member of the
Qatari party
and therefore the expression thank you
you can call it inheritance you can call
it the easy way to do things but what I
believe is that I believe in the same
cause I have the same values and ethics
of doing politics Christian are part of
the people of Lebanon and of course we
cannot ask Christian live in Lebanon if
we don't guarantee them the freedom and
the security Bashir Ismail was the
defender of the Christian during the
civil war when we were doing our
election campaign in this region people
would say that a Shafi'i without the
human family is not a Shafi'i why and
that image male has popularity here they
see him as the continuation of that
political ideology there is fear between
all the community between the Sunnis and
the Shia there is fear between the
Christian and the Muslim that is fear
between the Shia and the Christian there
is fear all this is based on the fact
that no one trusts the other community
the system guarantees government posts
to all the main parties but it can also
mean politicians are both unaccountable
and free to dispense patronage as they
like our citizens were mistaken by
voting to some people just because they
offer services or money I believe that
the confessional system in Lebanon has
destroyed all the equilibrium of power
under confessionalism if the government
can't or won't provide state welfare
citizens are forced to turn to their
sectarian leaders for help
it's how Lebanon has run for generations
today these people are all awaiting an
audience with same origin blood one of
the main clan leaders of Lebanon's Druze
community it's a family tradition
usually we always open the house
Tuesdays to receive people and usually
they come either for financial
assistance or jobs and since we don't
have a stable government that provide
jobs this is what we do
these people have come asking for
financial help to cover medical bills
and support with their children's
tuition fees an overwhelming number are
here to find jobs
the Drew's are an offshoot of Shia Islam
they may only constitute around 5% of
the population but in fighting hard for
their say they are still a force in
Lebanese politics like Nadim al-haj
inherited his role as leader of the main
Druze party from his father he is
unexpectedly candid about why I don't
want to be in politics but I have to
narrow it to my father and to my family
history which who have been basically
working in politics for more than 400
years it's the family business we don't
want to cease to exist at some point so
we all were always fighting to stay in
power it's almost like a feudal system
and the community we always come back to
us for help or for assistance
unfortunately in Lebanon and Druze can
go to the other camp - a Sunni camp or a
Christian camp to ask for help he always
comes back to his roots
basically every political party is
responsible for his own people the
sister way the country is built even
myself and my father were all
accountable but nobody actually is gonna
admit to that
the odds are stacked against anyone not
running on a confessional ticket getting
into Parliament one of the few who
managed it is billionaire 4 at Mizzou me
he's convinced the confessional system
has done the country more harm than good
there is no equality this country
politics stinks economy stinks social
conditions things and add to it the
dimension of sectarianism forcing people
to go forth sectarian leader to even get
their basic right that combination
forced people to go for the allegiance
for the individual not for the state as
one of the richest men in Lebanon Masumi
could fund his campaign in ways groups
like the civil society coalition could
not afford the people that they had the
cause like the civil society that they
really believed that they have a message
to send out they couldn't even get it
out unfortunately here it's not anymore
the causes that you are fighting for
political program is for lease
politicians 11 mostly are for lease you
don't buy them they're too expensive
that ruling class did not want somebody
to come in unless you can afford it in
my case I can afford it during elections
politicians often use local political
agents known as election keys these are
individuals who mediate on behalf of
candidates to secure votes so feet Nahas
was one of four at Mizzou meas election
keys he reveals just how the system
works
some people used to give money and as
you know most of the people are in need
of money because of the present
political situation
it starts from 100 dollars per person it
reached to 1500 per person to give his
vote people are in full state they came
to us asking for money but we told them
that this is against the law on the
other hand if you cannot pay for the
rent we can support you but the most
important thing and we give it priority
is medical assistant we were
very very very busy Tov Etan has told us
he'd met over a thousand people asking
for help
the mazuma foundation claims to have
been supporting families long before the
elections including running soup
kitchens but his charity certainly
didn't hurt his candidacy equally many
voters are just as willing to take
advantage offering their loyalty to
whichever party will help them critics
say Lebanon's distinctive Constitution
inevitably lends itself to abuse and is
the main reason why the country is often
cited as one of the most corrupt in the
Middle East
it's almost acceptable now we always
blame the politicians but my father says
it's a it's a vicious circle it takes
two to tango I mean the politicians are
being watered by the people so
there's certainly much wealth on show
here albeit for the select few who were
able to make the political system work
to their advantage these impressive new
skyscrapers are a good example a
staggering 80% of Lebanon's coast has
been privatized but activists say much
of this development is illegal civil
society campaigner najeda Halil takes us
on a boat trip to explain why my Balam
are a demonic alayiea manam are a liar a
kid in the house bust my Damon and
Lakeisha corruption one of the most
controversial developments is this
resort it happened recently despite
several legal rulings against it even
babies or tie their last ancilla get a
lot in the hundreds Ramudu you've been
Hawking helm outdoor isobutyl Mandela is
niqab that you mohandie seen believed
name killer and we are tira
you we are to that you know we will hide
them hala for hate that maybe it's a
rabbit and Elizabeth about Emma being
I'm a sheep I'm not if me and few were
aha yeah done so a kid him at all the
resort is just one of many enterprises
spreading along the coast can have Don
Messick Idol matam in on early idol
McKeown yeah the whole way
sleek Martin Maher gamble government
yeah Bakunin West hot air to the high
munille a possible medium than Alan
Lavinia bus najeda
tells us that to add insult injury the
resorts and restaurants routinely pumped
their waste into the sea merci bien
methylene glycol Robert Mardirosian
shifty switcheroo lon am you select a la
voz Aquila Mediterranean a Musa Latakia
masala dosa masala you name a kid the
legal name is Maha Lana
as the 2015 garbage crisis showed
Lebanon's problem with waste management
is not new but endemic corruption and
gridlock over which party has
responsibility meant it remains a highly
sensitive political issue here on the
shoreline its fishermen like Najib and
leek who are most affected
he tells us he now struggles to earn a
living from these contaminated waters
Kenickie Liang silently thinking so much
consequence somewhat so you headed my
machine thinking son
allow me to mention senior a lock-in was
barely mastered the levels are so I mean
already sound Najib and najeda take us
to a stretch of coast where it seems
there's almost as much plastic ass and
play I never see a radio h2 will appear
hello Murphy's really after flash local
fishermen next illogical is very at
along behind
perhaps partisan volunteers men do
menial motility kimura family on Castle
Valley Fernando
oh one sec I dunno sarcastaball allo
lookin fi here at Islamic beer is
inevitably anger is boiling over to send
a message to the government the
fishermen hold a protest at one of the
new coastal landfill sites these were
the government's response to the rubbish
crisis but the fishing community says
that toxins leaking into the sea are now
poisoning the water
katissa Wacka Wacka article Seiya
vardaman fuckin illa atomically matt
eliason kareem bad and Arabic Allah
workmanship ally in a shinobi Oaxaca hot
cocoa I will be topless and feasel
monsieur le laasa larger world in i at
the lyon the police try to limit the
protests but the presence of the only
civil society candidate to win a seat in
the recent elections and the only
parliamentarian to turn up gives them
pause today they're asking for their
rights to fish at least but instead of
fishing all they're getting is garbage
from the sea
in Lebanon no one is responsible they
said all of them in the government on
the same table and everything we point
to the other he is responsible not me I
wouldn't blame every Minister in this
government and I will blame the
presidents because they run the country
yet the question of who actually runs
the country is open to dispute and
subject to geopolitics Lebanon's
position between more powerful neighbors
has always made it vulnerable to outside
influences you have Israel on one side
you have Syria with a civil war on the
other you have Saudi in Iran fighting
proxy wars all over the Middle East you
have Turkey in the north of Iraq also
fighting the Kurds you have the US and
the Russia are fighting for a piece of
the pie so it's a miracle that we still
exist today the dominant external
players in the country are Iran which
supports the Shia Muslim party Hezbollah
and its allies and Saudi Arabia who
supports most Sunnis and certain
Christian parties against Hezbollah
things came to a head in November 2017
when Prime Minister Sajjan Hariri was
visiting Saudi Arabia and to the shock
of his fellow-citizens suddenly appeared
on TV to make a statement for any almost
apology maria sittel her formal of
gnarnia
oh she r because her aha
for doing more about allah iran let him
at the hell fema can alert us Rafi he'll
sit on what damar
many in Lebanon believe that Hadid he
was held hostage by his Saudi patrons
and forced to resign because he was
losing ground to Hezbollah after
international pressure heavy Lee
returned home and said he wasn't giving
up office after all but he has yet to
explain exactly what took place we don't
know what happened there the president
announced that our prime minister was
personal in Saudi Arabia then the Prime
Minister came back after a month he said
that ok I'm not resigning anymore and
then business as usual
what's that this is it's not normal the
people who are in charge of the country
are not in charge of the country they
are protecting Iran or Saudi Arabia by
sitting there in the parliament where
they stood they are supposed to
legislate distorted politics
we tried repeatedly to get an interview
with the prime minister for this film
but how our requests were declined his
opponents to have their patrons and the
leader of the Hezbollah party say if
Hassan Nasrallah does not shy away from
his reliance on Iran
mineral islamia fear Palama iran v loose
enough loose hezbollah and its allies
including the president Michelle Long's
party were the biggest winners in the
recent elections we tried to speak with
Hezbollah's leadership but were told
that they too were not giving interviews
even filming from a car in a Hezbollah
controlled area is problematic security
is tight and outsiders are quickly
spotted
Pam invaluable Edna Muhammad Allah
strategy now has my route doesn't offer
amnesty to Israel is one of Hezbollah's
defining characteristics the part he did
agree to show us their Museum leta close
to the border with Israel built on a
former battleground the place is a
showpiece of Hezbollah's resistance to
Israeli attacks
we are here in circle bunker used by
fighters of resistance during the war in
1980s and 1990s
hey Lesley hollom over here at 11:00
a.m. HAARP warm America Mostel
affirmative all meaning of Hezbollah
wealth now Sarah mala do listen Iranian
funds we're told gave Hezbollah the
means to fight Israel more effectively
than the less equipped Lebanese army
it's why for years now proposals that
has butlers paramilitary wings should
give up its weapons have divided both
the government and public opinion for
supporters Hezbollah is seen primarily
as a resistance movement and some
lettuce and the colonisation of men
lastly I wanna see why don't you do a
salon upon the palisade Marin and Sonoma
Hama but the existence of a separate
armed force under one political party
worries many in Lebanon if Hezbollah has
missiles that can defend Lebanon why
should they stay with Hezbollah why not
transfer these arms into the Lebanese
army reserve Malouf is handing over
office today and leaving the political
world where he has served for the last
nine years as a parliamentarian for the
lebanese forces a right-wing christian
party which gained in the elections the
aspirations of the round to set up the
Shia Crescent from Iran to Iraq to Syria
to Lebanon his obvious Hezbollah is a
threat to the democratic system in the
economy of this country this country
cannot sustain if Hezbollah maintains
what they're doing they've had their
impact directly and indirectly
especially on the economy of Lebanon and
the proper governance of the system
I don't feel personally threatened by
Hezbollah that's for sure but I know
that my country is threatened by their
presence unsurprisingly
Hezbollah refutes such claims Sylla
hello mr. Mountford devil Mulliken well
I mean hello
McKesson Idol Muharram king Leticia and
the lover a lockable love Iran
yeah Locati has a daily the Sharia - a
little in Kakuma to do I was caught on
Zima we shared a lot after one voilà
salade Okada Alma Dorian a husband la
answer Rafa we said Virginia in the
absence of effective state welfare
Hezbollah like most other political
parties offer services to its supporters
including providing food for the poor
and the short field must have not feel
alone Misaki informative Allah Allah
Allah Allah Allah
well feet are free a banana
sorry really Allah GF Malouf begs to
differ
I don't think Saudi Arabia has ever
armed anybody in Lebanon with all due
respect the Lebanese expats that work in
the Middle East in general in the Gulf
in particular bring into this the
economy the local economy close to six
billion dollars a year
honestly I don't know what contribution
to my economy Iran has done
given Hezbollah's recent election
successes which may look like iran is
winning the proxy war against Saudi
Arabia yet the history of Lebanon is all
about no one side ever becoming dominant
in the situation where we are living
it's always going to be this balance
between these different agendas because
whenever you have one prevailing over
the other you have civil war but
maintaining this delicate equilibrium
through Lebanon's confessional s system
has long been seen here as both a
blessing and curse identity in Lebanon I
mean you still have the eighteen
religious communities you don't have one
Lebanon you have nineteen levels you
don't have one vision for the future you
have 19 of them while the power-sharing
that's embodied in the current
constitution might have kept these
different visions alive or at least
prevented Lebanon from returning to the
dark days of sectarian conflict its
critics say it's also led to stagnation
clientelism and corruption at the hand
of an entrenched elite the government is
stuck in gridlock the economy struggles
and mismanaged public services failed to
deliver few places epitomized the
stagnation better than the country's
once proud railway system which used to
connect three continents
Lebanon's trains stopped running during
the civil war more than 40 years ago in
two party squabbles over responsibility
and budget have stopped them moving ever
since although ludicrously thus rusting
Network is still officially in receipt
of public funds in reality it's now just
a relic of better times a victim like so
much in Lebanon of a system that does
little more than keep rivals apart and
political dynasties in place
you
