the latest victims of the war in Yemen
workers at a vegetable packing Factory
in the town of Beit al Faqih this is
where they wash the vegetables this is
where they were washing the okra okra
for God's sake look okra so they can
sell it in the markets they're just
workers the Saudi Emirati led coalition
had sent reinforcements tanks and
armored vehicles to the port city of her
data before Wednesday night's attack
pro-government forces have been trying
to recapture the city from Houthi rebels
since a renewed offensive in September
doctors and people who live in the area
say they don't know what the intended
target was but it's not uncommon for
coalition warplanes to hit civilian
targets some images too gruesome to show
a child once again among the victims
this man survived bloodied but shocked
by what happened we were cleaning dirt
off the okra batch and then the plane
above us struck we're only doing our job
since the war began in 2015
coalition forces have hit wedding
parties funerals residential homes
hospitals and a school bus they often
blame Houthi rebels accusing them of
using civilians as human shields as
international pressure grows for an end
to the war the casualty figures continue
to rise door sucha bari al Jazeera
