one of the clearest signs yet of
improving relations on the Korean
Peninsula the return of the remains of
US soldiers killed in the Korean War
remains that are being sent to Hawaii in
the hope DNA testing can identify them
it is appropriate today to recognize
what it is we are doing encouraged by
recent cooperation with North Korea on
this humanitarian effort that enabled
the transfer of 55 sets of remains on
the 27th of July last Friday the remains
began their journey from North Korea
last week but it's estimated the remains
of 5,300 u.s. soldiers are still in
North Korea waiting to be unearthed the
US continues to make extensive efforts
to recover those killed in battlefields
in Vietnam Laos and South Korea but
recovery from North Korea has always
been hampered by poor diplomatic
relations the promise to repatriate
these remains was one of the agreements
reached in the Singapore summit between
US President Donald Trump and North
Korea's Kim jong-un we have many others
coming but I want to thank chairman Kim
in front of the media for fulfilling a
promise that he made to me and I'm sure
that he will continue to fulfill that
promise as they searched and searched
and searched if relations continue to
improve it's thought the US and North
Korea could organize joint searches for
more remains and possibly declare a
formal end to the war in which these
soldiers died 65 years ago
so next step probably will be taken by
us North Korea and South Korea and China
will be how to deal with the potential
declaration of official end of the
Korean War there has been suspended
19:53 critics of the singapore summit
point out that the return of these
remains was reasonably easy to deliver
and that the main object of the summit
North Korea's denuclearization is as
elusive as ever nonetheless this
achievement is rich in symbolism for all
the former enemies offering the prospect
of what improving relations might lead
to and for some of the families of
missing US soldiers the prospect of
final closure a generation on Rob
McBride al Jazeera Seoul
