this is the impact of more than three
years of war the city of Siddhas
stronghold for healthy fighters was once
known as the Yemen's breadbasket much of
it is now destroyed people are desperate
and on the brink of a famine roads and
bridges have not been spared either
limiting the supply of vital supplies of
food and fuel to a population already
suffering malnutrition is at an all-time
high at a teen Shack that now serves as
a temporary health center acutely
malnourished children are fed
high-protein peanut based food the women
are scared to death every hour we see a
plane I'm not exaggerating at all we
wish for peace peace and safety but the
prospect of peace in Yemen remains ever
more distant relentless efforts by the
UN to broker peace have failed on one
side of the Houthi rebels trying hard to
keep control of huge swathes of the
country on the other pro-government
militias backed by the Saudi UAE
coalition in recent days they've
intensified their attempts to result
control of the vital part of her data
from both devices the city has been
heavily militarized forcing half of its
population to flee controlling her data
is important to both sides it's the main
entry point for much needed aid and most
important to Yemen this is with from
Australia more than anything else the
Yemeni people now desperately need peace
with peace and stability we can start to
get people back on their feet start to
rebuild their livelihoods there are
fears any escalation in the fighting
could cause a shutdown of the vital port
causing poverty bus station and what is
already the world's worst humanitarian
crisis some 22 million people in Yemen
need aid many of the war displaced have
no way of surviving without food
handouts and there are fears too over
outbreak of diseases coalition
airstrikes have destroyed Yemen's water
and sanitation facilities
something that's already caught an
outbreak of cholera the UN now says the
country could be one s track away from
another outbreak of the fatal disease
Mohammed Al Jazeera Djibouti
