Yolonda Yankee had just started a degree
at Rhodes University in South Africa
when she says she was raped she went for
a drink with friends she doesn't
remember anything else the following day
other people told her that two different
men had sex with her it just really made
me angry really angry and broken I mean
it has affected my relationships with
men that I've obviously the encounter
after that my trust in people in general
I guess I've just also become a person's
really angry at society mostly men
Yolanda's met many other students who
are tired of their universities and
police not acting on reports of sexual
assault demanding change students
marched in Rhodes University in 2016 as
part of their campaign they published a
list of students and university staff on
social media and they said were
responsible for sexual assaults students
have also protested here the University
of VIP versus Rand in Johannesburg and
since the student movement began
thousands more South Africans have taken
to social media to express their anger
that the lack of justice for women whose
been raped or killed when carabao
Makwana was found murdered in
Johannesburg last year he prompted
hundreds of thousands of tweet activists
say the pressure pushed authorities to
act her boyfriend was found guilty of
the murder
earlier this year 10 G William Suarez
studied the movement
she says the social media activism and
the naming of suspected rapists may not
always bring justice but it breaks the
silence because of the of how quickly
hashtags pick up you're able to call out
your rapist and today is a bunch of
people who say I believe you versus your
first interaction being going to the
police I'm saying this has happened to
me and the police saying well what were
you wearing where were you what time was
it South Africa is some of the highest
rates of sexual violence in the world
activists say less than one in ten
reported rape result in conviction we
asked a state prosecutor what she thinks
about frustrated victims pursuing
justice on social media instead I would
consider that dangerous
I love the
our judicial legal system I think it
works extremely well where the burden of
proof is on the accuser at least as a
prosecutor I know I can sleep soundly at
night because I know if I had convinced
the court that someone is guilty that
person really is guilty Yolanda says her
rapists have never been held to account
he says the authorities failed her no
justice has been done
Malcolm Webb al-jazeera Johannesburg
