president Trump often refers to Florida
as his second home he's held dozens of
rallies in the Sunshine State and
remains popular among Republican voters
on Tuesday Tampa will be the venue for
his latest make America great again
event it's one of the state's most
diverse cities in one of the nation's
most crucial swing states but a tickle
analysts say unlike recent rallies often
seen as victory tours this one could
prove vital to the president and his
party many other states are purple
meaning kind of competitive but no state
is deep purple like Florida we are
competitive the last four elections to
governor's races and to presidential the
margin of victory for the winner a shear
1% and this is shaping up to be another
1% election in Florida but the stakes
are high nationally as well as in the
state Ron loves playing with the kids
build the wall one DeSantis has the
presents backing to Florida's next
governor the state's current Governor
Rick Scott has Trump support for the
Senate if they win both men will play
crucial roles as allies of the president
it's expected thousands will attend the
rally here in Tampa but Florida's estate
that Donald Trump won by a razor-thin
margin in a presidential election for
Democrats too then there's a lot at
stake but organizers say the so called
Trump effect is driving support like
never before more signs over here the
tampers Democratic campaign headquarters
volunteers are making preparations for
what they hope will be a wave of
victories in November organizers say
they're inundated with offers of help
our recruitment is up our numbers are up
our money our fundraising is up
kids have kiddingly that he's our best
recruiter so he's certainly energized
our base
Florida's always been known as a
battleground state and for good reason
politics here tends to reflect the mood
of the country so president Trump's
latest rally may be one of his most
important yet and he Gallacher al
jazeera Tampa Florida
