it's a time of the year when the beaches
of Sochi are filled with holidaymakers
many seemingly oblivious that not too
far away diplomatic efforts are underway
to solve the bloodiest conflict of the
21st century this is the 10th round of
the Astana talks sponsored by Russia
Iran and Turkey
un special envoy Staffan de Mistura is
also here much has changed on the ground
in Syria since the last round in mid-may
the government has made further
territorial gains recently taking
control of the border areas with Jordan
and Israel and the escalation zones in
there are and the Homs region heading up
the Syrian delegation UN Ambassador
Bashar al-jaafari looks like a guest of
honor unlike his usual stomping grounds
this is friendly territory talks of
removing President Assad or of a
transitional government are not on the
table here these talks are not only
about Syria but about solving the
conflict while protecting the interests
of the many different parties involved
in this complicated jigsaw the battle
for the northern province of Idlib is
looming is where much of the armed
opposition absent here in Sochi has been
retreating - this is a great concern for
Turkey which is likely to seek
assurances that the fragile ceasefire
will continue to be respected by the
regime and then there's Russia it was to
discuss humanitarian issues such as the
resettlement of millions of refugees
there are more elements of stability and
people are eager to return home large
numbers of living in neighboring
countries about 1 million in Jordan more
than a million in Lebanon and three and
a half million in Turkey not to mention
those in Europe it's also in the
interest of Europe to help their
resettlement by creating the conditions
for that we understand the process is
supposed to be on a volunteer basis but
we must not prevent them from returning
all part of a message Russia is schemed
to put out the war in Syria is coming to
an end I think that depends who you are
I mean aside for example has also said
that he is new
victory if you are an opposition group
for example or if you're a militant
group like Islamic States or Japan
fetish and that hasn't partaking in
peace talks or doesn't necessarily need
to agree on any post-conflict scenario
then I think we're gonna see some
conflicts down the line even in the
event that there is a formal transition
between the political parties and actors
that are involved in the peace talks
behind closed doors delegates are also
focusing on finding common ground for
constitutional reforms one of the many
issues that have been elusive so far
we're there during these so-called
Astana talks or do UN sponsored ones in
Geneva where appear Hamad Al Jazeera
Sochi
