India's tightened security across the
northern state of Assam which borders
Bangladesh thousands of Bengali speaking
Muslims are worried about being sent to
detention centers or deported they sent
me to jail without even listening to me
the state's new registry wants to
identify people who entered India after
the Bangladesh Pakistan war in 1971 the
names of four million people from the
states thirty-two million residents are
missing from the new draft of a
citizen's registry this regard is very
high figure it is it is very surprising
it is unbelievable
because there is no such number of an
illegal infiltrators in Assam Prime
Minister Narendra Modi's government has
pledged to remove what it calls
foreigners from Assam state officials
say people can appeal to have their
names on the list how did you cope claim
every person whose name has not been
included in the draft citizens list will
have many opportunities to object will
make a claim those whose names appeared
on the revised registry are overjoyed
and relieved it felt really good seeing
that the names of my family members have
been included in the national registry
of citizens those whose names are not on
the registry continue to worry
they fear if the uncertainty continues
they might face deportation or risk
becoming stateless Paul Chatterjee on al
Jazeera
