the residents of limo Aragon or che in
northeastern Brazil live by agriculture
but many of them are also killed by it
these widows and their families have
been fighting for years for compensation
for recognition they say that their
husbands died from diseases contracted
while spraying pesticides with
inadequate protection dama Maria's
husband Jose died 12 years ago in
Dubrovnik II he asked me not to give up
that I should keep fighting for justice
that was his last request Brasil uses
20% of the pesticides produced for world
markets it's difficult to avoid seeping
into this local reservoir from
neighboring soya fields
it may look a Dilek but extensive
fumigation has poisoned this area that
I'm breathing the water that the people
here drink and the food that they grow a
way of life poisoned by the big
agricultural companies quest for
short-term profit for of the tempests
besides most commonly used in Brazil a
banned in Europe University of Sardar
studies found cancer rates here 40%
higher than the national average we get
worried hearing that so many people are
ill but what can I do I need to keep
working to pay my bills but cancer is
not the only problem Antonia's daughter
Manuela suffers a congenital disease
which doctors believe was caused by
pesticides even if we plant vegetables
or fruits in our yard we can't be sure
that air or water aren't contaminated
according to the studies it seems
everything is contaminated here many
others here including Marcia's daughter
Sofia suffer similar diseases when
doctors from Sierra University did
research here they identified a chemical
substance in my daughter's blood
that was banned in the 1990s however a
government commission is recommending a
relaxation of the existing regulations
to allow the powerful agribusiness
industry to spray more this is one of
the best proposals for Brazilian society
we want to make sure the farmers provide
the best food for the population this
bill is for Food Safety campaigners say
laws are floated monitoring is poor what
they are trying to do is to remove or
limit the authority of health and
environmental authorities in the process
of registering new pesticides and we
think that's very dangerous that we
don't think that this is this means to
modernize the system and it would take
Brazil way back justice here move slowly
bogged down in bureaucracy that the
fight to be heard for a response from
the powerful agribusiness ISM the
distant government goes on dangling
their aljazeera ferrous state Brazil
