if Cambodia's election was held under
normal circumstances there may have been
victory celebrations here instead the
headquarters of the dissolved Cambodian
national rescue party is empty fearing
arrest most party leaders are outside
Cambodia where they watched in dismay
and sadness at Sunday's election being
conducted without them in its history
the ruling Cambodian People's Party of
Prime Minister Hun Sen won the election
easily after having the main opposition
dissolved and its leader arrested it's
fair to say that this is now a one-party
authoritarian state it's the end of
Cambodia after the Paris peace
agreements it's it's a like I said a
whole new bad cambodia the day after the
vote hunson was beaming as he greeted
one of the main so-called independent
election monitors the banned opposition
is running out of options to try to
bring about political change and isn't
ruling out supporting peaceful protests
that may be a last difficult resource as
the Prime Minister has tightened his
grip on power he's become increasingly
intolerant of protests behind this huge
wall is what used to be Freedom Park a
high-profile designated protest site in
the heart of the city the government
closed it after it became the focal
point of opposition protests following
the dispute in 2013 election which was
almost won by the Cambodian national
rescue party protests are almost always
ended with violence from security forces
the cnrp leaders say Cambodians have
been let down by their government and
others we are calling the
- who has actually application to
Cambodia because of the special relation
that Cambodia have with the world they
brought to the Paris peace accord to
respect the voice to hear the voice of
the Cambodian people the Paris Peace
Accords signed in 1991 state that
Cambodia must have a liberal multiparty
democracy the election showed there is
now just one party Wayne hey al-jazeera
/ Phnom Penh
