Mohamad Munir thinks Imran Khan's
campaign for a so-called new Pakistan
has succeeded in driving out the
political old guard similar to his
traditional taxi which is now competing
with online services such as uber when
he's been driving for 15 years and makes
less than $200 a month like thousands of
Pakistanis who are living just above the
so-called poverty line he struggles to
provide food education in health care
for his three children he voted for
Imran Khan and has high expectations
needs to provide us jobs housing for the
poor and free education this should be
his priority he has promised change in
nine days if he fails to bring change
then his fate will be worse than the
previous two Noah's and Sardar II Imran
Khan's Pakistan tehreek-e-insaf party is
said to form a coalition government he's
promised to fight corruption and impose
austerity measures instead of lavish
government spending whether it's the
jobs whether it's the housing whether
it's a Satan's off guard
/ whatever we've said about foreign
policy we know what we are doing we know
how to do it and insha'Allah you will
see that we will deliver exactly what we
have committed to delivering major
challenges await Pakistan's new
government including trying to boost the
devalued currency and Pakistan join the
list of countries which is not doing
enough to stop terrorist financing
besides security at home and foreign
policy issues the government's expected
to seek more than 10 billion dollars to
balance its budget
whether it's from the International
Monetary Fund or Pakistan's allies such
as China or Saudi Arabia the loan is
likely to come with conditions which
will probably affect just about everyone
to make this cup of tea a kilo of sugar
used to cost 30 cents now it costs 60
cents a liter of milk used to cost about
70 cents which has gone over $1 Imran
Khan's biggest challenge will be the
economy and to make sure that everyday
items don't cost as much but young
people who support the cricketer turned
politician have faith their leader will
prevail in Kaunas are for education in
hospitals he will remove the divide
between the rich and poor we should give
him enough time to fulfill his pledges
Imran Khan's party says it's ready to
deliver on raised expectations even for
those who did not work for a new
Pakistan Shah Mohammad Javad al Jazeera
Islamabad
