tight security in Kabul joined army and
police units patrol all entrances to the
capital they searched vehicles and
people they are taking no chances
suicide bomb attacks and improvised
devices have killed and injured
thousands of people this year and the
situation is getting worse security
forces are under mounting pressure to
ensure smooth elections there is no
doubt that terrorist organizations like
the Taliban Isis and the Haqqani network
and many other terrorist networks are
trying to undermine the political
process and do not want this election to
take place the Taliban's attacked many
election rallies across the country
killing dozens of people including
candidates the government has closed 900
polling stations mainly in rural areas
under Taliban control but for the Afghan
people casting votes is vital for the
future of the country the security
situation is not reassuring yes you see
more security forces in the center of
the main province and here in Kabul but
it's far more worse in rural areas each
day I go to work I'm concerned about my
safety I'm full of hope the candidates
are young and I believe they'll serve us
better I wish they can focus on
improving education and security in
previous elections war laws and powerful
tribal leaders have taken part this time
the majority of the candidates are young
and
pendant it would be almost impossible to
set up checkpoints similar to this one
as the main entrances to all the cities
across Afghanistan the government simply
does not have the resources and the
manpower but officials say they are
determined to take all necessary
measures to ensure that Taliban does not
disrupt the election Hara bhara al
jazeera Kabul
