it was 7 a.m. on the island of Lombok
when the earthquake struck many ran
outside immediately dozens of others
were injured by falling debris when
their homes started to collapse some
couldn't escape in time tourists on the
neighboring island of Bali ran out of
their hotels but no earthquake damage is
reported there long box is also a
popular tourist destination and nearly
800 visitors for climbing Mount Rinjani
all managed to leave the slopes of the
volcano safely but a Malaysian tourist
was killed when a guesthouse at the foot
of the volcano collapsed the quake
caused several landslides and the
volcanoes been closed to visitors
Indonesia is one of the world's most
active earthquake zones and more than
5000 quakes are recorded every year
after this morning's strong tremor more
than 100 aftershocks were felt causing
even more panic on both Lombok and Bali
it's the peak of the tourist season and
many hotels are full the government is
urging everyone to stay calm
stepheson al jazeera jakarta
