the moment of carnage captured on cell
phone video
16 people shot in a popular restaurant
area an 18 year old woman a 10 year old
girl died as did the shooter whose
motive remains unclear it's just the
latest horrific incident in what many
here are calling the summer of the gun
the violence that's been surging in
Toronto is happening in the most
unlikely of places places like this
playground where in mid-june two young
girls were wounded in an attack on
someone else believed to be gang-related
five year old jizya King is able to play
again after being hit by a bullet in her
stomach her mother says she doesn't feel
safe anywhere now even in her own home
it feels overwhelming
it feels very stressful and it is sad
because every time I come around here
I'm just gonna remember my kids getting
shot local politicians want a ban on all
handguns Canada does have strict gun
control but there are plenty of illegal
weapons around police say most firearms
used in crimes are smuggled from the US
this former gang member says guns are
cheaper and more commonplace than they
used to be he now works to help young
men leave the violent lifestyle of a
street gang like he did 25 years ago I
have a philosophy and and the philosophy
is one by one as long as I get through
to just one one kid and save one life I
felt like I've
contributed I feel a bit of redemption
for things that I some personally feel
responsible for residents are asking if
Toronto's reputation as a safe tolerant
peaceful place is now dashed right now
murder and gun crimes are double what
they were a year ago close to an
all-time record yet researchers say the
statistics still point to a city that's
markedly safer than many of its
counterparts in the midst of all of this
craziness I'm more interested in looking
at data and if you look at police data
if you look at crime data you'll see
that you know again compared to other
big cities in North America Toronto is
still very safe call it natural
resilience or determination but for now
a weary City looks ready to return to
normal life less than a week after the
worst mass shooting in its history and a
year that is so far seemed more violent
and shocking than most
Daniel lack al Jazeera Toronto
