imran khan has lived many lives he's
been a world cup cricketer a
philanthropist and a longtime opposition
leader for two decades he's tried to
disrupt Pakistan's entrenched political
system often plagued by corruption
scandals now as the leader of the
largest political party he's poised to
become Prime Minister
Pakistanis may soon find out if khan has
the ability to deliver on promises of
transforming their country I promised
that I will control the corruption I
will prove that we can have such a
government here to where our ministers
will be scared of engaging in corruption
as our national accountability Bureau
will prosecute anyone including Prime
Minister and ministers as it happens in
the West in addition to fighting
corruption Khan has promised to tackle
poverty and improve access to health
care and education but some have
criticized Khan for supporting the death
penalty for blasphemy and legislation
they say would persecute a minority
Muslim movement Khan has been critical
about the u.s. war in Afghanistan and
the use of drones within Pakistan's
borders main problem is right now is
what the United States it's the sort of
cold war going on with India and by our
Anniston which we believe that there is
terrorism coming terrorism coming into
Pakistan by Afghanistan in a recent
campaign appearance Khan told supporters
he understands critiquing government
from the sidelines is much easier than
implementing lasting change an easy
solution to the problems that Pakistan
is faced with does not exist nobody
should take it that the manifesto we
have introduced could be easily
implemented we need to change the system
of governance completely if Khan assumes
office allegations of election fraud and
military interference will trail him but
for now it appears his vow that it will
no longer be politics as usual in
Pakistan seems to have resonated with
voters
Natasha ganene Al Jazeera
