Brazil believes it has the solutions to
many of the problems I its fellow BRICS
members such as in medicine and aviation
all major developing economies home to
40 percent of the world's population
with a vision that most would agree is
straining to fulfill its potential the
world is becoming less Western what less
concentrated less homogeneous and it
would be better even for the world to
leave space for BRICS countries to make
this difference and even have more power
and control this transition to a word
that is less westernized all five bricks
members are looking to their strengths
to see what they can best contribute to
the growth of their alliance Brazil has
this technology hub outside Sao Paulo
it's very clear that you have many
benefits we're exploring more deeply
this collaboration an example is this
surveillance balloon operated by one
person for monitoring large spaces big
events and to our surprise even our own
interview with one of the project
developers it is a Brazilian product and
I know like like say Billy the Olympic
Games
we have other Olympic Games who have
World Cups and a lot of events a
persistent monitoring should do the
surveillance of the David's with a
bullet absorbent skin it's also ideal
for monitoring illegal deforestation and
poaching while we were here
it spotted a nearby fire its
manufacturers believe it can thrive in
South Africa India or Russia brazil's
technological future is here
developing the technological innovations
that they believe will be of interest to
more cells for their partners in bricks
and beyond
all five bricks members have their
problems bazzill struggling to emerge
from recession China and a trade war
with the US all searching for shared
solutions when we start working together
I think we can all grow together and the
thing that I see I see Brazil offering
for this is the talent and the
flexibility and the open mind that
Brazil has now perhaps at the 10th BRICS
summit all members will play to their
strengths and embrace common interests
Daniel I'm not out to zerah
South Shores a dos Campos Brazil
