it has the worst humanitarian situation
on earth with the UN warning that Yemen
could soon face a full-scale fanon since
it led a military intervention in its
southern neighbor three and a half years
ago Saudi Arabia and its allies have
breached the basic rules of war
civilians have been repeatedly targeted
with some attacks on schools and
hospitals a UN panel recently accused
the coalition of war crimes so many
people talk about Yemen is the Forgotten
War but here at the UN it's not a
Forgotten War we have sometimes monthly
debates and meetings on on what's going
on in Yemen
it's an ignored war and it's ignored
because so many at the Security Council
table are directly or indirectly
involved and shielding Saudi Arabia from
any criticism and they all have blood on
their hands those countries include the
u.s. France and the UK friends of Saudi
Arabia with huge investments and trade
deals all three supply the Saudis with
weapons the UN secretary-general has
also been muted in his criticism perhaps
because of the country's regional
influence and its cash here deputy Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman presents
Secretary General Antonio Guterres with
a check worth almost a billion dollars
from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab
Emirates for humanitarian assistance in
Yemen some at the time muttered this was
blood money
but of course no diplomats would say
that in public so could what happen to
Jamal kesaji and the Saudi consulate in
Turkey be a turning point in Yemen in
the past the Saudis have held a number
of key cards that have protected them
from criticism their economic dominance
their regional influence and the fact
that they control humanitarian access by
sea and land into Yemen
but by far its most important card has
been its alliance with the US for more
than 70 years an alliance that's been
strengthened since President Trump took
office with the president's son-in-law
Jared Kushner building an extremely
close bond with the Saudi Crown Prince
that's why the Saudis need to be very
worried about what happens next in the
US Congress where the fate of mr.
Khashoggi has led to anger and revulsion
if members of Congress keep up the
pressure other parts of the
international community are likely to
follow suit and Saudi Arabia's
disastrous campaign in Yemen is likely
to face much tougher scrutiny James
BAE's al Jazeera of the United Nations
