welcome to the grand each offender in a
sense them I draw energy projects
Samanya bacala was the mastermind behind
Ethiopia's ambitious hydropower plan
still under construction and with a four
point eight billion dollar price tag the
grand Renaissance dam is at the heart of
Ethiopia's bid to become Africa's
biggest exporter of power and shore up
its economic future it's a source of
pride for many in Ethiopia but outside
the country it's controversial makalah's
sudden death drew crowds and raised
suspicions some protesters believe he's
been murdered we will not be silent over
the death of a person that we hold in
such high regard and we feel great
sorrow for his loss we are deeply
saddened by his death and we call on the
police to investigate and present their
results quickly but kala was found dead
behind the wheel of his car on Thursday
morning in a busy area in the heart of
the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa police
say he had a bullet wound behind his
right ear
police police found a gun by his right
hand inside his car there is information
that he was seen around his office at
7:30 this morning but this is under
investigation
bacala was a popular figure an engineer
and the project manager for the
half-completed dam being built on the
blue nile river it's expected to more
than double the electricity that
Ethiopia currently generates making it
the powerhouse for the rest of Africa
but Egypt opposes the dam over fears
that will affect the flow of the River
Nile its main source of water in may
Sudan Egypt and Ethiopia agreed to set
up a scientific committee to study the
dams impact and at a meeting in June the
leaders of Ethiopia and Egypt pledged to
work together to settle their
differences peacefully
bacala is the second high-profile figure
connected to the dam project to have
been found shot dead in just over two
months and may attackers shot and killed
deep camera the head of dangoty cement
Ethiopia's prime minister joined many
others on social media to express his
shock at bacala's death hundreds of
protestors have been marching to vent
their anger and their suspicions police
are still investigating but many are
already drawing their own conclusions
Maryana hon dr. Zira
