recovery teams are going from house to
house in search of missing people no
official figures been released where the
local authorities say at least a hundred
are unaccounted for all along Greece's
charred coastline entire neighbourhoods
are gone the village of Marty was
popular with retirees and young families
escaping the capital we have found
burning pets dogs cats ducks chickens
that they was trapped in the yard and
you could not escape when the fire
arrived there was a very real
possibility of finding people that may
have died hurt for sure but I personally
I believe that their most of missing
guard unless a police and search and
rescue teams have entered this property
the woman who lived here is listed as
missing she's also known to have had
mobility problems too
this is incredibly arduous task for
these teams the house is empty no trace
of the woman or two other people who
lived here the search must continue
there were two people died there a
couple Harris's lived in the town of
Marty his whole life when the fire swept
through here he sealed himself inside
his house surrounding homes were
destroyed his is unscathed several of
his neighbors were killed it was like a
sea of fire a wave of fire approaching
actually so it was burning everything
that it was on the second floor or third
floor in only on buildings my house is
only ground floor so it just passed over
the heat wave passed over my house I
felt like I'm surrounded and protected
from the higher buildings many of the
settlements along this coast sprang up
in the 1970's and 80's
houses were built without official
permission fire safety was scarcely
considered when people tried to flee the
fire they found escape routes to the sea
blocked by locked gates or only
accessible down now
channels this is where many of the fire
started high in the hills above the
seaside resorts that fringed the Aegean
Sea a few kilometers away from here
several days after the inferno ripped
through this area the ground still
smoulders in places it's still hot
underfoot the fear is now that when rain
does come it will lead to mudslides
storm clouds gather over Athens the
promise of a break in the weather to
extinguish any remaining fires and cool
the scorched earth Nev Barca al Jazeera
Marty
