after weeks of negotiations with their
employer the shock of being told they
had lost their job was for many too much
to bear the United Nations refugee and
Works Agency in Gaza says lack of donor
funding means it doesn't have enough
money and so jobs must go I've been told
that I will no longer have a full-time
job after the 31st of August then we
will only be able to work part-time
until the end of the year then my job
will end I'm really sad not just for me
but for my colleagues that have families
this is the office at the head of the UN
agencies operations in Gaza Mateus
Kamali was chaperoned out of the
building on Monday night by Hamas guards
protecting them from the angry crowd the
head of the workers union here says
strikes by employees will continue and
threaten to close down un aid
distribution medical centers and schools
if the jobs are not reinstated we were
not expecting this from a humanitarian
organization like on what we've tried to
find a solution for three weeks since
negotiations started but it looks like
they had their own agenda from the start
UN refugee and Works Agency says it
needs around two hundred and seventeen
million dollars to sustain its work in
Gaza this year it says an emergency
appeal for money from international
donors has failed
unruhe here in gaza have suffered years
of shortfalls in their funding as the
crisis here has got worse this latest
announcement not only has devastating
implications for Palestinian employees
Unruh but potentially for hundreds work
in general across Gaza as the people
here continue to suffer Israel's
blockade more than half of Gaza's
population relies on humanitarian aid
from the UN organization
the job cuts showed just how desperate
the situation has become in Gaza
conditions for the two million people
living here continue to deteriorate and
finding a lasting political solution to
ending the violence between Hamas and
Israel remains remote Charles trafford
al Jazeera Gaza
