they resumed their Trek at 4:00 in the
morning trying to make some headway
before the baking midday Sun even then
it was hard work several thousand men
women and children dispersed in a long
exhausted trail their goal is to reach
the United States a country where
they've now become a political football
in a bitter election race take your
cameras in search
shut up take you John take your camera
go into the middle and search you're
gonna find ms-13 you're gonna find
Middle Eastern you're gonna find
everything and guess what we're not
allowing them in our country we want
safety in almost a week with the caravan
al Jazeera didn't find anyone from the
Middle East nor terrorists or Isis all
of which President Trump has hinted at
without proof what we have seen are
single men women and many families like
that of one and a half year old Giselle
taking a breather by the side of the
road with her father and aunt they like
others here are aware of Donald Trump's
accusations it's alive that's your first
reaction you feel bad about the
discrimination because we're not gang
members but what many in the caravan
aren't aware of is that the timing of
their March could actually turn into a
huge political gift for the US president
the caravan has inadvertently come just
the right moment for President Trump and
the Republican Party and that's because
the u.s. midterm elections are just two
weeks away and the images of thousands
of people heading for the US border
coupled with president Trump's
inflammatory and unproven remarks are
only going to mobilize his support no
one we talked to denied that some
criminals could be mixed in with the
multitude it's almost inevitable given
the numbers here but they also said that
they were heading to the u.s. to escape
the violence and poverty of back home
and to find work we only asked to be led
through so that we can offer a better
future for our children our parents who
are already old and our families
ultimately the backlash in the u.s. to
this movement of thousands of desperate
people could push that dream even
further out of reach vote for them and
those who come after John Holman
al-jazeera Chapas
