I'm at wasabi has been desperate to find
treatment for his sister she suffers
from cancer he says he spent all he has
in the hope of trying to keep her alive
I bet I sold all my property plots of
land and gold possessions even my cattle
now I am in debt I am helpless and
cannot afford her treatment anymore even
if there is money medicines are in short
supply in Yemen specialized cancer
treatment facilities like this one don't
have the means to provide chemotherapy
and we soon shut down the patients
treated here require more than 25
million yemeni riyals every month to
cover only the cost of chemotherapy
apart from other medical services needed
regretfully there is no operational
budget approved for the center by the
Finance Ministry the relevant
endorsement is still needed by a manned
central bank the medical facilities
operated by donations grants and charity
there are thousands of cancer patients
just in hadera a province in the middle
of a ferocious battle between Houthi
rebels and Yemen's government backed by
the Saudi Emirati coalition even before
the war many M&E is going to fought
cancer treatments but now it's become
nearly impossible
according to the World Health
Organization only 20% of Yemen's
hospitals can treat diseases like cancer
diabetes and hypertension
it says chronic conditions accounted for
nearly 40% of the reported deaths last
year the hospitals that do exist
face long spells of power outages and
severe shortage of medicines and staff
and that might get worse if the UN fails
to negotiate a deal between warring
factions that will allow it to take
control of her data port a vital
lifeline for imports of food and
medicine meanwhile these patients can
only hope that a solution comes soon
enough Priyanka Gupta al Jazeera
