Qatar's Amir and Britain's Prime
Minister bonded over football
share Tamim bin Hamad al-thani told to
resume he was impressed with the English
football team adding he hoped they would
do better when his country hosts the
next World Cup then the discussion
shifted to politics the GCC crisis and
bilateral relations Qatar is one of the
biggest investors in the UK and a major
buyer of British military hardware last
year when Saudi Arabia UAE Bahrain and
Egypt sever ties with utter and imposed
a blockade don't have bought 24 typhoon
fighter jets from the UK
during a ceremony at Horse Guards Parade
in central London
the Emir presented the flag of a joint
squadron of Qatari and British pilots
who will protect the World Cup in Qatar
we're building strong military
cooperation based on a model approach
you'll see more joint operations in the
future including squadron 12 which
you'll see operating soon and through
the coming years that's a first step
there will be more cooperation in the
future Britain has caught on all the
parties involved in the Gulf diplomatic
crisis to set aside their differences
the UK is very sad about the blockade a
little bit puzzled really what lies
between the behind the blockade there
doesn't seem any logical reason for the
action that the UK must maintain good
relations with all our of the states and
that's why we are suggesting that Kuwait
is best place to be the broker Qatar's
charm offensive has been in full swing
since the start of the Gulf crisis it's
become crucial at a time when the
country continues to face an embargo
Qatar's viewed financial investments
around the world along with its
agreements to buy arms have helped its
partnership with international political
heavyweights
and this is important for the Gulf
nation as the blockade in countries with
checked attempts and the GCC crisis
Hashima para al Jazeera horse-cars in
central London
