it's a time of fresh tension in the
Middle East the UN's special coordinator
briefing by video link from Jerusalem
warned of troubling developments on two
fronts as we meet today tensions between
Syria and Israel continued to rise while
last Saturday we were minutes away from
another devastating confrontation
between Israel and Hamas in Gaza even
before the meeting started the Israeli
ambassador came to brief reporters on
the downing of the Syrian jet which he
claimed had infiltrated Israeli airspace
he dodged my question though about a
deal which president Trump has said he's
done with President Putin concerning
Israeli security the world really
doesn't know what the deal is can you
explain more for us I don't know about
what deal you are referring I can tell
you one thing we will not allow the
Iranians to build their bases next to
our borders in the Golan Heights this is
our policy and Prime Minister Netanyahu
is very clear about this when he meets
mr. Putin when he meets mr. Trump
whoever it will meet he will tell them
the same we will not allow the Iranians
to build their bases next to it well we
have a policy we don't have an agreement
inside the council meeting the Israeli
ambassador went on to blame the
escalation of violence in Gaza on Hamas
while his Palestinian counterpart said
it was the result of Israeli ongoing
occupation and aggression Sweden has the
presidency of the Council this month its
ambassador's assessment was sobering
there are you know are questions to be
put whether there are real preparations
for peace in the region we have constant
band-aids on the wounds that are there
but no real long-term solutions everyone
is waiting for a credible peace plan we
haven't seen that yet the US has for 18
months said it's coming up with that
peace plan but there were no fresh
details from ambassador nikki Haley she
instead used her speech to attack
countries of the Arab world talk is
cheap no group of countries is more
generous with their words than the
Palestinians Arab neighbors and other oh
I see member states but all of the words
but
working here in New York do not feed
clothe or educate a single Palestinian
child it's not just ambassador Haley's
hectoring tone that has ruffled feathers
members of the Security Council are
frustrated that they've been given no
details of the u.s. administration's
Middle East peace plan or of a secret
deal that's already been done between
the US Russia and Israel over Syria
James BAE's al Jazeera at the United
Nations
