Juan and Ana both 16 years old crossed
the border illegally in January they
were soon arrested and detained for more
than a month before eventually being
reunited with Anna's mother Maria who
herself has been living undocumented in
the u.s. or several years none of them
want us to show their faces or use their
real names for fear it will affect the
teenagers chances of being granted
asylum when they were detained Juan and
Ana spent the first two days in one of
the Border Patrol's notorious holding
cells they become known as ice boxes for
their cold conditions where detainees
are given only foil blankets to keep
warm I was really cold because when we
crossed the river I got very wet so when
they put me in the ice box I got really
cold with my wet clothes they were later
moved to a facility near Brownsville
Texas it was there that were separated
the family our indigenous Mayans from
Guatemala where they faced poverty and
discrimination often they are the
targets of violence when one was 8 years
old he was thrown from the third floor
of his school by fellow students he
survived but it left its mark
he since suffered from seizures Maria
thinks neither one or Ana are safe in
Guatemala anymore in Guatemala there's
too much violence and there are often
abductions of children over there
especially if they hear they have family
in the United States and gangs demand
the family pay money teenagers like
Annan Juan who cross into the US
illegally and alone without any parents
or guardians are called unaccompanied
minors by the US government they're
arrested and held it was the same under
the Obama administration
crystal Fleming is an attorney with the
New York legal assistance group who
represents the teenagers she says
there's one big difference with
president Trump's administration type of
asylum claims have been productive for
numerous years such as women and
children fleeing from domestic violence
as well as fleeing from gang violence in
Latin America and now recently it was
publicized that those type of claims are
no longer can be granted asylum a family
facing uncertainty under president
Trump's zero-tolerance immigration
policy the only thing certain is their
quest for asylum in the u.s. is now more
difficult than ever
Gabriel Sandow al Jazeera New York
