the Iranian Foreign Ministers tweet
mimic to the all-caps late-night tweet
from the US president color us
unimpressed it said the world heard even
harsher bluster a few months ago and
Iranians have heard them albeit more
civilized ones for 40 years we've been
around for millennia and seen full of
empires including our own which lasted
more than the life of some countries be
cautious exclamation mark be cautious is
how Donald Trump's tweet ended as well
at the White House Donald Trump was
asked if he had any concerns about
provoking tensions with Iran this was
his response things have changed in the
administration there are now those
around Donald Trump who have long
advocated for violent regime change in
Iran notably National Security Advisor
John Bolton he released the following
statement if Iran does anything at all
to the negative they will pay a price
like few countries have paid before but
White House press secretary Sarah
Saunders argued that the
administration's approach to Iran has
been consistent the ultimate goal and
the focus of the president is making
sure that we keep nuclear weapon weapons
out of their hands and that we focus on
the protection of America the
president's tweet came at a time though
when much of the international community
is arguing but withdrawing from the
Iranian nuclear deal has made everyone
less safe and not more diplomatically I
think a lot of countries are very
resentful of the United States they
think the u.s. pulled out of a perfectly
fine nuclear deal that Iran was
complying with I think there
diplomatically maybe Iran feels like
it's with Europe and Russia and China
saying that the u.s. is overdoing it
your world has become on Sunday
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said the
US would attempt to stir unrest in Iran
by beaming anti-government broadcasts
into the country but beyond that it's
still unclear what the long-term
strategy of the Trump administration is
almost three months since the u.s.
withdrew from the Iranian nuclear deal
Shia Burton C al Jazeera Washington
