smoke spreads across the Greek capital
carrying fear of what the summer may
bring around Athens fires have engulfed
several towns homes have burned to the
ground the hillsides no match for the
raging flames thousands of people have
evacuated many who managed to escape are
still in shock
thankfully the C was right there and we
went in the flames were chasing us all
the way to the water it started burning
our back so we'd open to the water the
fire's led Greek Prime Minister Alexis
tsipras to cut short an official visit
to Bosnia still alive just there with
bullets I want to believe that despite
the adverse weather conditions we will
do whatever is humanly possible to get
the fire under control in spite of this
I'm still concerned by the parallel
outbreaks in the east and west of Attica
fire fighters the Coast Guard and Army
are teaming up to respond to the state
of emergency the fires are burning in
several areas including the small resort
town of Canada about 50 kilometers from
Athens northeast of the capital the area
of Rafina is also affected as well as
the southern island of Crete the low
visibility has led to flight delays the
closure of roads and a main highway in
the village of mati charred cars cover
the streets Greece is now asking the
European Union for help Greece has
submitted a request through the European
civil protection mechanism the
international ground and air assistance
still fresh in the country's memory are
the devastating 2007 wildfires more than
80 people died as fires burned for days
across Greece over a decade later
firefighters know it's a race against
time with unforgiving flames destroying
everything in their way
Katia Lopez sauvignon al Jazeera
