Pakistan will go into polls on July the
25th to elect its new prime minister
several political parties are vying for
over 105 million voters so here's an
insight into three mainstream parties
that are competing to win the election
he emmalin led by Shahbaz Sharif
previously led by former prime minister
Nawaz Sharif the pml-n bagged a clear
majority in the 2013 elections and is
governed Pakistan for the last five
years but after the controversial Panama
leaks scandal 'no washing his personal
wealth and family business came under
severe judicial scrutiny and forensic
investigation after his family was
accused of owning offshore companies and
undeclared properties in London his
younger brother Shahbaz Sharif is
expected to become the prime minister
but only if the pml-n wins enough seats
and Parliament for a decade Shahbaz
Sharif was the Chief Minister of the
country's largest province the Punjab
he also has a reputation as a good
administrator but his opponent alleged
that he is implicated in the same
corruption cases that forced his elder
brother from power a few senior
bartenders have recently cooked in
England after sparking rumours of
infighting
but the pml-n has consistently denied
any rift between the Sharif brothers the
PTI led by Imran Hahn the cricketer
turned politician Imran Khan is the
leader of the Opposition 'el PTI party
he led protests in 2014 demanding that
the government resign over alleged
ball-breaking
since then he has held various
demonstrations against the pml-n
alleging corruption in the party PTI has
ruled the northwestern Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa province for the past five
years
but Imran Khan hopes to capture Punjab's
majority to form a national government
and become the next prime minister he's
widely popular amongst Pakistan's
younger voters but is considered too
unrealistic volatile and temperamental
by others to run the country
well since emerging as a major player in
Pakistani politics in 2013
what Pakistan has seen of him Ron Khan
is a lot of disruptive and educational
politics a lot of disregard for elected
institutions including the Parliament to
which he was elected but he hardly a
went there and with that kind of recent
history he's now going into this
election with some really big promises
like ending corruption providing 20
million jobs and bringing back what he
calls the looted money without defining
any of the legal or logistical framework
which is going to help him achieve these
goals
there is also unease over what many
describe as as divisive politics in
which he is often seen as a lying with
religious hardliners or pandering to
their agenda
EVP led by bilal barossa valley the poto
family are the inheritors of Pakistan's
largest center-left party first among
them was the thunderous use of Academy
Bhutto who was hanged in a military coup
in 1977 his daughter benazir bhutto
gained popularity worldwide after she
was democratically elected to become the
first woman Prime Minister in a Muslim
majority country while the party's
current aim is to rebuild an eroding
voter base across the country it also
aims to gather a majority in the Punjab
the PPP's influence has largely been
limited to the relatively smaller Sindh
province
it has struggled to retain its influence
in the rest of the country in 2008 it
was able to garner 30% of the vote bank
whereas in 2013 its whole bank was only
8 percent the DPD is widely credited for
introducing populist politics in
Pakistan however led by slain Benazir
Bhutto's young son bilawal Bhutto
Zardari the party's main election slogan
remains centered on the sacrifices made
by the football hungry for Pakistani
democracy
in a country where the media military
and politicians are at crossroads with
each other they are reservations about
these elections being free and fair odd
case for me is sight puritjarra judicial
proceedings for menu plate carne main
wall where the Human Rights Commission
of Pakistan has also stated its concern
over the outcome of these elections
