tough words directed at the Iraqi
government the Iraqi Observatory for
Human Rights says Iraq has arrested
hundreds of protesters in a bid to
crackdown on demonstrations in the south
there is a wide scale security campaign
in search of the activists who took part
in the demonstrations in Baghdad and the
other governorates while Human Rights
Watch says his uncovered evidence that
Iraq's National Security Service has
been holding detainees from the war
against ISIL something it had previously
denied Human Rights Watch discovered 427
detainees in a facility in Mosul run by
the National Security Service the
Security Service then issued
contradictory statements first saying it
didn't hold detainees and then insisting
that it had the rights to do so - which
Human Rights Watch said Baghdad needs to
publicly clarify which authorities have
the right to hold and interrogate
detainees human rights organizations
here say that abuse is a commonplace all
of these detainees are held on evidence
from informants and detention centers
are on the outskirts of cities aren't
allowed to be visited by NGOs and
therefore I believe it's not detention
it's state-sponsored kidnapping with
protests ongoing there is concern from
human rights groups that more people
will be detained illegally and held
without charge the government here says
that anybody detained is entitled to due
process under the law imran khan al
jazeera baghdad
