helicopters in these parts are the
lifeline for small Inuit communities
they provide all services especially in
times of crisis below thousands of
icebergs the result of the outflow of
nearby glasses draining the Greenland
ice sheet then the iceberg in question
it is huge a hundred metres high 300
wide behind it you can make out the
settlement of in our suit sprawled up a
hillside on the ground a community of
around a hundred and seventy people
there are families there are children
their bread is on the waters they fish
and hunt and they used to icebergs
drifting by but never this close and
never this big Joran any example
normally icebergs are not that high
they're low and wide well this one is
very high which made it frightening this
video shows chunks of ice cascading into
the water causing life-threatening waves
to crash into the shoreline several
homes had to be evacuated
there was concern for the villages power
generator and fuel tanks and boats were
dragged up the hillside we made her out
towards the iceberg it has now shifted
away from the harbor entrance not as
dangerous as it was but still presenting
a threat it could carve at any time
fishermen canoed Ellison has never seen
a Berg this big so close I don't I don't
did it get on it actually came pretty
fast in front of the village they saw
the danger and so they evacuated some
houses and prepared for what could
happen then there was a big wind and it
blew it outside here it's hoped the
iceberg will now slowly head out to sea
nudged along by wind and current
evacuated residents are back in their
homes life is beginning to return to
normal making the most of the short
summer a quiet time for the dogs ahead
of a winter of sledge pulling they think
about how dangerous it is to be here
when there's the big icebergs in front
of them and
and they cannot really sleep because
they're kind of expecting that it's
going to calve in a minute or in an hour
so of course they are like they cannot
really rest but they won't change their
lives for nothing and they want to stay
here because of the fishing
opportunities and hunting opportunities
all year round so what to make of all
this well there's no way that you can
attribute this iceberg to climate change
specifically but there's no doubt that
there's a growing incidence of iceberg
production here in Greenland over the
last 100 years and occurrences and
threats like this one may continue as
time goes on and add to that the
changing sea ice conditions these
communities are witnessing it is very
apparent that things are shifting here
in the Arctic where global temperature
change is more keenly felt than anywhere
else on earth
Nick Clark al Jazeera in a suit
Greenland
