can government leaders withstand the
heat in Iraq
it's another sum of discontent as
violent protests in the South spread
north all the way to the capital Baghdad
what's fueling the anger this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hoshi mahabhava security has been
tightened in Baghdad and southern Iraq
because more anti-government protests
are expected several Iraqis have already
been killed protesting against frequent
electricity cuts clean water shortages
and lack of job opportunities security
forces fire tear gas and water cannon
have struggled to quell the anger the
latest protests first began in the
southern city of Basra where roads
leading to the seaports and oil fields
were blocked and the offices of
political parties torched the arrests
soon spread north - nahariya and Najaf
van Jeolla province and the capital but
that despite the deployment of extra
security personnel Emre Han has more
from the capital but that a number of
key religious political and military
leaders have thrown their support behind
the protest movement ha de la Marie
who's one of the leaders of the Shia
militias the popular mobilization forces
has said the protesters demands must be
respected muqtada al-sadr whose
political bloc won big in the May 12th
elections has also weighed in saying
that no government should be formed
until the protesters demands are met now
it's easy for those leaders to be able
to throw their support behind the
protest movement because they draw a lot
of support from the south where the
protest movement is based so they're
playing effectively to the gallery there
however the government is listening it's
understanding that it does need to
address these demands from the
protesters in the last few days they've
sent a high level energy delegation to
Saudi Arabia to negotiate with Saudi
Arabia to try and get electricity into
the south this whole crisis was sparked
when Iran stopped supplying electricity
to the south because it was old a
billion and a half dollars in unpaid
bill Danaus in unpaid bills so now Saudi
Arabia is a regional rival and has long
been concerned about Iran's role in Iraq
so they likely to use this to try and
gain some political leverage here
in Iraq the protesters have issued 14
demands to the government and they're
giving the government some time to be
able to address those 14 demands and
come up with some short-term solutions
so although we may well see a way out of
this crisis it will be short term unless
there is some very long-term thinking
that goes on and addresses the root
causes of what the protesters demands
are remember it's effectively just two
things energy supply into the south and
economic reforms and an end to
corruption and jobs for local people
imran khan al jazeera the inside story
in Baghdad Iraq has major economic
problems despite having the world's
fifth largest oil reserves foreign
companies dominate the oil industry the
government promised to restore economic
stability after last year's defeat of
ISIL but many blame the government for
corruption and not doing enough to
prevent the disappearance of billions of
dollars much of Iraq's electricity
supply especially in southern parts
comes from Iran but after suffering
power shortages of their own Iran
reduced Iraq supply causing frequent
power blackouts and outage in Iraqi
homes let's bring in our panel in Baden
Hamid rush the senior foreign policy
adviser for the Speaker of the Iraqi
parliament in Cambridge Renaud Manso a
fellow in the Middle East and North
Africa program at the british-based
think-tank Chatham House and in Tehran
Hamid Moussaoui a professor of political
science at Tehran University welcome to
you all
Hamid some are discontent over
electricity Shorter's this is not
something new in Iraq I mean but what's
particular about this time well this
time is different
previously sham there were so many
demonstration in previous years talking
about or less mainly about services
electricity water and employment and so
on and at the same time there were some
sort of solutions that the government
actually made previously which is not
actually it looks like actually it's not
- it's not capable of solve the whole
problem
now we have a new thing in this
demonstration is that not only people
blaming the government but also people
blaming the political parties that are
responsible to make the government who
are participating in elections has MPs
inside the Parliament now this let's say
this new thing pushes to to understand
how much the people actually get get fed
from from all those processes from all
the political processes that starting
from let's say for for about 14 years
the problem is that we don't have until
now a real reform inside the political
process that it will manage Iraq crisis
yes we fought - we defeated the Irish we
made a victory against - that's because
all Iraqi people Sunni Shia and Kurds
convinced convinced that our first enemy
is - but now the problem is that but
with the boycott that happened in the
elections which means that people
actually get fed from the political
process they will not engage with any
elections anymore and at the same time
they are looking for good services to
push them to what the real political
process that it's supposed to be happen
before we get into the domestic politics
Rijn and we're talking about people
grappling with how to get electricity on
a daily basis in what is supposed to be
one of the richest nations on earth they
generate something like 260 million
dollars every day from oil what's the
problem here this is the sort of the sad
irony of it and particularly in a city
and province like Basra where you know
Iraqis from Basra is from the area know
that they're sitting on most of the
wealth and they can see the
international companies coming they can
see how much their leaders their own
leaders that doesn't mean if they're
Shia Sunni record or other all of the
leaders have become very wealthy and
very powerful in this trade that has
never trickled down to the people so
then the fault line is becoming the gap
between the sort of the elite and the
citizens and the citizens are asking why
is it that we sit on so much wealth and
we don't have basic services
and this is a call that's been happening
for some time now I mean since the
summer of 2015 this movement has
continued and it's growing stronger and
stronger and it's not interested in
leader-like changes or you know symbolic
changes in leadership what it's
interested in is systemic reform they
want to change the system that was built
15 years ago
mm-hmm hamid iran has been providing
electricity for areas like Basra in
particular but this time they decided to
cut off the electricity is it because
the Iraqis are not paying the bills
is it because Iran is facing his own
problems or is it politically motivated
right now Iran is actually experiencing
a very extreme energy shortage
electricity shortage so the reason Iran
has cut off that power supply has been
because of its own domestic problems we
have to remember that from Iran's
perspective instability in Iraq is
actually very bad for Iran first of all
it can spread to Iran southern provinces
and also the political parties that have
been running Iraq in the past few years
have been very close to Iran so
instability is definitely bad for Iran
nevertheless I think if the summer is
over then Iran will be able to again
provide electricity to Iraq southern
provinces Hamid we're talking about
Basra the focal point of the protest
movement where which accounts for about
80 percent of Iraq's oil exports but
people are saying we are poor we are
discriminated against who should get
this message into account is it the
political establishment who in
particular well it has three levels you
sure it has the domestic level let's say
the local level which Basra actually
suffering from is that there is a huge
conflict between the political parties
there in Basra and also let us not
forget corruption what's the one of the
suffer from high as the highest
corruption in Iraq so you can imagine
how much people actually seeing not only
the the oil barrel but but also the
seaport that that's already has so many
so many work for the political parties
and there is no real jobs to the to the
Basra people the second level is
actually the political level or let's
say the central political level which
means that even the central government
which is made by the political parties
didn't manage not only to fight
corruption but also they didn't manage
to have the real services to be
implanted to the to the civilians at the
same time where the government saying
that we made so many project we made so
many infrastructure project we paid a
huge amount of money about it the third
level is actually the regional level
which means that we are talking about
Iran we're talking about Saudi Arabia
okay so we are talking about the United
States and so on mm-hmm are we not I
mean it's very simple if your country
faces power shortages or power crisis
basically it has two options
let's take Iraq as a case they have oil
they can use that to generate
electricity or they can harness the
power of the Sun they have two options
it's easy and they have cash they can
tap into those resources and solve the
problem why is this becoming something
over an endemic case in Iraq to put it
frankly the system is broken I mean if
you think of how much money how much
investment has gone inside of Iraq and
then Iraq has made off of oil and energy
since 2003 we're talking hundreds of
billions you know we're talking about a
lot of money and yet that doesn't
trickle down to the people and this is
as I say the the irony of it all and the
people see this just because you have
the resource doesn't mean that that
resource can be used efficiently it's a
systemic problem the government the way
the state has been built in 2003 has
been unable to respond to the basic
needs of the citizens simply changing
individuals here and there isn't going
to change this structural problem it's
an endemic problem that's becoming
entrenched which is even you know a
concern for the citizens
Hamid there was a quite an interesting
moment during the protests in Basra
where Iraq II started
chant anti-iran slogans burning some of
the photos of the top leadership of Iran
how was that message perceived by the
Iranian Authority well I mean it's very
clear that within Iran there are
differences and divisions I mean some
groups strongly support Iran others see
perhaps Iran as a source of the problem
nevertheless I would say that perhaps it
is the inefficiency of the own Iraqi
government rather than outside influence
that is to blame for these issues by the
way Hamid of course I'm sorry they do
you want sorry to interrupt you there
we're not talking about any other place
it but Basra which is predominantly Shia
which considers itself to be some sort
of religiously connected with Iran so
that could be something quite
interesting yes and I mean in I mean we
experienced that during the elections as
well so just because some areas of Iraq
are Shia doesn't necessarily mean that
they are pro Iranian in fact most a dog
solder which has actually gained a lot
of seats in the current elections he has
been quite critical of Iran so
nevertheless this is why I'm saying
these kinds of instabilities are bad for
Iran at the same time I think at the end
of the day the only government that can
solve these issues is the Iraqi
government Iran can help of course but
it's them that have to solve it also we
have to remember that Iraq had been
battling and struggling with Isis for a
very long time and they were only
officially defeated in December so it's
only been eight months and I think we
have to give more time with the Iraqi
government to hopefully fix things
Iraq is currently run by a caretaker
government as both are being recounted
following disputed election results so
who are the power brokers Shia cleric
moqtada al-sadr confirmed his influence
when his aron block won Mays election
but failed to win a majority but he
didn't put himself forward as prime
minister he's well-known for his
nationalism and a
time opponent opponent of both Iranian
and US influence current prime minister
is haider al-abadi he declared victory
over ISIL last year but has not been
able to deliver on his promises of peace
and stability and his influence is
thought to be dwindling had yella Mary
and the al-fatiha party came second in
the election two months ago he's known
to have close ties with Iran where he
lived in exile for 20 years and headed a
coalition of armed groups against ISIL
emily has tried to translate this
success on the battlefield into
political influence finally Nouri
al-maliki served as Iraq's Prime
Minister for 10 years from 2006 he is
known for his strong ties with the u.s.
and Iran as well as his continual
influence in the balance of power has
been accused of corruption as well as
failure to prevent the rise of ISIL
which ultimately led to his Austin as
Prime Minister I met many people seem to
be saying that perhaps it's Makka the
solder who is triggering the unrest now
in Iraq to advance his own political
agenda what do you think about this well
at the end in the demonstration honestly
speaking the end of in the beginning it
was no no it was spontaneous people get
outside their houses because there is no
electricity there is no water so at in
the beginning it was normal that people
actually suffering from all those errors
that made by the Iraqi government in way
or another the most important thing is
that what's happened after that is that
how how one who can get benefit from all
those demonstrations and there were
attacks then there were attacks on
political parties headquarters in many
governorates and it looks like that
actually people not not only blaming
Hyderabadi they're also blaming alpha
their hope over and in state of law at
the same time which means that they are
already blaming the one who won and and
also the one who has already previously
have some sort of a power authority
inside the Iraqi government in way or
another and also the Assad also have
been
so it'd show you that at the end the
pressure is on the on this caretaking
government on high dollar body on the
previous Parliament which has majority
from let's say 70 MPs belongs to state
of law to Maliki and also the presence
now of further hand better and so on so
you can imagine how much this pressure
actually made a progress in a way
another to talk about how can I speak to
my opponents in a way to solve the
problem okay
which I think nowaday there are talking
about medicine muqtada said said okay
okay guys let's stop let's stop talking
about the government please give the
services for the people then we're going
to talk about the governor okay and it's
a clever movement because at the end we
need about let's say two months until
we're gonna see two months or maybe
three months until we can see a new
government a new Parliament renaud many
had high hopes that after the 2008 to
2018 elections we might see an anti
identity politics in Iraq now with this
protest movement do you have any
concerns that the identity politics
sectarianism could come back in full
swing more than any time before well
first of all I think it's important to
sort of raise a question Iraqis want
change and they're asking how can we
change the system and what they're
realizing is that identity politics
isn't the way to change the system
they're also realizing that elections
aren't the way to change the system
because again quite frankly even though
there was an election even though every
politician promised change eventually in
the government formation process that's
ongoing today it looks like the same
leaders are gonna come together they're
gonna compromise and they're gonna split
the national pie as they say so what
Iraqis are seeing really is there's no
real way to institutionally bring about
change now to answer the question about
identity politics I think it's important
to kind of have a nuance here which is
what you're seeing on the ground is in
Basra the Shia are protesting against
their own Shia leaders in Kurdistan in
Slavonia for example the Kurds are
protesting against their own Kurdish
leaders so because areas like Baghdad
like Basra likes Lamar Nia
haven't seen like acute violence for
several years now because the sort of
stability in terms of just security is
improving they're beginning to ask more
from their leaders and their leaders can
no longer just gain legitimacy by using
ethno sectarian discourse they're gonna
have to start promising things that
people are expecting more so that's what
we mean by sort of this kind of move
away from identity politics but
unfortunately the way the system is
structured under the guise of
inclusivity means that you have to have
identities so it's actually the system
and elections that are reinforcing
identity is when the people are trying
to move past that I see your point Hamid
is there any concern among the political
establishment in Iran that if the
movement crosses the Rubicon it could
lead to a new political system in Iraq
and Iraq has had strong relationship
with Iran over the last few years I mean
definitely Iraq is a major strategic
concern for Iran and I would say the
most important issue for Iran is the
influence of Saudi Arabia and the United
States within Iraq and issues and
protests such as what we are witnessing
right now actually creates a window of
opportunity for countries such as Saudi
Arabia to expand their influence in Iraq
and that is in fact very worrying for
Iran and I think that is why Iran has
been very helpful towards the Iraqi
government in overcoming these
challenges I mean we all remember that
Iran was the first country to help Iraq
in defeating ISIL nevertheless what we
are witnessing right now is very
difficult for Iran to help the Iraqi
government just because as I mentioned
Iran is experiencing its own very severe
power shortages so definitely Iraq is a
major strategic concern for Iran hamid
we've seen what others are saying that
we need to stay away from forming a
government give it give it more time to
solve this political problem do the
political elite a model hockey motor the
southern armory
al-maliki feel that this could be the
beginning of the end and the beginning
of a new chapter in Iraq well it's a new
chapter if there will be a real change
inside the political process it's not
only speaking in front of the people
it's not only talking we need some sort
of for work we needed some sort of a
change real change inside the whole
system inside the political system and
most importantly inside our economical
system and we all know that our
economical laws is depending on
socialism before 2003 until now didn't
change until now so we cannot make any
progress without changing those loads
making a new laws to have some sort of
opening market to have some sort of of a
deal with the West or the international
community that Iraq is some sort of
strategic alliance a strategic
economical allies and so on so it's not
only talking and and the the problem is
that Iraqis will not forgive anyone if
the situation will still on this on this
level of no electricity no water
unemployment and so on and all those
problems actually was was actually
covered by the presence of the Irish now
there is no damage it's supposed to be
defeated they are all that they are all
become some sort of a gangs in caves and
and mountains and so on so we need to
see actually what's going to happen out
there that because we all know also that
the destroyed cities until now didn't
rebuild so and we all know also there
are sleeping cells of there is they're
going to say to the people okay okay
guys you substitute us with whom with
the action that happened to your houses
and homes and governorates that's
opposed I would like also to talk about
with Renaud
mr. Manso the World Bank has been saying
basically that the macroeconomic outlook
of Europe should be good in the coming
years particularly with the defeat of
ISIL oil now is has been in the increase
for quite some time would Iraq be able
to rebuild the country and serve the
demands of the people with the same
mentality which has been prevailing for
some time poor governors embezzlement of
public funds and incredible corruption
that we've been seeing
across all the levels of the political
elite yes that's a good question I mean
I wouldn't call this socialism I'd call
this kleptocracy very clearly the system
of the culture of kickbacks and the
corruption and the system that's been
unable to trickle down to the citizens
continues to exist and you can continue
to put money into the system you can
continue to sell oil you can have oil at
100 you can have all 150 that doesn't
mean that more money will go to the to
the citizens because the system as you
say is the problem and many people say
oil itself is a curse and actually
having so much money empowers the elite
rather than convincing the convincing
the elite to change the system for it to
trickle down so I know the World Bank I
know the IMF and many of the
international organizations are very
concerned with the sort of system in
Iraq and the economic system in Iraq and
in many of the provinces at the local
and central government level so it's
really hard to say as I say the word
reconstruction has been used in Iraq
since 2003 Hamid very briefly please
should Iran be also very concerned if
its top allies in Iraq are facing huge
problems they're seen as very unpopular
among their own people yes I mean I
think it's very concerning for Iran but
I think it should also be a concern for
other players as well from Iran's
perspective the fall of these
bureaucrats as corrupt as they may be
would lead to the rise of extremist
groups such as ISIL and I think that can
have major consequences both for Iran in
the region if it happens unfortunate
thank you thank you very much indeed I'm
at the Rushdie renard Manso Hamid Muslim
we really appreciate your conversation
thank you very much indeed and thank you
too for watching you can see that
program again any time by visiting our
website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
insight sorry you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story for me hashem i have the
whole team here bye for now
