this is an illustration that I drew for
the New York Times they called me up the
day after I was fired and said they
would like me to write a piece about the
firing and also to do an illustration
for it so it was kind of funny working
with them because they were they were
less worried about the the writing than
they were about the the image so they
wanted me to send them three sketches
and suddenly I felt like I was working
for my editor again you know but it was
it was nice they they picked the one
that shows sort of a publisher's arm
coming in or some corporate arm coming
in and and erasing the drawing of Trump
and it does pretty much sum up without
very many words what it felt like to
work under the under the management of
the post cos at the last three months so
this cartoon was drawn about a special
election between Connor Lam and Rick
Ciccone and it was the the whole
election was supposed to be a referendum
ever and among Trump in a district where
Trump had won by 20 points and in the
end
Connor Lam did win so it was a big it
was a big deal but but this was before
the election it was supposed to run the
Sunday before the election and they
killed it because because ciccone during
his advertising campaign he said I was
Trump before Trump was Trump and then I
put all these the asterisk here with all
of the things that Trump had done you
know saying saying that you know
yes he's Trump but he didn't have all
the serial lies the chaos the xenophobia
the misogyny and the porn star so they
they didn't like all of these references
to to the President and so you know they
killed it the next the next cartoon this
was this was about the stormy Daniel
situation and and I I felt that this
cartoon was
a very tasteful way to do something
about about the stormy Daniel situation
which some could look at and say is a
very lurid topic and I just drew a a
storm cloud labeled stormy Daniels and
Trump is under it with an umbrella and
he's he sort of he's saying I've never
seen that cloud before but it better not
break our non precipitation agreement
and I also thought the non precipitation
was a funny gag this cartoon was drawn
during the time when Austin was going
through the bombings
that were happening and the FBI had been
instrumental and helping out down there
to figure out who was doing the bombings
and you know keeping people safe and so
I drew a woman saying you're
surprisingly brave for a crooked
henchmen of the deep state which is
which is what Donald Trump was was was
talking about and what some of the news
stations were talking about this deep
state that exists including the FBI and
the CIA and so I just felt like it was a
way to point out the ridiculous nature
of that conspiracy theory and and I'm
not exactly sure why they killed it
except that except that I'm referencing
something that Trump talked about this
deep stay this cartoon I really like the
drawing on this cartoon because I just
liked showing a showing Trump who is who
sort of a blobby mass anyway when you
see him and just show him even blobby
err and and and melting away but but
also you know I grew up watching The
Wizard of Oz it's one of my favorite
movies so so it was fun to kind of make
that parallel here and of course Trump
was the one that was calling this a
witch hunt forever and ever and and this
was the one-year anniversary of
Mueller's investigation so he tweeted
out about how you know he did he did
tweet out something similar
congratulations were we're now in the
second year of the greatest witch hunt
in American history and then I added
what a world what a world which is what
the Wicked Witch says that she's melting
and and I thought it was a fun way to
address sort of the ridiculous nature of
Trump's resistance to this whole Mueller
investigate
and calling it a witch-hunt and and they
just didn't like it they said that you
know they tried to insult the cartoon
and say that it was a dated reference
and and that that it wasn't a good
cartoon so but the readers liked it and
I got a lot of good response from it so
I kind of think they just didn't like
the content so this cartoon I drew right
after the NFL made the statement that
they were going to have all of the
players stand during the national anthem
and they had it at all all the all the
teams had agreed to this and and I felt
that it was you know I thought that it
was just you know they were distorting
the whole reason for the kneeling for
Colin Kaepernick you know which was
basically about saying we need to value
black lives and young black men who are
being shot and and that's an important
thing and and I think that you know
Trump helped distort this issue by some
of his tweets and by saying you know
that they were unpatriotic and that they
were hurting the troops somehow so so I
figured I would do these new NFL
penalties you have illegal use of free
speech flagrant disrespect for the
troops and then prompting unnecessary
roughage from Trump all penalties now
under the NFL I think because of this
last this last part they just didn't
like that it was a true statement about
Trump that and they decided that that
wasn't going to run this was the second
one this was supposed to run the Sunday
before Memorial Day and you know Trump
in his usual way had been had been
telling lies that at every turn so I
decided that that rather than be putting
the wreath on the tomb of the unknown I
figured he could be putting it on the
tomb of the known which is the things
that he's been doing which is lying and
all the rest so I have truth honor and
rule of law and he's and he's putting
the the wreath and the r.i.p on that
because we've lost all of that
and during his presidency now I know
it's a very hard-hitting image and I
know that it would be running the day
before Memorial Day which is a very
sacred day for for observing you know
the loved ones who have passed
especially those in the service and and
so I kind of I kind of had an inkling
that they might not like this one but
but I still thought they might run it
because it's a I think it's a very
strong cartoon so this is another
cartoon that involves the NFL but it
also references the Starbucks issue
where they where they called the police
on the on the on the the two African
Americans who are having coffee or who
weren't buying anything but who were in
the store and it became a big issue and
so they decided to have a day where they
would close the store and have racial
sensitivity training at the same time
the NFL was saying we've decided to not
let you protest based on racial issues
so we're gonna we're gonna be closed for
racial ignorance training and I thought
it was a very good comparison it made
the point that I wanted to make and it
didn't involve Trump at all I mean but
because the NFL and and you know because
because Trump had been involved in that
whole NFL thing and he had sort of
inserted himself into that story I think
this this created a problem for for my
for my publisher now the other thing
that that I've started to notice is that
if you look at some of these cartoons
that have been killed they're not all
about Trump there are some that are
about racism and I feel like maybe I was
touching a nerve that that they were
uncomfortable with they had just run an
editorial in January that defended
Trump's racist comments about those
countries those blank whole countries
and and I think that they got a lot of
flack for that they had media
organizations all over the country you
know denouncing what they wrote but I
think they were trying to defend it so I
think in some ways they were very
sensitive to two issues where that
called out people for racial
insensitivity
so it's important to think about this
was the second cartoon that I drew this
day the first cartoon is one of the
sketches that you'll see inside and and
this was my second idea about the
Roseanne incident and and after they
killed the first idea I thought okay
well this was this was about her her
comments about maybe it was the ambien
that made me say these crazy things and
so I I just imagined in my mind you know
that's this this funny image of a
Klansman sitting in the doctor's office
and and imagining him saying well MIT
could it be the ambien you know that
made me racist I thought I thought
that's funny there's no reference to
Trump it's just taking this this issue
of Roseanne and boiling it down to
something that I think is a comment on
where racist beliefs come from how we
excuse them away sometimes as either as
either just joking around or oh that was
me because I was I was you know too
tired or I was on ambien or something
else and so I wanted to kind of point
out the the ludicrous nature of that
excuse and originally the the the editor
said oh of the editorial director said
okay we're gonna run this after he
killed the first idea and then it was on
the page it was ready to be printed and
the publisher decided after after I had
already sort of you know going on to do
other things he had decided to sub it
for another syndicated well actually for
the he decided to use another Roseanne
cartoon in its place one that was drawn
by the Toledo cartoonist our sister
paper and he said he liked it better so
he so he subbed it out and and there was
no reason to do that I don't understand
why he did it
I think this cartoon was better than the
one he put in so this was the final
cartoon that was killed during that week
and this was when Trump had decided to
pardon you know Martha Stewart
along with some of the other pardons he
had made already like Sheriff Arpaio I
just felt like he was he was just sort
of pardoning everybody just to make a
point you know just to say hey I can do
this I'm the president you know I can I
can do this and so I also think he was
trying to send Trump was trying to send
a message to people like Flynn and Manta
fort and an even Cohen possibly that hey
I can pardon you guys so I decided it
sort of was like a bakery or a butcher
shop where you take a number you know
and I so I made it take a pardon and
again this is a cartoon that that I
don't think is out of bounds at all I
don't think it's overly harsh to Trump
but I think the fact that it was it was
one of many that they killed that week
they just decided no and so they this
was the final one they killed in that
six in a row this was the second to the
last cartoon I drew that week and and I
had to draw this one pretty fast because
I had spent the morning composing an
email to my publisher and my editor
saying hey what's up why are you guys
killing all these cartoons in a row I'm
doing my job
I've been here 25 years and so I I spent
so much time working on that letter that
I suddenly realized oh my gosh it's
getting late in the day and I have to I
have to draw a cartoon so I came up with
this one really fast because this was
the big story of the day was they were
they were separating children from their
families at the border and I and I
remember seeing these Caltrans signs in
California and the other border and so I
I decided to use that as an image and
usually in the in the original image on
the sign there the the child is holding
the the mother's hand as they're running
and I decided well in this case Trump is
reaching in and pulling the child away
from the family so that would make a
better sign because it is still a
caution sign and you still want to warn
people about this so I thought well this
is the new warning that that everybody
needs to see and actually this cartoon
ended up going viral
and it it ended up being used for
posters for people who are protesting
the immigration issue and the way they
were treating these families and it was
even projected on the side of the
Federal Building in San Francisco and it
just went crazy on the internet so so
this was probably the most popular
cartoon and it did it did it made the
round so much that people started to
signify that maybe this was the cartoon
that got me fired even though it wasn't
one cartoon it was it was sort of the
culmination of everything but but this
became known as the cartoon that got me
fired which is fine I mean I I love this
cartoon so I'm fine with that
