in Salt Lake City Utah against a
backdrop of beautiful local scenery and
national political turmoil the Green
Party is holding its annual national
meeting these left-leaning green
candidates are hoping to capitalize on
American voters frustration with an
increasingly polarized two-party system
and make a mark in the upcoming midterm
elections I'm here to represent a better
way forward I'm here to represent
policies built on empathy built on the
idea that the things that we do to our
have impact all of us green sites
studies that show 60 percent of
Americans want a third party option
whether it's protecting the environment
social justice or immigration the Greens
insists that they not Democrats are the
truly progressive party and unlike
Democrats and Republicans they are free
from the influence of corporate money
Jill Stein ran for president on the
Green Party ticket in 2016
she got less than one percent of the
vote nationwide but some Democrats blame
her for Hillary Clinton's loss they
accuse Stein of siphoning Democratic
votes in states like Michigan and
Wisconsin that Clinton narrowly lost to
Donald Trump
many believe greens would have more
impact if they worked with Democrats to
unite under the banner of the Democratic
Party to essentially fight for the soul
of the Democratic Party I think is a
smart strategy for people on the Left
who need a place not only where they can
feel at home but where they could more
importantly where they can have an
effect on our country right now
Shereen Gurbani agrees she shares a lot
of the greens frustrations hi but
decided to run for Congress as a
Democrat I think third party politics
has risen to give people that sort of
sense that they could have a voice
unfortunately as the system works we're
gonna have more success if we can get in
line behind one of these two major
parties and really start talking about
the issues that matter to everyday
people but the Greens say Democrats
aren't doing enough the Democrats have
traditionally not been able to stand up
they've offered no solutions and in fact
being also corporate
backed they will always choose their
corporate donors and the elite over what
the people in the planet need there may
be small in numbers but greens are fired
up setting their sights on the midterm
elections hoping to change not only the
direction of American policy but the
election system itself
Kristin Shalini al-jazeera Salt Lake
City Utah
