these are the young faces of those
displaced in their own country there's
some of the 35,000 families who've been
forced to leave their homes in hada the
heat is relentless electricity blackouts
are common food water and medication
Oscars the risk of falling ill with
cholera is extremely high there are
about 250 families living here and it's
increasing by the day we are calling on
the local authorities and international
community to support and help us
Salim Hamid became a refugee two weeks
ago when he escaped the heavy fighting
in Haddad ah between the saudi-led
coalition and Houthi rebels
we have many burdens breakfast is bread
with beans dinner is bread with yogurt
we're suffering the food is not enough
cost of transportation is so high we
can't even afford to go to the nearby
market Hamad who says he witnessed his
neighbor's children kidnapped adds that
many more family members are also trying
to leave ha Dada but can't I'm asking
human rights organizations to help
Yemenis it's a miserable situation we
asked the north of Yemen to also take
care of us many of us don't have a place
to sleep there are not enough camps so
how can we receive more people here the
world's largest humanitarian crisis just
got worse in June with saudi-led
military action to take control of her
Dada intensified it sport is the most
important in Yemen a lifeline to a
country where almost 8.5 million people
are on the verge of starvation thanks to
the generosity of a local in the
province of lat
Hamad and his family are safe in these
makeshift camps for now but with no end
in sight to the war it's not clear when
they'll be able to return home if ever
so I'd a higher at Al Jazeera
