it's official Israel is a state
exclusively for Jews that's the essence
of the controversial nation state bill
passed by the Knesset on Thursday after
hours of heated debate the measure
became law by a vote of 60 to 255 with
two abstentions three years the language
of the bill divided political opinion
between the ruling parties and the
opposition Arab members of the Knesset
say the law legalizes discrimination
this is a bill from a government that is
an enemy to Palestinians it's the most
dangerous measure it's a law from a
racist government against Palestinian
rights and it creates an apartheid
regime
it turns Israel into a fascist state the
most controversial clause in the bill a
provision calling for Jewish only
communities was replaced at the last
minute the original legislation would
have allowed the state to establish
separate communities on the basis of
religion and nationality
the replacement provision says the state
cease developing Jewish settlement as a
national interest and will take steps to
encourage advance and implement this
interest illegal settlements for Jews
are already being built in breach of
international law and UN demands and
other controversies the status of the
Arabic language the new law says Hebrew
there will be Israel's only official
language demoting Arabic - second the
Deputy Attorney General says the law
also allows the construction of
synagogues and ritual baths but not
mosques the Israeli president says the
legislation could harm Jewish people and
Israel's enemies could use it as a
weapon
protectors against the new law marched
through Tel Aviv on Saturday
yamaganda laughing Feliz laulima
thousands of Israelis came today to
protest against the nation state law
which is a racist and fascist law that
is trying to turn Israel from a
democracy into something else therefore
we are here to block this drift towards
dictatorship and fascism yeah okay I
came today to say that the Arab citizens
of Israel are not inferior the nation
state law will discriminate against them
as the Israeli government has been doing
for many years
Arabic is an official language and they
deserve equal rights the government led
by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
insists that it's important to establish
that Israel is the historical homeland
of the Jewish people who have the sole
right to national self-determination
Palestinians see the law as legitimizing
apartheid on DaSilva al Jazeera
