it's been almost four months since
protesters in Gaza started flying kites
carrying petrol bombs and burning rags
over the border fence towards Israel the
Israeli government says they've set fire
to many hectares of land destroying
millions of dollars worth of crops this
protester insisted we hide his identity
he's a member of a group calling itself
the sons of zawari it's named after the
man who helped Hamas acquire drone
technology and was assassinated in
Tunisia in 2016 we will not stop
launching the balloons into kites until
Israel lifts a siege the ball is in
Israel's court we don't decide whether
there is a war on us we are not afraid
we have suffered in a war against us
every day since Israel started the
blockade 12 years ago Israel responded
to the kite and balloon flying protests
over the weekend by targeting dozens of
Hamas positions the attacks were seen as
the worst escalation of violence between
Hamas and Israel since their war four
years ago the sons of zawari described
themselves as a loose organization with
around a hundred members now Hamas says
that the use of Gaza have every right to
protest in a way that it describes as
non-violence until Israel lifts the
siege a Hamas spokesman told us the
protests will continue despite Israeli
media reports of a large military
operation being planned to stop them oh
well and firstly these kites and
balloons are a peaceful form of protest
they're used by protesters including
young people they have the right to use
all kinds of peaceful resistance along
the border to demand the lifting of
Israel's siege at least 1,500 civilians
including 500 children were killed in
Gaza during the 2014 war but protesters
like this man whose action is supported
by Hamas and other armed factions in
Gaza say they won't stop despite
Israel's military threat
chants trafford al Jazeera Gaza
