100 years on Russia's faithful still
mark the date and in this centenary year
the crowds in the Ekaterinburg were
especially large first a communion at
the church on the blood standing at the
site of the Romanovs execution then a 21
kilometer procession to where the bodies
were first buried for these worshipers
Russia's last Tsar is a martyr he's an
example of a highly spiritual man noble
who suffers through all of this but
remained a real human nothing broke him
down as Russia's Revolution descended
into a chaotic civil war the captive
imperial family were moved from sim
Petersburg to central Russia on the
night of July the 16th 1918 they were
woken by Bolshevik guards led down to a
cellar and were shot and bayonetted to
death for much of the Soviet period
discussion of the Romanovs was forbidden
now multimedia projects like this from a
state broadcaster and the federal
archive for publishing rare personal
photos but the ultimate fate of the 300
year dynasty that turned Russia from a
fragmented Northern European back water
into a pan continental Empire still
brings up disagreements internal rifts
mean the Russian Orthodox Church is
still reluctant to recognize as
authentic what forensic experts have
long believed to be the Romano's remains
canonized in 2000 the Tsar and his
family are now Saints and symbols the
church uses to preach the conservatism
and self-reliance it wants Russia to
adhere to no promises of a new happy
life or support from outside allegedly
by more educated advanced people must
tempt our people but while the States
has venerated other Russian princes and
emperors recently as symbols of a strong
and resilient Russia analyst maria
lipman says this last Tsar is an
the reason for that maybe that nicholas
ii is not an achiever he's a failure
he lost his empire he lost his family
lost his life old russia was no more so
- putin he is not an especially
attractive or appropriate hero
disagreement over the Romanovs is one of
the many examples of the difficulty
Russia has in reconciling with his
bloody past War II talons how does era
Moscow
