a step towards a brighter future that's
Donald Trump's assessment of his summit
with Vladimir Putin in Helsinki but he
faces strong criticism over his stance
on election meddling what will be this
summits legacy and is there a new world
order being formed this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
i'm laura kyle direct open and deeply
productive dialogue that's how US
President Donald Trump described his
controversial summit with the Russian
leader Vladimir Putin the two men said
they touched on a wide range of
international and regional issues during
their private meeting in Helsinki on
Monday but one particular topic has
overshadowed the talks Russia's meddling
in the 2016 US presidential election
which has been confirmed by the US
intelligence community and Congress will
begin our discussion in just a moment
but first is a diplomatic editor James
BAE's in Helsinki face to face ahead of
a solo meeting a meeting that lasted
over two and a half hours but if you
were hoping they would solve any of the
world's problems you'll be sorely
disappointed
instead when they spoke to reporters
their comments were dominated by their
views on the most toxic political issue
in the u.s. an issue that just got more
controversial as they seemed mainly to
agree on it during today's meeting I
addressed directly with President Putin
the issue of Russian interference in our
elections I felt this was a message best
delivered in person spent a great deal
of time talking about it and President
Putin may very well want to address it
and very strongly because he feels very
strongly about it and here's an
interesting idea Putin then explained
that idea he could get Russian
authorities to interview the 12 hackers
even though the allegation is they were
working on behalf of those same
authorities or he said they could set up
a joint u.s. Russian investigation team
with one condition no solution with
woundn't this kind of efforts should be
a mutual one then we would expect that
the Americans would reciprocate and they
they would questioned officials
including the officers of law
enforcement and intelligence services of
the United States whom we believe who
have something to do with illegal
actions on the territory of Russia
Trump called that an incredible offer he
was then asked a straight question every
US intelligence agency has concluded
that Russia did what who my first
question for you sir is who do you
believe remarkably he answered by
switching to a completely different
subject which is not part of the
investigation Hillary Clinton's emails
what happened to Hillary Clinton's
emails 33,000 emails gone just gone I
think in Russia they wouldn't be gone so
easily 22 months after the election he
still seems determined to reaffirm the
legitimacy of his win I beat Hillary
Clinton easily the Electoral College is
much more advantageous for Democrats as
you know than it is to Republicans we
won the electoral college by a lot one
last question was simple yet important
President Putin did you want president
Trump to win the election yes I did
because he talked about bringing the
us-russia relationship back to normal
I've lost counted the number of times
over the last 18 months that I've
described comments by President Trump as
extraordinary but this what was supposed
to be a summit between the two most
powerful leaders in the world has taken
things to a new level
the president may have been trying to
robustly make his case about the 2016
election but there seems little doubt
that he's only made matters worse for
himself James BAE's al Jazeera Helsinki
well let's introduce our panel now and
joining us from Washington DC Joel Rubin
a former US Deputy Assistant Secretary
of State in Paris Remi Bhutto an
Associate Fellow at the French Institute
of International and strategic affairs
and in Moscow reactor Slav mutters of a
former Russian diplomat a very warm
welcome to all of you
Joel I start with you because this has
been called by people in America the
worst summit in the history of us-russia
relations would you agree with that well
yes I would and I think that's an
understatement
as someone who served in national
security positions for more than a
decade I felt like it was a humiliating
experience to watch the press conference
yesterday the president didn't stand up
for American interests or values he
counted the Vladimir Putin he
essentially through the American
intelligence community under the bus and
said that our intelligence assessments
are not important as long as the person
who committed an attack against our
democracy says he didn't do it so it was
a very depressing moment for those of us
who have worked in national security and
for the American people across party
lines this is a very confusing day for
Americans of yet just have a very strong
reaction that we're getting there from
America humiliating experience Joel says
what's been the reaction there in Russia
well in Russia's they considered that it
was very great step ahead in concerning
Arab our Russian American relationship
first of all the secondly
russian-american relations degradated
below zero last decade so I think that
this meeting demonstrate a new approach
from American side and Russian side for
giving a push back for developing this
bilateral relations in favor of
international law in pharoah world order
in favor of interests of both sides I
can say that meeting
ended by the queen of Putin avenging the
bye-bye-bye tramp because this
achievement is for in in interest of all
humanity I think that in Russia they
look at this not waiting very much from
this meeting concrete deals on Middle
East on Ukraine on any other things any
other regions of the world
but in Russia looking at this event as a
portunity at a door of opportunities
that opened by two presidents how
exactly does this benefit everyone in
the world
well our reaction is positive extremely
positive and it is annoying thing was in
Russian foreign policy is affected by
our position in in the world because of
extremely tense attention in bilateral
relations with the United States role of
the United States in world policy is
obvious for role in economy in politics
and in many other things so I think that
it is a big a big step ahead but not
more there is no deals
there is no agreements there is no some
concrete results of this meeting but
it's not so important the main thing
r√©mi let me come back to you in a moment
let me just move on to Remy on the one
hand we've heard that it's a humiliating
experience for the US on the other hand
a big step ahead and achievement for
Humanity what's your take on it
well Donald Trump's show of defiance has
been seen with some criticism and maybe
some irony on the part of some European
guv
Media commands but more generally does a
willingness among European countries
especially in continental Europe to
somehow a peace tensions with Russia
it's been quite clear over the past few
years and these developments in terms of
Europe's energy policies especially in
Germany with the planned construction of
the Nord Stream two pipeline so at the
same time Europe is maintaining
sanctions and and trying to somehow men
ties and Eve up to to develop economic
relations further with Russia and Russia
also has become an element's in the
rising tensions between the EU and the
US Donald shrimp has accused Germany or
of being under the influence of the
Kremlin
well obviously Germany the German
government also has been critical of
Donald Trump and his approach to to
Russia but also refusing to broaden
sanctions to to include the energy
center the Dow larger tensions between
the US and EU and that includes Russia
but in a quite paradoxical manner but
more generally does this this
willingness to to somehow appease
tensions I mean we see Trump as somewhat
of a disrupter don't rely on one one
hand in one week Remmy we saw him
blasting NATO and then just a few days
later buttering up Putin I mean that's
got to alarm the EU well there's
certainly a big political game at the
moment with Trump criticizing European
governments for their relative low
defense expenditures at the same time
getting closer to to Russia so there's
also an economic sites you to this to
this political game as put the Tramp has
been very critical of the EU's
expecially of Germany's
eight surplus and you can see that the
German government is trying to keep a
lead on intentions in order to avoid
some tariffs especially on car exports
so it's it's it's a large political
gamble taking place at this moment the
French government is being a little more
assertive towards the US when it comes
to to trade issues but really Russia is
just one part of these I mean from a
European perspective Russia is one part
of these growing tensions between vu and
the US it's but generally it's not truly
just about defining one come on approach
to to Russia to Russia it's it's a bit
more complicated than that especially
given those two those trade attention at
the moment okay Joe why has Trump broken
so decisively with with what the u.s.
stance towards Russia has been for very
many years well first and foremost I
want to make sure that we understand
something here about the United States
engaging Russia in the Obama
administration the United States
negotiated agreements with Russia on
nuclear weapons related to New START on
Syria and chemical weapons and and
essentially was engaging in diplomacy
with Russia on multiple levels Russia
though chose to invade Ukraine and chose
to invade American democracy and what
that did was that in addition to human
rights violations at home that created
these tensions and so when President
Trump has come in and sort of pushed to
the side the argument that in the past
somehow everything was done wrong by the
United States that's completely miss
reading the recent history of American
Russian relations so I think right now
where we are as president Trump is
trying to rewrite the the history and
not really stand up for any of the
American policy positions that we have
over years and decades been pursuing and
advancing towards Russia we did this in
the Cold War with the Soviet Union where
there were tensions and and and
conflicts that we had negotiations with
the civil
Union on multiple issues while also
criticizing them but that's no longer
the case apparently apparently dealing
with Russia means only agreeing with
Russia no longer being able to criticize
and deal with them and that's
problematic for American national
security if you just love if you're
honest are you surprised that we didn't
see Trump calling out any of Russia's
provocative actions well I think that
the boat Ian gave absolutely clear our
view about this interference in American
parents for a moment let's look at
Crimea involvement in Ukraine bringing
down a Russian plane supporting Assad
many other issues Russian vo is
different
Russian view is different American
European relations first of all is not
the subject of Russian policy it is
subject of American European relations
and specific of a Donald Trump policy
towards Europe towards NATO and in many
other things in economic and military
field so it is not up to Russia to
interfere in this
relations between America and Europe
used to hearing this kind of criticism
from US presidents was Russia why you
will not hear at this time we have
created to America to Europe in their
interference in Ukrainian situation for
example because coup d'etat and throwing
a legitimate government you know college
in Kiev that was made by John McCain
Victoria Nuland and many other Western
representatives officially in well
involved in this process overthrowing a
legitimate government in Kiev they
achieved their goals would they blame
the Russian they brought to the capital
power as a Russian point of view forces
they connected in second world war we
germ√°n that were germans that were
fighting russian russian army during the
Second World War and now they are
dominating in our cranium Paul Papa
policy a people in Ukraine in Crimea
refused to acknowledge these changes
okay it's trying and bring us back from
getting too involved in the ins and outs
of what happened in Crimea and Ukraine
because that is a whole subject that
deserves a deserves a whole inside story
to be devoted to it it's gonna bring us
back to reaction that we've been seeing
to this particular summit and president
Trump has come under fire for defending
Russia over accusations of election
interference now politicians from both
sides of the political divide have
expressed their outrage what the
President did side with our number-one
enemy who is attacking the United States
daily in a variety of ways and
belittling kneecapping our allies is
just appalling and demands some kind of
explanation and Republican Senator John
McCain called Trump's news conference
with Vladimir Putin disgraceful in a
statement he said the damage inflicted
by president Trump's naivety egotism
false equivalence and sympathy for
autocrats is difficult to calculate and
we have the Director of National
Intelligence dan coates publicly
breaking with Donald Trump and saying
Russia interfered in the u.s. election
this is what he had to say we've been
clear in our assessments of Russian
meddling in the 2016 election and their
ongoing pervasive efforts to undermine
our democracy and we will continue to
provide unvarnished and objective
intelligence in support of our national
security so we look at some of these
reactions how much trouble is Trump in
at home I think we're now in a new stage
in Trump's relations with Congress and
with the American people this really the
the performance yesterday fed into a lot
of the concerns that Democrats have been
expressing about who's really in charge
in this relationship and so now it only
we'll give add fuel to the fire for
Democrats in Congress for example to
call for preventing the Supreme Court
nominee from moving forward because
there are questions about the legitimacy
of president Trump's presidency and and
this is what President the irony here is
that President Trump attempted to stamp
out the questions of the election
interference yesterday he tried to do
this over a year ago when he fired the
then CIA director Jim Comey tried to end
the Russia investigation and it ended up
exacerbating the problems and we have
the robert muller investigation we may
very well see the same dynamic now where
democrats in congress will be able to
peel off republicans and and open up
questions about what is really going on
because we just don't know we don't know
what happened in that two hour and ten
minute meeting we don't know what they
discussed and we do know what we saw in
public which is very troubling across
the political spectrum and so I think
that there's a much more much more
tension that's going to come about as a
result of yesterday
Ramy it is a big question isn't it what
happened behind those closed doors what
was discussed in that two-and-a-half
hour private meeting and and what are
your feelings on that
well lots of issues we're discussed
obviously on political matters and
particular some some economic ones some
some of those issues where obviously
mentioned during the prints this
surprising press conference others will
remain more more more discreet but
certainly does there's a lot going on
it's not just about Donald Trump also
about the US policy on several issues
also on the Middle East that's a very
important matter also for European
governments as Russia has become
omnipresent in the Middle East and on
some issues that are really critical to
Europe and XI European stability like
the Syrian civil war and and and the
migration crisis so more generally so
all these issues are really part of a
broader political political game and
there's real real issues to to tackle so
it's not just about I mean really
negotiations on one side or collusion on
the other it's it's more more complex
than that certainly and in a sense it's
a period are those really important
debates are somehow being overshadowed
by by those those other issues and the
issue of meddling in u.s. u.s. elections
so mention of them in this press
conference I mean there was so little in
the way of details on any of these very
crucial issues so wretches love is the
feeling that the status quo just remains
on things like Crimea on issues like
Syria on issues like arms control well I
think there are quite a lot of
international issue that concerns the
two presidents because the role of the
United States in the world policy and no
one can deny because any what's
happening into this globe it is
concerned American foreign policy like a
Russia in many ways so I think two
presidents have the right to to talk
privately and they talk privately
more than two hours after they'd been
the prayer in presence of foreign
ministers and Secretary of State but I
think that they are responsible to make
report to their Parliament of their
public who in the would form they
according to Constitution Constitution
of the United States and Russian
Federation I don't think that in this
concrete situation when Donald Trump was
undergone to toe obstruction to to worry
great pressure on him inside the United
States from his opponents and what what
what demand was the demands of them
toward President ROM no they are not
acknowledging legitimate of his election
blaming
Russian for interference I'm sorry if
Russia reserved the right and a
possibility to influence an American the
presidential elections I can't believe
it
okay Jojo just respond to that well with
all due respect one can believe it or
not but the American intelligence
community has the tools and the
capabilities of identifying influence
operations conducted against the United
States and it did so and there's a lot
of electronic influence that was
executed through social media twitter
facebook as well as potentially money
provided there have been indictments
about this money provided to groups to
run political support for one candidate
there was hacking into the Democratic
National Committee there's a paper trail
and I trust that our intelligence
community and our law enforcement knows
what it's looking for and okay I do
agree though that we should have a
report about what it was that was
discussed in this two-hour meeting we
don't know I hope that it was about the
policy issues outlined by by by our
colleague here on the show but I'm not
sure and until we have that answer I
don't believe that the agencies the
State Department the Defense Department
the intelligence community will know
what to do and I don't think our
Congress will know how to react so we
need transparency right now from that to
our meeting that be very interesting to
see if we get it or not or many thanks
very much for joining us today Joel
Rubin Remmy Bojo and VHS laugh mutters
of and thank you too very much for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website that's
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
do go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com slash AJ inside story you
can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is @h a inside story
from me laura Kyle and the whole team
here it's bye for now
you
you
