they're a recent arrival in Hong Kong's
political scene and despite their
marginal influence top officials in the
city have gone above and beyond to
curtail their influence the Hong Kong
national party a pro-independence group
that advocates separation from China has
been given a three-week ultimatum now
they have until August 7th to explain in
writing why the party should not be
banned and we are the first one
next one is coming the third one is
coming on Tuesday police delivered a
letter to the group's founder Andy Chan
saying it was recommending a ban on his
party due to national security concerns
in Hong Kong we have freedom of
association but that right is not
without restriction accordingly the
compound through the rice ordinance
restrictions can be made by law if it is
necessary in the interests of national
security
John Lee warned that if indeed he
decided to ban the party anyone
attending meetings or making donations
to the group could face up to two years
in prison he added however they'd still
be given a chance to appeal his decision
with Hong Kong's most powerful
politician the city's chief executive
Carrie Lam it marks the first time a
political parties targeted under the
Society's ordinance a piece of
legislation that has been previously
criticized by a UN Human Rights body for
unduly restricting freedom of
association these kind of conditions
would have a Geneva on the issue society
on the whole because now we don't know
what it means by national security in
the government sense that a tree can and
if any groups can be accused of
endangering national security calls for
independence have grown louder in Hong
Kong after a wave of pro-democracy
protests that brought the city to a
standstill in 2014 failed to achieve its
goals since then activists seeking more
autonomy or all-out independence for the
city have been barred from running in
elections or even detained but in a
Chinese city that has prided itself on
the unique freedoms enjoyed by its
citizens alarm bells are already ringing
as concerned spreads over whose freedom
will have to be limited next in the name
of national security which when the
Silva r20
