the IMF says booming economies in the
United States and China continue to keep
the global economy on track but warned
it could be derailed if an all-out
global trade war breaks out between the
u.s. and its trading partners these are
you know substantial hits to growth and
in an environment where you know for
many wage earners incomes have been very
slow to rise and this is a source of
political pressures and so you know we
kind of need all the growth we got a
trade has been a disaster
US President Donald Trump fired the
first shot in the trade dispute slapping
tariffs on 34 billion dollars worth of
Chinese goods earlier this month
and threatening to up the ante to 200
billion dollars the u.s. also leveled
tariffs on steel and aluminum against
Mexico Canada and the European Union all
countries have retaliated with similar
duties on US products the IMF says the
tariffs could shave up to a half a
percentage point off of global growth by
2020 the IMF says the tariffs come at a
time when other risks threaten the
global economy rising oil prices
political turmoil in Latin America and
changing migration policies in Europe
the IMF says growth is already slowing
in Europe Japan and Latin America the
added shock of a trade war could ripple
through the global economy because trade
affects about three-quarters of world
output the US economy could also be at
risk because of inflationary pressures
and further retaliation but the IMF says
the ones who could be hurt the most are
the ones who can least afford it
it's usually the poorest who are who are
hurt by these sorts of measures so you
know it's not definitely not the way we
want to go
the IMF thinks escalating tensions could
still be avoided if the US and its
trading partners would negotiate with
help from the World Trade Organization
Diane Estabrook al Jazeera Washington
