face to face ahead of a solo meeting a
meeting that lasted over two and a half
hours but if you were hoping they would
solve any of the world's problems you'll
be sorely disappointed
instead when they spoke to reporters
their comments were dominated by their
views on the most toxic political issue
in the US an issue that just got more
controversial as they seemed mainly to
agree on it during today's meeting I
addressed directly with President Putin
the issue of Russian interference in our
elections I felt this was a message best
delivered in person spent a great deal
of time talking about it and President
Putin may very well want to address it
and very strongly because he feels very
strongly about it and here's an
interesting idea
Putin then explained that idea he could
get Russian authorities to interview the
12 hackers even though the allegation is
they were working on behalf of those
same authorities or he said they could
set up a joint u.s. Russian
investigation team with one condition no
solution we was wrong on this kind of
efforts should be a mutual one then we
would expect that the Americans would
reciprocate and they they would
questioned officials including the
officers of law enforcement and
intelligence services of the United
States whom we believe who have
something to do with illegal actions on
the territory of Russia Trump called
that an incredible offer
he was then asked a straight question
every US intelligence agency has
concluded that Russia did what who my
first question for you sir is who do you
believe remarkably he answered by
switching to a completely different
subject which is not part of the
investigation Hillary Clinton's emails
what happened to Hillary Clinton's
emails 33,000 emails gone just gone I
think in Russia they wouldn't be gone so
easily 22 months after the election he
still seems determined to reaffirm the
legitimacy of his win
I beat Hillary Clinton easily the
Electoral College is much more
advantageous for Democrats as you know
than it is to Republicans we won the
electoral college by a lot
one last question was simple yet
important President Putin did you want
President Trump to win the election
yes I did because he talked about
bringing the us-russia relationship back
to normal I've lost counted the number
of times over the last 18 months that
I've described comments by President
Trump as extraordinary but this what was
supposed to be a summit between the two
most powerful leaders in the world has
taken things to a new level
the president may have been trying to
robustly make his case about the 2016
election but there seems little doubt
that he's only made matters worse for
himself James BAE's al Jazeera Helsinki
