I am well they could be LAN today
India's economy is booming but many
Indian women have chosen to remove
themselves from the country's labor
market we'll explore some of the reasons
why I'm happy to have a Dean and you're
in the stream live on al-jazeera and
YouTube so tweet us and leave your
comments in the chat we'll do our best
to get them into the conversation I'm a
post-colonial feminist and you are
industry India is among the world's
fastest growing economies but fewer
women are participating in its labor
markets the World Bank estimates that
just 27 percent of working-age Indian
women have paid jobs the figures for
those working in the agricultural sector
projected to be even lower the World
Economic Forum's 2017 Global Gender Gap
report also ranked India 108 out of 144
countries one of the widest gaps in
South Asia despite increased female
enrollment in educational institutions
but like countless women around the
world many are prevented from joining
the workforce due to social and cultural
pressures Prime Minister Narendra Modi's
government is trying to close the labor
gap through the promotion of skills
programs and in 2017 Parliament passed a
bill to double the amount of paid
maternity leave to 26 weeks but even
that move could potentially cause
women's jobs to disappear so here with
us now to help unpack the reasons why
there's been such a drop in India's
female labor force participation rate
Rukmini asks is a data journalist based
in Chennai India in Faridabad India
Anita Anan is the director for come
first India that's a communications
consultancy firm and in Turin Italy Sher
Singh Varrick is the program manager for
the International labor organizations
training center he previously served as
deputy director of ILO India welcome
everyone to the stream and of course to
our online community I want to start
with a tab this article has been
circulating online that's probably the
Economist
not too long ago it was released the
missing 235 million why India nee
women to work and in particular swirling
down to this stat here but shows that
female employment rate in India this is
both the formal and the informal economy
tumbled from an already low thirty five
percent in 2005 to just twenty six
percent now Rukmini what's going on how
do you make sense of that I think this
is happening positive reasons as more
women participating in education and a
families get richer some choose to
withdraw then and then from the
workforce because they see it is no
longer an economic necessity but some of
the reasons are definitely positive some
of them have to do with supply-side
problem so they just aren't enough good
enough jobs for women and some of these
are cultural issues there is clear
evidence that even when the family means
to work cultural things that holds
people back from whole families back
from allowing hmm sure do you want to
jump in there and on your take and why
we've seen this significant drop yeah
thanks and I think many hit the nail on
a number of the key issues so indeed
participation of women has fallen as you
noted in the intro during a high period
of growth and this has been attributed
to you know increased enrollment of
girls and young women in education
there's something positive but at the
same time there is a concern around
access to jobs and I think it's
important to stress that the largest for
happened in rural areas and particularly
with women withdrawing from agriculture
win with in itself is something positive
in the sense of women withdrawing from
the back-breaking work you know in
agriculture but the question then
remains where are the other jobs that
women are aspiring to you know take up
and and join the labor market Anita I'm
sure you have something to say about
this but before we get to you I want to
share with you what Austin our community
has said while the literacy rate
specifically among female children has
increased
the women in the labor force has
drastically decreased there can be
plenty of reasons for it she cites lack
of support or the marriage pregnancy or
inability as she says to to keep up with
work and a human it's homely duties in
your experience what do you think is the
cause and what do you make of that
juxtaposition I think it's very true the
comment because you know the India is is
a very old and a very traditional
society it's very feudal its patriarchal
it's there's a lot of hegemony and
traditionally roles for men and women
have been very much divided it's very
clear that men go out to do the world
and women stay at home and the whole
notion of work work at home is never
defined as work when you take care of
the home and the children and the spouse
the in-laws the elderly it's never
considered work work is defined as
something you do when you step out of
the house and you get economic
compensation I mean that's globally the
nomenclature for work but I'm talking
specifically about work outside the home
that for a very early age both men and
women are socialized to believe across
the board that women will eventually
grow up get married have children and
Men will grow up and have to work and
support their families and despite the
fact that we've modernized we're the
fastest women with economy we're a very
large country and just adding to what
with many said there are positive
science reasons why women are not going
to work the fact is that women to be out
of the workforce is not good for society
and not just economically it's because
women need to feel relevant outside the
home and the society needs men
just jump in there yeah just one and I
just on that point I think it's it is
important to you know and I agree with a
lot was just and it just said but I
think it's also important to stress that
you know I think these statistics and
I'm sure all of us are not suggesting
women are not working they you know they
are working very much in the household
there's the burden of domestic care et
cetera and in the crux of the matter is
working outside the home and what are
the opportunities and the choice to
enter the labor market and find jobs in
growing sectors and from another
perspective we would stress the
importance of accessing quality
employment as well and the opportunity
to also start their own businesses in a
team see in that perspective I think is
also reported hmm just to add again what
I'm saying I mean this is something that
actually hits home and reporting around
this but I I'm also personally
experiencing it because I'm one of the
beneficiaries of the government's
doubling of maternity leave as if as my
second baby and although it's past
midnight in India right now the reason
I'm able to do this is my husband that
in their very low rates of sharing of
domestic domestic burden contributes to
them in my name is much harder to enter
the labor market you know it's
interesting we have a video comment
talking about maternity leave
specifically let's hear from Padma Joshi
see what she had to say we'll come right
back so first let's talk about the
organized sector the main problem that
women in the organized sector face is a
lack of maternity leave or far too few
days in terms of maternity leaves now
our progressive legislation was brought
in which more than doubled the amount of
maternity leave that women get from 12
weeks it was raised to 26 weeks the
thing is that most small companies
whether it be MSMEs or startups they
would rather not employ women at all and
give this kind of benefit because 26
weeks of unpaid leave to a woman
basically according to these companies
makes them an unproductive asset so far
from benefiting women it actually may
just have work to drive women out of the
workforce altogether I mean I see you
nodding what were you nodding about oh I
I agree completely with the person which
is caring I also had a child 28 years
ago when I was living in Italy and
working for a news agency I went back
after three months and I felt that that
that time was just appropriate
I wasn't breastfeeding I guess if I was
I would have like three more months
leave but I do know one thing because
I've done a lot of work in women's
organizations and women have worked for
me and I have worked for women that it's
very important for women to stay in the
workforce because like the comment that
came in if you're out for 26 weeks
chances are you're going to be out of
the workforce forever because that
comment was very apt organizations
cannot afford to have women be away for
that long and to rehire them you know
there's a whole slew of women that have
come into the workforce you know that
will not be asking for time to take the
child to the doctor and to take care of
the mother-in-law who can't take care of
the child because the child is ill there
are these all these social conditions
which are never discussed actually when
we are talking about figures and labor
laws and apologies to the Iowa or Sher
Singh apologies to you but these are all
static statistics the reality we do know
right so any think that I I think what's
so interesting about what you said is
that 26 weeks is too long and and this
is speaking of someone who is in the
unit United States where we don't have
any mandated maternity leave and that
sounds like a dream but I want to I want
to pick that apart a little bit and I'll
throw that to you to recommend because I
know you're nodding your head there if
that is too long and that is the
government's plan to help encourage
women in
the work place in the workforce what did
is the answer so first of all I disagree
that it's too long and I don't think
that I would disagree only because I'm
in this position I think I would have
disagreed in any case you know many
developed economies not even longer or
as long and this is done mechanically
done haven't suffered for it in fact
about paternity leave as well which
India doesn't also and I would say that
employers across the world went to
aggressive legislations like minimum
wages or increasing worker compensation
and other wages increased there's always
pushback from employers but as country
is willing to have a clear lead offs
between you know worker benefits and
what employers would prefer I would want
my country or I would want a government
to just you know put movies behind
worker security let me just jump in
there quickly as well yeah sorry I just
I would you know support what he said
because you know countries that have
even more generous maternity benefits
have even have much higher participation
rights and have been able to find
that's equilibrium where you know
employers of course are you know
supporting the this and of course it
does entail some cost but also the
government end workers as well there
need to be some sharing of those
responsibilities and I think you know
India is working towards that and that
is a positive step but it's not the full
picture of course in terms of the
responses needed it's certainly not but
you know to try and give a little fuller
picture a lot of people talking about
you know you mentioned a few other
countries making comparisons perhaps to
countries in the region but what about
the Western paradigm in all this venkat
on twitter saying for example first of
all Western media should stop viewing
the role of women in society through
West's prism and expect the life of
women everywhere to follow the same
trajectory as the West reason being
modern West is rights driven Society
whereas countries like India are duty
bound society of course this is an
argument we we hear often with many
issues in terms of you know the lens but
then quickly before I hear from you and
Nita on this tweet we just read Chandra
responding saying
I would say that's a regressive thought
rooted in our patriarchal society this
idea that Western culture would take
over Indian traditions no progress has
ever been achieved anywhere in the world
by keeping women within the four walls
of home and what's wrong in following
Western culture if it's good for the
nation in home Anita you're smiling I
think role models are great I think what
developed Western economies especially
in Europe have managed to achieve is
awesome seriously but the truth of it is
that comparisons can only go so far we
can use them as role models but we also
have to look at the reality of India the
reality of it is we have a very large
population that is looking for work and
if you extend since we're talking about
the maternity act and since many many
people have lobbied for that and it
would be very anti feminist and it would
be aunt very anti women to criticize it
but I have openly said that it's not a
good idea because eventually it will
feel nice women when you look at the big
picture
it will penalize women and employers
will push back and say we can't do this
they will not hire women they will not
take the women back it's guaranteed sure
it looks like he's dying to jump in
there sure yeah that's right I think on
this issue of norms and and you know
trying to see what the path will be for
India you know I think it's important
and you know those in India can confirm
but you know attitudes of young women in
particular change drastically over
recent years with education and and in
the work that we did in particular while
I was there I saw very you know very
firm views on on their aspirations and
and their desire to join the workforce
in not enough industry in a western
context for example starting their own
businesses or becoming app developers
etc so I think we should be careful to
assume that you know social norms and
the cultural roles are fixed in time by
because by that means that they are and
you should see the progress that is also
being made in many areas
oh sure you're absolutely right
I'm not saying but I think we need to
scrutinize the norms and traditions I'm
not saying we should accept them and
you're a hundred percent right that
aspirations of women aspirations of
society are changing very rapidly and
since I entered the workforce in 1970
which is a very long time ago it's
amazing it's amazing what women are
doing these days and it's such a joy to
see them out in the workforce and it's
such a shame that more of their baggage
Anita because Anita because you talked
about the reality forgive me I want to
just bring this up because we're getting
live commentary about what that reality
really is like in India Paul saying it's
dangerous for example for women to
travel to work do the treatment by
Indian men as perceived by media reports
and then we also heard earlier from
Hassan who said this hyper sexualization
of the Indian media landscape combined
with the increasing penetration of
smartphones has created extremely potent
safe spaces and feedback loops
indoctrinating and enabling summoner's
society defined by a heavily stratified
social structure and he goes on to
describe how you know it's a bit verbose
but his point there being that it can
have a positive and a negative effect do
you think that's true is the hyper
sexualization of women in media maybe we
can ask cher is that is that an factor
well I'm not sure if I can comment on
that the Indian college but I think it
is true that safety is a concern and
safety for women particularly this will
act as a barrier so you know will
discourage women from working or
commuting to work etc so there are there
are concerns particularly the metros
around the safety of women you know many
others are better in a position to
comment on the sexualization of women
but I think this underlying issues
around safety are concerning and their
steps are being taken in cities to try
to improve safety security but these
this remains a key challenge I could see
Rukmini and Anita nodding their heads
there I wanted I want to bring up this
suite that we got a new committee and I
will track this to you this is from
Peter who is talking about something
that I need to brought up she said we
need to scrutinize our traditional norms
so Peter here says well a lack of
support from
families combined with stereotypical
belief that women should be concerned
with domestic chores more than the
corporate world is playing into this I
pulled up this headline here someone who
might seem to agree from live meant the
marriage penalty on women in India
Rukmini what I'm wondering though is
that India is not unique in this we see
this all over the world and indeed even
in the United States and in Western
countries so what is it that makes India
unique there's definitely a combination
of issues but I think one thing that's
important is that that these cultural
norms and the cultural restrictions on
women sometimes get talked about a
little nation India than men is
warranted I think you know it might be
talked about more about West Asian
countries or even some other South Asian
countries and for India so it is
important that these numbers are being
pulled out and in there with focus is
being put on India because sometimes you
know these issues and discuss for
example the elements of what we distance
freedom conservatism that people don't
usually associate with India for example
head-covering you know when people pull
up sistex about the station campuses
this will be equally a debate that
should be happening in India you know
restrictions on women the ownership of
ownership of property or the means on
bank accounts or the obsessively showing
that how much how much does education
factor into this India I'm curious
because a lot of the comments we do have
talked about educating women educating
children education up you know
opportunities meeting to to employment
and uncon a conch on twitter says
educating our brothers fathers friends
is hard to do because of the taboo
discussion but it is the only way we can
dispel the myths around women hood women
are brought up to think their existence
burdens society how is that empowering
is that how you were brought up and is
that a factor in this prevent
women from the workforce I was brought
up very differently I had very
progressive parents and no brothers in
the family so there was no no need to
favor one sex and with the other so I
was one of the lucky ones but I think
there is a tremendous scope for
awareness-raising and many women's
organizations and some men's
organizations are doing this in India
but I want to point out something which
I think is is quite deeply entrenched in
in Indian society and Mallika asked this
question of look money about what makes
India unique I don't know if unique is
the word but it's a particular problem
we have in any any society that is
moving from a traditional and
leapfrogging into a modern society so in
some ways you know we say we are
empowering women we are giving them
choices we're giving them education
we're giving them degrees and skills and
of course they can go to work they can
be equal to men okay we say all that but
deep down there is a deep distrust for
women and if we give them too much
freedom what they're going to do with
that freedom if we allow them to work
and make their own money are they going
to become the bosses of men are they
going to start pushing families around
is it going to go to the head so in some
ways it's a very schizophrenic kind of
messaging that comes to women for
example girls at all you can be whatever
you want to be but we know that's not
true because because in that path I
share same pointed out you look at
sexual harassment in the place right
sexual harassment in public transport on
the street so there are all these
obstacles that we must consider
I'm and they need obviously family
structures and relationships and
dynamics are shifting and all of that
schizophrenia to use your word Amira
Watts has seen is sharing one experience
this is her personal experience in a
joint family take a listen
working in a joint family requires
mammoth organizational skills time
sacrifices and a whole lot of energy and
I feel one must share this notion and
hesitation
that by working at home one doesn't
contribute to society progress staying
at home staying in a joint family and
working at home has been quite
empowering and at the same time having
my kids raised in this proverbial
village environment puts a lot of stress
of my work so recommending she spoke
about the proverbial village that's
being empowering staying at home your
thoughts what's important of course is
choice so you know my experience sounds
wonderful and it's clearly empowering to
her it should be equally important to
the economy to be able to provide job
outside the house women who do want that
because that's again something that so
they show that there is a significant
percentage of women who is decent paid
work was available and it helps with
domestic duties and child rearing water
available would want to work outside now
so we need to be providing justice and
pathways to empowerment for these women
as well hmm
sure yeah well I just you know that's
that's really spot-on because I would
stress that word choice and I think no
one is suggesting that women have to
work because in the poorest countries in
the world the labor force participation
of women is the highest because I had no
choice but to work it's really about the
choice to be able to work and also work
in decent work jobs productive jobs and
so this is really the crux and I think
it you know important positive trend has
been the increased education of girls
and young women in India and are really
important gains have been made in the
2000s during this period but you know
the real challenge is once these young
women have education and you know
they're surpassing you know boys in
secondary school they're you know up to
26 percent or so for for young women in
tertiary education once they had this
education how they're able to use it in
in terms of accessing
better quality jobs in where they are
and this is where you know these some of
these constraints still matter so if
you're in a rural part of India and
you're
some education what are your choices why
are you gonna have to move to a city or
can you work nearby and this is what
I've heard also doing field work in in
poor parts of rural or - Pradesh that
you know the largest Indian state in the
north where participation rates are some
of the laws right you know and in some
of these poorest communities you know
girls are getting educated and this
really positive but they're saying well
workwise our options would be in this
village or the next village
that's right Sher Singh Varrick I have
to pause you there thank you so much for
your thoughts I need to Anna and Rukmini
us thank you for being part of our
conversation that's all the time we have
for now but of course you can continue
this discussion by following us on
Twitter
we're act age a stream see you next time
you
you
