finally it was his time to speak after
being detained for seven months and a
pretrial that lasted nearly as long
writers journalists were loaned for the
first time got a chance to tell the
judges what happened on December 12 2017
that's the day he and his colleague
ciaossu
were arrested after being invited for
dinner by police officers and were
handed secret documents I testified in
court today that I contacted battalion
aides in order to cover a balanced story
and stay in line with media ethics we
tried to contact the person in charge in
regard to the story in order to be
balanced in covering the news he and his
colleague ciaossu you are charged with
violating Myanmar's Official Secrets Act
the law dates back to the colonial era
and can land them in prison for up to 14
years the Reuters reporters were
investigating the killing of tan Rohan
German in the village of Indian when
they were detained they arrest is seen
as a warning from the military to
journalists not to investigate what
happened during the crackdown against
the Muslim Ranger minority during the
violence thousands of for India were
killed and nearly 700,000 flat to
neighboring Bangladesh a few weeks after
the journalists were detained the
government confirmed a massacre had
happened in Indian and the soldiers
responsible was sent to prison for 10
years while Reuters had reported it was
civilians who were executed in the
village the military had said they were
terrorists since the crackdown media in
Myanmar have come under a lot of
pressure the case against a Reuters
journalists is seen as a test for press
freedom in a country that started a
fragile transition to democracy
eight years ago step fasten al Jazeera
Bangkok
