their summer holidays been cut short but
none of these children seem too bothered
they all know why they are here so that
we have people inside the school so the
Israelis won't demolish it a salah'
lives a 10-minute walk away over the
mountain this school doesn't only serve
Hannah llama but it's the only school in
the area for these Bedouin children they
want to demolish the whole community and
transfer us and take the land the
Israeli Supreme Court will set a day to
respond to an appeal to stop the
demolition by the 15th of August as of
today we're declaring the opening of the
next clastic year which should have
started on the 1st of September but
rather today on the 16th of July we
decided to launch it so to proceed any
attempt on the part of the occupation
forces to knock down the school it's not
just the school which is up for
demolition but this entire village
Konoe omar looks like a small basic and
an important Bedouin community but when
it comes to this conflict it is all
about land and who has access to it now
Palestinians tell you what is happening
here is indicative of a wider Israeli
policy to push Palestinians off this
land and replace them with Israeli
settlers we meet Omer
an Israeli student he's come from Tel
Aviv to see for himself what is
happening here I mean it's an obvious
strategy to try to push communities into
cities and expand the settlements around
here and basically clear out the area
for potential cities - Jewish Israeli
cities settlements to expand and in the
meantime make the lives of Palestinian
harder and harder that's already
apparent just by looking around here
large illegal Israeli settlements and
smaller outposts overshadow these
scattered Bedouin communities
the Bedouin have been here since the
1950s and they don't want to leave but
they say Israel is doing everything it
can to change that Stephanie Decker al
Jazeera Hannah llama
