the party is almost over many of the
visitors have gone already but this
country is still glowing the past month
has been a tonic for Russia often people
here feel the world is against them
perhaps now that perception is changing
we are enjoying the trip knowing the
beautiful places for Russia have no
price to fuel that reception to the
Brazilians Russia is a big beautiful
country people of Russia are so nice a
world cup hasn't raised accusations of
Russian authoritarianism human rights
concerns or the fragility of its economy
but for a while at least it's allowed
Russia to feel positive about itself
without the usual undercurrent of
confrontation probably because of our
problems we got drowned in politics and
economics and this championship became a
gulp of fresh air it let us breathe and
forget about everything next week we'll
think about what's happening in our
country but now we're just enjoying the
celebration officially the review is no
less positive FIFA's president Gianni
Infantino
gave his verdict on Friday a resounding
thumbs-up I lifted a new lifted Tania's
the best World Cup ever little went
wrong much went right Russian policing
not renowned for its soft touch was on
best behavior a country that often
struggles with infrastructure managed to
move fans to match his in cities
hundreds sometimes thousands of
kilometers apart
Russia's World Cup may be earning
plaudits for its efficient security and
organization but that by itself is not
enough for a great party you also need a
little bit of magic and that happened
here on Nikolas car streets in central
Moscow it spontaneously established
itself as the beating heart of this
world Carrefour place where Russia and
the world got together and had a ball
before matches Russians and foreigners
partied hard after matches win lose or
draw we partied harder analyst Alexander
bone of thinks there's a big demand for
this new mood in Russia Russians had
been typed to be in in this high alert
against the rest of the world they were
happy to find in themselves a different
side of patriotism not the violent side
of the agitation but that you are able
to be patriotic and to to show your
patriotic feeling in hospitality winning
hosting rights for the World Cup was
important enough for Vladimir Putin that
he personally accepted the honor in
Zurich in 2010 but interestingly he's
been a marginal figure for much of the
tournament one or two photo ops
attending the opening match and the
final the Kremlin has perhaps realized
that heavy handed official PR is not
needed Putin has left Russians to
present their best face to the world and
it's worked will reach Alan's al Jazeera
Moscow
