after more than 15 hours under siege
students at Nicaragua's National
Autonomous University were freed the
Cardinal Leopoldo Ramos and Nunzio
Valdemar summer tech negotiated their
release with gunmen Villisca Sandoval
who pleaded for her life during the
siege came out alive we fought back with
stones and mortars but they shot at us
with high-caliber weapons ak-47s and I
don't know what else the priests had
come out with a white flag to ask for
the ceasefire this student says they all
thought they would be killed at some
point we didn't have any more mortars or
Molotov cocktails to respond with I
didn't think we'd come out alive for
hours family sang and prayed the access
near the church was blocked by police
while heavily armed gunmen shot at the
students it was a desperate wait to see
their children Florida Maria says she's
also afraid because her home has been
under attack these past days the last
hours have been tragic we haven't slept
or eaten but we were eternally grateful
to God our children only wanted reforms
the government calls protesters
terrorists and coup plotters it blames
them for the deaths of policemen in
three months of bloody confrontations
are in the country but rights groups say
the majority of attacks are perpetrated
by government forces the siege has left
many Nicaraguan families devastated but
the question is whether the government
will continue with the use of force or
will sit at the negotiating table this
week Cardinal brain√≠s said despite the
clergy has also been targeted they want
to assume peace talks between protesters
and the government on Tuesday however
they are worried about the safety of the
students and their families we will also
continue to conduct negotiations with
the government so the lives of the
students and that of the families are
respected
but the lives of these students and
their families may continue to be at
risk while protesters say they will
continue to fight to topple President
Daniel Ortega and while government
forces do nothing to arrest gunmen who
in plain clothes and heavily armed shoot
in plain daylight with impunity
mogera Sanchez al Jazeera Managua
Nicaragua
