flood water gushed through towns and
villages sweeping up cars and nearly
everything in its path roads crumbled
and homes were submerged three months
worth of rain fell in five hours in
southwestern France on Sunday night
causing the old river to burst its banks
residents were left in shock it was
terrifying because all of our neighbors
were in the same situation I had called
the fire service it happened so fast
that by the time they responded there's
a way that came towards our door at 2:00
in the morning we could hear heavy rain
I tried to switch on the light but it
didn't work when I got out of bed I
stepped into water when I opened the
kitchen door I found myself up to my
waist in water very heavy precipitation
occurred in the earth region during the
night and again in the early morning
resulting in considerable material and
human losses with many roads and
accessible emergency workers used boats
to reach people who were stranded others
had to be winched to safety thousands of
people have been evacuated local
officials have closed schools and advise
people not to travel experts say it's
the worst flooding in Ord in a century
and the danger may not be over the river
could continue to rise and cause more
damage in a region where so many people
have already been affected
Natasha Butler al-jazeera Paris
