they have always been plenty of talented
young Croatian footballers rising up
through clubs like Dinamo Zagreb coach
Robert Burton 'its remembers training
Luka Modric long before he became an
international football star with
moderates a key player in the final
Robert can hardly contain his excitement
it's hard to describe my emotions just
like everyone in Croatia I can't wait
for the final to start it's going to be
one of the greatest moments in our
modern history Luka Modric is talent
shown despite him being made a refugee
during the Yugoslav war in the 1990s and
despite the fact that investment has
never been a priority in Croatian
football you would think that for a
country with so many world-class players
Croatia would have world-class
facilities but it doesn't even have a
national stadium in fact this one built
during the Communist era and home to
Dinamo Zagreb is the next best thing and
it hasn't had an upgrade in nearly 20
years
riding a wave of public euphoria
Croatia's government has decided it will
now build a national stadium but with
endemic corruption in Croatian football
including a scandal over transfer fees
involving Luka Modric and other players
diehard fans believe a new stadium won't
solve the problem the rulers of Croatian
football the Federation and the
politicians have made it extremely hard
for Croatia to compete and Croatia
didn't make the World Cup final because
of them but in spite of them
Croatians may be willing to put those
worries aside hoping that whatever the
outcome on Sunday the result will
inspire the next generation and change
Croatian football for the better
Robin Forestier Walker al Jazeera Zagreb
