the al-sabah Darnay helps his nephews
picked the family's tobacco crop in the
north of the occupied West Bank
he worked in Israel for more than two
decades but Israeli government
restrictions on freedom of movement for
Palestinians forced him to quit his job
five years ago the Palestinian Authority
says the local tobacco industry has to
be regulated because farmers aren't
paying taxes but it's easy money when
there are so few jobs around the
Palestinian Authority finds us other
work then most people would stop growing
tobacco they should make jobs for the
young generation for the university
graduates who help farm tobacco for
twenty to thirty dollars a day they
studied science and finance and they
have to do this tobacco needs very
little water to thrive Palestinians have
grown it in this area for generations
but not on this scale they say Israel's
control of water and land resources
means they have little choice but to
grow it wherever they can
the Palestinian Authority says
unemployment in the occupied West Bank
has almost doubled to around 19% in the
last 20 years feels like this one used
to be used to grow crops like wheat and
barley but not anymore before Israel
started building the separation wall in
2002 many people in this area used to
work in Israel but now there are
villages in this area where virtually
every family is in some way involved in
the tobacco business this is one of many
small tobacco processing plants in the
area farmers sell their dried leaves to
traders for just over $10 a kilo we're
afraid the PA could confiscate this
tobacco says this worker but others say
the PA usually ignores them because it
knows so many people depend on the
unregulated industry for their
livelihood demand for tobacco is high
foreign cigarettes are 5 times more
expensive than those locally produced
but it's estimated the PA is missing out
on tens of millions of dollars in tax
revenue a year from the local tobacco
industry
yello-ha submission if we're to
calculate how much of the deficit the
tobacco industry would cover I'd say
somewhere between twenty to thirty
percent if we control the smuggled and
locally produced tobacco the AUSA says
he and thousands of other people have no
choice but to keep growing tobacco a
plant that kills those who use it but
one which many Palestinians depend upon
to survive
Charles trafford al Jazeera gathered in
the occupied West Bank
