thousands of people are displaced here
and more still coming days after gunmen
invaded their villages Abouzeid Osman
was in the bushes for four days before
reaching the safety of this camp his two
brothers didn't make it they were shot
down as they run towards the stream look
what a monkey had about you those who
escaped jumped into the river for six
other attackers water bank they kept
shooting at us in the river
but even here the refugees fear the
attackers who they say are only some 20
kilometers away the village is safe for
two years the gunmen have terrorized and
forced them to pay levies to cultivate
their own crops soon due to some core
demolition they started by stealing more
than 200 cattle some years ago they
demanded money for us to get the animals
back we paid but they didn't release the
cattle they asked for tens of thousands
of dollars yet they won't give us any
peace we tried to get to the scene of
the worst attacks but were turned back
by security forces the mana village is
about 10 15 minutes from here we've been
warned by security of issues that the
area has been overrun by bandits and
that it's not safe to go there the
village sits on the border was done for
a state where residents say the gunmen
have been killing and maiming civilians
over the last four years the Nigerian
government already under pressure from
other trouble spots says it's looking at
reviewing its security approach
operations are being conducted from some
far aside and that is why they found
this area vulnerable we putting out a
very sound strategy that will finally
deal with the situation days after the
attacks many families can find their
relatives we still still believe that
there are people that are missing there
in villages either they are dead or they
are missing so what we did with such a
committee we including the army the
police and civil defense there with the
community they are going now back to the
village to go and you know calm the
whole area within and outside the
village and also the riverine areas to
check whether there are cops
that now will come up from the RIBA most
of the dead are buried here several
kilometers from their homes and officers
say they expect the casualty numbers to
go up for the survivors the immediate
priority now is food shelter and
medicine then to find out who among
their family survived but as the days go
by time is running out for even the dead
to get a decent burial emitted Rhys al
Jazeera Gandhi Northwest Nigeria
