students behind barricades at mogera was
national university unarmed and
terrified this student leaves a recorded
message for her mother on this day of
national strike they went out to defend
the country but if our work we're
learning and now they think they're
going to die just a few hours before
government supporters followed Daniel
Ortega in a caravan commemorating a day
in the Sandinista revolution 39 years
ago that helped topple dictator
Anastasio Somoza Ortega spoke about
peace animals it took so much for most
of Nicaragua to find reconciliation and
now there's a group of Nicaraguans who
don't accept it and that's because
inside of them they carry the poison of
hatred or digger supporters say he's
done a lot for any get out he has given
most poor Nicaraguans a guarantee for
their rights to food education
entertainment and freedom of expression
but as the caravan left the city of
Mosiah uniformed police armed with
rifles and RPGs opened fire in the
neighborhood of marimbo leaving two
people dead more than 250 people have
died in almost three months of civil
unrest pension reform protests turned
into opposition calls for earth-days
resignation
but on Friday thousands of Nagara once
showed the president their support and
to measure their strength in this
political crisis of the main highway the
capital Managua and most of the country
remained mostly shut down streets empty
gas stations banks shopping malls most
businesses closed but at the immigration
offices a queue of people mainly fearing
for their safety and yell Garcia was
getting passports for her two sons they
could be kidnapped just because these
students and I want to protect them
three months of bloody protests and no
end in sight with civilians and police
dying in the crossfire
more than 120 people remain disappeared
and hundreds wounded among them some of
the students trapped under the gun they
say of police and paramilitary mariana
sanchez al jazeera
Manawa
