the role of the police and army during
elections in Zimbabwe has always been
controversial officers who will be
working on polling day vote early
here they are queuing to cast their
votes five years ago
opposition parties are concerned that
this time postal voting is being done
inside police stations and fearsome
officers will be intimidated into voting
for the rulings on appeal party the
majority of officials are not in sync
when the attempts in that gender to
manipulate and steal this election so we
could alam calls from his alias 9:00
a.m. in the morning by officials who is
screaming we're raising hue and cry
about what their seniors we're trying to
make them do a spokesman from the
Independent Electoral Commission
initially told state media no voting was
taking place later a senior police
officer confirmed some of them are that
confusion helps explain why some
opposition leaders doubt the credibility
of election organizers the police say
the opposition allegations are not true
the voting process is being done in a
very secretive manner
there is no officer that is being told
to vote in the front row of another
officer that's absolute rubbish that's
absolute nonsense
we have what literate police officers
for your own information you you you you
you cannot call in what is that to say
come and City Airport in front of me we
don't like that voting day at the end of
the month will be the first without
deposed President Robert Mugabe the
Electoral Commission says 4,000 police
officers have applied to vote by post
Commission staff insists no officer will
be forced to use the system and if they
want to go to polling stations they are
free to do so
some analysts say if released
irregularities in the run-up to the
polls aren't addressed so that all
parties are satisfied the election
results would likely be defeated
harue Matassa al Jazeera Herrick
