a day that ended for Donald Trump in the
company of Queen Elizabeth the second
had begun under a cloud of official
British dismay of the u.s. president's
comments in a newspaper interview for
two countries that supposedly enjoy a
special relationship
this was no way to treat a friend Donald
Trump had told the right-wing Sun
newspaper that Theresa Mays plan for
leaving the European Union was a bad one
and that a trade deal between the u.s.
and the UK was off the table
he also said Teresa Mays nemesis Boris
Johnson would make a great Prime
Minister Johnson resigned this week as
foreign secretary overheard new BRICS
its strategy and with that the pin was
pulled on a diplomatic hand grenade what
looked like a deliberate attack on Mays
already fragile leadership and then a
massive about-turn in face-to-face
meetings Theresa May we're told had a
chance to explain her plans more fully
to Donald Trump it must all have made
sense once the brexit process is
concluded
and perhaps the UK has left the EU I
don't know what they're gonna do but
whatever you do is okay with me that's
your decision whatever you're gonna do
is okay with us just make sure we can
trade together that's all that matters
if Theresa May was relieved she didn't
show it there will be no limit to the
possibility of us doing trade deals
around the rest of the world once we
leave the European Union on the basis of
the agreement that was made here at
Chequers and that I've put forward to
the European Union and off the Trump's
went to meet the Queen by the time they
arrived here at Windsor Castle for tea
with the Queen it seemed a whole few
Rory had passed a visiting US president
had gone from issuing unprecedented
insults to a British prime minister to
having it all swept away in a little
over 12 hours mr. Trump simply dismissed
an official on the record British
newspaper interview as fake news not the
tea with the Queen wasn't itself a
potential protocol minefield
but the band played on and the event
appears to have passed without incident
a big fan of the British monarch this
perhaps the highlight of Trump's visit
so far for the Queen who's met a dozen
US presidents the occasion perhaps less
unforgettable Jonah hull al Jazeera
Windsor
