mention migration and meetings of EU
leaders these days and many assume
they're talking about stricter rules and
allowing fewer people in certainly
that's true for these three men the
interior ministers of Austria Italy and
Germany I think the three of us agree
that we want to restore order in an area
where for much too long disorder reigned
from here we want to send a clear
message to the world and especially to
people smugglers that in future it will
no longer be possible to reach European
soil without the right to protection his
German counterpart wants to see much
more of this sort of thing
police controls on main routes into and
out of southern Germany officers here
say they've stopped around 1,500 illegal
immigrants so far this year there are
three such control areas in operation
along the border with Austria which
meanders for more than 800 kilometers
across rivers mountains and valleys
alike with lots of road and rail
connections and as that map makes clear
there are many border crossings like
this one where it's quite possible to
walk or to drive from Austria into the
Federal Republic of Germany without
showing any identity documents without
being controlled which means effectively
that the German interior ministry will
have no idea who's coming into their
country yet that is the price of the
German government's apparently
continuing commitment to the EU Schengen
zone creating a contradiction between
wanting tougher border controls on the
one hand and border free travel on the
other
we only want internal border checks as
long as Schengen isn't working in the
right manner I am not in favor of border
controls within Europe in the long term
the route from the Italian coast to the
Bavarian border was one of the main
routes many migrants used to travel to
Germany over the past few years now it's
increasingly clear the government's
concerned wanted closed as soon as
possible
dominic kane al jazeera in Bavaria
