since pre-hispanic times the beetle has
functioned as an enormous open-air
market in the heart of what is now
Mexico City it's long than the place to
buy cheap goods some stolen some pirated
but these days when people say you can
find anything here they mean drugs and
automatic weapons it's an open secret we
don't dare go out after dark anymore
and it's scaring off customers because
it's more dangerous deep inside this
mark if assault rifles and guns are
being bought and sold by two rival
criminal gangs each with the support of
a different transnational drug cartel
and as the turf war between them
escalates so too has the violence and
the fear that many had hoped would not
reach Mexico's capital Mexico points the
finger at the US for not doing enough to
prevent an estimated two hundred
thirteen thousand firearms from being
smuggled into the country every year
from the north the impact of those guns
is felt across Mexico their murder rate
this year is expected to surpass that of
2017 with more than thirty thousand
killings
it not only underscores the power of
organized crime but also explains why
many undocumented Mexicans trying to
cross the US border say they are fleeing
violence we think that the best way to
tackle the immigration phenomenon and
the province of security is to spur
development in Mexico president-elect
Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador wants
President Donald Trump to understand
that Mexico's deteriorating security
situation is a bilateral concern that
requires us cooperation especially in
economic investment the tone of
relations with Washington has changed
since the election of Lopez Obrador but
former foreign minister Jorge Castaneda
warns against reading anything into the
overtures by the White House Trump
playing nice doesn't do anybody any good
there is no difference between a nice
Trump and a mean Trump the substance is
the same and so with Mexico it's going
to be
very difficult because Trump has been
very nasty with Mexico and given that
history the expectations ahead of Lopez
Obrador meeting with some of the most
influential members of President Trump
Circle are not high you see in human al
Jazeera Mexico City
