it was a new idea to try to end an old
problem mass peaceful demonstrations on
the border between Gaza and Israel
demanding the end to 11 years of an
Israeli blockade that cripples life here
but a minority of protesters ran to the
fence or even breached it others
launched burning kites that set fire to
Israeli crops protesters say it was all
the excuse Israeli soldiers needed to
crack down hard
we're living under siege
we just need to live it's our right to
work just like anyone else the largest
demonstration was on May 14th almost 10
thousand Palestinians massed along the
border Israeli snipers killed at least
60 people that day Garza's hospitals
filled with hundreds of mainly young men
with life-changing injuries most will
never walk properly again which means
they'll probably never find a job I will
carry on as normal as I can and as soon
as I recover I'll go back to the protest
of the border 133 people have been
killed during the protests over the last
three and a half months the most
important thing that the crisis in Gaza
Strip is now alive in the world
community sometimes a life and peace are
equal for that the reason is you will
find a lot of people they will sacrifice
with their own lives and so on Friday
the protests will continue the numbers
are much smaller now rarely more than
three thousand people scattered across
five locations if anything life here has
got worse since the protests started not
better
Israel has closed the main crossing into
Gaza for industrial goods in retaliation
for those burning kites that threatens
thousands of jobs at the factories that
still survive here Israel's blockade is
as tight as ever bernhard smith al
jazeera gaza
