it's a highly symbolic moment in Syria's
ongoing war Duras city was where it all
began back in 2011 the first protest
against President Bashar al Assad's rule
happened here in the old town rebels who
were besieged have now surrendered after
an almost three week long government
offensive the choice to raise the
national flag near the mosque was no
coincidence
it was the focal point of the
demonstrations the loss of Duras City
has sparked emotions among many in the
opposition seven years since the
revolution began after all the
sacrifices that were made the regime is
raising its Flags about buildings and
that our city in other places as well
this has affected the people badly
people are depressed and disappointed
but the revolution is in our blood and
it will continue to run in our veins
these were the scenes in the old city of
Dara seven years ago
protests then spread to other areas
Syrians demanding freedom and democracy
were met by bullets fired by security
forces
many were carry
a lot has happened since the protest
movement turned into a war hundreds of
thousands of people have been killed
the Syrian government with the backing
of Iran and Russia now controls 60
percent of Syria after steadily
recapturing territory it lost to the
rebels over the years the northwestern
province of Idlib is where most
opponents of the Assad regime live and
defiance remains we lost everything our
land in our house but the spirit of the
revolution lives with us we haven't lost
hope even if we lost Daraa
we hope all Syrians will unite and
revolt and God willing the regime will
form the revolution will remain even if
the regime captured Iraq just like it
captured Aleppo and Homs even if it
controls all the opposition areas the
revolution will continue just like in
the past we managed to revolt despite
the presence of security checkpoints
everywhere for the opposition losing
Daraa the birthplace of their uprising
is not the end of their struggle against
what they call oppression but there is
little doubt the latest military gains
are yet another turning point in the
government's efforts to crush the
rebellion
XANA hodor al jazeera Beirut
