these children shouldn't be anywhere
near what's left of their school
clamoring over rubble under bombed
ceilings on a long walls that could give
way at any minute but the concentration
in their faces shows how much they want
to try to learn since 2015 the school in
ties in southwestern Yemen has been hit
by air strikes artillery and gunfire in
variability our schools have been
destroyed because of this barbaric
groups who came from the sidelines of
history and corrupted our land what
brought them here and what do they want
look at our school this is their mark
they did not come distributing books or
supporting students or to praise
teachers they came with destruction with
slogans of death those people love death
the school is stuck in the middle of a
relentless battle for territory between
Houthi rebels and the Saudi UAE led
coalition that backs the Yemeni
government is mad that the education is
the basis to rebuild the state knowledge
is light and ignorant is darkness we
want to tell the government and private
and affiliated parties that we are tired
of promises and procrastination we want
to go back to work not words we want to
turn our values into action and into
reality if there are no classes to go to
the boys according to the United Nations
Children's Fund risk being recruited as
child soldiers while almost half Yemen's
girls if not in school are married off
before that 15 when the school got hit
we studied at home some of our teachers
were killed and some students our
friends also died it angered us and it
saddened us our school was big now it's
just destroyed that playground has been
turned into a battleground two million
children will be out of school this year
in Yemen that's according to UNICEF and
another 4 million primary school
children risk losing access to education
because 70% of their teachers haven't
been paid in the last two years and
they're being forced to find work
elsewhere Burnett Smith al Jazeera
Djibouti
