thank you it was the meeting they tried
to stop Russia China and Bolivia voting
to attempt to block a briefing by the
UN's own fact-finding mission on Myanmar
China said it was an internal issue even
though over 700,000 people fled the
country into Bangladesh to escape the
violence Russia said the report of the
mission was biased and unreliable even
though it runs to 440 pages of searing
testimony as the Security Council veto
doesn't apply to procedural matters the
chairman of the fact-finding mission was
eventually able to give his damning
conclusions our report characterizes the
recent events in Rakhine State as a
human rights catastrophe that was
foreseeable and planned one that will
have severe impact for many generations
to come if not forever the details of
the report clearly had an impact on some
I never thought in my diplomatic career
that I would hear as briefing to the
Security Council as compelling but
detailing such awful treatment other
people's as we have heard today the UK
was one of the European countries
suggesting the situation be referred to
the International Criminal Court that
won't happen because in that case a
Security Council veto could and almost
certainly would be used but an
investigation into the crime of forced
expulsion is a possibility because the
country so many people fled to
Bangladesh has signed up to the court's
jurisdiction James BAE's al Jazeera at
the United Nations
