what will it take for a smooth Briggs's
as government ministers resigned
Britain's Prime Minister is accused of
being soft on divorce from the EU but
how can Teresa may please everyone and
convince EU leaders - this is inside
story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan Britain's Prime
Minister Theresa May as defending her
plans for Briggs it in the face of
protests resignations from her governing
Conservative Party junior ministers as
well as to Vice chairs have stepped down
following the resignations of Minister
brexit David Davis and foreign secretary
Boris Johnson who says the dream of
Briggs it is dying but May insists that
her current position will let the UK
leave the EU in a smooth and orderly way
in Brussels where she attended the NATO
summit she said her brings it deal will
protect jobs and British commitments to
Northern Ireland the Chequers deal is a
plan that has been put together it's
been agreed by government we'll be
publishing our white paper this week
which will set out more detail on it
it's there because it delivers on the
vote that people gave on brexit if that
delivers the fact that we won't have an
end to free movement that we will have
an end to the jurisdiction of the
European Court of Justice in the UK we
won't be spending vast sending vast
contributions to the EU every year we'll
be out of the Common Agricultural Policy
out of the Common Fisheries Policy we
deliver that brexit and we do it in a
way that protects jobs and livelihoods
and meets our commitment to Northern
Ireland
well britain voted in what was built at
the time as an advisory referendum two
years ago to become the first country to
leave the European Union then Prime
Minister David Cameron who called the
referendum resigned in March last year
his successor Theresa May invoked the
European law known as article 50 the
formal mechanism to leave the EU set the
wheels in motion after 44 years as an EU
member eos give the British government
two years to negotiate the divorce after
months of disagreement within our
government May says she's ready to
deliver a breaks in agreement that keeps
absolute faith with the people's
decision to leave so let's bring in our
guests for today's discussion both of
whom are in London Jonathon liz is the
deputy director of the business advisory
group British influence and John
Johnston is a political reporter at
politics home gentlemen welcome to you
both Jonathan Liz let's start with you
then our former foreign secretary Boris
Johnson said in his resignation letter
that the
grexit dream is dying suffocated by
self-doubt is he right well dream is the
opposite word here because it never
existed except in his imagination and
the imagination of his fellow hardcore
brexit ears it was always going to be a
case that the bricks that he wants it
could never be delivered you either have
a brexit in accordance with what the EU
says which is the full singer market and
the full customs union or you have a
breakfast which divides the UK singer
markets between Northern Ireland and
Great Britain all you have no deal at
all there is never any option for cherry
picking Boris Johnson's Bolivian Kyle
cooky land for too long not just Boris
Johnson it seems that breaks it tears
within the Conservative Party the
governing Conservative Party appear not
to understand that the EU is a
rules-based organisation of the UK just
can't cherry-pick aspects of membership
that it wants to keep and those that it
wishes to discard I mean that's what's
led to all of this infighting isn't it
absolutely it's the kind of
exceptionalism that Britain has you know
still maintains the UK government has
still maintained this ludicrous position
that the EU needs us more than we need
them that's all we heard during the
referendum campaign in 2016 and it's
kind of led the policies of the UK
government ever since it's simply not
true it never has been true never will
be true so in the EU said after the
referendum you can't cherry pick the
singer market you can't if you want to
end free movement that means you have to
go for a bog-standard trade deal they
still mean it now so when the UK
government goes to checkers and comes up
with this deal which leaves the
departure of two cabinet ministers the
EU response is still but you're asking
for single market of goods but not in
services people or capital that simply
won't wash John Johnston do the brakes
to tears within the Conservative Party
have any idea of how the U the EU works
or as as the the former that our former
minister in charge of exiting the EU
David Davis implied this week that this
fudge that we've been seeing within the
Conservative Party this apparent
complete ignorance about the way that
the the EU works is a negotiating tactic
and that the that the British government
the cabinet this week has done the UK
great harm by backing a plan
that will lead to a to a less hard
Briggs it yes well obviously the the
government have now got this plan that
they are going to take to the European
Union that is already in tatters before
we even get there so it remains to be
seen how the EU are going to respond
there's certainly parts of the checkers
plan that they have looked at that they
have already said they would not agree
with and now we have to wait and see
tomorrow when the full detail of the
white paper comes out how they will
accept it there's obviously the problem
is that if they reject this plan
outright it's going to put Teresa Mae's
position in jeopardy and I think the the
view in the European Union at the moment
is that she is the only person who can
possibly come up with a deal that both
sides can pass teresa may now has a more
pragmatic flexible cabinet with the
resignation of David Dyson Davison and
Boris Johnson is her position now safe
has she seen off any potential
leadership challenge and reasserted her
authority well the first thing to say is
that Theresa May is a resilient prime
minister she's seen off crisis as that
other leaders would have taken them down
but no she's certainly not out of the
woods when it comes to a leadership
challenge we're getting the brexit ears
are drip-feeding resignations in in
order to try and force her to change her
policy position but ultimately if she
won't change and bow towards their
demands they will probably make a move
against her in order to do that they
need to file 48 letters of no confidence
in her it seems likely that they maybe
have those letters ready to go but what
that will then mean is a leadership
challenge and it remains to be seen
whether they can convince 50 percent
plus one of their MPs to vote her down
because if they do that it still doesn't
change the parliamentary math and it
could trigger a general election in
which Jeremy Corbyn could feasibly win
which is certainly something the brakes
to do not want to happen
all right so Jonathan list what extent
is there is the cabinet and and the MPs
within the governing Conservative Party
falling into line behind the prime
minister simply because it is running
scared of the opposition Labour Party
I think that's a very important point
that many of them are sort of clean
tuner severe worse they say but the
point is that even if Teresa may were to
be deposed then the new Prime Minister
would still be in the same weak position
that any Prime Minister would be in at
the moment because the UK has almost no
cards to play against the European Union
and so when the EU says we're not going
to accept this checkers deal you'll
either have the full singer market and
customs union or none of it except for
Northern Ireland there no Prime Minister
and no matter how strong or charismatic
is going to be able to change that
position because the EU at the moment
has no incentive to to give Britain what
it wants because the EU is its
credibility and cohesion or a stake and
the EU has all the power at the moment
because it knows that the UK cannot
settle for no deal partly because the UK
Parliament would never accept that and
partly because it's equivalent to
national self-immolation it's simply not
a viable option for the government and
that means that the UK will concede had
pretty much everything that he wants and
it has done in the last year already all
right so you talked about the checkers
deal at Jonathan that was the agreement
fleshed out last Friday at the Prime
Minister's country residence when she
got her cabinet together two fresh flesh
out a brexit ambition that they could
all unite behind as as John was saying
the details of that deal are due to be
published in a white paper on Thursday
as far as you're concerned Jonathan
what's wrong with the checkers deal then
why is it unworkable and what do you
make of it as an opening bid as far as
negotiations with the EU are concerned
well I think that's very important to
say that it is an opening bit and I
think that we do need to recognize the
UK government has come a long way from
the unicorn chasing of two years ago and
it said it could basically have all the
advantages of the single market without
any of the responsibilities so now it's
at least saying that yes we will be in
the single Muffit goose if the UK
Parliament doesn't accept something then
we'll have and will have consequences
but the the checkers agreement is
unworkable for two key reasons the first
one is about Northern Ireland it's
absolutely clear to anyone who
understands the situation all in Ireland
that Northern Ireland itself must be in
a single market for goods and a customs
union
or to me but Teresa may is refusing to
accept the idea that we will be in the
customs a year because she still wants
the power to arrange third country trade
deals with the US Australia and so on so
we have this really peculiar Casas
partnership maximum facilitation new
Casas partnership and all the things
which the EU is already rejected
the bottom line is Northern Ireland has
to be in the customs union otherwise
there are customs barriers and that
means that the UK the whole UK has to be
in the customs union otherwise we'll
have customs barriers between Great
Britain and Northern Ireland which
effectively spits up the UK so that's
one of the reasons why it's unworkable
the other reason why it's unworkable is
that it's asking for one of the freedoms
in the single market which is a freedom
of goods but not the other three
services capital and importantly people
free movement of people is such a
totemic issue for the EU that they will
not allow the UK to get benefits the
single market without having free
movement of people so john johnson why
if if the cabinet knows that it that
it's unworkable that the EU is going to
reject most of the proposals within that
the so called checkers deal what why did
the cabinet Beckett
well the cabinet backed it because the
they need to try and come up with a
position that the Tory Party would
accept and at the time when the checkers
deal was finalized it seemed like
Theresa May had been able to ambush her
brexit ear cabinet members with the hope
of that their backing of the deal would
quell some of the brexit rebellion on
her back benches but as we've seen with
the resignation of David Davis and Boris
Johnson that has not happened the brexit
ears are now in full revolt Jacob Riis
MOG and other prominent brexit ears have
put down amendments to Monday's trade
bill to try and dampen down elements of
the checkers deal the whole thing is
I've fallen apart but originally the
reason behind it was sue they had
something they could bring to the EU
that was unified whether that you were
going to reject it or not they had to
have something unified and now they no
longer have that what about Boris
Johnson's political careers a lot of
media criticism over the former Foreign
Secretary following his resignation
saying that he'd been the worst foreign
secretary in in British history is it
over for Boris Johnson now
it certainly appears to be I mean that
he Boris Johnson being elevated to the
foreign office many people saw was just
the rise and rise of his career but in
many ways this stint in the Foreign
Office has killed off his chances again
Boris is boris as everyone says he could
bounce back but it seems very unlikely
that he would get the backing of enough
of his own MPs in a leadership race to
make it into the final ballot to members
if he did however there is still the
possibility that the Tory membership
would back him and he could end up the
prime minister yeah you say at the
moment he wouldn't get the backing I
mean he's very popular still with the
grassroots supporters of the
Conservative Party what happens if there
is a grassroots rebellion if if members
of parliament are going back to their
constituencies and and getting criticism
from from party members locally as I
said Boris Johnson very popular with
those local party members still I mean
what happens if there is a grassroots
rebellion within the Conservative Party
not just in the parliamentary one well
certainly that's what some Breck's tier
MPs are saying that they're hearing from
their activists they're refusing to go
out and campaign because they are so
upset with this what they perceive as
betrayal of the brexit votes but
ultimately it comes down to MPs have got
to be the ones who trigger the vote of
no confidence in the Prime Minister and
for them the great risk in doing that is
that any new leader would be under
immense pressure to call a general
election and in doing that they risk
Jeremy Corbyn winning it's very feasible
that he could win with the Tory party in
such chaos and obviously no Tory MP
wants to be the one responsible for
bringing Jeremy Corbyn into number 10
Jonathan list what about the much touted
Briggs it dividend the financial
windfall that the country would receive
as a result of no longer having to pay
into the EU there are those that argue
that there simply wouldn't be one
whatever the form of breaks at the UK
eventually settles for but let's just
suppose for a moment that the breaks of
Tears are right that there would have
been some kind of dividend this checkers
deal would surely water down any form of
dividend if there was to be one wouldn't
it absolutely I mean certainly the
financial dividend is a total fallacy
but the one thing
the brakes is really wanted of course
was these third country trade deals I
mentioned and what the government has
just committed itself to you is to align
itself on agricultural standards now
that kills the US trade deal at birth
because the US has been absolutely clear
that they will only accept a trade deal
with the UK only pushed for one if we
adapt our agricultural standards to
allow hormone treated beef Korean
chicken etc that means we can't do that
and also Australia might well ask for
hormone Teresa's beef as well we we
simply won't do that government has now
admitted that the government has
basically said that we're going to be a
lobbyist on the single market so if
instead of we were removing ourselves
from the room and going outside it to
try and influence what happens inside it
Boris Johnson for all that he's wrong
about was absolutely right in his
resignation letter when he pointed out
that the UK government has for years
been arguing with with bits of
regulations who disagrees with and now
it's accepted that it has to accept them
all wholesale without any ability to
influence them or vote for them and so
that means that the Breck sir there's
being presented here by the government
is not acceptable to leave us all remain
errs it's the brake states the worst of
all worlds it's it's dead on arrival
Jonathan I just want to bring in a third
voice into our discussion also in London
Nina Schick is the director of data and
polling at Rasmussen Global welcome to
inside story Nina we were talking before
you arrived about Theresa May getting
her cabinet together to flesh out a
Briggs it proposal that her cabinet
could unite around the details do to be
published in Thursday's white paper what
chance is there that the European Union
will accept those proposals well I think
that that is going to be the basis for
the conversation of to start a
conversation let's not forget that two
years after Britain voted to leave the
EU it's taken the cabinet this long to
even put forward a proposal as to what
it once read the future relationship
even though we've seen the cabinet
implode over this proposal put forward
by Theresa May I think that
realistically you have to accept that
there will have to be further
concessions from the UK when it comes to
the EU but the EU is obviously very well
aware of Teresa Mays tenuous position at
home therefore you know Theresa May
before she even put a proposal for it
she's been sending her deputies around
the EU to make sure that they didn't
shoot
down as soon as it was put on the table
but the UK will have to make further
concessions to the EU the--you will see
it as a starting point to start the
conversation Nina after meeting Teresa
May in Berlin ahead of the NATO summit
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel said
that it's a good thing that we have
proposals on the table now that remark
was jumped upon by Briggs a tears as a
an encouraging sign even a modest
endorsement to what extent is Germany
key in allowing Teresa May to secure
this smooth and orderly brakes it that
she's promised look it's very
interesting that Teresa may had
supposedly discussed her proposals with
Angela Merkel before she even presented
them to the cabinet of course Germany
will be key as will all the other
European countries in order to keep the
conversation going I think it's really
important to distinguish that Germany
can't unilaterally make the decisions in
the EU there's a 27 member states who
the UK is negotiating with and the
people who are gonna be doing the
negotiating for the EU is of course
Michele Bonnier and the Commission team
so I'm glad Marco I wouldn't go so far
and say that you know she saw this as an
endorsement as her comments were an
endorsement obviously Germany's position
is gonna stay the same Germany has been
adamant throughout the brexit
negotiations that there can be no
cherry-picking so that means that the UK
can't carve off bits of the single
market that it wants while not having to
pay for any of its obligations Germany
has been one of the hardest countries in
the negotiations Germany and Angela
Merkel supposedly even asked why the UK
should have a transition period after
brexit because that is indeed what the
UK needs in order to keep the continuity
for businesses so I wouldn't go so far
as saying Angela Merkel is endorsing the
UK's position as I already mentioned the
UK will have to make further concessions
but Angela Merkel is very much aware of
the difficult domestic politics for
Teresa May and she's keen to keep the
negotiations going John Johnston for
anyone who doesn't follow that the the
minutiae of British politics with the
governing Conservative Party in such
disarray where is the political
opposition surely with this mess they
should be riding high in in the opinion
polls and would the opposition Labour
Party be any better at a delivering
brigs it than the governing
Conservatives well certainly we've seen
that Labour Party
to have not been able to fully
capitalize in the polls in terms of
taking over the Conservatives they have
a problem also with Brett's at their
brexit position is quite ambiguous for
them I think at the moment as the
opposition that works well they're able
to allow the Conservative Party to tear
itself apart and they only really have
to face up to coming up with a plan for
brexit if the government Falls obviously
they want to do that and if that happens
I think the Labour Party are also going
to find themselves in trouble when it
comes to coming up with a coherent
position on braixen Jonathan let's it
breaks it inevitable can anything now
prevent it a second referendum perhaps
in the events the last few days have
made no brexit situation much like year
we have now three months to go before
the final EU summit in October where
this is all meant feeds wrapped up and
signed off now at the moment the
government's in disarray Theresa May has
still not accepted that we're going to
be in the customs union and the singer
market or else the UK is going to be
split so there are a lot more
concessions from the UK side when she
makes those concessions she may well be
defenestrated by either one of her wings
so she advocates splitting up the UK she
might be brought down by the Democratic
Unionist Party in Northern Ireland and a
lot of other MPs recites and then she
goes to the full singer marking and
customs option a customs union option
then she might be brought down by the
breaks tears so she and may well not be
long for this prime ministerial world
and as the chaos rat ramps up the the
freefall will take place and inside that
void there could be a real momentum from
both sides to change course and that's
the point to which there could be a
renewed call for a people's vote to ask
the bush people is this really what we
want
Nina Schick what do you make of what you
heard there what damage was this
infighting within the governing party
over Briggs it done to Britain standing
in the world obviously it's not a
tremendous amount of damage to Britain
standing in the world again let's not
forget that it's been two years since
Britain voted to leave the European
Union the kind of domestic political
turmoil you sins
since then I don't think has even climax
I think there's a lot more on the way
the reason for that as many European
political analyst let such as myself
have been looking at the complicated
relationship between the UK and the EU
for the past X amount of years is that
of course this was going to be difficult
and a lot of politicians made promises
especially on the brexit side which are
impossible to deliver so as Teresa mais
government has been slowly mugged by
reality there's been a lot of casualties
shall we say in the political scene and
one of them being Boris Johnson you know
as foreign secretary I mean we just know
him as somebody who is prone to gaffes
all the time he certainly didn't do very
well for Britain as its chief diplomat
on the world and I think that a lot of
people are just looking at Britain
baffled and wondering what's going on
and as I already mentioned I think
there's a little bit more of that still
to come John Johnson if you had to put
money on it
Hart Briggs it's off Briggs it no Briggs
it I think at the moment the prospect of
a New Deal scenario is looming we have a
deal that will probably not be accepted
by Europe and the red lines it's a
reason they would have to cross in order
to get that deal through will not be
accepted in the UK Parliament so at the
moment I think that the New Deal
scenario is starting to look a lot more
likely and what happens then the Britain
crashes out I can see Jonathan list
disagree agreeing with that Jonathan
yeah I think you know deal is has always
been impossible no dear we have to we
have to look at what a No Deal actually
means it grounds planes between the UK
and the EU it stops radioisotopes
potentially from travelling to the
bedsides of radiotherapy patients it's a
total catastrophe it means a breakdown
of the UK economy overnight and a border
in in Ireland which could resume through
the instability in and even war in that
in that province and so it's it's a
total disaster and no government could
ever advocate that position and we know
who the UK government has been running
from it because the evie they have made
every concession necessary to the EU
over the last year because they are so
such so scared of a No Deal story and it
Nino do you want to chip
they're very brief answer I need from me
please I agree with Jonathan that the No
Deal scenario is the nuclear option and
it's nobody wants to have that neither
the UK nor the EU nonetheless very
strange things have been happening in
global politics in the past two years
and I wouldn't put it beyond this
government to see that there could be a
no deal option simply because let's say
negotiations get completely log-jammed
because of domestic politics here at
home EU politics on the European stage
and global events with you know what
Donald Trump is doing for example at the
NATO summit this week so I don't think
it's impossible I don't think it's my
base case scenario but the most
disastrous outcome is still very much an
option on the table
Jonathan lists one last question to you
the independence that they're now online
newspaper wandered on Wednesday if with
100 days to go the divisions within the
UK societies within UK society rather
over Briggs it can ever be healed
can they it will be a very very long
process as funny isn't it when when a
brexit ears say a new referendum a
people's vote would be the it would be
incredibly divisive brexit is always
going to be divisive whatever happens
from now on is going to divide us and if
it turns out that we do breaks it and
the economy disintegrates people lose
their jobs when they're promised
prosperity and sovereignty and control
and all of those things go down that is
going to be the most advice if event of
our generation okay
there we're gonna have to leave it many
thanks indeed to all of you Jonathan
lists Nina Schick and John Johnston all
of whom are in London and thank you too
for watching don't forget you can see
the program at any time just by going to
the website aljazeera.com for further
discussion join us at our Facebook page
at facebook.com forward slash AJ inside
story you can also join the conversation
on twitter our handle at aj inside story
from me adrian Finnegan and the whole
team here in Doha thanks for watching
we'll see you again bye for now
you
