they are looking surprisingly healthy
considering their ordeal the rescued
boys are being isolated from their
parents to reduce the risk of infection
in hospital Adisa kwang-soo John gave
his son a big thumbs up when he saw him
he was one of the first to start looking
for his son long boo when he disappeared
almost three weeks ago welcomed him and
I'm gone I didn't feel confident that my
boy can do this even though he knows how
to swim but I'm not sure if he's a good
swimmer he only got basic swimming
lessons at school but I'm very happy and
proud he came out safely he can't wait
to hold his son but understands it might
take a few more days
he won't get gone the first thing I want
to do is hug him all parents have the
same feeling I want to see the face of
my child and embrace him and ask him how
he feels and how he's doing
the five hour long hazardous journey out
of the narrow flooded cave system has
taken its toll on the children and their
coach the commander of the Thai Navy
SEAL divers who played a vital role in
the rescue says they were very cold mass
today while the boys got special full
face masks with oxygen circulating all
the time
the divers carried them out and they
were wearing wetsuits to keep them warm
we made them relaxed and calm and slowly
moved them out but they were very cold
the complexity of the rescue operation
became clear when trucks full of
equipment drove away hours after the
last cave rescue was completed 20 tons
of oxygen tanks ropes lights and food
supplies have been ferried underground
cleanup has started after a rescue
operation unprecedented for its scale
and complexity has been called an
extraordinary example of human strength
and resilience family one cave and the
rescue of the wild boar soccer team will
now go down in history as the moment
really impossible was made possible
while their families school friends and
everyone else in Thailand celebrated
their safe return the footballers will
have to stay in hospital for at least a
week to recover hoping that the first
heart with their parents will be sooner
than that
that fasten al-jazeera chiang mai
thailand
