the Syrian government says almost 80% of
Daraa is under its control more towns
and villages continue to surrender
agreeing to so called reconciliation
deals that pave the way for a return to
government rule tens of thousands of the
displaced Syrians have since returned
home but the United Nations says some
200,000 people continue to seek safety
close to the border with the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights some
there are media activists and
journalists who are considered by the
government to be terrorists for their
involvement and opposition activities
colleagues are appealing for help some
270 journalists are trapped in Daraa
the borders are closed they face
imminent danger and their lives are at
risk they fear they will be killed or
arrested we also be given safe exit
we've lost contact with many of them
some of those opposition media workers
are under siege in the rebel controlled
southern half of Duras city since Sunday
Army soldiers and their allies encircled
the opposition and clave in the
provincial capital government opponents
are to be given safe passage to rebel
controlled areas in the north that
condition was among the terms of Friday
ceasefire deal between the rebels and
the Russian military which was
negotiating on behalf of the Syrian
government the opposition says the
transfer to ad-lib will happen once the
rest of the deal is implemented many
Syrians are afraid to live under
President Bashar al Assad's rule Syrian
human rights activists have documented
21 cases of executions and dozens of
arrests since government troops moved
into opposition areas during their
almost three week
offensive ended out
we have seen this happen before in
Aleppo in Eastern water even in the Homs
district of Alwar the regime executes
and arrests people despite assurances
Daraa is no different we have the names
of the victims and eyewitness accounts
they kill children and the elderly on
the basis that their sons or relatives
participated in the fight against the
regime the takeover of Daraa is another
win for Assad who now controls around
60% of the country but these victories
are doing little to foster peace and
security for all Syrians Russian
commanders say military police are being
sent to guarantee the Syrian government
won't exact retribution on civilians who
lived in rebel areas it's a promise that
has been made in the past and a promise
the opposition doesn't trust
XANA Hodder al Jazeera Beirut
