it all started with fires Dwight and
Steven Hammond admitted setting on their
own ranch land which they claimed
accidentally crossed onto federal land
but a jury convicted them of arson and
the father and son were sentenced to
five years when they went to prison
little did anyone know that the cases of
these two men who were opposed to the US
government controlling grazing land
would become a rallying call for some
the Hammonds have turned themselves in
it's time for you to leave our community
in 2016 the plight of the imprisoned
father and son attracted the attention
of a group with a political agenda armed
men who saw themselves as defenders of
rural landowners abused by federal
government overreach broke into the
offices of an Oregon National Wildlife
Refuge because we have allowed our
federal government to step outside the
bounds of the Constitution they have the
come down upon the people and are
prosecuting them now directly the armed
protesters faced off with police for
nearly six weeks ending in one
protesters death meanwhile the father
and son who inspired the standoff
remained in prison until now on Tuesday
President Trump granted the men full
pardons a statement from the White House
press secretary reads the Hammonds our
devoted family men respected
contributors to their local community
and have widespread support from their
neighbors local law enforcement and
farmers and ranchers across the West the
presidential pardon though has sparked
concern and may embolden more protesters
to take up arms they're looking for
another opportunity to take over public
land or have a showdown with law
enforcement agents and this will only
embolden them I do fear that it's just a
matter of time before we see another
standoff there's also the question of a
pattern to Trump's pardons most of the
eight people who've received pardons are
figures popular with Trump's base they
include a conservative writer convicted
of campaign finance fraud a sheriff who
racially profiled suspected illegal
immigrants in a former vice presidential
chief of staff convicted of obstruction
of
justice the father-and-son ranchers now
joined the fold with the right-wing
applauding another win delivered by
Trump
Heidi Joe Castro al-jazeera Washington
