after their 17-day underground ordeal
all 12 boys and their coach saw daylight
for the first time
ending a massive international rescue
effort that made headlines worldwide it
began as a local search and ended after
experts from many countries flew in to
help today team Thailand government
officials and the private sector as well
as the media members and the world's
mobile support we managed to do
something that we've never expected we
could do it's a world first the search
began on June the 23rd when the football
team and their coach were reported
missing after Dave gone exploring in a
cave torrential rain flooded the cave
system delaying the search for days the
first contact was made with a team more
than a week after disappearing expert
divers found them all alive in darkness
sheltering on a dry ledge they were
hungry but in stable conditions the boys
were given food and medicine for minor
wounds getting them out was going to be
complicated initial reports said it
could take months and experts debated
the best options
rescuers pumped millions of litres of
water out of the cave complex while
Mountaineers continue to look for a
safer exit above the dangers were
enormous
a former Thai Navy SEAL diver died after
running out of oxygen four days ago then
on Sunday the first success with the
rescue of four boys and another four on
Monday then on Tuesday afternoon
confirmation that all twelve boys and
their coach were safe from fear -
cautious optimism than - relief and
celebration all of them are now under
medical supervision for a week in this
hospital here in Chiang Rai two of the
children have contracted lung infection
and they are receiving medication while
laboratory tests done and everybody is
expected to last for several days at
this point we don't know for sure
whether they have been physically
reunited with their families since they
are still under quarantine
we were told though that their family
some of the parents were able to see
their children through glass windows but
again the reunification is something
that is everyone here that everyone here
has been looking forward to and there is
something that is expected to come in
about a week or so
