judging the US Supreme Court Democrats
are alarmed at Donald Trump's choice of
Justice to join the highest court in
America they say Brett Cavanaugh is a
Republican loyalist who's too
conservative and right-wing so can he
win an expected fish confirmation battle
in the Senate this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle the latest political
battleground in the US Senate as soon
set to become Donald Trump's choice for
Supreme Court judge the president's
nomination of Republican loyalist Bret
Cavanaugh is opposed by Democrats they
say Trump's trying to tilt the nine
justices in the highest court in the
land towards the conservative right now
advocacy groups have already begun
spending millions of dollars to persuade
senators to make the right choice when
they vote in the autumn the confirmation
is expected to shape the Supreme Court
for at least a generation we'll get to
our guests in a couple of moments but
first John Hendren has this report from
Washington with all the suspense and
drama of a reality TV show President
Trump picked the favorite tonight it is
my honor and privilege to announce that
I will nominate judge Brett Kavanaugh to
the United States Supreme Court the
nomination of the president's choice for
the US Supreme Court has already begun a
battle between liberals and
conservatives that will cost millions of
dollars and could dominate the November
midterm elections mr. Trump's
presentation and mr. Cavanaugh's almost
was a political campaign appealing less
to judicial philosophy than to what
people might think they were voting for
as a political candidate if confirmed by
a narrowly divided Senate 53 year old
Cavanaugh is expected to tilt the
nation's highest court decisively to the
right in opposition to such issues as
abortion and gay rights despite making
this promise I believe that an
independent judiciary is the crown jewel
of our constitutional republic if
confirmed by the Senate I will keep an
open mind in every case and I will
always strive to preserve the
Constitution of the United States and
the American rule of law with respect to
the Constitution
he believes in paying attention to what
the framers thought they were writing
when they wrote that language in that
sense he's not going to be an attractive
candidate for those of a more liberal
persuasion
pro-abortion demonstrators and others
began protesting on the steps of the
court even before Trump made the
announcement Cavanaugh was a former
staff secretary to President George W
Bush and a former aide to Kenneth Starr
he was the special counsel whose
investigation led to the impeachment
trial of President Bill Clinton with
Trump facing a special counsel of his
own he may now have a key ally Cavanaugh
has already spoken out against indicted
a sitting president in the Minnesota Law
Review he wrote the indictment and trial
of a sitting president moreover would
cripple the federal government rendering
it unable to function with credibility
in either the international or domestic
arenas of all the people the most
self-serving person he could choose in
order to protect himself from this
criminal investigation we cannot let
this confirmation process go forward
with the US Senate deciding the
nomination and split between 51
Republicans and 49 Democrats every vote
will count conservative groups have
already launched an ad campaign he wants
the best of the best on the Supreme
Court and the president has signaled
he's ready for the battle Trump has set
up a nomination war room next door to
the White House and the Eisenhower
executive office building assigned to
liberals that the battle is on
John Hendren al Jazeera the White House
well the Supreme Court is the highest in
the United States it focuses on major
constitutional issues such as civil
rights free speech and abortion the
court upheld Trump's travel ban last
month preventing several preventing
people from several mainly Muslim
countries from entering the u.s. the
courts nine justices and nominated by
the President and then confirmed by the
Senate
they served for life so it's unusual for
any president to appoint more than two
or three with the retirement of Anthony
Kennedy a swing voter for many years
Trump's nominee is expected to move the
court to the right if
republican-controlled Senate confirms
the president's choice so plenty to
discuss today and joining us to do so
from Austin in Texas
Sanford Levinson professor of government
at the University of Texas law school
from Washington DC kenneth Jost author
of the Supreme Court yearbook and legal
affairs blog Jost on justice and also in
Austin Texas
Matthew makovica Republican consultant
and former aide to President George W
Bush great to have you all here a very
warm welcome to you now for our
international audience who might not be
avid followers of American news can we
just start with why this nomination is
such a big deal for America and Samford
if you could perhaps shed some light on
this for us well the Supreme Court is
split right now four to four with
Anthony Kennedy's absence and Brett
Kavanaugh will clearly resolve the split
in favor of five very conservative
Republicans who will read the
Constitution and I would emphasize also
statutes the Constitution is important
but we're a state of statutes and many
of the most important and I would argue
most regrettable decisions of the
Supreme Court in recent years have
involved statutory interpretation as
well as constitutional interpretation
but in any event Kavanaugh will move the
court in a distinctly conservative
direction that's why he was appointed
and just give us some examples of what
you're talking about that
well the best single example has to do
with access to the courts at all if for
example you've been the victim of fraud
by corporations the court over the last
several years has read a hitherto
obscure Arbitration Act of nineteen
twenty five basically to allow
corporations to impose contracts on
anybody who uses their products not to
be able to sue but instead to be forced
to go to individual arbitration where
basically they're guaranteed to lose and
almost nobody in fact takes advantage of
this it's this is extraordinarily
important with regard to the actual
rights of ordinary American men and
women and the Supreme Court I should say
the conservatives on the Supreme Court
have been on a successful war over the
last decade or so with regard to
depriving ordinary people of access to
courts okay a few what sort of judge
what sort of man is Brett Kavanaugh to
expect him to continue in the same vein
as Sanford talks about that yeah I think
what's important understand about judge
Kavanaugh is a few things number one he
has a sterling record and reputation
Yale College Yale Law School he's taught
at Harvard twelve years on the second
highest court in the United States the
DC Circuit Court when he was put up for
four nomination by by President Bush
took three years to get him confirmed
but he did get confirmed and he got four
Senate Democratic votes at that time
this is someone who's been an
influential jurist I believe he's
written 11 dissents on the DC Circuit
Court that have been agreed with by a
majority of the Supreme Court he's very
intelligent very well-liked he was
served served in the bush White House
first in the counsel's office and then
as staff secretary one of the most
senior positions in the White House so
he's got a long record
300 opinions they're gonna dig through
those I'm sure they'll find a couple
that they'll really question him very
very you know difficult lis on those
issues but look if you step back for a
second the condom eaning of this
nomination is significant and honestly
it's it's as much as anything else
chance that the swing vote would come up
during Trump's tenure could have come up
in Obama's tenure could come up for the
next president in this case that came up
while trump was president and so
generally Democratic presidents try to
move the court in the liberal direction
Republican presidents try to move the
court in a conservative direction it's
when the swing vote comes up and you
have a chance to replace the swing vote
that that things can change now Kennedy
has not been a reliable liberal and
everything he's been conservative on a
number of things and especially fiscal
issues but he's been liberal to moderate
on social issues gay marriage another
another issues related to social issues
so this is consequential ultimately I
think Democrats are pretty limited in
what they can do the filibuster no
longer exists for Supreme Court nominees
unless they lose to Republicans which I
don't think they will Cavanaugh will be
confirmed likely in late September
Kenneth why do you think Justice Kennedy
did choose to retire now when he knew
that that swing position would be lost
to a conservative there has been
reporting here in Washington that
Justice Kennedy in fact consulted with
people in the Trump circle in the Trump
White House and got some assurance that
the president would appoint someone that
Kennedy would approve of specifically
his former law clerk judge Cavanaugh
those are only reports but they are
intriguing reports Oh Kennedy and
Justice Kennedy is 81 about to turn 82
so it was it was time for him to think
about retiring to California and leaving
Washington behind sure okay yeah we can
forgive him at 81 for wanting to do that
I mean Kennedy may may approve of
Cavanaugh the republicans may approve
but what about the democrats what
challenges can its as this appointment
pose for them
well two issues already mentioned that
met that Matthew mentioned abortion and
gay rights reproductive rights and gay
rights justice Kennedy cast important
decisive votes three years ago in favor
of recognizing same-sex marriage and
striking down a restrictive law from
Texas regulating abortion clinics in a
way that would have shut many of them
down but we may hear more in over the
next three months about these issues one
presidential power judge Cavanaugh is
described as an unapologetic advocate
for unit four presidential power under
our Constitution an article two kind of
guy and that matters a lot to President
Trump while he is under investigation we
may also hear about gun rights one of
the dissenting opinions I think that
Matthew referred to was he wanted to
strike down a law here in Washington DC
banning semi-automatic rifles
campaign-finance is another era area
that we're going to hear a lot about he
has judge Kavanagh has been has has
written up in an opinion striking down
one campaign finance law and another the
administrative state the the regulatory
apparatus that that business groups in
particular are so concerned with judge
Kavanagh has been a critic of regulation
on many environmental issues among
others okay I'm saying just two points
that I want to pick up on the
presidential power and the abortion
let's go with the abortion first it is a
key issue how do you think he will want
to rule on that given the chance I think
it is quite unlikely that he will not
vote to overrule Roe when he gets a
chance
that there's you know there's just no
reason at all to think that he would be
a fifth vote to keep Roe vs. Wade
alive and I think anybody who believes
otherwise anybody who takes seriously
what judge Kavanagh will undoubtedly say
that he has great respect for president
for precedent for earlier decisions the
court I think that's really quite
nonsensical because the fact is that
both liberal and conservative justices
are quite happy to overrule past
decisions they think were wrongly
decided and I would be astonished if
judge Kavanaugh did not believe that Roe
was wrongly decided
Matthew do you agree with that I mean he
has said that he will preserve the
Constitution and the American rule of
law but do you not believe in there then
I happened to catch a rebroadcast of his
confirmation hearing to the DC Circuit
Court when it aired on c-span late last
night here in the United States and in
that hearing he did confirm that Roe vs.
Wade is the law of the land and that
precedent
matters and he said precedent matters
last night in when he was unveiled as
the nominee I don't know I don't share
the confidence of my fellow colleague
here that we know with certainty how any
of these judges would would rule of the
eight that are on the court now only one
has ever expressed specifically what
they would do on Roe vs. Wade and that's
Clarence Thomas and he is willing to
overturn Roe vs. Wade the other eight or
not on the other seven plus now this
nominee are not on the record we can
speculate about it one of the questions
is going to be what will the challenge
be and this goes back to part of why
Cavanaugh was attractive to
conservatives attractive to the Trump
Whitehouse and attractive to Senate
Republicans and that is it's not about
political preferences it's not about the
outcome that you want it's not about a
judge acting as a legislator or it is
about textualism and originalism these
are two terms that mean a lot in
conservative legal circles and they have
been gaining mostly because
of the legacy and the lifetime of
service of Antonin Scalia
textualism refers to looking at statues
as sandy mentioned earlier looking at
the actual language what is the language
of the law say and interpreting it very
specifically originalism looks at the
intent of the founders at the time the
Constitution was written and so if you
are an originalist and you are a
textualist you look at those two things
and you look at every decision through
that lens I don't think in the
short-term or even in the medium-term
Roe versus Wade it's likely to be
overturned what I do think you might see
is restrictions on how it can how it can
work going forward you might see
additional restrictions perhaps late
term abortion could be outlawed for
example but even if it were overturned
let's say or will overturn two years
from now it would not be illegal it
would then go to the states and you
would likely have thirty or thirty five
or forty states where it would probably
be legal so I think there's a couple
points there on Roe vs. Wade that need
to be put on the table Democrats
certainly want to make this about Roe
versus Wade I think he is likely to
adhere to the Ginsberg standard of not
forecasting how he would judge an
upcoming potential ruling okay we're
certainly gonna be in a big issue isn't
it in his confirmation hearing when he's
gonna get a huge grilling especially on
this issue and then we're gonna see a
big battle in the Senate haunt me and
the Republicans only had the slimmest of
majorities I mean Kenneth every vote is
going to count in this battle oh that's
that's quite right and some there is
some disappointment among Trump's
political base many social conservatives
favored Amy Barrett a newly appointed
federal appeals court judge who was seen
as a certain vote to overrule roe v wade
and these social conservatives are
dubious about judge Kavanagh and the key
player on this issue
maybe surely is Chief Justice Roberts
does he want to be in a headline that
says roe v wade overruled
there's some reason to think that he
wouldn't really real
that headline and if judge Cavanaugh
comes across as more respectful of
precedent than ready to overrule roe v
wade that helps Senate confirmation by
easing any doubts that the two
Republican female senators might have
Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins if they
stay on reservation his confirmation is
assured okay Santa can see you've got
something to add that yeah I agree that
what was just said about Susan Collins
and Lisa Luke house key let me say to be
very blunt that I think it is close to
none sensical to believe that what a
judge being appointed to what the
Constitution calls the inferior federal
judiciary what a nominee says about
precedent will carry over to the very
very peculiar office of the Supreme
Court justice it is the case that an
inferior court judge is bound by what
the Supreme Court says it would be
astonishing if any appellate judge of an
inferior court tried to in effect
overrule the Supreme Court once you get
on Supreme Court all bets are off and
the the belief that what judge Kavanagh
says about precedent is something you
could take to the bank to get a loan on
is just silly he's a very smart guy he
will say the right things in order to
make it possible for Collins and
Murkowski to vote for him but quite
frankly the this is not a court that
exhibits great respect for precedent
and it's not a certainty I agree that
was said before if it's not a sure thing
he could surprise this I also agree that
Chief Justice Roberts is key on this but
if you're a betting person it would be
foolish to put a lot of money on the
survival of Roe okay
I'm Matthew you mentioned before that
there's no filibuster so even if even if
Cavanaugh does get the votes he needed
we saw in 2016 the Obama's nomination
judge Merrick garland was blocked by the
Republicans can there not be some sort
of ploy that the Democrats can pull out
of the bag this time no and that's
because the math matters in the Senate
at the time that Merrick garland was
nominated by President Obama Republicans
held the majority in the Senate so they
had the ability to decide whether a
Supreme Court nominee would be
considered in electing a presidential
election year they continue to hold the
majority and so this goes back to
decisions that the Democratic leaders
like Harry Reid and Chuck Schumer have
made in recent years having the
filibuster would be pretty valuable
right now for the Democrats that was
gotten rid of Chuck Schumer decided to
filibuster Neal Gorsuch a supremely
qualified nominee to the Supreme Court
and ultimately Senate Majority Leader
McConnell got rid of the filibuster
because of that and so that that option
doesn't exist anymore and so the
Democrats are actually pretty limited
they're gonna try to slow this down say
you know demand every single document in
the history of his of his life
everything he's ever looked at
everything he's ever written everything
he's ever said and given that he's done
300 opinions he has a long legal career
as an appellate lawyer there's a lot of
material out there but I still think
that that ultimately the Senate majority
is going to wanted a ninth justice
seated before the October term begins
the fall term begins and that unless he
handles his confirmation hearing poorly
which there's no reason to believe he
will but if he does that could slow
things down if he handles it well and he
answers the questions and the private
meetings with senators go well I think
he's going to be confirmed and I think
it's actually more likely he's going to
get Democratic votes in favor then that
he will lose Republican votes from Susan
Collins or at least
Kowski you have three Democrats that
voted for Neil Gorsuch last year you had
four Senate Democrats vote for Kavanagh
when he was considered in 2006 and
you've got five six maybe seven
Democrats who are gonna consider I think
voting for Kavanagh this time the three
that voted for Gorsuch and then four
more who are in red states in tough
races this fall but ultimately the
public is gonna have to see how Kavanagh
does and they're gonna issue their own
ruling in terms of public approval of
this nominee so given that it seems that
Cavanaugh is a likely next judge on the
Supreme Court
it can face or to broaden the discussion
out as we draw it to an end why is it
that America chooses Supreme Court
judges for life I mean it does feel like
there's an unnecessary finality about it
well our Constitution was written now
225 years ago and the decision that the
framers made was was that federal judges
need lifetime tenure in order to
guarantee their independence there is
some discussion of of some kind of term
limit for Supreme Court justices but
that discussion has gone in nowhere and
will go nowhere
sandy lost lost lost lost thought sandy
just I'm just wondering how much
Americans actually talking about this
and how much they actually care about
this down well unfortunately I agree
with Ken Jos that I'm not a big admirer
of the United States Constitution I
think it has a lot of flaws and I think
that life tenure especially for Supreme
Court justices is one of them if you
look at most countries around the world
and very very importantly if you look at
the 50 state constitutions within the
United States you discover that life
tenure is extraordinarily rare for very
good reason it's a stupid idea to have
somebody on the highest court for 30
years but we are stuck with it and one
of the worst features of the US
Constitution is that it's next to
impossible to amend so that's why can
is right that discussions of getting rid
of life tenure aren't going anywhere
because there's a belief that frankly
nothing can be done right and that there
is a whole new inside story but so on
that note we're gonna have to leave it
for this program today many thanks to
all our guests for joining us today
sandy Levinson Kenneth Jost and Matthew
Maccoby ak and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website that's
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
do go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com slash AJ Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
Twitter a handle is at AJ inside story
from me Laura Coyle and the whole team
here it's bye for now
you
