poor farmers growing opium poppies in
Mexico's violent southwest and Hawkes
young lookouts in the territories the
country's gangs are battling over two
examples of those who could benefit from
president elect and there's Manuel Lopez
/ adores most controversial proposal
amnesty for those on the lowest rungs of
organized crime he and his team have
emphasized that violent criminals will
continue to be prosecuted but the young
and the poor instead of being punished
should be offered a way out more than
using force will attack the causes that
create insecurity and violence I'm
convinced that the most efficient and
most humane way to confront these evils
demand combating inequality and poverty
his policy center around getting the
younger and unemployed into jobs and
rejuvenating dying rural communities
which can be incubators for organized
crime it's a radical change after years
of a full-frontal strategy in which
police and even the armed forces have
been deployed on mass onto the country
streets kingpins have been captured or
killed
cartels dismantled but as they
fragmented the violence is only
increased 2018 is projected to be the
deadliest year on record but far from
everybody thinks that lopez obrador
change of strategy is the answer he's
been vague about how exactly it would
play out and in the campaign his
political opponents saw it as a weakness
and attacked it relentlessly so many
have lost a relative or friend here that
forgiveness for anyone involved in
organized crime sits uneasily no I don't
want to see the guilty behind bars I
don't want this to stay like this
forgotten unpunished because then who
will make sure I have justice for my
husband
how will we have justice
observers say the amnesty right or wrong
can't be the only solution among other
things the police and judicial system
urgently need improvements but as the
killings continue there is a consensus
that a new approach has to be tried John
Holman al-jazeera
Mexico City
