hi I'm Fermi okay and you're in the
stream we are live on al-jazeera
and YouTube something that often gets
lost in reporting of Syria's war the
experiences of everyday people who find
themselves caught up in it today we hear
some of their stories in 2011 Marwan
Hashem and his close friends may L and
Tarek joined the first protests of the
Arab Spring in Syria they marched
through the streets shouting
anti-government slogans running from
soldiers and tear gas five years later
one was a rebel one had been killed by
government forces and one Marwan was a
journalist my one began working with
American artists and journalists Molly
crabapple that was back in 2015 when she
drew illustrations or secret photos he
took in his hometown of Raqqa while it
was under the control of ISIL the
success of that project and the rapport
they developed with a seed for brothers
of the gun an intimate memoir of life in
Syria that Marwan and Molly worked on
together so they join us today Marwan
Hashem is in Ankara Turkey and Molly
crabapple is with us from New York hello
Molly hello Mohan it seems appropriate
that we connect via the internet because
that's how you two connected I'm sure
you've got two slightly different
stories Marwan how did you meet Molly so
we must through Twitter we started
following each other in early 2014 and
then Molly asked me to a contributor to
coach me for an article she was writing
about jihadist activity in on social
media and from them we we started to
communicate regularly after we decided
to work together
remarkable Twitter relationship money
let me show people a couple of the early
tweets that probably caught your eye
this one here is from mom from 2014
suspends education in raqqa prohibits
students living in its territories who
go into scores so that woman was from
December of 2014
another one of these early tweets a
translation from Marwan we do not serve
unveiled women hashtag of Raqqa
what were the tweets that caught your
eye Mali that made you think I need to
work with this guy well originally there
was a small group of people you know
analysts journalists some Syrians are
some people outside who would talk about
Syria but there's only one guy who had
Raqqa as his location in his hunter bio
yeah and at that time Raqqa was under
Isis occupation and I almost couldn't
believe it I was like how can this guy
be tweeting from you know under Isis I
mean Isis murders journalists and so I
got to know him and I realized that
indeed he was tweeting from under them
and he was just a human of lunatic
bravery uh-huh and so I started quoting
him he started just giving me
information about stuff like Isis
banning the World Cup at cafes also we
started to become friends because I was
learning Arabic and Marwan had an
amazing Arabic literary education and
then he was happy to teach me a lot of
and after a while I one day I asked him
I was like Marwan chickeny cellphone
photos on your phone of just daily life
sort of things that you know we all have
of our hometowns and he said well I
don't but I could take some so Marwan
explained what it took to take some
pictures in Aleppo and in Raqqa as well
and myself so there is difference
between taking pictures from under Isis
and pictures from rebel controlled
territories you might get in trouble I
mean they might arrest you detainee
there the rebels but it's never that
that serious Isis look at you
immediately as a spy working for for
intelligence and then you're gonna
definitely be executed those day there
was one time where
you were asked for your phone and you
had a whole lot of contacts on your
phone can you tell us that story because
that was a very scary moment for you
yeah so it was a bit funny I had to make
a backup plan and it was to put some
jihad in a sheet and your phone because
so there's no coverage no mobile
coverage outside and so there's no
justification for you to take out your
phone unless you're doing something
offline and I satisfied eating my
sandwich and taking picture of this
police officer and he he noticed or was
suspicious and came to me so I started
playing this machine and we when he
heard it he was like okay he thought not
only would you eating your sandwich but
also being very super religious and very
observant Molly did you have any idea
the danger that you were asking Marwan
to put himself in so this guy he kind of
lied to me about that I asked him I was
like you're not gonna take any risks
right to take photos and he's like oh no
no it's my hometown I would never do
that and then I think the first thing
that crystallized to me the really mad
daring that he had was he snuck into an
Isis Hospital and he sent me photos and
I was like what are you doing man and
he's like oh don't worry there are no
cameras and I point out him like right
in your photo there's a CCTV camera but
he fortunately it was not working and I
mean after that I did know the risk of
it but ultimately it wasn't me asking
him to take those risks so much as
Marwan deciding to take those risks
because he had determined that life
inside Raqqa was just dangerous and he
was willing to take on additional danger
to be a journalist there's something I
want to show everybody here maro and go
ahead dad yeah so if
very important that you know risk is
part of everyday life
yeah in such situation so what is what
you're facing today you could be
arrested you could be killed from
bombing anything could happen to you
basically so something like that except
for in a specific moment it's I mean it
will sound unusual to say but it didn't
sound crazy to me or serious at that
time because simply I yeah I was facing
similar situations every day and this
what encouraged me what's really
interesting about the front cover of the
book of other than this striking
illustration is that the memoir is by
both of you it's not illustrated by
Molly and written by Marwan it actually
says Marwan and Molly Molly I want to
take us through a couple of your
illustrations there's one that you
particularly picked here but I've got on
my laptop which is one of the early
protests in Raqqa why did you want us to
see that particular image so many people
have tried to write out the origins of
the Syrian Revolution they've tried to
reduce the entire revolution in the war
to geopolitics to a matter of a fight
between Assad and Isis or a fight
between Russia and Iran on one hand and
Saudi and Qatar in the US on another and
they forget that this actually started
as a popular uprising so I was very very
concerned with documenting those moments
of early protest this drawing it's the
first protest that the security forces
and the army shot live ammunition at the
protesters and to get an image like this
what I did was I poured over citizen
video and this citizen video it's blurry
you can barely tell what's going on in
it it's taken by people on their phones
holding them vertically running away
from teargas and running away from
bullets so what I would do is I would
freeze frame it over and over and over I
take maybe like hundred freeze frames I
would print them out I would lay them
out and then I would draw them all
together so that I could create like a
panorama so that I could restore what it
might have felt like to stand there what
it might have felt like to see these
protests through marwan's eyes
I want to share this thought with you it
comes from our online community and it's
it's an interesting take here HD Flores
says that something like a memoir is
inherently biased because a memoir is so
personal it will be shaped by the
beliefs and opinions of the author
although it can be a powerful recounting
of how events shape a person it must be
remembered that it is a one-sided
account of the events that took place I
agree that of course it's a memoir so
it's not supposed to be to give a
comprehensive picture of what's
happening it's about my life at that
specific time and specific places so of
course there is no book that can cover
everything that happened in the country
for seven more than seven years now but
it comes after after all she you know
the person's integrity and what he you
know what he witnessed and what he or
she thought more important but for me I
wanted to be as neutral as possible to
even discuss my feelings from from
myself but you know as much as I could
but when it comes to my opinions I
putted them down over there but when I
talked about my friends I try to be more
like journalist and then afraid friend
and also what I wasn't witness the
places I went to people I met I tried
also to give a very accurate accurate
picture of you know people life it's
strong and when are things that are
about myself and my emotions I put them
there and you know these are my opinion
sure let's give people a little example
there's a young man called Abu Mujahid
you met in Raqqa he's his dad was a
member of ISIL his dad was very strict
needless to say and there's a little
paragraph that you can share with us
give us a sense of what you thought
about this young man what was he doing
so this man was born to an Isis fighter
before Isis was named the Islamic groups
of Iraq and charm yeah when it was still
al Qaeda and when he grew up there and
when Isis cross the border and came to
Syria they started to relocate fighters
from different areas or from you know
Iraq to Syria back and forth and his
father with the whole family
was sent in a mission to Raqqa and I met
this very young guy he sounded very
interesting to me because with time I
discovered that he's typical he likes
playing video games but he's dad happens
to be a fighter in I saw we just a
little paragraph more on go ahead
yeah so to this day I wonder what Abu
Musa had might have been in another word
he was too timid to be a bully he did he
didn't start around like an amazing
fighter how in other people's fear he
wasn't some ball of social awkwardness
from Antwerp no disparate for a
recognition like my nephew who found in
the Kalashnikov and intimate uragan him
out from beneath the social imprisonment
inflicted by his family's older man Abu
Musa head was simply the son of a father
who happened to be a Nevada hardest he
was small calm nice innocent yes
innocent
it was the innocence the best best
talking to
like about today there's something so I
think there's something so important
about the a blue Mujahid's because when
you're dealing with a group that's not
only as evil as Isis but that is as
showy about its evil as Isis's but
doesn't try to conceal it there's a
tendency for people to say these are in
humans these are monsters with green
skin and tails and you know horns and
that's something very comforting for
people because if you say that Isis is
apart from humanity you don't have to
acknowledge the potential for evil that
lurks in people and I think that what we
were trying to do with the ugly
Mujahid's to say like no these these are
people these are humans they're humans
that often chose to do incomprehensible
evil but they're humans and they're not
apart from of species I apologize a kid
when he came and at first choice GTG to
show the real he not the one who Isis
basically erased that this whole phase
in his life which is teenage life and he
jumped from a kid to a man and when with
time when he kept coming and first time
he saw us smoking and then playing games
and all of these things immediately he
he wanted this escape and Simone you
basically corrupted this young man into
being a normal teen boy smoking and
playing video games but secretly there
is something that Molly a moment which
is remarkable from the way that you two
worked you couldn't be in two more
different worlds but somehow Molly you
tapped into the world that Marwin was
experiencing for instance there's a
sequence in the book where some women
come into the cafe that Marwan is
running he's running an internet cafe
he's very resourceful in Raqqa and
there's this woman that you drew but
also these women and these women stuck
out at me can you tell me their story
their story that you put into that
illustration
the first woman is a woman who's she's
an Athena Isis member whose job it was
she reminds me of the ants in The
Handmaid's Tale it was her job to guard
other women including enslaved uzd women
and the pair of the other two women the
women whose faces aren't covered those
are uzd women who have been kidnapped
from Sinjar a mother and her daughter
and then her infant baby and these women
have been brought in to marwan's cafe
these are women who would student be
sold to fighters and raped and go
through unimaginable horrors women who
had seen trauma the likes of which no
human is meant to comprehend and
probably seen their male family members
murdered and when I drew this image
Marwan obviously wasn't sitting around
taking pictures of these women so we
relied entirely on his memories and
Marlon was so strict with this he was
like this is not gonna be cliche I don't
want something that is degrading to
these women's dignity I don't want
something that looks like you know some
Madonna and Child Hallmark thing and I
don't want something lurid I want
something that's true and you just I
drew them again and again and again and
he would look at them and he'd say no
make her older make her younger make her
hands careless and I would just draw and
draw and draw and this one I'm so proud
of because I think that despite having
no reference of what these women looked
like I created something that was close
to truth mom I want to show our audience
some pictures of Molly at work we have
her working ferociously away and I'm
gonna tell you these pictures because
you two worked in a really interesting
way you helped each other with the
visuals you helped each other with the
way the memoir was written it reads like
a novel
who was the pushier who was the bossiest
Marlon I think I think the Liberty to a
dictator I mean unless a strategy to
section my memory I provided references
when I killed but when there are no
references I had to make sure that the
the the the drawings step by step
is very true to my memory so money would
have to that's every stage send it to me
and be like did I make this object here
like in the same size is it located in
the right place is it you know right you
you know this is how you main trade or
strong and especially in the challenges
I mean I'm not i have very you know
small idea about art but I can see how
difficult it can be especially facial
expressions so hard and this basically
Atticus that's why they enjoying about
his video women took us a long time to
complete because of these complexities
and there is certain feeling that is not
easy to to convey but also you need to
give the exact expression and already
and it was it was something very similar
to with how we wrote so ultimately of
course it was matter one's life Marwan
had the final say on everything but I
think that all writers are egomaniacs
and that's probably why most writers
don't co-write something like this to do
this book it started with notes that
Marwan had taken served teaches Leon his
phone when he was living under Isis I
mean nobody had to email to himself just
in case his phone was checked and Isis
would see it when he came to Turkey he
showed me these notes and then we laid
them all out we saw what needed to be
filled out and then I would just sit
next to him and I would interview him
and I would interrogate him I would say
what was it like to go through that
checkpoint what was the guy wearing how
high was the wall and I would write
something and I would give it to my wand
and he would go and he would say no you
ruined it it's not like this at all and
that is not literary writing you got the
facts wrong
bam bam bam and then I would go with
what he wrote and I would say marijuana
you're seriously overestimating the
educational level about the Middle East
that's happening in America right now we
got to explain this or else no American
will understand what you're saying and
we went back and forth and back and
forth I think some sentences we each
rewrote about 10 times to the point
where I don't think there's one sentence
in this book nor one line that I drew
that isn't the product of both of us
I want to share with you both a video
comment from Christine Benedict
Christian Benedict he's a campaign
manager for Amnesty International UK
have a listen
Thank You Marwan for telling us your
story in such an eloquent and vivid
manner an tamale for her rich and
poignant illustrations as you know we at
Amnesty International recently issued a
report stating that the us-led coalition
swarf annihilation in Raqqa killed
hundreds of civilians and the UK needs
to come clean over its role in this
carnage a coalition commander wrote last
year that there has never been a more
precise air campaign in history of armed
conflict and a few days ago the UK
defense sector we said our research was
disgraceful unfounded and damaging if
you had a message for the UK government
regarding its attitude toward civilians
in Raqqa what would it be hmm
know what I would say stop lying because
it's an obvious lie it doesn't need you
know so much research to see to wonder
this is he hosted according to many
reports number between 150,000 people
and 200 just right at the beginning of
the campaign that lasted for four months
where did those people go and one almost
80% to 90% from the houses they were
destroyed why and how could this
possibly be called a liberation and then
you say that you are like a very small
number they said thank you yeah and then
they increase the number to something 57
I think after your boss came and it
became a joke at least you are the
people to choose here let me put this to
both of you this is from Lena on Twitter
and she talks about how many people
being displaced from their homes in
southern Syria
and they're now trapped between Assad's
airstrikes and Jordans clothes border
why can't anyone get these people food
water medicine shelter UN UNHCR anyone
has time you little I mean the reason is
quite clear which is that Israel and
Jordan won't let people get them water I
mean it's it's it's not rocket science
all of these problems with refugees come
from two things which is first that
there are bombings and there are
military campaigns that are just placing
people from their homes but second that
people that the governments of the
neighboring states aren't allowing
people in they're not allowing people to
safety in Turkey they're shooting people
at the border in Lebanon people have
froze trying to sneak over the border in
the winter in Jordan they closed the
border and you have you know I think
hundreds of thousands of people in the
desert kids being killed by scorpions
there Israel obviously the border also
they have closed and they're not taking
refugees because these states haven't
opened their border they're not they're
creating an additional humanitarian
crisis to the humanitarian crisis the
Assad regime is created by bombing let
me share these two comments with you mo
I'm there from YouTube live right now I
don't think the Syrian civil war was
motivated by resources it began as a
protest of Assad's government during the
Arab Spring another comment live from
YouTube from Yolanda it's a difference
between cracking down on protesters and
destroying a country common sense should
tell you that Assad is not responsible
for destroying his own country outside
forces are to blame that could get us
into an hour's worth of conversation but
what I do want to end with just briefly
my one is what do you want people to get
out of your memoir your memoir are
mollys memoir what do you want what's
the takeaway in a sentence if you can if
there are any you know listens to to
drive from here
people should rely on themselves people
should unite among themselves and have
conversations because a divided
community cannot reach any outcome
except a tragic one shown and
people's lives really matter no matter
how what your opinions Thank You Marwan
Thank You Molly I'm just going to share
this with you mo on again it's coming
live on Twitter I'm really impressed and
motivated by Marwan well done buddy keep
that spirit just to remind you what
we're talking about Molly and marwan's
book brothers of the gun available right
now thanks for watching everybody
you'll catch us AJ stream on Twitter and
always online at Al Jazeera comm forward
slash the street see you next time
