with smiles and handshakes if he appears
Prime Minister left Eritrea and their
decades-long military standoff behind
him
Adi omits visit was high on symbolism
but also led to the most significant
steps yet towards peace between the two
longtime regional rivals the chances and
the opportunities were there for us and
we were hoping to use them but they were
locked away from us for the past 25
years 25 years is not a short time the
loss we incurred in the past 25 years
cannot be recovered but today we feel
like we have not lost anything we feel
as if what we've lost has been regained
I thought he'd say ah ah for Turkey good
day the wall that was built between our
people against their will for the last
20 years needs to be demolished the war
that took the lives of thousands and
wasted many years and cost us dearly
financially had finally become war
without death Hadi it took the first
step weeks ago by surprise and
controversial decision to accept the
terms of a peace deal they signed in the
year 2000 that ended a two-year conflict
over their shared border and now the two
leaders have decided to take it a step
further by opening that border and
re-establishing their embassies resuming
flights and developing ports but the
fast road to peace has some sobering
reminders territories will move in both
directions likely to resist being
finding themselves transferred to
another national jurisdiction were
divided by the new border so the
implementation is something that's gonna
have to be handled very carefully the
border dispute has taken at all areas
isolated regime and its focus on the
conflict with Ethiopia has seen
thousands of people flee the country
mainly to escape its mandatory military
conscription
ahve meanwhile wants to put landlocked
Ethiopia back on track as one of
Africa's fastest-growing economies with
access to Eritrea stret seaports
but for many it's a coming together of
the bitter force that have raised hopes
for peace in the Horn of Africa Priyanka
Gupta al-jazeera
