on Friday the British Prime Minister
Theresa May announced agreement for a
brexit strategy in which the UK would
align itself closely with many EU rules
three days later it's all falling apart
the resignation of Boris Johnson as her
foreign secretary goes beyond policy
differences this has the potential to
become a leadership contest Boris
Johnson was a figurehead at the 2016
campaign for brexit and he has long-held
ambitions to be Prime Minister himself
the news of his resignation came shortly
before Theresa May came to Parliament to
explain Friday's agreement and she was
met with laughter and derision from the
opposition and stony faces from her own
side in the two years since the
referendum we have had a spirited
national debate
with with robust views occurring around
the cabinet table as they have on
breakfast tables up and down the country
how can anyone have faith in the Prime
Minister getting a good deal with 27
European Union governments when she
can't even broker a deal with in her own
cabinet first late on Sunday David Davis
the man tasked with actually negotiating
brexit with the EU chose to resign
rather than present a strategy he did
not agree with in his resignation letter
he wrote the general direction of policy
will leave us in at best a weak
negotiating position and possibly an
inescapable one Teresa may replied I do
not agree with your characterization of
the policy we agreed on at cabinet on
Friday I'm sorry that you have chosen to
leave the government when we have
already made so much progress the
internal divisions of the Conservative
Party were one of the reasons the
previous Prime Minister David Cameron
called the 2016 British referendum and
the narrow victory for the leave
campaign has done nothing to resolve the
political gulf between the hardliners
who reject the EU entirely and other
members who want a so-called soft brexit
staying closer to the EU but one such
hardliner says it's not yet time for
this prime minister to quit issues about
policy and not about the individual in
charge of it but the policy needs to go
back to what it was before the status
quo ante after mr. Davis's departure the
Prime Minister quickly promoted a junior
minister Dominic Rab to replace him
whether she will last long enough to
appoint a replacement for Boris Johnson
is uncertain Paul Brennan al-jazeera
