it was the first sign of hope we are
okay many people are coming many people
we are the third many people come the
first sign of life from the stranded 13
found by a pair of British divers nine
days after they disappeared into
northern Thailand
Pam long cave hungry a few minor
injuries
but safe the Thai Navy SEALs have stayed
by their side ever since food and water
were sent in as rescue plans were
sketched out by an international team of
divers a few people who live near the
cave know a bit about what the trap boys
have been going through into in cherian
says he got lost for five hours in the
caves narrow passages and huge caverns
when he was a teenager the more scared
of us like when the last life has gone
you have to walk like you buy only three
or four meter you can walk like when you
you are at home when you born you know
you I think you know everything in your
house but when you close your eye and
you turn around you couldn't find a way
where it's the right way to go as water
was being pumped out at the cave and a
plan was being put together to ferry the
children out the rescue team lost a
member
salmon Coonan was a retired Thai Navy
SEAL diver who's brought back for the
search early Friday morning
who's ferrying air tanks deep into the
cave he passed out under water
a fellow diver pulled him out attempted
to resuscitate him
he died from lack of oxygen his death
underlines just how risky the conditions
are and what dangers the boys face their
families and the full of Thailand of
kept vigil I hope all of them come out
safely not only my nephew everyone who's
stuck in the cave on Friday
divers brought handwritten notes from
the trap 13 delivered to the eager and
worried parents outside Tomlin cave this
was the first direct contact they've had
since the boys went missing one read I
love you mom I love you dad and he
placed an order for his first
when he gets out barbecued pork a seal
diver added a note don't worry everyone
is strong Fintan Monaghan al-jazeera
