two weeks after they went missing the
first boys have been rescued from a cave
in Thailand there was an operation that
involved many divers and experts from
around the world this is inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle
rising waters falling oxygen levels and
no easy way out it's a treacherous
situation for anyone especially twelve
children and their football coach who've
been trapped in a cave in Thailand it's
a story that has gripped the attention
of much of the world and on Sunday
several of the trapped boys were
successfully rescued and taken to a
nearby hospital for treatment elite
divers guided the boys through hours of
walking crawling and swimming with an
oxygen tank out of a deep cave complex
the teammates along with their coach had
been trapped for more than two weeks the
rest of the team is still making its way
out but monsoon rains are threatening
the dangerous mission
Charlotte Bayliss takes a look now at
some of the challenges of this operation
the Tomlin cave is Northern Ireland and
the Chiang Rai province near the border
with Myanmar and Laos it is one of the
longest caves in the country stretching
ten kilometres through the join egg Nong
mountain range the boys are stuck just
past a Kevin known as Pothier Beach now
looking inside the mountain 1.5
kilometers from the main entrance Navy
SEAL Teams to set up a base in a cavern
known as chamber 3 three kilometers in
as samyang junction it Forks off to an
exit but that's flooded the cave widens
to large caverns and narrows to passages
so small that rescuers need to crawl to
get through the passageway climbs and
drops which means when it rains water
builds up in these steps four kilometres
in is patting a beach the boys are about
400 metres after this spot and 800 to a
thousand metres below the surface to get
the boys out through the flooded patches
rescuers have attached a guide line and
dotted emergency oxygen tanks every 25
to 50 metres the plan is that as they
swim one Navy diver will be beside them
another one behind keep in mind some
boys don't know how to swim there are
strong currents and the water is dark
and muddy
they're being given wetsuits boots
helmets and a scuba mask but no tank the
proposal be
they'll get oxygen from their dive
buddies supply now it'll take at least
five hours to get each boy out so in all
it may take a couple of days to complete
the rescue well an extraordinary rescue
let's now join our guests to talk about
joining us from Gosport in the UK Mike
Tipton professor of human and applied
physiology at the extreme environments
laboratory at the university of
portsmouth he joins us via Skype in
London on Dresden s child psychiatrists
at King's College London and consultant
at Maudsley hospital and from Auckland
also via Skype Neil Bennett his diver
and managing director at New Zealand
diving we'll get to you in just a moment
but first let's talk to Bill White House
he's a spokesman for the British cave
Rescue Council and has been in direct
contact with the British divers helping
with the rescue in Thailand he joins us
on the line up from Buxton in the UK so
ability what a relief to hear that these
first boys have been coming out and
ahead of schedule as well what are you
hearing about the rescue efforts yes
it's an incredible good news the
operation to bring the mouse it was is
extremely dangerous and frankly very
risky and but there's been a lot of
planning going on in the last few days
in preparation for if the Thai
authorities gave the go-ahead to to try
a dive rescue - the way to do it
well whatever way they have done it may
seem to have got it right because if
they were if they however many who come
out now if the processes they use has
work for them then God willing there's a
chance but it'll work for the others as
well so it's it's excellent news
absolutely as we were as we are
recording this program on Sunday night
no hard time it is six boys we believe
that have been brought out you're you're
in touch bill aren't you with the
British divers who were involved in this
operation that the two men who
first of all found the boys what role
are they playing in this part of the
operation in this part of the operation
well we can't be sure of course
because once things once things started
of course they're incommunicado there
are probably underground now
Rick Rick Stanton and Rob Burlinson who
were the two divers who first got
through to the boys a while ago now
isn't it they they're still on site once
they don't know for certain that they
were involved in today's dive I would be
astonished if they weren't I mean there
are there are now on site and seven
British cave divers and there are want
some from other nationalities and there
are the the Navy the Thai Navy SEAL
divers who are not cave divers they're
the open water divers who have been
operating for an open water diver in a
very unusual you know an environment for
them and what they've been doing doing
those truly heroic and it's very sad
that one of them lost their life during
the process the other day indeed okay I
mean it is a various cave diving is a
very serious and different type of
diving to open water diving there are
all sorts of considerations that come in
about the way equipment is used they
different kinds of risks and things
which have had to be built into any any
rescue operation and bear in mind that
these children and not only aren't and
they certainly not gave divers but
they're not divers and not even swimmers
I gather okay bill White House we
appreciate you taking the time there to
join us at the top of our program here
an inside story thanks very much and
let's go straight now to dr. Andrea
there in London six boys out at this
stage of course sir this program will be
airing and hopefully we'll be hearing of
more boys coming out by the time we do
go to air I mean what an enormous sense
of
'if for them for their families and
indeed for the rescuers this is a
fantastic news indeed I just talk us
through what kind of those those
emotions are as you're as you're being
rescued I would expect that most of the
children will be probably elated by the
rescue after the longer deal that have
been subjected over the past few days
many of them will probably become quite
emotional I would expect actually most
of them to experience some emotional
symptoms over the next few days and this
may become evident as them being
particularly irritable or becoming
tearful of course they will be very
happy but they will have very strong
intense emotion to cope with and they'll
be closely watched right they might we
know that they are being flown straight
to hospital by helicopter and the top
hospitals in Chiang Rai region
physically how are they likely to be
well I understand though again mednik
seems unconfirmed that the first boys to
come out were the ones that were
regarded as the weakest so I suspect you
know if people are able to distinguish
how well the different boys are that the
ones are the weakest are probably the
ones that are suffering most from
dehydration malnutrition and perhaps
even from hypothermia or getting cold so
they there's nothing that should have
happened to them physically that can't
be corrected you know after the event I
think probably the longer-term
consequences will be psychological
rather than medical or physiological
okay um Neil that bodes well doesn't it
if the weakest were being brought out
first and they have come out as quickly
as they have it bodes well for the rest
of the rescue operation I mean
absolutely they're going to try to
obviously as completions deteriorate
they're going to try and use the
stronger ones to deal with the more
complicated situations so getting the
weak ones out
allow them to first of all try the
system out and also to get them out in
the easiest conditions so that exposed
well for the best and things that
they'll now have to be rescued of course
diving was always the big concern here
as part of this rescue operation what
were the risks to the children who were
having to dive and indeed the divers who
are leading them well there is a
Minotaur estuvo the pumping of the water
has actually reduced that quite
considerably allowing them to walk out
large sections has really helped the
situation but you've got to think of
something of depth they're having some
of those cave parts I understand some of
the decks were down to 30 meetings in
large sections of the form 400 meter
swing that builds itself to possible
chest injuries that sort of thing the
breathing and respiration problems and
then you have the narrow tube sections
which in itself is probably the most
extreme part of it you can also can't
work and scuba gear crew there than
happy to have no tanks we basically push
the drag through and there's also I'm
stander are you bending the rigorous
obstructions so it's an extreme
environment to be bring in visibility
and extreme cold so these guys are
actually facing probably the biggest
challenge of their lives trying to talk
through that about the empty swing
absolutely I mean from my limited
experience of diving trying to remember
to breathe normally is very difficult
when you're underwater I understand that
these boys are being fitted with a full
face mask which is easier than a
mouthpiece
yeah but the concern is that the I would
imagine that if the child panics and
tries to bulk the surface which doesn't
exist because they're in an overhead
environment one things people do when
they pen it is actually spit out the
mask so having a full face mask helps
reduce that problem I'm being another
gonna be in a line so you have one
rescuer from the child in the middle
then the rescue of the admired the
opportunity to actually get that
regulator back into their mouth is quite
limited so we're reducing that that that
possibility
Andre how is it best to try and keep
these boys calm well I think first of
all is really important to find ways and
words to explain facts very easily to
them so think about the kind of
communication the raspberry might have
with their own children and families to
find ways in which communication is
clear and therefore children know
exactly what is going to happen what are
the things that they can do if anything
should go wrong so that they would know
at least the facts secondly it's really
important I think for the rescuer to
build some rapport with the children
spend some time with them which I
understand has happened over the past
few days so that the children can learn
about them and effectively find ways to
trust them should they need to in
emergency situations you talk about the
facts there I mean one wonders how
honest you have to be with children when
you're asking them to take risks I mean
presumably there is no way that they
would have mentioned the fact that the
former Navy SEAL died on Friday and he
was exiting the cave I would assume they
wouldn't have and what I was referring
to is the instruction on what to do one
as the rest operation where I'm going so
it's really important that they knew
what was happening to them because
having unpredictable things happening to
them of course would only increase the
risk of them becoming distress as the
rescue actually occurs do you think age
might be on their side here do you think
it's adults we tend to panic more and
look at the worst-case scenarios where
as a young boy might perhaps see it as
something like more intrepid might see
it more as an adventure perhaps perhaps
it's really difficult to to say what we
do know is that actually in adolescent
it's actually more difficult to cope
with these intense emotions so what you
may be referring to is the idea that we
may take this as a challenge in some
ways or another and therefore be
motivated to do their best
rather than being anxious and restricted
there
the actions throughout the rescue
operations but if anything I would
expect adolescence to struggle coping
with these more intense emotions right
like the physiological impacts I mean
this is a 1 to 2 kilometer journey it
took 5 hours for experienced cavers to
complete its diving crawling hiking I
mean it's incredibly taxing
physiologically speaking how are these
children going to build up the strength
or how did they build up the strength
having been malnourished for nine days
yes I mean it's quite a remarkable so
it's not the kind of thing you'd want to
take on if you were you know fully fit
and healthy so um they they obviously
they obviously maintained their
physiological state is pretty well over
those first nine days and the very fact
that they survived nine days tells us
that you know some of the major
stressors like dehydration and low
oxygen levels weren't really um present
and affecting them so there's that
there's that aspect to it I mean I think
the other important point to make is
although we've said that the weakest
have come out first as assessed by a
doctor that doesn't necessarily mean the
weakest in terms of their ability to
undertake this task right because those
initial decisions would have been based
on on a health basis rather than a
physical fitness or ability to dive so
you know we're halfway there but we're
certainly you know we've certainly got
some way to go and my concern would be
things like not being able to meet the
physical challenge you know a wetsuit is
fine but if it's a poorly fitting
wetsuit it's next to useless and as
we've already heard the way people react
having to go and breathe underwater that
had no experience of doing that is
something is somewhat unpredictable
we've we've taken lots of naive people
and taught them to use emergency
breathing systems for helicopter
underwater escapes and the reactions you
get of quite unpredictable some people
just find it almost physically
impossible to take a breath in when
their head is under
the water now hopefully none of those
will apply in this case and we'll see
you know a successful completion but
we're certainly you know we're certainly
not out of the woods yet
Neal the the rescue team spent three
four days training for this and then
they train the boys do you think they
would have taken the boys on sort of
practice dives and the water to get them
used to breathing underwater absolutely
I mean the first few days will all be
about building that rapport with the
rescuers give them the confidence that
the person is going to take them
underwater they can rely on so the
beginning used to them breathing through
the sensation of breathing for a
regulator underwater a lot of people as
colleagues are rightly said when they
get water around the face it
automatically reduces penny so would
around the mask or bug in the mask
you're a funny sort of been you know
sort of skill and what they can expect
that's struggling through the campuses
they've never had this problem where
water is going right into the mouth all
right
he's going to enter their mouth and then
basically tell them to either swallow or
spit out of water don't worry about it
but to continue keep the regulator in so
all those sort of things they're going
to experience as it's struggling to get
through to come but have to be familiar
with and the other thing as well people
are kind of overlooking like a flow of
water through that cave is going to be
immense so not only have you got to deal
with your water conditions they're going
to be able to be overall the current
review they'll be fighting again so rule
be physically demanding for them but
they have to build that rapport with the
rescuers which they have to be doing by
the sounds of the rescue so far it's
going pretty well
like what sort of state is the body in
after being two weeks underground that
is almost completely dependent on the
amount of fluid you've received the
amount of food you've received and the
amount of exercise you've been able to
undertake I mean a one extreme you you
wouldn't survive that long you know your
estimated survival time without any
fluids is just a few days you know at
the other extreme provided that you've
got fresh water and food and you've been
able to exercise you should be able to
remain reasonably capable but you know I
would you know you would expect to see a
pretty significant reduction in their
maximum
physical capability and they may well
need to come close to that to make an
escape the other big thing we see which
is we don't really understand it's a
sort of psycho physiological phenomena
is the way people react to being rescued
there are a significant number of people
who actually fight and fight and fight
for their survival and do really well
and just at the point of being rescued
that their condition deteriorates and
they're the ones that need to be looked
after particularly carefully in this
case you know towards the end of the
rescue and on you know reaching the
surface so you know as I say this is
very very variable it's very in between
individuals as well okay you know it's
gonna be a significant challenge Andre
that's a fascinating phenomenon isn't it
that you're fighting so much to survive
and just at the point when you reach it
you give up why might that be
yeah so what we know about these kind of
situations is that when we are exposed
to stress beat acute or chronic there is
an elevation in stress hormones such as
cortisol what happened quite often is
that after acute stresses when we
effectively start relaxing that cortisol
also goes down and what we see is that
the amount of energy and activity that
has sustained people throughout the
stressful experience will then translate
in a lot of witness and tartness and in
some ways even cognitive impairment
after that experience so I entirely
agree that we need to really have a
holistic understanding of what is
children will go through thinking about
their physical threats and limitations
and including of course darkness but
also food and infections as we have
discussed and this will partly have an
effects on how they will respond after
the rescue operation will be hopefully
successfully over yeah let's hope that
the rescue operation continues as it's
begun but near let's just visit briefly
the scenario where it is aborted under
what
ditions might that be the case well one
of the main ones will be with the
unfortunate fatality or some full of a
blockage in the tube system the narrow -
in that scenario then they're going to
have to turn people back any sort of
cave collapsing or if the water right
which is one of the main facts is what I
pushed it forward if you better let me
start increasing the flow rate in the
cane hall actually increase and that may
well force them to go back because there
might not be other characters that fly
ready money other things that probably
didn't touch on is actually the reason
why they pushed it forward it was the
amount of oxygen that's producing an
ecosystem itself and that itself can
bring on respiratory problems to any
sort of fluid buildup in the lungs
that's really gonna affect the divers
moving forward so that should be someone
would really consider this problem in
their condition yeah Mike how low did
those oxygen levels get the report I
heard was about 15% so that's down from
a normal 21% that's still okay because I
mean that's see that's where you can
translate those percentages into
altitudes so that's a bit like going to
you know just around about 2,000 meters
so that's not so much of a problem but
you know once it got down to 13 or 12%
percent then you're starting to see some
of the symptoms of hypoxia so I think
probably as we've just heard this
particular option was the sort of least
worst option so if we get to the
situation where we have to retain some
of the boys in the cave then clearly
there's going to have to be some fairly
significant interventions there the
other problem that kind of gets missed
it's not just the reduction in oxygen
but if you're in a situation where
you're not getting fresh air into it
into that situation you're also going to
get a buildup of carbon dioxide and that
in itself can be in a potentially very
hazardous so if those numbers were right
and we were down to about 15 percent
then it was getting pretty close to the
time to go and register lastly even if
the boys are all out the ordeals not
over is that what are the sort of
long-term mental health impacts one must
be watching for in this team and not
forgetting in the coach as well
absolutely so I would expect first of
all that all the children will be
screened for a considerable amount of
time for their psychological
consequences after this ordeal and I
would expect that the screening will
detect that about 10 to 20 percent of
them will develop enduring mental health
problems so psychiatric disorders the
kind of psychiatric disorders that can
be developed after these kind of
traumatic experiences is quite broad
includes conditions such as depression
anxiety disorders post-traumatic stress
disorders but also other type of
conditions which we call externalizing
so acting out in some ways or another
and these are conditions that we call
conduct problems but also substance
abuse is important that the assessment
is thorough and and brought to detect
and the different types of psychiatric
problems that these children might
develop and at the same time is
important that the children are also
assessed for the risk we know that all
the conditions that I just mentioned are
associated with increased risk of
self-harm for example it's really
important that the risk is assessed ok
sorry and I we do have to leave it there
good news
that's the rescue operation has so far
been successful let's hope that all 12
boys and their coach do indeed emerge
healthy and happy
many thanks today for you all for
joining us Mike Tipton Andrea Denis and
Neil Bennett also bill white house at
the top of the show and thank you too
for watching you can see the program
again any time by visiting our website
that's aljazeera.com and for further
discussion do go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com/ for /aj inside
story in order to join the conversation
on twitter a handle is at aj inside
story from me laura kyle and the whole
team here it's bye for now
you
