it's a moment of joy but also
nervousness for eleven-year-old gizmo as
she packs her clothes she's about to fly
thousands of miles to see her parents
whom she hasn't seen for more than four
years since just before the start of
South Sudan's civil war - my aunt took
me to stay with her for a while and then
the war happened
my parents thought I was still with my
aunt but I was taken to an orphanage I
haven't seen my family in a very long
time gizmo is one of thousands of
children who were separated from their
families the war started in 2013 when
President Salva Kiir accused his former
vice president Riek Machar of attempting
a coup since then many children have
arrived unaccompanied at refugee camps
after fleeing their homes war cheol was
in the capital Juba when fighting
started in his hometown fangerk his
children were displaced and it was
nearly five years before he saw them
again Mekong my new enemy Ibaka I had
come to Juba for treatment with the
children's mother the war happened and I
couldn't contact my children
I even got sick and lost weight because
I was worried about them sometimes
thinking that they were dead tens of
thousands of people have been killed in
the world and a third of the 12 million
population displaced 60% of them
children aid organizations say more than
17,000 children have been separated from
their families since the start of the
war and with fighting continuing and
more families displaced it's likely even
if some children are being reunited with
their families even more are being
separated the process of tracing
families and getting them back together
is no easy task
some children are very young and you
need to have like a lot of trained staff
you know to get information from
children and the wide search area the
transportation of children because no
roads and it's only wire flights
Security's of a very challenging thing
sometimes you know we identify families
and we know where the parents are and
the children saw in this kind of
situation we restoring the links between
family and the child because we cannot
reunify the child due to some of the
security situations a security situation
that kept war from seeing his children
for years and which is mahomes will not
the opportunity for a long-awaited
reunion with her family Heba morgan al
jazeera juba
