she's the head of four generations of
family and the bearer of 40 years of
suffering Ghul is a har a row hinge a
refugee in her 90s has fled persecution
in Myanmar three separate times in her
life first in 1978 then 1991 and finally
in 2017
she speaks softly and slowly telling me
that while age may have left her unable
to remember everything she'll never
forget the constant horrors her family
suffered at the hands of security forces
in Myanmar over the years they beat us
they kidnapped us they detained us ghoul
and her family's ban almost a century in
age bonded through blood and
displacement they now all live in a
single hut located in the world's
largest refugee camp her son
Olli akhmad first fled Rakhine State and
came to Bangladesh as a teenager he
recounts just how awful the crackdown by
security forces was in 2017
I didn't know if we couldn't have made
our way here we would have been killed
like stray dogs Mohammed IU is ghouls
grandson-in-law
he says he'll always be haunted by what
he's seen back home no one could even
ask questions about the forced
disappearances even a brother didn't
have the right to ask about his missing
brother you understand we had no clue
who was disappeared into where we just
had to remain silent about it here the
signs of trauma are everywhere and fear
is clearly etched on faces in many ways
what's happened to this particular
extended family really mirrors what's
happened to so many other Roe Hendra who
face decades of repression and abuse the
Rahim Gia aren't just the world's
largest group of stateless people
they're also among the world's most
persecuted minorities
more than anything Mohammed Ayub wants
his children to be able to experience
peace and to get justice
he says there's only one way that can
happen
atrocities that have been committed
against our men and women should be
heard by the International Criminal
Court so that we get justice and if it's
not we won't be satisfied satisfaction
is not a sentiment goal is familiar with
for her pain has been a constant and
time continues to be as cruel as life
has been hard
Mohammed Jim Jim al Jazeera at the
kuttappa long camp in Cox's Bazaar
Bangladesh
