they've been searching for survivors for
days often in rough seas and in
difficult circumstances a boat full of
tourists capsized off Thailand's Phuket
Island on Thursday after it was hit by a
five meter wave during a storm divers
say what they saw in the sunken vessel
is traumatic
they were like small babies some of them
had the lifejackets still inside but
they were trapped in the boat
police accused the boat's crew of
ignoring weather warnings before
starting their day long tour survivors
from what's being called the worst boat
accident in Thai history say the sky was
clear when they left port and the
weather changed once they were at sea
the wind and rain was so strong and
everybody was so scared to death the
rain was coming from everywhere in the
cabin and it was very fierce most of the
105 people on board were Chinese a third
of the 35 million tourists who visit
Thailand annually are from China Chinese
diplomats are in Phuket to monitor the
search and recovery effort as you can
imagine when you find that by the
children kid you know in the arm of the
mother you know in the wreck and when
you recover them
I literally imagine what is the dead
body on the water so it's heartbroken
Phuket's governor says at least 10 boats
were stranded at the same time a second
boat carrying 39 mostly European
tourists also capsized all those onboard
who were rescued
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
