the entire cabinet arrived one-by-one by
car at Teresa mais official residence 60
kilometres outside London at the start
of marathon talks going in the
government was split between those
largely on the right of the Conservative
Party demanding a so-called hard brexit
and those loyal to the Prime Minister
looking for a softer divorce deal with
the EU to prevent unwanted leaks
ministers were told to hand over their
smartphones and watches some 10 hours
later the Conclave dispersed and the
Prime Minister emerged an agreement
reached cabinet has agreed our
collective position on the future of our
negotiations with the EU an RPO proposal
will create a UK EU free-trade area
which establishes a common rulebook on
industrial goods and agricultural
products this will maintain high
standards but we will ensure that no
changes can take place without the
approval of our Parliament the core of
Friday's agreement is the establishment
of a free trade area for goods avoiding
the need for a return to customs checks
on the border between Northern Ireland
and the Republic of Ireland would
involve the UK and EU sharing rules and
all goods including industrial and
agricultural goods but the UK service
sector would be granted regulatory
flexibility the UK will have the power
to set tariffs on goods entering the
country giving it the ability to strike
new international trade deals it's taken
two years to reach this point a
collective position on how best to move
forward with trade talks with the EU but
it is of course only the first hurdle
this proposal will form the backbone of
a pre legal document a white paper that
may face amendments in Parliament before
eventually being put before the EU which
can accept or rejected the e u--'s chief
negotiator Michel Barnier reacted
cautiously to the plan he repeated
comments he'd made earlier in the day
about the need for workable solutions we
are ready I am ready to adapt our offer
should the UK's reliant challenge time
is short we need to quickly have
realistic and workable solutions and
obviously we look forward to the
whitepaper the opposition Labour Party's
brexit secretary said he doubted the
Conservative government's deal would
survive further scrutiny from MPs from
all parties demanding a clean hard
brexit break from the EU 'the resumes
plan will nevertheless be presented to
Parliament next week
Nev Barker al Jazeera Westminster
