Sulaiman Abu to hook was born here in
the Bedouin village of Carmel Ozma in
the Israeli occupied West Bank he's
lived here with his family all his life
the Israeli government wants to demolish
Colonel Atma and many other Bedouin
villages as part of a plan called e1
which involves expanding the illegal
settlement of mala atom in completely
surrounding Jerusalem and separating the
north from the south of the occupied
West Bank I am like any man I'm asking
for freedom like any Israeli I have the
right to live and to have my freedom
like he does
they forced our parents to leave in 1948
and now they are forcing us out but
where can we go Israeli security forces
raided Colonel Hoffman on Wednesday
arresting and injuring a number of
people a day later bulldozers began
clearing a path to the village but late
on Friday Israel's Supreme Court put a
temporary injunction on the demolition
of the village after the Palestinian
Authority submitted documents it says
show Palestinians have owned the land
since before Israel's 1967 occupation
activists Palestinian villages and
politicians recognize that the fight to
protect carnal ACMA and 23 other
villages in this area that also face
demolition is far from over yet but they
say this case is important because they
want support from the international
community they say that it highlights
how Israel continues to expand its
settlements which is illegal according
to international law under the 1993 Oslo
agreement between Israel and Palestine
the occupied West Bank was divided into
three zones carnal ozma is in what is
called Area C the Israeli government has
administrative and security control here
Israel says it confiscated the land
around carnal Afra in the 1970s and has
a right to build here Palestinian
politicians say they have proof of the
land is still owned and leased the
Bedouin by Palestinians and these
illegal settlers who are settled on
my territory have swimming pools have
schools have kindergardens have
everything while this community is
suffering in such a terrible way what is
this if it is not a system of apartheid
Sulaiman shows us the school that was
built in 2009 using tires because the
Israeli authorities would not allow
proper building materials into the
village Israel has always refused to
issue building permits or supply the
village with water and electricity
they say the Palestinians here can move
to another area around 12 kilometers
away near a landfill Suleiman and his
fellow villagers say they will not leave
Charles trafford al Jazeera Channel Ozma
in the occupied West Bank
