Paul Mundi I buried his wife and child
close to where their home once stood it
was swept away after a dam collapse
during heavy rains in May many people
here remain traumatized they say
compensation given by the owner is not
enough and they were duped into signing
forms they weren't allowed to read
Fatiha 150,000 I was given $1,500 for
each there is no price to our life but
1500 my little boy could have grown up
to be worth more than that I just know
that the money was an apology
the Szalai tragedy in this sleepy
village
happened just when many were preparing
to sleep more than 200 families lived
here some decided to bury their loved
ones on the spot where their homes were
to serve as a reminder of what happened
the government has said that the dam was
built illegally and hadn't been
inspected for years the Director of
Public Prosecutions has ordered the
arrest of nine people including the
owner of sole item and government
officials some will be charged with
manslaughter people here are saying
they're happy about that they want to
see a quick and fair trial they also
want to get a better compensation
package the owner of the dam Perryman
sook patel a farm manager and a
government official with their water
resource management Authority pleaded
not guilty to manslaughter as well as
charges of negligence and failure to
file an environment assessment reports
Joseph Cavallo will be closely watching
the court proceedings al Jazeera visited
him back in May
he had just lost all four of his
children this is what now remains of
their home and belongings
every time it rains I hear my children
screams my wife has never recovered I
can never bring myself to come back and
live here this is still very much a
village in mourning they want a proper
apology from the dam owner adequate
compensation and justice for the dead
Katherine SOI al Jazeera so lie in
Kenya's Rift Valley
