he already stands accused of
implementing trade policies that may in
the end harm the United States and its
allies the president Donald Trump is
threatening even more we're not planning
anything now but if they don't treat us
properly we will be doing something
thank the United States made the first
move in this trade dispute imposing
tariffs on foreign steel and aluminum
imports now it's also considering doing
the same when it comes to foreign made
vehicles and auto part imports this
despite warnings it could hurt America's
car industry lead to countermeasures by
top trading partners on Wednesday German
Chancellor Angela Merkel sounded the
alarm on a looming trade war itself
aluminium much time we have tariffs on
aluminum and steel it appears cars too
will be imposed with tariffs when
they're imported into the United States
ladies and gentlemen this has the
character of a trade conflict but the
trade conflict isn't limited to
America's European allies after the
United States announced it would
implement tariffs on up to 34 billion of
Chinese imports China is also taking
action to protect its own interests as
long as the United States issues our
so-called tariffs list China will take
necessary measures to firmly protect its
legitimate interests u.s. trading
partners including the European Union
China and Japan have voiced their
concern at the World Trade Organization
there's fear of a potential collapse of
the rules-based global trading system in
general people want trade to be under a
set of rules so that there's certainty
and predictability and what Trump has
done is totally undermine that system so
it's not just what he's actually put in
place it's what he's threatened to do
and what that does to trust that trust
faces further erosion Trump has long
made clear his dislike of the WTO which
governs the rules of international trade
now a leaked draft suggests the u.s.
president wants to pull out of the WTO
effectively appending the global trading
order
been in place for more than half a
century Kimberly Hellcat al-jazeera
Washington
