Scott Pruett was the environmental
regulator industry always wanted its
the EPA's objectives my objective is the
Ministry of the EPA to come in and make
sure that people's health is protected
the former Oklahoma Attorney General
went from being one of the agency's most
aggressive opponents suing it 14 times
to running it you filed two lawsuits
challenging the EPA mercury and air
toxics standards you filed a lawsuit
challenge in the EPA's 200 2015 national
ambient air quality standards for ozone
never since President Richard Nixon
created the agency in 1970 his corporate
America had a stronger or more
controversial ally in it
Scott Pruett has done an amazing job
Pruett has declared war on regulation
dismantling dozens of Obama era
protections on clean air chemicals in
cars I think the focus in the past has
been on making manufacturers in Detroit
making manufacturers in various parts of
the country make cars that people aren't
going to buy
he's called global warming a hoax
infuriating progressives in Congress
that's the kind of EPA Administrator you
will be you're not going to get my vote
he's drawn the fire of environmentalists
Scott Pruett playing tax payers and
President Trump and dangerous to your
family's health his alleged ethical
lapses pricey first-class flights hiring
a small army of security agents and
renting a cut-rate condo from the wife
of a lobbyist have drawn the barbs of
late-night comics is the same as New
York's food inspector being a rat with a
clipboard he's there to take a good
piece of land and get the most money out
of it it's about time the environment
got a pimp and we got one now he used
aides to try to get his wife a job and a
chick-fil-a franchise he was recently
confronted by this mother holding her
son in a video that went viral
but he had the support of the D
regulator in chief then he got what
White House watchers call the kiss of
death
a statement of lukewarm support from the
president Scott Pruett sir do you
support Scott Brooke I hope he's gonna
be great
Pruett leaves a legacy of unraveled
regulations and unprecedented support
among the regulated John Hendren al
jazeera Washington
