entering a world most people never get
to see these cavers in northern England
a part of an elite and their skills mean
they're called upon to take part in
rescues usually it's when other cavers
are in trouble but sometimes it's the
general public and they know all about
the challenges facing the rescue team in
Thailand you're in a very remote a very
wilderness location so transporting
equipment to and from these sites can
take a great deal of time effort and
manpower and when you throw in flooded
sections some as well into that then
that slows you down even more reduces
the pool of people you have who can
manage equipment in those conditions so
it's generally a case of time scale it
can all be overcome but it takes longer
these are actually some of the easiest
conditions you can find in caving
but these British cavers and their
colleagues have got lots of experience
of operating in and saving people from
extremely difficult situations to grit
ins we first made contact with the Thai
boys in their coach we're affiliated
with the local group here like all Cave
rescuers they've gone through extensive
training like this exercise in hoisting
an injured person on a stretcher and
last week it was this Center that got
the call for specialist communication
equipment for the Thai rescue efforts we
sorted out for and these home phones
the police were then contacted NASA to
get them to Heathrow they came up here
collected them from blue lighted them
all the way to Heathrow to get the 9
o'clock aeroplane and they caught it
with the divers in Thailand the
following morning
but despite immense efforts to pump
water out of the Thai cave and local
teams teaching the boys to swim and
scuba dive the experts say it's
definitely not going to be easy or the
only way out
seems to be out-and-out ly the one known
cave entrance passed all the through all
the floods the problem then is how to do
it there's been talk of teaching the
teaching the boys how to dive and use
diving equipment
and then letting them dive out that
seems fraught with all sorts of perils
because cave diving is a not like
ordinary water diving these cavers use
their passion to save lives they say
they're driven by a sense of camaraderie
and right now they can't help thinking
about the ongoing rescue efforts in
Thailand nadine barber al jazeera
Derbyshire in northern England
