there are a few things about acre which
aren't in dispute the beauty of its old
city the overlapping layers of history
on full display a rich mix of cultures
and religions stretching back 4000 years
all of which make it a prime site for
tourism while lead al-saeed recently
bought the family home where he was born
and the apartment beneath it turning it
into a guesthouse for paying visitors
but as a Palestinian resident of akka as
they call it it's been a long hard
bureaucratic battle to get to this point
we were protected tenants we worked so
hard to get ownership because as long as
we didn't have it we didn't have the
freedom to do anything other than just
live here that's the case for the
majority of Palestinians who live in the
old city most of the original Arab home
owners fled or were forced out during
the creation of the State of Israel in
1948 those who later came to live here
could only lease homes from a trust
backed by the Israeli government they
don't have any right to do anything in
in these houses they can't fix these
houses they can't you know they can't
give these houses to their children the
local governments tourism development
plan involves renovating rundown areas
attracting richer homeowners the old
acre development company part of
Israel's tourism ministry says local
Palestinians small businesses benefit
but the new businesses upmarket hotels
and restaurants are overwhelmingly
Israeli for many of the Palestinians who
live within the walls of the old city
the money that's being lavished here
feels like it's largely bypassing them
worse than that they fear that it's
going to alter the fabric of this place
irrevocably and that they might not have
a place here in the future one place
they have long treasured is this the
carnal London once an ottoman staging
point for sailors and their goods now
it's a crumbling shell ruled too
dangerous to enter the development
company blames the failure of its
previous plans to turn it into a hotel
plans that would have involved
neighboring buildings being emptied on
Palestinian opposition who Santa fesh is
from the local walk the Islamic trust
that manages the city's mosques which
decades ago signed the site over to an
Israeli government organization on a
99-year lease
I'm telling you that more than 50 year
you didn't do anything anything and my
my heart is so so so hard because the
place is so so dangerous it's not
reconstruct not even a minimal
reconstruct it have been lost for all
these years for nothing the Palestinians
in acre the question is whether they'll
have a proper stake in a changing City
the chance to hold on to a place they
call home
Harry Fawcett Al Jazira acre
