he first lost an election he was barred
from leaving the country then he was
arrested now the former Malaysian Prime
Minister has been charged with
corruption Najib Razak says the new
government is seeking vengeance his
politics involved in this trial this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Peter Dhabi Najib Razak was Malaysia's
Prime Minister until two months ago
today he is a political outcast trying
to avoid being sent to prison for a long
time
Jeebs the first person to appear in
court in connection with the 1mdb
scandal and the disappearance of four
billion dollars of taxpayers money he's
pleading not guilty we'll get to our
guests in just a moment but first
Florence lui sets up our discussion
Najib Razak arrived at the Kuala Lumpur
High Court to answer charges of
corruption and criminal breach of trust
which carry a maximum 20-year prison
sentence outside his supporters mostly
from unknown the political party he once
led chanted free nigel grenadiers
Boogerman 'then he's the former prime
minister and party leader who's done a
lot for Malaysians now that he's facing
such trying times I've come here to lend
my support to him and his family
Malaysia's former prime minister pleaded
not guilty and after being released on
bail said the case against him is a
political vendetta
I expected this this is what the new
government wants if this is the price I
have to pay for my 24 years of service
to the nation and its people I'm willing
to pay that price but I hope and pray
that the court process will be fair and
in accordance with the rule of law I
believe in my innocence this is the best
chance I have to clear my name the court
sets bail at 250 thousand dollars an
ordered Najib to surrender his passports
he's accused of using his position as
finance minister and prime minister to
enrich himself with public funds and
transferring ten million dollars into
his bank account in 2014 and 2015
prosecutors say the money came from SRC
international a former subsidiary of the
state investment fund 1mdb
this case is part of a larger
investigation involving 1mdb from which
Najib and his associates are alleged to
have embezzled four and a half million
dollars let me state the obvious when we
use the word 1mdb
when everybody uses the word 1mdb if
it's a short handed statement to
describe what happened over four five
years
so there were discreet separate
transactions over four five over four
five year period we just read the public
domain the fraud scandal is also being
investigated in several countries
including the u.s. the initial
investigation into this case started
several years ago but stalled when Najib
was Prime Minister allegations of a
cover-up have been made since the new
government came into power in May it has
made recovering money stolen from 1mdb
a top priority na chips trial will
likely started next year he's the first
person link to the scandal to be
prosecuted and is unlikely to be the
last
Florence lui al jazeera kuala lumpur
well as florence was mentioning there
this scandals been talked about fee is
Najib started the 1mdb fund in 2009 twin
bears taxpayers money and strengthen the
Malaysian economy four billion dollars
disappeared from the fund six years
later
Najib explained that almost 700 million
transferred into his personal bank
account was a donation from the Saudi
royal family which he in the main
returned US investigators seen Najib and
his family spent the government money on
themselves including funding Hollywood
movies such as the wolf of Wall Street
the Oscar winner about corporate greed
at least six countries are investigating
the 1mdb fund fraud okay let's bring in
our guests joining us today from Kuala
lumper is Bridgette Welsh an associate
professor of political sciences at the
John Cabot University and the author of
regime resilience in Malaysia and
Singapore from London Lee Jones he's a
reader of international politics and
Queen Mary University of London and also
from Kuala Lumpur on skype is Ibrahim
sofyan executive director of the Medeco
Centre for opinion research welcome to
you all Brigid wells coming to you first
is this about transparency or is it a
witch-hunt I think it's definitely about
transparency but it's more than that
it's about moving Malaysia in a
different direction and reckoning with
the past one of the scandal the 1mdb
scandal has been so significant in terms
of the financial situation for the
country its reputation this cut this new
government wants to move beyond that and
in order to do that it has to reckon
with the former prime minister and what
he is perceived to have done and his
management of the finances of the
country and Lee Jones in London what
does this say about the track that
democracy in Malaysia has taken say over
the last political generation well I
think it very much depends on how far
the net is cast because dr. mahat iya
himself presided over the creation of a
highly corrupt political economy with
very strong ties between the ruling
politicians of ummno
and the Malay business elite it's ironic
that his own protege then turns into the
most corrupt kleptocrat it will remain
to be seen whether this anti-corruption
purge will just stop with Najib and his
close associates or it will really go
further and start to dismantle
Malaysia's system of crony capitalism if
it does go further and the system starts
to be dismantled we can expect serious
resistance and political conflict but
that will enable genuine democracies
take root in Malaysia in a way that
simply dealing with Najib and his
intimate circle will not Ebrahim sofyan
also in Kuala Lumpur my Tiye Muhammad
wants to completely and utterly
eradicate corruption from both the
financial sector in Malaysia and also
the political sector and the space that
those two entities occupy if you will
can it be done well I think today's
event is showing that Najib Razak
being charged for corruption I think is
certainly going to be used as a stepping
stone towards pushing for further
reforms indeed I think what has happened
is a major departure from the past in
the public to see a former prime
minister being charged for corruption
but I think what we shall see in the
days to come is whether or not the
integrity of the institutions that will
be used in this process such as the
courts the anti-corruption agency and
later on the police has really shown the
changes that Mahathir intends to embark
for this country there I think what we
are seeing today is beginnings of a
first step but it is a large
organization the rot that has happened
in Malaysia has happened for many
decades it is going to take tremendous
effort to try and uproot these things
but I think there is an element of being
hopeful because what the things that has
come out from the new government appears
to show indication and willingness to
embark on some of the serious reforms
notwithstanding the fact that many of
the actors themselves
implicated or alleged to have governance
or integrity issues themselves in the
past they clearly have mended and they
have to fulfill this if they are to
remain in power Bridget just unpack this
for us the next minute or so when when
abraham is talking about serious reforms
one of those reforms surely has to be
the the system of patronage but it's
very difficult to kind of nail that down
and define who it is when you've got
shifting political allegiances that go
so far back 60 years we're talking about
well patronage here in Malaysia is very
embedded as it is in many parts of
Southeast Asia in the world globally and
what makes it unique here is that the
economy is so tied up with government
contracts government spending and the
business community is engaged in winning
these contracts so it's not just the
politicians it's actually economic
system and in order to bring about a
shift in patronage it's going to be a
it's going to be more fundamental in
society and that it has to change
practices the key steps however begin
focusing on the political arena and in
order to do that you have to actually
bring in some new tougher laws and you
have to implement those laws in and in
very significant ways and that means
changing the the actors that are
involved and as as Ben was just
mentioning the issues of the courts the
issues of the police and so forth and it
also involves restructuring the economy
which is one of the things that the
government is trying to do as its
beginning a different transformation
process and this is very difficult
because it's not just the embedded
practices that exist within the system
it's also moving the economy into a much
more competitive open more transparent
system that involves tenders and reduces
much of the graph that exists within the
system so it is a huge task but it is a
task I think that they are aware of and
and they are making important steps in
that direction
today's charging in and yesterday's
arrests are some an indication that
those at the very top will be held
accountable and now it's set us new
standard for Malaysia
now any politician is countable so it
puts a weight on the new burden on the
new government we are expecting in the
next few weeks when Parliament starts in
July 16th that we're going to see new
legislation introduced as a result of
the reform committee that has been
ongoing and and these are probably going
to introduce some of the institutional
measures that others are speaking about
but the the steps in terms of changing
the norms and changing the political
economy are going to be really
challenging and they're gonna have to
involve a much longer process there is a
gagging order in place as of about five
or six hours ago so maybe we should all
be a bit circumspect when it comes to
discussing the nitty-gritty of what went
on in the court today but Lee what's
your opinion on how widespread these
allegations of corruption I mean how far
does it go
it crosses international boundaries and
borders well the system is rotten from
the very top to the very bottom the the
difficulties Brigid outlines very well
it's entrenched in the political economy
and it's a political economy that as I
said Marathi himself had a key role in
creating with the new economic policy of
the 1980s so it's not just about
shuffling some personnel around of
introducing new laws it's about taking
on vested interests and extremely
powerful oligarchs the sad fact of the
matter is that anywhere in Southeast
Asia we've not seen serious reforms take
place after significant regime change
the the oligarchs that built up their
wealth and power under previous
administrations have always found ways
to defend that wealth and power and
influence after the transition so the
idea that any politician is now liable
to be charged with anti-corruption
measures I think is is is fanciful for
example the former chief minister of
Sarawak who ruled Sarawak about 23 years
and his thought to be potentially
Malaysia's richest man as a result of
his corruption he's a key ally of maja
Tiye Muhammad and there are many files
open on him with the anti-corruption
Commission but no action is being taken
against him I don't expect this
anti-corruption purge to go the whole
way because the whole system is rotten
if you start picking at one thread we
don't really know where that
it will become very difficult to rule
Malaysia so I expect a divide and rule
strategy that will not actually
challenge the fundamentals of Malaysian
political economy even if things do get
substantially cleaned up and we get a
bit better gov governance than the one
Malaysia Development Berhad scandal
which was supposed to have led to four
point five billion dollars being
embezzled Ibrahim coming to you and
again not talking about specifics to do
with what's going on in the court
yesterday and today but I mean the is
this the perfect coming together is this
the perfect storm of international
political corruption because it occurs
to me you've got politics you've got
race-based politics you've got religion
based politics and then you have a
situation where and this was fact this
is established and everyone knows this
the Saudis gave him I think it was 681
million for no obvious reason it goes
into his personal bank account he
returns most of it what did the Saudis
think they were going to get from that I
mean these are things that remain
unclear because for the longest period
of time the story about how the six
hundred and eighty million u.s. that
appeared in his account change from time
to time and eventually settle on that it
was a donation from the Saudis I think
as the investigations and charges expand
what we saw today is as charges
involving about slightly over ten
million dollars from a subsidiary of the
1mdb
but I think in the weeks and months to
come we are going to see further charges
laid against a prime minister and former
prime minister and potentially other
individuals I think it will shed light
over that particular transaction and
whether it was a Saudi donation to begin
with so I think there's a lot of
skepticism over the former government's
version of events and stories and I
think the court process I think will
shed some light the intention we hope
that it doesn't end here I also I think
acknowledge that there is a limit to how
far
corrupt individuals will be brought to
justice in this so-called new Malaysia
because I think the government right now
needs allies in order to pass bills in
Parliament and needs to maintain some
kind of stability as it moves forward
but the hope is that some of the reforms
that it intends to put in place and
there have been some positive news in
the last few days that certain key
agencies such as the anti-corruption
agency is no longer reporting to the
Prime Minister but reporting to
Parliament that all of these small steps
will eventually translate into better
governance than before we are not
expecting see change but we are
expecting substantive gradual
improvements in the state of governance
and rule of law in the country let's
kick this forward a little bit of the
next 10 minutes or so pretty well sure
so in Kuala Lumpur how do they manage to
do this because when when he was in
charge one of the allegations one of the
historical allegations levelled at him
was that he played fast and loose with
the stock market so it went up it in a
very short-term way if we fast forward
from then to today you've got national
debt running at 54% of GDP that's
clearly unsustainable there is no there
is not an obvious pot of money to plug
that hole and the Chinese who've signed
up to a lot of promised investments
surely they're gonna walk away at least
in the short term well I think that what
you're looking at is a situation where
this government is looking forward as
opposed to looking back and I think Lee
is correct that that many of the past
grievances and many of the concerns
about corruption involving time and
involving mightier allegations against
mightier and even Anwar and others in
the system are things that are probably
not going to be investigated in the way
that people many people would like but I
think that the focus is actually to
concentrate on building checks and
balances within current institutions and
to to create a system where it becomes
much more difficult to engage in the
graft that has been so excessive or
to be so excessive under the previous
administration and so I think these are
the steps that people are focusing on
and they're and I and I think that they
have been while well small from the
perspective of individually collectively
you know you're looking at less than two
months in government and you've seen you
know empowerment of local agencies
you've seen moving forward in terms of
allegations and the the 1mdb scandal is
actually extraordinarily big and it's
going to involve much more I would say
more charges and more assessments that
are going to actually put continue to
put this on the stage for many years to
come I mean this is a process that's
going to be extensive so I think that
there are these these shifts that are
taking place and what's really important
to understand is that the driver of this
is actually the public the the there is
a this a significant drive and plan and
call for a greater accountability and
this has been in the system since the
90s almost every election has been about
reform and now you have a situation
where there's been a turnover and
there's an expectation and this is going
to put pressure on the new government to
make some sort of substantive shifts
it's not going to be as as extensive
from the perspective of the past but I
think we were looking Malaysians are
looking towards the future and looking
towards the present and making it
something that they can be prouder of
and and to stop some of the excesses
that have happened so far Lee Jones in
London no place for dirty money that's a
direct quote from dr. Maha Chia when he
was in the run-up to the election that
he won two points very briefly because
we're almost out of time why did he win
the election so convincingly and on top
of that he accused his opponent of
institutionalizing corruption he was in
the room at the time he was part of the
same system so if they're getting rid of
the old what are they replacing it with
it's out with the old in with the old
surely well that is part of the problem
I mean
new people come into the system it is a
new coalition government it's not simply
about maja Tia he's the figurehead he's
a very important person but there are
new political parties that are reformist
that do want to dismantle elements of
the political economy system that he
helped create and I think he understands
that there were many negative byproducts
to to that and there are some departures
I mean what you said a moment ago about
China wanting to walk away I don't think
that's the case at all it's more the
other way around
maja Tia is much more cautious about
Chinese investment in the country so
many of the mega projects that were
signed under Najib as part of China's
one belt one Road or belton Road
initiative were extremely overpriced and
there are many allegations of corruption
swirling around those as well and he has
ordered a review of these projects so
the east coast main line railway system
for example has been suspended pending a
review and an attempt to suppress the
costs so I think he will generally
review those kinds of investments and
tried to cut the costs to Malaysia
renegotiate them with China and China
will be quite keen to push ahead as long
as it can its state-owned enterprises
can still make money out of it so there
will be some changes I think we were all
agreed though that they may not be as
revolutionary and radical as people
might like and why did he win well it's
partly due to very long term changes in
the Malay population in particular the
UM no government always relied on the
support of the Malay majority in
Malaysia that population is very much
changed over time thanks to Malaysia's
capitalist development it's become much
more urbanized much more educated and
those people have started to break away
from um no and even in the rural areas
the people have started to realize in
some cases that they don't really
benefit very much from them no rule the
money is all being funneled to as a
small tight-knit group of oligarchs
so essentially what the opposition was
able to do was prize away a significant
part of the Malay vote and without that
without the the vast bulk of Malay votes
the unknown could simply not win anymore
it's interesting to see that um knows
now doubling down on the Malay vote and
Malay racism and show
I'm essentially which may well consign
it to electoral oblivion at least in the
short to medium term so there are
significant changes ahead and the result
was quite stunning it was unexpected by
almost anybody I spoke to at the time I
just want to get a couple of final
thoughts from Abraham and from Bridget
as well Ibrahim Sufjan in Kuala Lumpur
I mean clearly this trial that we don't
know how long the sentence is going to
be we don't know what that will what
form that will take it is symbolic
clearly but how long until Malaysia is
fiscally and politically clean well I
think it's going to be a fairly long
process because the new government is
just barely started its initial steps
I think this trial is symbolic in the
sense that it is an attempt to break
from the past and this is significant in
a conservative and somewhat feudal
society that has always looked up to
leaders and absorbed leaders of
corruption and bad practices so this is
a clear departure from the past I think
what remains now is to strengthen the
confidence of the Malaysian public that
wanted so much reform that the
institutions that are now taking the
charge and proceeding with the judicial
process and in addition to that cleaning
up government and public finances be
done in a way that encourages this
confidence to continue at this moment
the Malaysian covered new government the
new administration has sizable political
goodwill that it has won in relatively
short period of time by the initiatives
that they have embarked virtually Roger
Ebrahim Brigitte last point to you is
there something here that the
politicians are aware of please in about
30 seconds that the voters patience with
their political masters it has an
expiration date on it and unless they
are seen to improve this they will want
to go someplace else I think that the
politicians are quite aware that they
have a short period of time mightier
himself being a being now 91 years old
also
has a short clock in terms of the the
fact that he's a man in the hurry but
it's not just about reform it's also
about improving the economy and making
them in addressing some of the social
problems in the society I think the new
government has a whole series of tasks
on their plate and these are
interrelated and I expect they are
conscious of that and they're trying
very hard to work towards that with a
considerable resistance given the fact
that this is very the challenges are
very deeply embedded and there we will
have to draw our discussion to a close
thanks to all our guests Bridget Welch
Lee Jones and Ibrahim sofyan and thank
you to you too for watching you can see
the show again any time by going to the
website al Jazeera calm and for further
discussion do check out our Facebook
page that's facebook.com forward slash
AG Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle at aj
inside story from me Peter Dhabi and the
entire team here in Doha we'll see you
very soon
you
