carrying much of the trade that keeps
North Korea going the Friendship Bridge
is a good barometer of the state of
relations with China and the bridge
remains busy despite sanctions there
speculation China is now more relaxed
about imposing them given the easing of
tensions and another indicator of
business picking up North Korean
restaurants in dong dong which closed
only a few months ago have reopened I
think people are optimistic that once
the sanctions are dropped they want to
be really well rooted in Ind and on
Michaels favor is a business consultant
who has just made Dan dong his base
he's an intermediary helping people do
business in North Korea
well we've had a lot more interest from
chambers of commerce from investment
groups to look at the situation and to
introduce people there's also a lot of
interest on the North Korean side we're
receiving faxes and emails the North
Koreans are looking for new business
partners here as well so the mood is
very optimistic right now right across
from his apartment is a new luxury
development despite its prime location
when we visited it last year property
sales weren't booming now most of the
apartments have apparently been sold for
twice as much as the original asking
price property prices have gone up and
down as the Korean Peninsula has veered
between the prospects of war and peace
and right now prices are surging so much
so the local government has imposed
restrictions to try to cool the market
commercial property sales are also
booming 80 percent of units have already
been sold in this new development that
could be home to traders from both sides
of the border if sanctions are lifted
from wanna develop that dong is in the
best position to become a trade hub for
Northeast Asia instead of being a
isolated town while there's been
extensive development on the Chinese
side of the river the North Korean side
remains largely undeveloped but a recent
visit by North Korean
Kim jong-un to potential development
sites has led to speculation that after
so many false starts this whole border
area north and south is about to take
off at last
Rob McBride al-jazeera Dandong
