thousands of demonstrators converged on
the steps of the Supreme Court where 40%
of the judges are losing their jobs it
was described by the Chief Justice as a
political purge but the ruling law and
justice party described them as part of
a self-serving elite out of touch with
ordinary people protesters across the
country accused the government of
undermining the Constitution with a
power grab in the highest sanctum of the
law aiming to fill its benches with
judges who bent to their will the
spokesman for the Supreme Court said
tragically history was repeating itself
in Poland turning back towards the
one-party state of the Communist era dr.
Duchamp I'm a doctor indeed we are
seeing a breaking of the principle of
the partition of power and the mutual
balancing of the different kinds of
power in favor of a uniform state power
suing the entire state from a single
centre the protesters have one powerful
ally on their side though the European
Commission in Brussels
they've started legal proceedings which
could end with Poland being in the dock
in the European Court of Justice but
other members of the legal establishment
dismissed that move as politically
motivated and say the fundamental
reforms needed after the fall of
communism are long overdue then process
that process in the assessment of many
people not just politicians and judges
but most importantly citizens has not
been completed as the protest continued
into the night outside the Supreme Court
time and again the protesters chanted
the word Constitution rights and
freedoms and democracy
regime the government hoped to ride this
storm of protest but the opposition say
this is a fight they must win for the
sake of future generations
David cheetah al Jazeera Warsaw
