this restaurant on a back street of
Addis Ababa is a popular meeting point
for Yemeni refugees while some have been
here from the onset of the war in Yemen
three years ago others have just arrived
eighteen-year-old abdel hamid sherri
arrived just six days ago he told me
about a long and difficult escape from
the Yemeni city of vada I don't mean I
don't do tea in Djibouti like that I
first came to Aden then traveled by boat
to Djibouti before boarding a vehicle
for the Ethiopian border officials at
the border were respectful the Ethiopian
government has an open-door policy for
year many refugees and like refugees of
other nationalities here they've been
allowed to live in urban areas but
access to jobs remains a challenge for
them as this country of 100 million
people has a huge unemployment problem
prophet a modest chairman of the Yemeni
refugee community in Ethiopia has a very
feminine and we frankly Ethiopian people
in government for the way they welcomed
us we live here like it's our own
country this is because of the huge bond
dating back thousands of years between
Ethiopia and Yemen once they cross the
border into Ethiopia Yemeni refugees
pass through security and Nationality
screening procedures before they are
registered without that they can't get
assistance from the UN refugee agency
constant delays of resettlement programs
to a third country are to their hardship
UNHCR pays us about $70 a month per
person it's not enough to live on that
rent and the cost of living are high yet
many here have little hope of a quick
return home an end to the conflict is a
long way of our country is the setting
of a proxy war between regional and
international powers but few places in
Yemen are these safe and so for the
refugees this is home for now
Mohamed o al Jazeera Addis Ababa
Ethiopia
