several recordings of migrant children
separated from their parents have
emerged over the last few weeks and the
response has been massive and angry but
a court hearing on Tuesday alleges the
abuse of migrant children by US
authorities has been going on for years
they handcuffed me and put a white bag
of some kind over my head
they took off all my clothes and put me
into a restraint chair where they
touched my hands and feet to the chair
they also put a strap across my chest
they left me naked and attached to the
chair for two and a half days including
at night that is one of many accounts of
life at the Shenandoah Valley juvenile
Center in Virginia swarm testing
accounts routine verbal and physical
assault by staff and days of new jala
tree confinement in freezing concrete
cells these children weren't convicted
of any crimes they say they were fleeing
violence in their home countries their
lawyers say they were subjected to
malicious and sadistic applications of
force both physical and psychological
the center denies the charges since the
Obama administration Latin American boys
and girls 12 and up accused of being a
gang member await a hearing in
facilities like these we don't know if
any children separated from their
parents in recent weeks have been sent
here but a manager at Shannon Dare says
many children are falsely accused the
youth were being screened as gang
involved individuals and then when they
came into our care and they were
assessed by our clinical and case
management staff they weren't
necessarily identified as gang involved
individuals in fact aid groups say these
are simply children traumatized by
violence in their home countries the
reason they sought asylum in the US and
that once at Shenandoah they are
traumatized further lawyers say that
information children give to social
workers and medical staff is used to
determine whether to send them to
facilities like Shenandoah for example a
child expressing fear of gang violence
may be classed as a gang member
it is very troubling that whatever they
tell their social worker or their
caseworker is not staying within that
confidentiality and the child is
trusting that caseworker and it is
very troubling when that information is
being shared outside of the scope of why
that case worker and social worker is is
helping that child only a fraction of
the some 12,000 migrant children in the
care of the US government end up at
facilities like this but it's hoped
concern for children separated from
parents will lead to a wider review of
the treatment of all migrant children
held by US authorities xie burton c al
jazeera the Shenandoah Valley Virginia
