these are delicate times for French
troops operating in the Sahel region of
sub-sahara Mali armed groups have
attacked and killed French soldiers and
their regional Task Force allies in Gow
and Suvari France has sent thousands of
soldiers to the remote area where groups
affiliated with ISIL and al-qaida have
grown in size and influence since 2011 I
obviously want to take a moment here for
our Malian friends following the
cowardly odious attacks of the
terrorists in Suvari and Gao several
French soldiers have been wounded and
are being evacuated to France and it is
Malian civilians African civilians who
are killed by terrorism who are the
first victims of these barbarians we
fight despite UN sanctions targeting
smugglers in Libya the networks remain a
busy main gateway for migrants crossing
the Mediterranean into Europe then watch
shot summit issued a watered-down report
on the situation in Western Sahara
calling for the AU to play a central
role in breaking the impasse a United
Nations brokered ceasefire has been in
force since 1991
but Morocco and the Polisario Front
remain deeply divided over how to end
the conflict and the African Union says
it will introduce zero-tolerance
policies for corruption but the leaders
of countries often accused of graft
inefficiency and crippling bureaucracy
didn't elaborate on what kind of
measures they plan to take Africa's
problems have spread beyond the
continent which explains why the EU has
stepped in offering cash and military
assistance to tackle the surge in
attacks by armed groups in the Sahel
region and to dismantle the migrants
smuggling networks but it's unclear if
that help will work with the ongoing
conflicts and lawlessness in many
African countries Hashima para al
Jazeera
walk shot
