when Samara Begum fled the horrors of
Myanmar and crossed into Bangladesh she
thought she'd found some safety for her
daughter and the rest of her surviving
relatives then the rains came a
landslide damaged part 4 host so we have
to move to another part of us and then
we all have to live in one small corner
sabirah is among the approximately
42,000 people here identified by aid
agencies as being at high risk from the
elements which means that for her and
many other were Hindu refugees things
are beginning to change for the better
together with humanitarian partners
we've been working hard to try and
mitigate the effects of the monsoonal
season here especially for Refugees
we're living in the settlements in the
camps Shibuya man 2 tells me many of the
areas where were hinder refugee settled
in this sprawling campsite are prone to
natural disasters so today we've had
relocations of refugee families who are
living in areas that are higher risk of
landslides and flooding and we've
relocated them to new sites here in the
camp on safer ground where they can be
better protected in this extension to
the camp it's a race against time these
days the construction is constant one of
the reasons that a program like this is
so important is so that an already
vulnerable population that's been
uprooted that's been so traumatized does
not also fall victim to the weather and
it's not just the landslides and it's
not just the floods that pose such a
threat during monsoon season the risk of
contracting waterborne diseases like
cholera goes up severely for Samaras
family at last some relief a first meal
in their new dwelling
my mother good bye and another boy over
there we suffered a loss with the little
ones we complain so many times but no
one will repair our homes
finally the aid workers told us we would
move to a better place and finally today
they moved us here it may not look like
much but for them right now it makes all
the difference in the world
Mohammed Jim Jim at the kuttappa long
refugee camp in Cox's Bazaar Bangladesh
