in 1968 world power signed a treaty to
stop the nuclear arms race but fifty
years later as the agreement worked and
who decides which countries get to have
nuclear weapons while others don't this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth Purana good faith is hardly a
legally binding term bart world powers
wove it into a landmark nuclear deal
that was signed fifty years ago the
nuclear non-proliferation treaty aimed
to stop the spread of nuclear weapons
and in time eliminate them completely
but it did not outline the concrete
steps needed to destroy existing
stockpiles and now some experts warn
that the danger of a nuclear war is
greater than it's ever been
we'll get to our guests in just a moment
but first Mary Anna haunt has this
report it was 23 years after the u.s.
dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima six
years after the Cuban Missile Crisis
five nuclear-armed nations signed a deal
in 1968 that brought the world back from
the brink of a potentially catastrophic
war the US Russia UK France and China
undertook in good faith to give up their
nuclear weapons the rest of the world
pledged not to acquire them every
country in the world signed up to the
nuclear non-proliferation treaty known
as the NPT with three exceptions India
Pakistan and Israel all three now have
nuclear weapons and then there's North
Korea it walked away from the NPT so it
could exploit peaceful nuclear
technology to make nuclear bombs itself
something Iran and others are also
accused of as it stands now there are
nine nuclear-armed nations and by that
assessment the NPT was a success dire
forecasts of a global nuclear arms race
never came to pass
nuclear warheads once in the tens of
thousands plummeted by around 80%
but if judged by the pledge to reduce
nuclear warheads to zero
well it's fallen far short the Stockholm
International Peace Research Institute
or slippery is tomates they're almost
15,000 nuclear weapons worldwide all but
around
them are in US and Russian hands
signatories to the NPT weren't required
to abolish nuclear weapons completely
they simply had to act in good faith to
de some experts say if it's towards
nuclear disarmament are slowing
prompting warnings of a new arms race as
nuclear weapon states like the US and
Russia look to inject billions of
dollars into modernizing and developing
their nuclear arsenals but there is a
strong push for change even if the
world's 9 nuclear-armed nations and
their allies are resisting it just last
year 122 countries signed up to a new
treaty to ban nuclear weapons it also
prohibits nations from allowing nuclear
weapons to be held on their territory
sanctioned by the United Nations it was
the product of a 10-year effort by the
international campaign to abolish
nuclear weapons or I can but the nine
nuclear-armed States refused to turn up
and the u.s. urged its allies to vote
against or boycott the UN conference I
came won the Nobel Peace Prize last year
for its efforts but it has a tough job
ahead it needs 50 states to ratify the
new nuclear ban treaty to make it
legally binding to date only 10
countries have done so none of them
major world powers mideon haand al
jazeera
well let's bring in our guests now
joining us on skype from durnstein
austria is tarik roth a nuclear
arms-control specialist he is also a
former head of the verification and
security policy coordination office at
the International Atomic Energy Agency
in Paris mark Fitzpatrick former US
State Department official where he also
served as acting deputy undersecretary
for proliferation and also on skype from
New Delhi as happy man Jacob associate
professor of diplomacy and disarmament
studies at the Jawaharlal Nehru
University School of International
Studies a very warm welcome to all of
you I'm going to start - would the same
first question to all of you which is 50
years on from the treaty was it a
success or a failure did it achieve its
aims mr. Rolf I'll start with you in
turn Stein well I would say that the
treaty has been a success the failings
are those of states themselves by not
living up to the obligations that they
themselves undertook particularly with
regard to achieving nuclear disarmament
and establishing a zone free of nuclear
and other weapons of mass destruction in
the region of the Middle East many
critics blame the failings on the treaty
itself rather than on the actions of the
191 member states of this treaty mr.
Fitzpatrick was the treaty access a
success but the countries a failure what
do you make of that
oh the the treaty was a huge success it
limited the number of nuclear-armed
States to less than 10 it changed the
whole norm of nuclear weapons for most
states in the world when they agreed to
make it permanent that they would forego
nuclear weapons but I would have to
agree of course with my friend Tariq
that states who have possessed nuclear
weapons over these years have shown no
intention of fulfilling the disarmament
obligation of the treaty although
legalistically they did in terms of
actually commitment to giving them up no
and mr. happy man Jacob what's the view
from India which is one of the countries
that never signed on to the tree
and went on to develop nuclear weapons I
think the feeling in Delhi is that it's
a mixed record the NPT has a certain
midst record it he has managed to create
a certain legal institutional mechanism
to ensure that not too many countries
develop nuclear weapons and at the same
time he has some early failed in leading
the world a nuclear weapon-free world
leading a few nuclear weapon-free world
I think therefore it is a it is a mixed
record and and III think that it is also
partly because of the way the treaty is
shaped and imagined it does not have any
time bound any clarity on time bound
disarmament I think that's a problem mr.
Roffe what do you make of the you know
part of the treaty which relied on good
faith for countries to disarm was that
fundamentally flawed do you think well
that was the best that would be achieved
at 1968 when the treaty was negotiated
and opened for signature but as mr.
Fitzpatrick just mentioned that really
was extended indefinitely in 1995 25
years after entry into force and at that
time the nuclear weapons States the NATO
allies and others promised to work to
its nuclear disarmament and they agreed
on very specific measures in 2000 and
2010 some of those measures have been
implemented but many others have not yet
been implemented so it's again the
treaty all treaties are political
compromises of the day the situation
keeps on changing so on the whole as mr.
Fitzpatrick said nuclear weapon states
have reduced their arms by nearly 85
percent since the height of the Cold War
but we still have 15,000 nuclear weapons
that need to be disposed of and the
early 2000 pounds of weapons usable
material and we're actually looking at a
situation now where several countries
have expanded their nuclear program
since the nuclear treaty was signed in
1968 just this week US official said
North Korea is still secretly enriching
uranium despite last month's
agreement and in February President
Donald Trump proposed a new national
budget that will increase the u.s.
nuclear arsenal we're gonna have the
strongest military we've ever had by far
we're increasing Arsenal's of virtually
every weapon we're modernizing and
creating brand-new a brand new nuclear
force and frankly we have to do it
because others are doing it if they stop
we'll stop but they're not stopping so
if they're not going to stop we're gonna
be so far ahead of everybody else and
nuclear like you've never seen before
and Trump's announcement was soon
followed by a similar decision from
Russian President Vladimir Putin the
Ministry of Defense in collaboration
with aerospace industry has begun an
active phase of testing a new missile
system with a heavy transcontinental
ballistic missile this new system has
virtually no limitations on distance it
is capable of attacking targets via both
the North and the South Pole it is a
formidable weapon no systems not even
prospective missile defense systems are
an obstacle for it mr. Fitzpatrick I
think I saw you shaking your head
earlier when Donald Trump was speaking I
mean we are in a situation now where the
US and Russia are openly declaring
greatly expanding their nuclear
capabilities in complete opposition to
the treaty which says that they should
disarm are we seeing a new nuclear arms
race between the US and Russia now well
I have to say yes to you I was shaking
my head because Trump says so many
things that are outrageous and you can't
take them at face value so when you
initially said that countries are
expanding their nuclear weapons program
you are right you know that they're
modernizing they're making them more
efficient and more usable actually but
expanding the number of nuclear weapons
and you know Washington and Moscow have
a treaty to which they have agreed to
draw down to a certain level and they're
not expanding beyond that level so we do
have to give them credit for having
reached an agreement under President
Obama
but Trump doesn't see interest Enix in
renewing that agreement but again given
the nuclear non-proliferation treaty why
are they expanding rather than
dismantling or disarming mr. Jacob I'll
go to you and why now no I think it is
about do you watch the right question it
is it is it is funny that superpowers
like the Russian Federation and the
United States of America have corn or a
nuclear part and continue to be on that
nuclear path while asking the other
countries to behave themselves I think I
think this is really where the problem
lies I think in retrospect countries
like India and China have behaved more
responsibly than secondaries like the
United States and and and and the anti
Russian Federation I think it is the I
think the reason why the Americans and
the Russians are doing what they are
doing is precisely because of what we
have argued all along under that they
are not serious about
NBT or the CTBT they are only they're
only serious about making sure that
other countries fall in line and and
sort of follow a particular trajectory
than themselves sort of following a
particular narrative and to ensure that
there is a nuclear weapon-free world in
what way do you think that India China
have fallen in line in a way that the US
and Russia happened because both India
and China also have nuclear weapons that
is kind of India developed its nuclear
weapons in 1998 and it has been 20 years
India has how many nuclear 110 and 120
compared to what the superpowers had say
10 years into their nuclear developments
India has a India's very very few
weapons that is the case with China and
China also has a very solid no excuse
India does not have a solid no first use
policy for China and China has probably
300 weapons
so even Pakistanis have no more than a
meter and 50 Perkins reference also I
think the other countries like China
Pakistan and India hopefully have fared
a lot better in many ways than the
superpowers and they continue to behave
in a manner that is not setting great
examples for the other countries in the
international system and mr. Roffe let
me come to you do you think
that the fact that all of these
countries especially when you're talking
about India China Pakistan India in
between you know two neighbors that it
has territorial disputes worth has it
made those countries safer like it says
it has well both India Pakistan argued
that nuclear weapons have prevented a
large-scale conventional war between the
two countries and that in fact is
correct but like with the two
superpowers it has created the room for
proxy wars and low-level conflict coming
back to the earlier point that President
Crump was talking about he was talking
about more in terms of delivery systems
new ballistic missiles new submarines
new bombers rather than making new
nuclear weapons and so China Russia and
the United States are busy developing
new more accurate faster and more
reliable delivery systems hypersonic
weapons possibly weapons in space and so
the arms race is moving in the direction
of more accurate delivery systems rather
than making more nuclear bombs and mr.
Jacob who's involved in this arms race
is it just the countries that have
nuclear weapons now or are we looking at
more countries no I think I think it is
not only the United States and Russia
involved in a nuclear arms race today
even countries like India Pakistan and
China are involved in it for example the
Indians are developing what is called
the ballistic missile defense technology
the Chinese and Indians are developing
anti-satellite technologies and Pakistan
is our own on well on their way to
developing tactical nuclear weapons and
you know so there are the street for
that reactions to what happens in
Beijing or in India or in Pakistan so I
think I think to be fair all three
countries in the in the region are
engaged in a nuclear arms race which is
which to my mind is very destabilizing
for the regional stability mr.
Fitzpatrick so all the countries that
have nuclear weapons are further
expanding their programs I want to pick
up on something mr. Jacob was saying
earlier about the US and Russia
expecting other countries to fall in
line
who does get to decide who has nuclear
weapons and why we have a situation now
where the United States has blocked the
Middle East being a nuclear-free region
because they support Israel having
nuclear weapons all the while pulling
out of this Iran nuclear deal because
it's not okay for Iran to so again who
gets to decide who has nuclear weapons
and why okay so I may have a little
difference of opinion with the other
respectable guests here but I'll say
that it's each of each individual state
has a sovereign right
whether or not to join the NPT and when
States made that choice and 190 so have
or so have they agreed to forego the
right to ever pursue nuclear weapons now
if they are faced with a national
calamity a existential threat then they
might decide to withdraw they also do
have that right but the one country that
chose to exercise at North Korea did so
under spurious grounds after having
violated the treaty yes the United
States and and other major powers do put
prep in countries but mainly they've
been able to do it by means of extending
guarantees to their allies and once they
have extended guarantees the Allies
don't need to pursue nuclear weapons
biggest danger we have today is that
some of those allies are distrusting the
credibility of the United States
security guarantee because of the kind
of Trump is saying about letting Japan
and South Korea go nuclear
I'm afraid Saudi Arabia might get that
kind of signal as well mr. Roffe if we
go back to the point that mr.
Fitzpatrick was saying about nation
sovereigns rights to be in the treaty
and also to pull out North Korea which
is the only country that did pull out
did not face any repercussions does the
treaty need to be revised so that
countries can't just pull out of it
well all international security treaties
do have a withdrawal clause the United
States for example would drew from the
1972 anti-ballistic missile treaty
when they thought that their security
situation has changed and the US
government has supported the concept of
countries leaving arms control treaties
but they should do it in a manner where
they are not in violation of that treaty
as North Korea was so I would say that
now we have a norm of non-proliferation
the non-proliferation treaty really is a
one-way street countries can join but
really the international consensus is
that they should not be able to leave
the treaty and go on to develop nuclear
weapons like North Korea did mr.
Fitzpatrick do you think that the
nuclear non-proliferation treaty still
stands or is it as it is or does it need
revising or what about the prospects of
ICANN or the international campaign to
abolish nuclear weapons what are its
prospects with everything that it's
trying to do given what none of the nine
countries that have nuclear weapons have
signed up to it so these two different
treaties and you I'm glad that you
brought into the discussion this
separate treaty that has now been
adopted last year to ban nuclear weapons
first of all the NPT really cannot be
changed even though it would be
advisable to do so including by
tightening the withdrawal mechanism
including by bringing greater definition
to what does it mean to build a nuclear
weapon so that a country can I get to
the very verge of having a nuclear
weapon and still be within the treaty
it'd be good if that could be improved
upon there are ways to do it without
fixing the treaty itself if only the
United States and Russia could come
together and other countries join under
their leadership they're just not doing
that and in terms of the ban the bomb
treaty unfortunately that was that was
put together in such a way that makes it
difficult for the the major powers to
join because of the the various flaws
including the lack of verification and
other aspects which we probably don't
have time to get into right now
but I do agree with the basic premise
here that at least the superpowers
should be joining in the conversation
because you know the the train has left
the station on this nuclear ban treaty
and the major states have to catch up
with it
but I don't think any
the of the nuclear powers actually
showed up to join the conversation
around I can even though it won the
Nobel Peace Prize last year for its
efforts mr. Jacob I'm going to ask you a
question that I feel like we've already
answered in this discussion but I have
to ask it anyway are any of these
countries actually serious about
disarmament even North Korea you know I
think I think the wait way I look at it
is focus on the on the achievable
outcomes focus on low-hanging foods and
I and in my mind the low-hanging fruit
is not really the MPT the low-hanging
fruit probably if the CTBT and e and the
FM city so I think if the if the
deepness make apart and those treaties
are and those titties are CTBT and the
FM city I think India and at the
international community probably should
open end of us conversation with say
Pakistan and India and probably even
China on the question of ctvt and I
think I think the the lack of interest
at India showed many many many years ago
towards the CTBT has changed a lot in
the in the reason in the recent years so
I think I think there are achievable
things there are there are low-hanging
foods I think we should focus on that
rather than going back to the NPT which
is not something that is possible to be
I think renegotiated or to be opened up
or for new members mr. Roth what do you
think of what mr. Jacob is saying and
also as we look back again coming
towards the end of the show do you think
that the NPT and the nuclear deterrence
that it offered has made the world any
safer so I think mr. Jacob was quite
correct the non-proliferation treaty is
buttressed by the comprehensive
nuclear-test-ban treaty which bans all
nuclear explosions forever however the
United States and China have signed but
not ratified as as Iran and Egypt India
Pakistan and North Korea have not yet
signed this treaty so the need for a
treaty you prohibit the production of
nuclear materials for nuclear weapons
purposes and also to bring in existing
stocks up
materials and then the prohibition
treaty that we refer to you basically
reflects the frustration of 122
non-nuclear weapon states at the lack of
nuclear disarmament and failure to move
to its elimination of nuclear weapons in
their particular view so in that
particular context still the
non-proliferation treaty has succeeded
in preventing some 22 countries from
going on to develop nuclear weapons
whether nuclear deterrence has kept the
peace in NATO and in the Far East
is a debatable point the supporters
maintain that it has the opponents
maintain that we have been very lucky
that for 70 years we haven't had a
nuclear detonation by accident or by
design and our luck may well run out and
this is the position of the
International Campaign for the abolition
of nuclear weapons that you were
referring to I can the nuclear weapon
states and their allies have been caught
short footed with the nuclear weapons
prohibition treaty and their rejection
of it and the vehemence of their
rejection shows how desperate they are
to preserve their reliance on nuclear
weapons and nuclear deterrence much
against the view of the international
community mr. Fitzpatrick has the sort
of mutually assured destruction of
nuclear deterrence made the world safer
in the last 50 years or have we just
been lucky and where are we going now do
you think actually I think it's both I
think that the mutually assured
destruction has contributed to the non
use of nuclear weapons over the past 70
years over the absence of major wars
between the main powers because of the
the fear of destruction but but dr.
Rolph is entirely correct we have been
lucky but it's so many near misses when
nuclear weapons may have been used by
accident or misperception about what the
other side was doing so where are we
going from now at the moment where it
worth dead
we're dead stuck in the water there are
no arms control talks there's no talk
about United States and Russia I'm
moving forward with any other treaties
what we have the new treaty the nuclear
test ban treaty which i think is flawed
but that's where the moma
is right now whether the world can
coalesce around a new norm about no
nuclear weapons anywhere is that I think
the test of where we're going all right
mr. Fitzpatrick thank you very much for
that and thank you to all of our guests
that is Tareq Ralph and durnstein mark
Fitzpatrick in Paris and happy Mon Jacob
in New Delhi and thank you too for
watching you can see the programme again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com /aj Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
Twitter a handle is at AJ inside story
for me Elizabeth puranam and the entire
team here bye for now
you
you
