the foothills of the song Nissan
Mountain are extremely tranquil there is
an absence of noise and pollution only
the prayers break the silence it is the
perfect site for a place of worship so
serene that Buddhist monks travel from
all over South Korea just to meditate
here geographically speaking Bob juicer
is located in the center of South Korea
and our space is vast compared to other
temples not only that we host the flower
garland Sutra that you can say serves as
the identity of Korean Buddhism some
traditions have been carried forward
since the monastery was built nearly one
and a half thousand years ago the UNESCO
World Heritage listing establishes the
outstanding value of a site where it's
conservation is recognized to be in the
interests of all humanity South Korea
has 12 World Heritage listed sites one
natural and 11 cultural and wants to add
more including here
the architectural II significant pop
juicer temple the monastery is
considered an important center for the
belief in matreya
the future Buddha the temples treasure
hall of the great hero serves as the
main area of worship and is a rare
example of a double storey of main hall
but it's the Hall of a picture's
enshrining paintings of the eight scenes
from the historical Buddha life which
makes this place so special it is the
only original wooden pagoda in Korea
people enjoyed opportunity as a basis we
monks look to do good in the world as we
consider Bob juicers role in a peaceful
reunified Korean Peninsula and for the
community will be strengthened in the
work that we do through a UNESCO
designation Magatha is the head temple
of the Jogye order of Korean Buddhism
founded in the ninth century it has what
the South Korean government calls 18
cultural gems and is known for its
calligraphy the monastery is one of
seven South Korea would like to see
eventually listed
Jeju Island is South Korea's only listed
natural heritage site chosen for its
geological features and ecological value
the volcanic island contains massive
lava tubes deep beneath the earth as
well as significant marine and coastal
wildlife on Saturday the 42nd session of
the World Heritage Committee voted
unanimously to include all seven South
Korean mountain temples on the listing
Craig Leeson al Jazeera somnus and
National Park South Korea
