hey let's mijo Harrison this is my son
Harrison he was 19 and studied
architecture maricella Orozco's
mantelpiece is in fact a shrine to her
two murdered sons place where she can at
least keep their ashes close to her
three years ago the eldest Herson was
kidnapped
yeah his castles kids here on us cuando
a few hours later fifteen-year-old Alan
a football player was murdered along
with his brother-in-law and Veracruz
where they used to live even though the
family paid the ransom to get her son
back he was never returned
eventually the remains of Mary sellers
eldest son were found in a bus grave
along with 190 other missing people in
Java vehicle Esperanza I thought one day
I would find her son the only thing I
have of him now is his call and a piece
of hip and leg because those monsters
chopped them all to pieces there's no
peace for the families of the more than
30,000 Mexicans who were murdered last
year and the equal number who are still
missing records that are expected to be
surpassed this year there is another
type of crime that is also destroying
Mexico this is what's left of a school
that collapsed during last September's
earthquake here in Mexico City and these
little angels represent the 19 children
who were crushed to death when a
structure that was built illegally by
the school's owner fell on top of them
she had apparently paid off local
officials to turn a blind eye to the
building code the victim's parents say
that they died not because of the
earthquake but because of corruption a
phenomena that is spreading like a
disease throughout Mexico impacting
almost every aspect of life
which is why confronting crime violence
and the widespread corruption that makes
those things possible are the main
issues for tens of millions of Mexicans
as they choose a new president take a
paella one has to pay the criminal so
that I'd let you work in peace
sometimes it's a police that man's
prized corruption is everywhere the NGO
Mexicans against corruption and impunity
that says the corruption costs the
poorest thirty five percent of their
income but in poverty and violence in a
vicious circle and when you start
hitting the economy with those levels of
violence and those levels of corruption
of course nobody's going to want to
invest and and that's where you
perpetrate and you have more inequality
more poverty and of course crying I
didn't mean that there's neither a
silver bullet nor a presidential
candidate with serious proposals to turn
the tide yet like millions of Mexicans
maricella hasn't given up pero dijo or
attack avnl come here they go where no
now there will be a new government which
has the power to do more
we hope this time things will change
after losing so much hope she reminds us
is the last thing you can lose to see a
Newman al Jazeera Mexico City
