Archbishop Oscar Romero had just
finished his sermon when a gunshot rang
out an assassin's bullet struck the 62
year old but the murder failed to
extinguish his message of peace and
social justice now 38 years later the
Catholic Church is declaring him a saint
ostensibly it's for a medical miracle
curing Cecilia Flores of a
life-threatening illness but for her and
many other Salvadorans he's much more
he's a person who fought for all
Salvador and continues fighting and
continues to intercede for the country a
brave man who defended life defended the
family defended the most needy that's
what he means to me many in the working
class loved Romero for speaking out for
equality and defending them against
repression from a military led
government conservative sectors on the
other hand saw him as allied with
leftist groups as the country lurch
towards civil war he remains a divisive
figure even now he knew that would put
him in danger no I will not abandon my
people but along with them I will run
all the risks that my ministry demands
in the end of right-wing death squad
ordered his murder a day after he
beseeched the army to stop killing
civilians tens of thousands turned up to
the funeral
even that was disrupted by explosions
and gunfire Salvador Civil War ended 36
years ago but the country still suffers
from the causes that Romero spoke
against widespread inequality and
violence now at the hands of warring
gangs the hope is that decades on his
message will still resonate even among
those too young to remember his life
John Holman al-jazeera
