relax politics is at a critical moment
when the clock struck midnight local
time and ticked over into Sunday the
mandate of Iraq's Parliament expired a
new Parliament was supposed to emerge
following the general elections last
month but differences over results are
still unresolved which presents a
constitutional dilemma for Iraq after
weeks of discussions about whether the
outgoing Parliament should extend its
mandate it has finally decided to end
its term from now and until a new
Parliament is in place Iraq will be in a
constitutional vacuum who can put things
back on track legally or
constitutionally speaking I mean so the
the government has the opportunity to do
so so the government is responsible for
implementing the law and the and and the
Constitution and the courts are
responsible for overseeing that the
implementation has taken place in
accordance with the law and the and the
Constitution so the government and the
courts can do so together the results of
the May 12 electrons led by prime
minister haider al-abadi it came in
third contrary to its expectations
nationalistic alliance of mostly secular
parties but led by Shia cleric moqtada
Sadr got the most seats 54 of 328 in
second place came in Alliance of Iran
groups several parties cried foul
alleging irregularities that included
vote rigging glitches in new voting
machines and destruction of ballots
prime minister haider al-abadi said
security agencies had evidence of
unprecedented violations on saturday the
independent high electoral committee
decided to start a manual recounting of
votes only in areas where irregularities
were reported that will begin in Kirkuk
Erbil and other provinces on Tuesday
some parties say that's not enough and
want a total recount these are serious
problems none of which were resolved
before the current Parliament expired
which adds political uncertainty to a
long list of problems for Iraq Hamad on
al Jazeera
