many only know Pakistan as their home
they were born there but Afghan refugees
now face being kicked out sent back to a
country still riven by war can of danced
on cold and as Panther stands decision
purely political this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth puranam more than two million
Afghan refugees in Pakistan now living
in uncertainty as a deadline for them to
leave the country expired on Saturday
the government in Islamabad announced
last year that all Afghan refugees must
return to their homeland they approve of
registration cards have been extended a
number of times but the government says
eventually they will all have to leave
for many of these refugees Pakistan is
and always has been home Afghan families
first began seeking asylum in Pakistan
in 1979 when war broke out so many of
them were born and raised there
they also say conditions are not safe in
Afghanistan for them to return but the
Pakistani government says its economy
cannot afford what it caused the burden
of the refugees any longer
kamaal higher as more from the capital
Islamabad ever since the Russian
invasion of Afghanistan in late 1970s
the oven refugees have called Pakistan
their home the government of Pakistan
has been exerting pressure on these
refugees to go back because they said
that these camps are used as sanctuaries
by militant outfits which are targeting
Pakistan however as the relationship
between Kabul and Islamabad has become
better after several rounds of talks
between the civil and military
leadership Pakistan is more careful as
far as dealing with the Afghan refugees
is concerned the country is also due to
hold an election on the 25th of July
after which a new government will be in
place in Islamabad to take key decisions
on the future relationship with
Afghanistan and the plight of the Afghan
refugees residing in this country the
United Nations High Commission for
Refugees is optimistic that despite the
fact that 30th was indeed the deadline
the government of pakistan was likely to
increase that deadline till the end of
the year and to ease the suffering of
the Afghan refugees residing across this
country
this is Kemal Hyde reporting for inside
story from Islamabad
well almost 1.4
liyan registered Afghan refugees were
living in Pakistan at the beginning of
this year the UN's refugee agency
estimates up to 1 million unregistered
refugees were also there since then only
21,000 that's fewer than 1% have
returned to Afghanistan that's according
to the UN's humanitarian office around
150,000 left last year when Pakistan
first announced its repatriation plans
but fewer than half of registered
refugees helped by the UNHCR the others
either went back of their own accord or
were deported by Pakistan well let's
bring in our guest now joining us from
Kabul is Ria's
Siddhartha former Afghan refugee in
Pakistan who returned to Afghanistan in
2003 here in Doha Navid Ahmed an
investigative journalist from Pakistan
and also from Kabul as William Carter
head of the ANA Stan program at the
Norwegian Refugee Council a very warm
welcome to all of you mister said that
let me start with you should the
deadline for Afghan refugees to leave
Pakistan be extended once again what
does it stake here for them thank you
very much for having me here I believe
it should be extended there is need for
extension and the Government of Pakistan
shouldn't be using the refugees as a
political pressure at the moment
everyone government doesn't have that
capacity at the moment to absorb those
huge number of refugees and the
government can prioritize government
revenues and can prioritize different
categories of refugees which can be
absorbed for example those groups and
established businesses or those who have
relatives and family members abroad but
those who are living with very limited
means in Pakistan will be very difficult
for them to absorb and to adjust to the
environment of Afghanistan so the
government of pakistan should comply to
the non-refoulement principle and extend
this deadline mr. Ahmed why after
hosting Afghan refugees for nearly 40
decades has Pakistan started
repatriating them
and made such a priority of it in the
last two years why at this time well the
answer is very clear since hamid karzai
government and the following government
afghanistan has been ruling it has been
ruled by its own people and there has
been no plan as such as to how the
refugees are going to go back there is
no public pressure as such on the flood
refugees to be returned to be
repatriated there is a sympathy there is
that Brotherhood that was there in 1979
to a great degree but when there are
incidents of terrorism and somehow when
refugees are found involved in them or
in political protests like Pashtun
toughies movement a recent political
upsurge then it raises some concerns
more so because of economic reasons as
Kemal deported from Islamabad the dastan
Bhatt has been in distress from various
you know the reason for various reasons
internally shows corruption
mismanagement and now this FF ATF these
all of them snowball and create a
scenario for Islamabad to seek a plan
from Afghanistan for the ape
repatriation and understanding generally
is that Afghanistan is not serious about
taking the responsibility of the
refugees as much as the refugees want to
stay and Pakistan understands their
Werner ability and the same feeling of
ownership is not there in Kabul mr.
William Carter do you think of gana stan
is in a position to take these refugees
back given the number of violent attacks
and the instability that continues in
the country I mean just last year two
people were killed in attacks more than
7000 injured yes we would agree that now
would not be the best time for people to
be encouraged to return back to
Afghanistan security instance have gone
up control over parts of the country has
really gone down and the situation is
very very fragile and uncertain with the
elections coming we saw a large wave of
people of refugees feeling forced to
return in
2016 from Pakistan to eastern
Afghanistan it's a very tenuous position
Nangarhar province on the border with
Pakistan has seen the Islamic states
align groups fight with the Taliban
fight with the governments and
international military forces it's a
province where the mother of all bombs
was dropped last year her province where
just a few months ago our colleagues
that save the children in eastern
Afghanistan were unfortunately attacked
it's really a unsafe situation right now
we'd also say that in our own studies
and research which reads released
earlier in this year in January pointed
out that of those hundreds and thousands
of people that had come back in 2016
many of them had been forced to flee
again or leave their homes because of
insecurity or because they hadn't found
basic services available to them so
really there's not a solution here just
yet we really hope that the Government
of Pakistan remains patient and that the
in such community can support refugees
staying in Pakistan who have been very
on the whole generous host over four
decades of hosting hosting Afghan
refugees but now really it's not the
right time for people to feel forced or
encouraged to come back mister Navi
Dartmouth what do you make of that
because you know you are citing the
security and economic reasons that
Pakistan is considering and sending
these refugees back but as mr. Carter
has been saying there is a real security
problem where there is a lack of it in
Afghanistan so how much how high is that
a factor in the Pakistan government's
consideration here well that's a very
valid point the insecurity in
Afghanistan has risen and this is a sign
that the government in Kabul is not
effective and which raises the concern
in Islamabad as to how would these
refugees eventually go back if it's like
if Kabul keeps losing control and
militants whether they are - or Taliban
or other factions they continue to go
and gain more space and they operate in
larger areas than they were like five
years ago or two years ago
or that concern very much exists what is
and what is more important is the
commitment that garbled shows or legs to
show on the table and in its plans as my
friend Sadat said in Kabul that there
there should be a priority there should
be a serious and and a discussion about
how in phased manner all these refugees
can go there is little progress on that
account and Islamabad feels that these
this political politicization of the
issue which is being said in terms helps
Kabul and Washington and other
stakeholders realize that this table is
not obliged to continue this hospitality
for a very long time on the other hand I
would just give you a very separate
example there is this movement called
open the border in southern Syria Daraa
and Jordan for Jordan to open the border
but at the same time Jordans is saying
that we need support for Pakistan the
same has been not there for for a long
time and instead there is a recent grey
list edition of Pakistan for in f80 a
financial action task force all these
things cannot coexist at Pakistan
continues to take the responsibility
that is due to it on the name of
neighbourhood and humanity but then a
Washington which needs starboard support
continues to press Islamabad against the
wall yes so Pakistan you know has taken
in a great number of Afghan refugees
obviously more than anyone else and
you're saying that it has not received
the international support that it needed
to do so mister said that let me come
back to you because you were actually an
Afghan refugee in Pakistan so what was
your experience of that but also of
returning to Afghanistan did you have
the support you needed when you returned
thank you
well I lived in Pakistan as a refugee
camp for about 14 years and I grew up
there I had my primary and secondary
schooling there we lived in a mud
housing and in difficult tuition but
we thought that how life was we didn't
know how difficult life or situation was
there now we know we were in difficult
but at that time we thought that was the
normal life for everyone the time we
were returning after the fall of Taliban
in 2003 we thought in Pakistan that we
are taking a very difficult decision and
we are going to a place especially for
me that I had never been before to Kabul
so when we came the beginning it was a
bit difficult to adjust but soon soon
after we realized that our parents had
taken a very positive decision it was
their decision then it was voluntary it
was it was a voluntary decision that we
left the category camp in Pakistan which
sure as soon was built those later but
our migration to Pakistan was forced and
and that was but the returning was of
course a voluntary at that time are
comparing Afghanistan of 2003 with 2018
it's quite different and in situation
has improved in terms of infrastructure
or economy or job in other terms and at
that time we thought it was the life was
difficult in the beginning on the few
first months but later on we were very
happy with our decision and right now
when I look look back at the past years
that I have lived in Afghanistan
and the opportunities that we have
grabbed and and used I think we couldn't
do that in Pakistan so there are such
opportunities for the refugees and their
attorneys who are coming back they are
not available in Pakistan for them but
if they come here they can utilize them
and use them for great mr. Carter how
many of the refugees who returned have
an experience that's similar to mr.
Sadat switch was positive because the
UNHCR says that returns have to be
voluntary safe and dignified but is that
often the case those four returns to be
good and well-managed yes they do need
to be safe a voluntary and dignified and
every every refugee registered or not in
Pakistan has a right to return out at
their own free will and we would support
that along with other agencies but what
it was unclear or perhaps clear in 2016
when we saw 600,000 refugees come back
very suddenly over the course of four or
five months many hadn't been prepared
many were not very well informed about
the conditions that they were returning
to so it's these are standards which we
have to uphold and encourage the
Government of Pakistan to make sure
happens and it's as the voluntary
repatriation process is a very sensitive
one that needs to be done with enough
time for people to make informed
decisions some of those people who
returned many years ago this was a
process which they've been very happy
with but we have to make sure that when
tempers run high and patience runs thin
that we can still support refugees to
make an informed decision to come back
and ideally to an area where it's safe
and where they have access to basic
services but that is the opposite of
what I saw and what we saw when we were
in eastern Afghanistan two years ago
I've seen thousands of families living
in open shelter or no shelter conditions
overcrowding in unfinished buildings I
saw children sleeping in the mud next to
livestock heavily pregnant women feeling
suddenly forced to return at this point
some of them giving birth during or in a
few days of having returned so there
have been instances in the past which we
hope are not repeated in which this was
a less than ideal scenario but we are
hopeful that some Pakistani cavern
minutes will continue to show its its
mercy and reprieve for Afghan refugees
to stay as long as they need to
particularly whilst hostilities have
nots
in Afghanistan mr. Ahmed the time and
the incidents that mr. Carter is talking
about two years ago was when tensions
and tempers were running high following
deadly attacks in Pakistan in both you
and mr. Sadat have spoken about how
Afghan refugees have been used as a
political tool between these two
countries how can you make sure that
this doesn't happen again there is a
road map there could be this is not a
new situation refugees have been
repatriated from various parts of the
world and there is a method to do it the
issue is that how do you categorize it
is there a road map on the Afghanistan
stable and how Afghanistan wants to get
it implemented on its site
if Afghan government keeps losing
security of its districts and districts
keep follow falling to daesh or Taliban
every now and then in a month like three
to four
how would that framework be implemented
so the primary question is is
Afghanistan safe enough for any refugees
to come back and the secondary question
is that whether Pakistan is financially
is strong enough to deal with the
presence of so many people who are not
paying taxes who are burden on resources
who have contributed to economy as well
but not to the extent as they would have
had they been citizens and well-equipped
so there is there is a mallett of
questions that need to be addressed it's
not just as simple that they are being
politicized there are genuine concerns
which were emanate from security economy
and of course humanitarian concern that
they will be killed or recruited by
Taliban and - once they across the
border line so and above all how of al
Assad's government reacts towards
Pakistan is it is it speaking the
language of India which it has been how
Afghanistan's Intelligence Agency has
been using a France on the Pakistani
side for political purposes by launching
a movement against the military or or
political parties there are these
delicate issues that need to be
understood and confidence level over the
past six months or so has
really risen there is a track active
track to diplomacy going on and I hope
there will be a way out in a framework
that could be debated publicly and also
within the government mr. Siddarth what
do you make of all of those concerns
coming from the Pakistani side are they
being addressed adequately by the
government of Afghanistan well let me
make a comment here that first if we
look at the security situation in
Afghanistan it's not ideal but it does
not mean that the written stop because
of the security situation if the
security situation is so worse than the
people who are currently living in
Afghanistan should also go somewhere
else what we are more concerned in
Afghanistan about returns is the
economic situation and their integration
into society here security will be the
same for all and and we have a hope and
an peace will consume and there is life
in Afghanistan there are businesses and
and kind of so much is going on so
security shouldn't be the main or the
major reason for them of not returning
there are some other economic problems
again we should be focusing on that so
the government of Afghanistan or not on
the government of Afghanistan but all
stakeholders in the refugees situation
have their own responsibilities and they
have to perform them there is starting
from Afghanistan they have to look into
different categories of refugees in
Afghanistan for example those who have
established businesses in Pakistan and
in a good lives there they can come
easily in and adjust Levinson's life
they have they should have a smooth
transition for their companies in
factories into Afghanistan or those
skilled laborers that we have in
Pakistan that when refugees in Pakistan
they can come to Afghanistan and they
can have decent lights and Afghanistan
to or could be exported as labour
skilled Labor's to Middle East countries
apart from that those are funds living
in Pakistan who have their family
members abroad in Western countries or
in Middle East can have decent lives in
Afghanistan without any problem
similarly there are
who are working in Afghanistan but their
families still live in Pakistan
Afghanistan should promote and ask them
to bring the families back to
Afghanistan now remains the people who
are having difficult life living in
Pakistan they have very limited means of
life there then that's difficult for
everyone government to adjust yeah so
our government should think about
policies implementing policies for their
housing and for their placement in
Afghanistan mr. Cotter everything that
we've spoken about requires a lot of
support and a lot of finance as well our
international organizations of the
international community doing everything
it can to support these millions of
people in Afghanistan there is got a
well-established humanitarian and
development community here which is
working on on this issue but really it's
up to us to supports in this respect the
government so to be able to increase the
absorptive capacities of service
delivery so that health facilities
educational facilities don't get
overwhelmed with this but also some of
the the longer-term issues are aspects
that would help people not just come
back and survive but hopefully thrive so
for example looking at who where people
can live and looking at access to jobs
so from this side of the border the in
such community is present it is
difficult to work but we are committed
here and we are working with the
government to help increase this
capacity for a longer term solution but
the government really needs more more
time yeah we need to be more patient
with it it's God's elections coming up
it's got you know it's trying to rebuild
a lot of its state institutions and
there's multiple emergencies internally
affecting Afghanistan such as an
emerging droughts such as internal
displacement in we don't have very long
left of the program and I would just
like to pick up on something that you
mentioned which is a long-term solution
and put that to both of our guests
quickly before we end how do you find a
long-term solution because these sort of
ad hoc extensions and unpredictability
extending their stay for one to three to
six months is is not sustainable
mr. sad FL start with you before going
to mr. Ahmed and so mr. Khan said of
course the current situation of refugees
in Paxson shouldn't be built as an
emergency situation a long-term
solutions are very important and then
how do we do that so as I mentioned
before the categorization of different
refugees and returnees that how do we
adjust them easily later on there should
be policies in programs for example that
- to train those returnees with a
specific job or or another skill that
that we don't have very long lifts so I
will give the last word to mr. Ahmed
here in Doha thank you
yeah I think the real issue is the
security situation the political
dialogue between Taliban and the
government of Afghanistan should be
supported by all stakeholders and that's
where the key lies and once that reaches
develop some confidence building
measures I think Pakistan and
Afghanistan can come back come to the
table for to discuss a framework and a
plan of return or repatriation of
refugees all right mr. Ahmed thank you
very much for that and thank you to all
of our guests that is VR that in Kabul
Navid Ahmed in Doha and William Carter
also in Kabul and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website al
Jazeera calm and for further discussion
do go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com/ /aj inside story you can
also join the conversation on Twitter a
handless at aj inside story from me
elizabeth puranam and the whole team
here bye for now
you
you
