a week after the boys in their coach
passed through this entrance into the
Tom Wong cave a line of ambulances and
hundreds of workers carry out a drill
for the rescue non-home boon p.m. is the
mother of one of those boys she tells us
13-year old monk owned loved all sports
but football was his favorite mother and
son are very close uncharacteristically
he did not ask for permission to go to
the cave opened a club he's a good boy
he liked to play football since he was
small I always support him I never
thought anything like this would happen
because whenever he would leave home he
always asked for permission for the
first few days after mongkhon went
missing his mother just cried at one
point she was so distraught and
exhausted she fainted she's only just
started eating again she did not
previously know any of the other parents
of the missing boys now they're getting
strength from each other I feel much
better now and the support is making me
stronger I had to be strong but I wished
my son comes out today the Tom wan cave
complex goes on four kilometres now this
is a section of it across from where the
searching for the boys and their coach
is going on now now people here locals
believe that there is a spirit in these
caves and this is where they come to
make offerings to it while offerings to
the caves spirit and gods continue so
does the searching for a second day
water is flowing from the mouth of the
cave decreasing the level inside the
flooded sections of the cave complex and
rain has been light and in the Hills
another chimney our hole leading down
toward the cave is being explored as a
possible way into the cave complex the
spirit of the cave is fabled to be that
of a woman who was waiting for her
husband to return to her much like the
relatives who have been here since last
Saturday Scott Hauser aljazeera chiang
rai
