nine-year-old appeals parents died from
AIDS four years ago her grandmother took
care of her until she passed away the
little girl who has HIV was living at a
now shuttered orphanage in the northern
Ugandan city of Gulu a Pio is now cared
for by her legal guardian Jeffrey who
has four kids of his own there's a lot
of pleasure but I'm trying too hard to
make sure my family and the child I'm
taking care of yeah okay Valerie was the
manager of one shelter that shut its
doors the orphanage was home to children
who lost their parents to AIDS and war
the government of Uganda does not want
the children to grow up in the
children's home we resettle the children
with their Guardians their auntie's some
of them their uncles or even their elder
siblings many in Uganda worried the
closure of some 600 orphanages will put
children out on the streets without the
basic skills for survival UNICEF says
there are two and a half million orphans
in Uganda and 153 million worldwide the
charity hope in home says children
living in orphanages are 40 times more
likely to have a criminal record and 500
times more likely to commit suicide
researchers say children who grow up in
orphanages suffer physically
intellectually and emotionally the
quality of life of orphans in Uganda is
what's worrying the Commissioner for
youth and children's affairs he's
overseeing the closure of orphanages
that don't meet the government's
criteria we have also learned that many
of these orphanages are being used as
routes to Truscott children out of the
country and suspecting parents just
leave their children to be taken on by
anybody under the guise of hoping them
and in the end those children are
suffering one of the licensed homes in
Gulu is st. Jude it's home to more than
90 orphans orphanage is really not the
best place for the children to grow up
in but also it has the advantages for
the children because some of the
children without the orphan
who have studied while living with
family is the ideal situation for
orphans licensed shelters can help st.
Jude says some of the children who have
grown up in their home have turned out
to be productive and successful people
with university education and fulfilling
careers
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
