dozens of signs and posters are being
prepared for something big a protest
bringing together more than a hundred
different groups all opposed to US
President Donald Trump's zero-tolerance
policy on migrants it's a national day
of action it's not only here in
Washington DC but also across the
country the message is simple and our
demands are simple we want to see
families reunited once again and we want
an end to family separation and family
detention policies images of children
locked away crying out for their parents
after being forcibly separated from them
have shocked many the US government
admits more than 2300 children have been
taken from their parents since May a
federal court has ordered them to be
reunited a majority of them are fleeing
violence in countries like Honduras and
El Salvador or extreme poverty in the
case of Guatemala the outcry from those
opposing the treatment of child migrants
has led to calls for protests across the
United States in Washington on Thursday
nearly 600 people were arrested during a
demonstration inside the United States
Senate
among those led away by police from
Capitol Hill whose Hollywood actor and
activist Susan Sarandon
president Trump continues to call for a
strengthening of the us-mexico border
through the construction of a wall
something immigration experts say does
nothing to address the root cause of
migration extreme violence and poverty
in Central America the practice of
separating migrant families has halted
but the organizers behind the protests
against president fronts zero tolerance
policy insists that more demonstrations
like the ones planned for Saturday will
continue until these families are
reunited my name is Apollo al-jazeera
Washington
