when the future of the European Union
may be at stake it's worth staying up
all night to save its so that's what
they did
emerging wearily at 5:00 in the morning
the French president suggested they had
breached a gap many thought impossible
Europe is not an island and we must be
able to face up to this challenge whilst
remaining loyal to our values and
protected our people and national
cohesion tonight we took an important
step many predicted the impossibility of
an agreement many predicted the triumph
of national solutions tonight we have
succeeded in finding a European solution
and a way of working in cooperation
macron will take the credit for winning
the rebellious its Hallion government
surrounds the breakthrough policy is to
set up centers at which migrants and
refugees will be screened and either
sent home or resettled among countries
prepared to have them even if it isn't
clear how the italians who had also
demanded reform of wider Asylum rules
then signaled their consent at the end
of this European Council we have our
more responsible and more united Europe
Italy is no longer alone and keeping the
hard line is happy extended to Germany
as well where Chancellor Merkel's
political future has been in the balance
the indication seemed to be that the
right-wingers in her coalition seems
satisfied that Germany will be better
protected from mass refugee flows though
Merkel herself acknowledged the vast
rift in Europe about humanitarian values
we have agreed on five guidelines but
two are still lacking a common European
Asylum system but I'm optimistic after
today that we can really continue to
work even though there is still a lot to
be done to bridge the different views
other moves like strengthening support
for the Libyan Coast Guard will be
condemned by humanitarian organizations
as Europe turning its back on its legal
obligations if this was success it was
only in that its staved off the apparent
imminent collapse of the European Union
under the weight of migration but in
doing so it gave more weight to the
populist right-wing in Europe a further
retreat from the liberal van
the European Union is so fond of
proclaiming and as ever the final
communique was long on wishes and very
short on promises about how to
accomplish them this may have averted a
crisis for now but Europe remains a
political unit deeply unhappy Lawrence
Lee al Jazeera Brussels
