what's the best way to improve people's
mental health across an entire nation
that's the question u.s. u.s. health
professionals and advocates are
considering amid a rise in suicide rates
across the country I'm familiar okay and
I'm Malika Bilal you're watching the
stream live on YouTube today we'll look
at what's behind this concerning trend
and examine ways to reverse it the issue
of mental health is such a personal
subject one that requires the very
lightest of touches to provide the best
outcome for people with depression but
the scale of the task to provide vital
care is vast almost 45 thousand people
in the u.s. died by suicide in 2016
researchers at the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention recently found
that suicide rates rose more than 30
percent and half of all US states from
1999 to the end of 2016 the biggest
increases were found in central and
northern states only one state Nevada
saw a drop in the suicide rate over the
survey period here's more from the CDC
so what more can be done to improve care
for those facing mental health issues
for more on this were joined by Jerry
Reed he's on the executive committee of
the National Action Alliance for suicide
prevention thank you we have Allison
Mullen she's the founder and executive
director of Active Minds a nonprofit
organization focusing on mental health
awareness and education for students
Clay Rutledge is an author and
psychological scientist whose work
focuses on the need for meaning in life
he's in Fargo North Dakota and in Miami
we have Desiree stage she is a suicide
prevention activist and the founder of
live through this that's an organization
that encourages people to tell their
stories of hope recovery after a suicide
attempt hello everybody it's good to
have you here trying to be as practical
as we can with this conversation Desiree
I'm starting with the Twitter banner for
lived through this phases people stories
tell me what does this banner represent
this banner is actually a representation
of portraits I made for the live through
this project I lived through this is a
series of portraits and true stories of
suicide attempt survivors across the
United States I have um over the past
years of eight years I've interviewed
185 people so that banner is actually
several of the people I've interviewed
but a small portion the reason I asked
you about this was because 45,000 people
died by suicide it's really hard to
imagine who they are why they would do
this from your interview and did you
understand I get a clearer idea of what
this statistic meant in terms of
humanity yeah you know I think what what
suicide really boils down to is is
isolation and hopelessness or despair
there and I really see that so in in all
of these interviews that I've done there
are the stories are very complex they're
very different but they all have that in
common that there was a sense of
disparate a sense of isolation they
didn't know how to reach out or they
didn't they just didn't feel like people
were there from that for them and
whether that was true or not you know as
someone who has been suicidal myself
it's very hard to feel that when when
you're when you're having a suicidal
crisis Joey and I would say and
following up from Desiree that we we've
learned from the CDC data and certainly
from people I'm sure the Desiree has
interviewed that not everyone is
struggling with a mental illness
sometimes a struggle is situational its
lack of a job a breakup of a
relationship you know a personal
struggle where you're isolated and I've
often thought that a universal risk
factor is isolation whether it's
spiritual emotional psychological or
physical and a universal protective
factor is connection whether it's
spiritual emotional physical or emotion
or or psychological we have to make sure
that we don't let people struggle in
silence hear their stories so that we
can create you know avenues to help them
connect and we all have a role in
helping them connect if they're in our
sphere I'm so glad that you said that
because I actually want to share a
couple of stories circulating on Twitter
this first one is from tarik a Duke who
says I lost my brother to suicide it
happened a few days ago over the last
several days I've been learning a lot of
hard lessons and I feel an urge to share
it even if it's just screaming into the
internet void he goes on to say when
someone says they're all right it
doesn't mean that that is true I guess
we all know that but we think our
friends and family are surely all right
I wish I knew if there was a way to tell
because we couldn't tell Alice didn't
when I read a story like this and and I
think the only thing that I can say for
certain see is that it's not just the
internet void because now we're
broadcasting that around the world but
talk to us about the feelings going on
in your head when you hear a story like
this well firstly they're really
personal I got into this work because I
too lost my brother to suicide and he
also seemed so well and he was high
performing at his school and started
struggling with his mental health and
ultimately took his life
about a year and a half after us first
learning of his struggles but four and a
half years after he started experiencing
them and there was so much time that he
experienced this law
and this pain and this isolation that
both Desiree and Jerry have spoken to
that succumb and and overwhelmed him to
the point that by the time he sought
hope for him/her sought help excuse me
for him it was too late and he had lost
hope but then we also see that this this
internet screaming or the screaming from
within your community or in your family
it makes such a difference and from my
brother's loss I started Active Minds
and Active Minds is now a nationally
renowned organization that is focused on
empowering young adults especially to
speak openly about mental health and to
change the conversation about mental
health in America and we find that when
people share their stories and when
people are able to share their
experiences it impacts all of us because
we all have a story to tell and share
and yet we all feel alone and so I give
so much credit to this individual who
wants to share what he would he or she
has learned and similarly all everybody
who is opening up about their
experiences because it's truly changing
the way the u.s. is thinking and talking
about mental health and creating a more
supportive environment for people to
reach out for the help that they need
clay I want to share something that you
wrote not too long ago
it's suicides have increased is this an
existential crisis and you answer that
question as you pose that question how
does this fit into this rise in number
of suicide deaths in the United States
this question that you're posing to
Americans to us yeah so I think all the
themes that have been mentioned so far
are perfectly you know tap into this
issue of meaning that I've been studying
for the last 15 years and so humans are
you know a unique species in that we're
not just thinking about survival you
know day to day survival we're trying to
find lives that matter we were able to
reflect on ourselves and to think about
big questions and issues why we're here
what we're supposed to do and we know
from research research I've done
research lots of other people have done
that as was pointed out and submitted by
some of the previous guests that people
really need to feel connected and not
isolated and
just isn't feeling connected it's the
sense that you matter that you have an
important role play in your social world
and so I think one of the things we
often neglect it's easy to say oh we
just want to you know we want to be nice
to people we want to show everyone that
you know we're there for each other but
that isn't always the high quality
connection that people need to feel like
they have intrinsic value that they're
important and that they have a life of
meaning clay I hear what you're saying I
think some of our community members are
wondering how this differs in urban
communities versus more rural run we we
actually got a video comment from Matt
Purdue he's the government relations
representative for the National Farmers
Union and this is what he told the
stream net farm income is drop over 50%
in the last five years and that
financial stress is really giving rise
to an increase in mental stress among
the agricultural community which already
has a pretty significant predisposition
to high suicide rates this is all
compact compounded by the fact that
there are very few services available in
rural areas 60 percent of rural
Americans live in an area that has a
mental health professional shortage and
all of the nonprofits and hot lines out
there that serve farmers and ranchers
are heavily under resourced to meet
skyrocketing demand so we've been
working on is really improving awareness
around this issue but also providing for
more resources to our rural areas Jerry
can you take that out yeah I really
appreciate you saying that I really
think that a lot of people who die by
suicide they don't want to die by
suicide they want to end their pain and
if you're a farmer in rural America and
you see your income drop dramatically
for whatever reason if you're a single
mom in Philadelphia and your benefits
start to diminish your your health care
for you and your children go away or if
you're living in rural America and the
mine the mill the plant the generational
job that was always part of your
family's future is all the sudden gone
you have you have a real crisis about
how will you provide for the people who
care for you and who depend upon you for
that and sometimes you know they suffer
in silence because we don't share
with each other that these are realities
that many of us go through and you don't
have to suffer in silence let's talk to
each other and let's help you connect to
a service that may be able to help you
through a crisis or connect you to a
group that could have gone through the
same thing you got through and teach you
how they got through it but we just
can't always write it off to a mental
illness we've also got to think about
how can we be there for those
individuals whether it be through
support groups whether it be through
resources or or other kinds of
assistance that are available decimate
that was a very vigorous headshake there
go ahead yeah I just I really agree with
that I think lack of access is a huge
problem and it's not only is is lack of
access huge problem but when you're when
you're in a suicidal crisis and you are
given the task of looking for help
you've got if you have insurance if
you're lucky enough to have insurance
that that covers mental health care
you've got to navigate a very opaque
insurance website then you've got to
call people and you know ask them if
they're taking new clients and then do
kind of a quick consult to see if
they're a good fit for you
oftentimes they don't take insurance or
they can't take insurance because
insurance panels aren't accepting a lot
of therapists and then you're faced with
out-of-pocket costs that are
astronomical maybe your insurance will
reimburse or maybe not but that could
take months and and when you're when
you're you're kind of broken and when
this is hard for you to begin with
that's just it's so many hurdles you
have to go through in order to just get
help to get out of a crisis
it's it's really difficult okay I
realize I'm asking a simple question - a
complex answer I'm gonna throw it out
there and maybe you can help me unpack
it so there is this trend of more
suicide deaths in the United States
what's behind the trend or what do you
feel is perhaps the most significant
thing behind the trend
well that is that is a complex answer I
mean I think so from my perspective or
the type of research I do you know I'm
into I'm interested in what you knew you
might some people might call
psychological resilience you know what
is it that makes us resilient against
the stressors or the you know
situational challenges that might push
people towards suicidal thoughts or
intentions and all the things that are
under threat what it's financial
security is pointed out and this is just
money we've done some research showing
that it's that perception that you're
going to have a stable financial future
that's in decline religion is in decline
and you know there's pros and cons
associated with that perhaps but for
many people for a long time
religiousness provided that intrinsic
value that you matter that you know no
matter what happens in your life you're
a person of value relationships are
social attachments you're in decline I
think that according to Pew Research
only 16% of Americans feel strongly
attached to their communities and that's
the case in both rural and urban America
and in kind of all institutions whether
it's our government the media our
financial system are all are all under
threat right now and so people's world
feel pretty unpredictable and they feel
alienated and isolated can I offer a
flip side too because I think all of
that is so right and I also think that
we're seeing a lot of reasons to hope
there are a lot of people speaking out
about their experiences there are a lot
of advocates that are using their
professional knowledge their personal
history whatever it may be to try to
change this for each other in a way that
I haven't seen in the 15 plus years that
I've been doing this work and it's
really I really feel as though we are
going to continue to improve on this
trend we see everything from students
organizing college campuses organizing
on college campuses and high school
campuses and data that's proving that it
is creating a more positive culture at
their school and encouraging people to
reach out for help we're seeing the
voices of Sue
attempt survivors getting louder and
louder and providing an opportunity for
all of us to better understand what it
means for somebody to feel that
loneliness to a point where they they
just want it to end as Jerry said they
may not want to die by suicide they just
want the pain to end and everything in
between and I think we have we have a
far way to go and there are a lot of
social factors that are contributing to
the rise that we're seeing in this data
and I also think that we are we're doing
our part and we have more more work to
do in order to be able to continue to
decrease it and I think I really see a
lot of hope in that and I think it's
something that's really important for us
to keep an eye on I wanted to share some
perspectives because of course this is
an international show even though we're
talking about the u.s. people from
around the world are watching this is
Amanda who says I don't know about the
US but here in the UK there is no
funding in my area for therapy and so
people like me have to rely on charity
societies she wrote that on YouTube
watching live another person on Twitter
outside of the US says I'm surprised
that the US suicide rates are increasing
the numbers are discouraging considering
it's a wealthy nation with resources and
good living conditions and I'll follow
that up with this one from Benjamin who
says the reason in his in his eyes in
today's competitive world the need to
perform and be successful people feel
incredible pressures on their mind and
their health and when things go wrong or
the dream doesn't materialize there's
such a feeling of loss in an adequacy
but sadly suicide is often seen as a way
out Desiree do you want to take those on
he seems to give a reason in his mind
but others are surprised that this is
happening yeah in interviewing all the
people I've interviewed one of the
things that strikes me is that sometimes
people say you know I had a perfectly
normal upbringing I have a perfectly
happy life I don't know why I feel
hopeless I don't know why it hurts so
much that I wanted to end my life but
that is the case so sure in in some
cases I'm sure that it has to do with
pressure but I don't think that you can
generalize anyone's story you can't you
can't boil it down so
easily suicide is very complex that's
why I was so pleased to hear that the
CDC was saying look maybe this is less
of a mental health issue and more of a
public health issue I think that gives
us a lot of latitude to start really
looking at this more broadly I also want
to channel Alison's positivity via the
Action Alliance Jerry there's a on your
website there's a line that stood out to
me it's in bold so that's probably why
it stood out but suicide is a serious
and preventable public health problem
after all that we've said preventable
right what progress have you seen
because you've been in this this field
for two decades I have I've been in the
field for twenty years when I first
started suicide was not discussed as a
national public health problem at all in
the United States Congress since then
resolutions have been introduced that
called suicide a national problem and
call problem and called for the
development of a national strategy we
now have that there was no investment in
suicide prevention so we had no grants
we had nothing to help a community what
people say to you when you started
saying we need to be educated about this
twenty years ago what would they say we
would say let's get going and so I
happen to work for a senator who
introduced a resolution and the rest is
kind of history we now have a state
suicide prevention plan in every state
we now have a federal grant that funds
youth suicide prevention and early
intervention we have now one phone
number of the United States that no
matter where you are you just need to
call 1-573-896-1000 that are a cancer if
you don't invest in suicide prevention
solutions we're not going to solve
suicide prevention solutions and the
investment
by the federal government while I'm
grateful for what we've seen its
woefully inadequate for the confer the
burden that suicide represents it's now
the tenth leading cause of death in
America and we have to really make sure
we invest in creative solutions both
mental health and non mental health to
reach those in struttin crisis and to
Desiree my dear friend I would say
listen to those who've been there listen
to those who've walked the walk have
them share with us what we could have
done better and then incorporate those
recommendations into the work we do see
all the rest nodding there as you were
saying that I want to share one more
story this is Morgan on Twitter who says
three years ago tonight I found my
husband of 29 years he died by suicide I
wasn't going to post anything but
suicide needs to be talked about
talking about suicide may save someone's
life and she included heartbreaking
picture their their wedding day but that
said Allison we also found this on
Twitter this is from Lydia who said I've
seen countless suicide hotlines posted
in tributes to Anthony Bourdain and that
is the chef who died by suicide not too
long ago obviously well-meaning gestures
and I'm grateful for their existence but
most of us depressives would never make
that call more effective to watch for
signs of suicidal ideation and prevent
isolation what do you think about the
issue she's raising here yeah I think
you know I was thinking about this
earlier as well we could have all the
resources in the world and all the
professional help in the world but if
people don't feel comfortable reaching
out for that help don't quite understand
what they're going through or what
friends or family are going through it's
not going to do any good and so we need
to continue to build a culture in a
society where we talk openly about
mental health issues both when we're on
crisis and not where we seek help we
talk to doctors we talk to professionals
when we're just struggling we go to the
doctor to be diagnosed with strip and
and help have the doctor help us
understand what we're going through we
should have every right and feel
comfortable doing so with our mental
health struggles as well whether it's a
therapist istic islet psychiatrist
psychologist counselor you name it
and so I think there is there's a lot to
be said for a need for to be reaching
out to the
around us to be there free for them and
let them know that we care for them and
with the signs and the symptoms are of
different struggles but also to realize
that you don't need to know all of the
answers and you also don't need to wait
until there is a crisis in front of you
to talk to somebody about your struggles
and similarly if you are somebody who
has struggled in the past and and you're
living you're living your life now and
you can be open about what you've
experienced in the past it will help
folks around you who may not have
experienced this before or maybe
experiencing at this very time know that
they're not alone know that it's okay to
reach out for help it's okay to accept
help when when you're it's given to you
and we can be a don't be a more caring
and supportive Society to each other
because folks really do care for each
other we just need to get the right
language and the right tools in order to
be able to make that that outreach some
of the tools that are out that Oh dad's
right go ahead I was just gonna say you
know the the truth is that that training
in in suicide prevention and suicide
crisis management among professionals is
woefully inadequate and that's something
that again that government funding could
help us with but I think it also gives
us a really unique opportunity to really
work with educating the public and
getting them to talk about it to learn
the warning signs to create that
community and and also the we give a lot
of flack to the internet you know we say
social media is bad being being on the
internet so much creates isolation but
even for people who might not want to
use those resources those those call
lines I would never call either just
because I hate the phone but that's why
we have crisis text line
I love crisis text line but but my point
is the Internet is a great place to find
community I've been involved in a lot of
really wonderful communities over the
years that even though they're not
necessarily suicide related they're
extremely supportive and I've found that
you can you can always find your people
on the internet if you really look all
right we have 45 seconds left this
conversation could go on we could do a
show every day
jerry the number the number that people
need to call it in the united states
tell one eight hundred two seven three
talk and please be aware for the year
listeners around the world the
samaritans is a wonderful resource which
is around the world and i would just say
that for the point you made earlier and
the optimism that alice addressed sixty
three percent increase in calls since
mr. Bourdain and mister miss Spade
passed away so people are listening
thank you so much we've been listening
to you guess Allison and Jerry and clay
and Desiree we really appreciate your
input to our conversation today Malika
has it been going on authority ins with
let people know that there's nothing to
be ashamed of and it's okay to ask for
help
conversation continues online see you
next time thanks for watching
you
you
