ever defiant ever boastful president
Donald Trump came to take credit for
13,000 new jobs in Wisconsin they wanted
to do it some place now in the United
States and I immediately thought of the
state of Wisconsin but the president
remains a man under pressure
he's orange Hitler and he should just go
home no one wants him here we're coming
for you you're gonna be gone he's under
fire over the Russia probe with one
former aide in jail and more indicted
over a growing trade war with iconic US
companies like harley-davidson planning
to move operations overseas to avoid new
tariffs and over immigration where even
some of his own supporters object to a
now rescinded policy of separating
children from their undocumented parents
keep the families together keep the
don't separate the family plan for the
most part I think that's a good thing
but he keeps giving his diehard
supporters what they want as he does
here near Milwaukee announcing a new
factory and 13,000 jobs for the
Taiwanese manufacturer Foxconn among his
supporters there is a backlash against
the backlash I love his policies I think
he's doing great things for the country
almost everything I don't like his
rhetoric all the time but I really see
things shaping up for America when Trump
is criticized his supporters are
energized
I think he's doing an excellent job he's
not backing down he's falling through on
what he said he's gonna do and this
doesn't back down from nobody that
support helps explain why many
Republicans like wisconsin Governor
Scott Walker and House Speaker Paul Ryan
are standing by the president Trump's
Republican Party needs all the support
it can get to retain control of Congress
particularly in Midwestern swing states
like Wisconsin which Trump won two years
ago are you gonna vote in November of
course of course
he wants you to vote for Republicans are
you gonna do that the president
supporters are resilient he won the
presidency despite losing the popular
vote and has never had a majority
in poles but polls do show that about
nine and ten Republicans support the
president and they are likely to be
pleased by things like his plans to
appoint a new conservative Supreme Court
justice and the trade war doesn't derail
the economy like this one we're open for
business
made in the USA it's all happening and
it's happening very very quickly we've
created 3.4 million jobs since the
election including over 300,000
manufacturing jobs despite his troubles
the president is taking advantage of any
chance to show he's bringing jobs home
especially two key voting battleground
states like this one john Hendren al
Jazeera Mount Pleasant Wisconsin
