Prime Minister Prayuth chan-ocha was on
a trip to Europe when the 12 boys and
their football coach went missing but on
Friday he was back in Thailand and at
the cave meeting the search teams
there's now a crowded mini village of
rescue organizations and command centers
well I think we will succeed we will
succeed because we have faith everyone
should keep their heads cool advising
one another helping one another and
talking to one another about things that
are helpful with more personnel and
equipment arriving every day there's
growing concerns there are too many
people involved reducing the efficiency
of the rescue efforts
the Prime Minister also met the families
of some of those missing many of whom
have been camped out near the cave
entrance since Saturday camron kale runs
a shop in a nearby village where the
boys football pitch is located she might
have been one of the last people to see
them before they entered the cave I
cried when I heard about the boys from
my shop I saw them practicing on
Saturday they came over and bought
snacks water and soft drinks when I
asked why so much they said they were
off to the cave this is the road that
leads up to the mouth of the cave and
the hive of search and rescue operations
now for the first time in days the
generators are running and the pups are
working the search also continues in the
hills and jungle above the cave complex
fissures and chimneys or downward
tunnels are being explored and surveyed
workers looking for any way to get into
the cave beyond the flooded sections to
look for the boys or any sign or clue of
where they might be
with water again draining from the large
mouth of the cave there's hope that the
divers can again continue with their
push farther into the dark and muddy
labyrinths Scott hilar al Jazeera Chiang
Rai
