a bloodbath in the southwestern Syrian
rebel stronghold of dela Russian and
Syrian government jets and helicopters
hit an estimated hundred targets on
Thursday dozens of civilians were killed
in the 24-hour barrage of barrel bombs
and rocket fire the UN says tens of
thousands of newly displaced people have
fled Dada to Syria's borders with the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights and
Jordan appeal goes to Jordan one of the
most generous recipients of refugees on
earth that they keep border open for
people fleeing South there is no there
is no no other place to go
but Jordan says its border with Syria
will remain closed the kingdom already
has 650,000 registered Syrian refugees
the UN says the fighting has also cut
off vital cross-border relief and aid
supply routes it's asking the warring
parties to stop fighting immediately the
UN the US UK and France have condemned
Russia's role in the offensive a year
ago the US Russia and regional powers
had agreed
dennah was one of the so-called
de-escalation zones of humanitarian
access the Astana Agreement designated
DET Ã¤r and three other regions as places
that would be free of hostilities
between rebel groups and forces fighting
on behalf of Bashar al-assad's
government badeah 10 min Bedell Hamel
Alaska this unprecedented air campaign
by the Russian Jets adopting the
scorched earth strategy is in gross
violation of the de-escalation agreement
but Russia's ambassador to the United
Nations says Moscow will no longer
appalled the de-escalation zone saying
it was among the last strongholds of al
Qaeda Syrian branch and ISIL we urge the
the again the Russians the Americans and
the Jordanians were able to - to do it
last July they can do it again today
they have all influence in this in this
area there is nothing inevitable about
this this escalation of
fighting for Assad taking the rebel
stronghold of down especially important
after all this is where the uprisings
against his rule began seven years ago
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
