trap the key figure in all of this
according to the emails the website
Middle East I says it obtained is Tom
Barack a prominent and influential
businessman he's an old friend of Donald
Trump's and raised huge sums of money
for his election campaign he was
allegedly exchanging emails with Youssef
Alberta but the United Arab Emirates
ambassador to Washington it's claimed
the Ambassador managed to change the
Republican party platform at its
Cleveland convention the first draft had
a call to released 28 pages of
classified documents from the 9/11
inquiry which were potentially
embarrassing to Saudi Arabia a close UAE
ally that was removed after Donald
Trump's surprise election victory in
November 2016 it's alleged ambassador a
Thai Baht pushed for insights on who
would be moved into key diplomatic
intelligence and defense positions in
the new administration it was his
intention to brief his bosses including
the Emirati Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Zayed but then he also partly offered
his own suggestions Middle East I says
in one email he wrote to Tom Barack
about george w bush's former homeland
security adviser Fran Townsend I saw her
last night and immediately thought she
would be huge asset to you she would
make a perfect Director of National
Intelligence or DHS secretary she would
hit the ground running on every issue
tones and in fact made the shortlist for
a key intelligence position she was
considered as a possible f5 in James
Comey was fired middle east I suggest
the email exchange may be of interest to
the ongoing Millard inquiry into
potential Russian interference into the
2016 presidential election and links to
the Trump campaign he's looking for not
just contact but for flows of money
because what he's basically
investigating is whether any foreign
pound he started with Russia but he's
now continuing with United Arab Emirates
and Saudi Arabia whether any foreign
government actively contributed
financially to Trump's election campaign
and that would be illegal under US law
it's claimed crown prince bin zayed
canceled a planned trip to washington
last
month in case he was caught up in the
inquiry the Crown Prince did meet Donald
Trump at the White House in me last year
tomorrow at 11:30
Tom Barak was interviewed by the Mullen
investigation in December he actually
recommended Paul Manafort as Trump's
campaign manager minor Ford now faces
several charges arising out of that
Mullen investigation Alan Fisher al
Jazeera Washington
