president Donald Trump is delivering his
most serious threat yet to Saudi Arabia
we're going to get to the bottom of it
and there will be severe punishment the
president strengthened stance follows
Turkish intelligence reports that
Washington Post journalist Jamal
khashoggi was murdered by a Saudi
Arabian hit squad inside the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul leaks two
pro-government Turkish media suggest the
killing was recorded on his Apple watch
the technology experts have cast doubt
that the devices Bluetooth technology
was capable of recording to a phone his
fiance held outside the consulate
I wouldn't say unbelievable there's a
few technical challenges a few potential
issues with this narrative it's not
immediately consistent with the story
and what we know of the details so
questions remain about just how the
Turkish authorities obtained the
evidence they say they have to prove
kesaji was murdered when it comes to
getting tough on Saudi Arabia president
Trump is talking the talk but it's not
quite clear what he'll do to follow up
he is already all but ruled out what is
perhaps his most effective weapon arms
sales to Saudi Arabia Trump's first trip
outside the United States was to see
King Salman in Saudi Arabia where they
agreed to weapons contracts well there
are many other things we could do but
when we take away a hundred and ten
million dollars of purchases from our
country that hurts our workers that
hurts our factories that hurts all of
our companies you know you talking about
five hundred thousand jobs so we do that
we're really hurting our country a lot
more than were hurting Saudi Arabia but
members of trumps own Republican Party
have joined Democratic politicians in
calling for stronger action well he's
under a lot of pressure now from the
Congress to actually impose sanctions on
Saudi government officials who might
have been implicated in this problem in
an opinion piece in The New York Times
Shoji's fiance wrote Jamal spoke up
against oppression but he paid for the
Saudi people's demand for freedom with
his own life if he is dead and I hope
that is not the case
thousands of Jamal's will be born today
on his birthday his voice and his ideas
will reverb
from Turkey to Saudi Arabia and across
the world
oppression never lasts forever tyrants
eventually pay for their sins in
Istanbul in Riyadh and in Washington
what happens next likely depends on what
the investigations find and whether
turkey releases the evidence it says it
has John hendren al Jazeera Washington
