this is what remains of a section of one
of Nairobi's largest markets more than
200 traders shared this space mostly
selling timber furniture and clothes the
fire started early morning when the
market was closed people living nearby
were asleep many including children were
overcome by smoke and fumes and
suffocated others were rushed to
hospital
Simone dongho was at home when he had
the market was on fire he had a business
here and lost most of his stock I was
called at around 2 a.m. and told there's
a fire I rushed here I still have my
pajamas on when I got here all my timber
was on fire it was worth about ten
thousand dollars but Ali afternoon
investigators were still collecting
evidence to find out what started the
fire and rescue workers were cutting
open shop doors to make sure no one had
been trapped inside all the people who
died of suffocation lived in these
buildings many others are still in
hospital some residents and traders we
spoke to said that the fire was caused
by an electrical fault but police are
still investigating this may be the
worst tragedy engi combi market in
recent years but it's certainly not the
first there have been at least seven
serious incidents in the last seven
years
some are blamed on arson because of
business rivalry but most are say to be
accidental I can't say what the problem
is but the market is too congested and
narrow it makes it difficult to contain
fires we also sell highly flammable
goods like mattresses timber and clothes
so fire spreads very quickly we need at
least a water hydrant here
it's a busy market with tens of
thousands of people trade every day so
as those who lost friends and family in
the fire and property ponder their next
move just a block away it's business as
usual
Catherine saw a al-jazeera Nairobi
