it's a scene that's become all too
common in the United States
demonstrators pour into the streets to
vent their outrage of our police
officers killing of an unarmed black man
but in this case the calls for justice
have resulted in criminal homicide
charges against a 30-year old East
Pittsburgh police officer it was Michael
Ross Feld's first day on the job with
the East Pittsburgh Police Department
when he shot an unarmed 17-year old it's
an intentional act and it's done
recklessly and there is no justification
for it
the district attorney said there was no
evidence the officers life was
threatened cell phone footage from the
scene showed Antoine Rose was running
away when the officer fired on him why
are they suited not home the fatal
bullet hitting him in the back the
officers lawyer says he acted reasonably
given Rose had been in a car that was
used in a drive-by shooting earlier that
day another passenger in the car has
been charged for that crime
but Rosa's family said that was no
excuse for officer Ross Feld's actions
he was a passenger in a car he found
himself in the wrong place at the wrong
time and in no way justified his murder
the charges are exactly what protesters
have been demanding the case still has a
long way to go to get the conviction
they say Antoine Rose deserves Kristin
salumi al-jazeera
