it was the warmest of welcomes for John
Bolton the national security advisor for
US president Donald Trump is greeter
President Vladimir Putin blush prettiest
must cool your visit to Moscow gives us
hope that we can at least make the first
steps towards restoring full formal
relations between our states Bolton
built his political career criticizing
the Russian government but on this trip
Bolton suggested better days were in
fact ahead even in earlier days when
when our countries had differences our
leaders and their advisors met and I
think that was good for both countries
good for stability in the world and
President front feels very strongly on
that subject
Trump has long wanted closer ties with
Putin even in the face of allegations
Moscow was trying to throw the 2016
election trump's way and that trumps
campaign knew about it all the time they
liked to tie me in to Russia and they
say such bad things about Putin and then
they're supposed to negotiate with Putin
why would he do this in the middle of
the Moller investigation Trump's aides
told him not to say too much after Putin
wand reelection in March he ignored them
and congratulated him on the victory his
electoral victory and even though Russia
was kicked out of the g8 for annexing
Crimea in 2014 Trump recently said it
was time to reverse course Russia should
be in the meeting you know what do you
like it or not even so the two countries
are still at odds after a former Russian
spy and his daughter were poisoned in
the UK in March
Washington expelled 60 Russian diplomats
Moscow responded in kind the u.s.
criticizes Russia for violating the
rights of political activists and
journalists and it says Moscow should be
stopping Bashar al-assad's attacks on
Syrian civilians
however the US Secretary of State told
Congress on Wednesday ignoring Moscow is
not an option we have been harder on
Russia in this administration than
has been the case in many previous
administration the president is looking
forward to an opportunity to find those
handful of places where we can have
productive conversations that lead to
improvements for each of our two
countries political observers in both
Russia and the u.s. doubt the upcoming
summit will be anything more than
theater but that may be all the two
leaders want and need rosiland Jordan
al-jazeera Washington
