more than 48 hours of meetings behind
closed doors and finally South Sudan's
President Salva Kiir and opposition
leader Rick mature reached a deal to end
more than four years of civil war don't
hesitate if up this agreement is the
beginning for the return of peace and
stability in South Sudan from now on all
guns will fall silent and there will be
a permanent ceasefire the agreement was
brokered by the president of neighboring
Sudan and includes a ceasefire by
Saturday the forming of a transitional
government within four months and the
release of all political prisoners the
civil war started in 2013 less than
three years after South Sudan gained
independence from Sudan Salva Kiir
accused his former vice president Riek
Machar
of attempting a coup tens of thousands
have been killed and a third of the
country's 12 million population
displaced creating the world's third
largest refugee crisis the war has been
marred by ethnic killings and sexual
violence it's left more than 7 million
people relying on aid the opposition
leader says the deal is a new start for
the country first the war should come to
an end by this declaration of ceasefire
I believe our people in South Sudan
would be the most happiest secondly this
agreement to me is a start of a new
phase it's not the first agreement to be
signed during the world at least nine
have been signed in the past only to be
broken sometimes within 24 hours South
Sudan's president says this time he is
committed I'm committed to respect the
whole document that I have signed and
we'll abide by the old agreements that
will follow
agreements that if they last would mean
an end to the war and maybe the
beginning of reconciliation in the world
can destination people Magan al-jazeera
