I am for me okay and join the stream
Jose Andres is a James Beard
award-winning chef a michelin-starred
restaurant tour and now a New York Times
best selling author
I'm Malika Bilal and today chef Andres
joins us to discuss his new book about
providing meals and disaster relief to
Puerto Rico and beyond I have a question
for him leave it in the YouTube chat and
we'll get them into the conversation my
name is Sonya Valentine I am a kree
filmmaker and writer from northern
Manitoba and you are in the street
Jose Andres didn't want to just give
food to people recovering from the
impact of Hurricane Maria he wanted to
give the best food in his new book we
fed an island the true story of
rebuilding Puerto Rico one meal at a
time he recounts the struggle of trying
to provide aid to a u.s. territory
ravaged by a hurricane and entangled in
bureaucratic red tape
Andres founded the world central kitchen
in 2010 after an earthquake rocked Haiti
using his contacts to secure resources
for the devastated nation but in Puerto
Rico he found himself frequently at odds
with some US government institutions
that to him seemed more concerned with
playing politics than helping the
islands more than 3 million residents
the stream is delighted to have in the
studio chef Jose Andres chef welcome
thank you for having me I have seen you
in action so many times on video and
stills and when you look the happiest
most of ease is when you are feeding
people and particularly little people so
I have a little person here on my laptop
screen this is you in Puerto Rico and
the little kids are loving what they're
eating
thumbs up what is it that food does that
nothing else can do in in a situation
like that a disaster chef like me we
love to feed the few but I believe we
even love more to feed the many and I
think was a French philosopher
brillat-savarin then in 1826 said tell
me what you eat and I will tell you who
you are
food is an extension of who we are of
our DNA where we come from
the people that had an influence in our
lives our grandmother our father we we
are food and I don't think anybody is
any happier than in a table with people
you love or totally strangers sharing a
humble plate of food I think that is
what people respect in UI this is just
one of them mrs. Claude who writes on
Twitter I respect chef Andres in so many
ways first of all for what he's done in
the culinary world
more importantly what he does in feeding
the need
as a chef myself were driven by the love
of feeding people so I admire his
passion for helping others at their most
vulnerable time I want to use that tweet
though to talk about why you got into
this industry in the first place well
for business a thing for me was a
natural my father my mother
they always cook at home because
necessity they were I grew up in a
middle-class family but it's not like we
will go to a restaurant every day not at
all going to a restaurant was really a
special occasion going to the market
every day and buying the bread the fish
or the vegetables was what we did so
cooking at home for me was great so
watching my mom and my dad really had
this influence in me and my brothers but
I think many people know only in Spain
but anywhere around the world he's
watching our family members feeling as
when we're children it's probably some
of the best memories we bring with us
when we leave home so I think he owned
that to my father to my mother the many
times that even they were working hard
they will always make sure that we had a
great plate of food for breakfast lunch
and dinner when you talk about cooking
there's a whole different level of
cooking that you now have have a kid you
have 30 restaurants you've had a couple
of TV series you have a New York Times
best selling book right here how did you
get from loving your parents cooking to
the chef that you are today where people
respect you we're not even talking about
the activism yet and the humanitarian
work that you're doing but just a
first-class chef right thing I used one
plate at the time my father always put
me cooking when I was young but not
cooking itself but making the fire
gathering the wood in the forest helping
him make the fire he will cook a very
big paella the traditional rice dish
from his pain when they got upset
because I wanted to do the cooking my
father sent me away say no I need you to
do the fire I don't want to go away
leave me alone when we finish I'll talk
to you when everybody ate the pie
without my help my father got me on the
side I probably was 14th and told me my
son I know you
to do the cooking but actually you were
doing the most important thing which was
controlling the fire making the fire
once you are able to control the fire
and learn your fire then you can do any
cooking you want this is something you
can use obviously for cooking but also
you can bring these to real life we all
need to learn our fire control it and
then we can do any cooking we want I
think that lesson that my father somehow
told me over the years served me well I
think I've been always trying to to
understand my fire so I could do many
things that go beyond white on paper at
cook is supposed to do you know one of
my favorite things about this show so
far we're only a few minutes in is that
we are hearing from people who are
inspired by our work but also people who
have worked with you I didn't are still
inspired which I think says a lot about
a person so I want to play a video
comment we got from Owen Thompson he's
the owner of a bar here in Washington DC
and he heard somebody said about working
with chef Andres I like so many people
in the DC restaurant business had the
pleasure of working for Jose I was his
beverage director for a few years and
you know it really shaped the way that I
look at running my own restaurant now
you know the the care that they put into
every little piece and decision and and
all the factors that can be involved
I've really greatly enjoyed watching him
take his passion out into the world and
and do things for you know humanitarian
relief you know foray into politics all
this stuff and it's just it's just great
to see that at that level of passion he
has just being used in all these
different ways so high praise there you
look uncomfortable with the praise but I
like I like the fact that he says you
you've not only taken the passion in the
kitchen and and and and inspired of
clearly the people you work with but
you've taken it outside the kitchen what
I didn't know was going to be such a
personality right I know people coming I
love I love for one he's the reason
I have the restrooms I have many men and
woman at him over the years we are only
as good as the people we have around us
if we feel we are I the person we're in
the wrong business
knowing cooking in any business in life
with the people is what I love really
about America and the world believe him
with the people we're always a stronger
the only thing no one didn't learn from
me is that he says work for me he never
worked for me he were with me I were
with him we'll work with each other we
are only going to be better if we
believe in that simple connection so you
know I love that he helped me I hope I
gave him a way to keep moving forward
and I love that now many of them live
and they become their their captains in
their own business and that's what life
should be all about
chef's I wanted to take our audience
back to last year when Hurricane Maria
went through Puerto Rico and you got on
a plane and went to help everybody else
was trying to get off the island you
were trying to get on the island and
this is four days after you got there
this is what you were doing have a look
at this video everybody back there we
have the buyers let me show you here's
the tracks come to pick up the food that
we deliver to the different
rice with chicken chef Manolo one of the
the legendary chefs here in the island
really doing food with whatever we have
and then we have these amazing food
operations that is the food truck for
days in you turn up I'm like you didn't
even have a satellite phone you had very
little and you know what you are doing
how is it that a chef who runs 30 odd
restaurants gets on the ground in a
hurricane situation and knows what
they're doing
explain you know I'm 49 year old already
I've been in few hurricanes before but
always doing what everybody does trying
to to do your part to help others in my
case I'm a cook
trying to feed people so I've been
through different hurricanes before and
I always went with the idea of learning
and in the process feeding people but I
guess that learning she pay off and when
I write for a RICO really the problem
was massive
we're not only talking about a beach
town or city we're talking about the
entire island the during 18th hours was
damaged by very big hurricane Maria so
we saw the problem was big we saw the
hospital's had no food nurses doctors we
began getting phone calls from many of
them so we began responding to their to
their phone calls why was no restaurants
there's no booze no no no no food
delivery was no money was no self
cellphone you couldn't connect to the
internet and the problem lead-ins him
that was going to end any time soon so
he's waiting and cooking to respond to
those calls of aid for water for food
what I didn't know that though this was
only the beginning of a very big
adventure we went from 20 friends that
we met in cousin
my friend but also the name of a
restaurant I love in the heart of
someone we did thousand meals that
Thursday and Monday
whatever host Enrique had in the
refrigerator and other restaurants that
kind of gave us what they had in their
freezer before everything went went bad
and from 20 people we entered in an army
of 25,000 amazing woman and man Puerto
Rican we went from one restaurant to at
one point 18th restaurants functioning
at the same time 18th kitchens all
across the island we open a total of 26
we had 10 food trucks
we went from thousand meals the first
day to more than 3.7 million in matter
of weeks and we didn't do it alone I
didn't do it alone we got a lot of help
from a lot of great people not only the
amazing men and women of Puerto Rico
many of them children but military
helpers because they were seeing what we
were doing so Humvees from the army
helicopters from private companies like
Goya or the Air Force or boats from the
Navy or National Guard that they will
volunteer in some of our kitchens at the
end what happens is when you have a
problem and he's very big you can do two
things you're gonna start planning and
keep planning until you think you're
ready or you can start cooking they
start covering the immediate needs in an
emergency and in the process somehow the
plan writes itself that's what we did a
very big problem we kind of resolved it
by one meal at the time that ended been
more than 3.7 million miles it's
incredible and it is detailed in this
book we fed an island that our community
here is talking about Jennifer Rodriguez
on Twitter says we've had an island is
an incredible story of persistence and
love on the part of Chef Andreas what
stood out to me were the numerous
roadblocks real and metaphorical that he
refused to accept so my question what
roadblocks does he continue to encounter
and it's funny that she puts it lightly
but you
name names and you call out the
inefficiencies in this book all over the
place we call in efficiencies we call
people out and we call organizations but
they really try to do it with the most
respect but the truth is that if you are
organization government nonprofit that
your role is to respond on an emergency
this happens in America can happen in
any other country around the world what
you need to be making sure is that those
organizations that we all support or
their to fulfill what they claim if you
have any use that they are requesting
for our our donations
that's very okay we will support you but
when there is time to respond cannot be
excuse of why we are not there to help
the people the same with government
agencies if they are there to give
support to their citizens cannot be
excused or why doesn't happen so this
has to be very clear in any country no
in America in any country around the
world our governments and the beacon
years should be there to take care of
the people especially in emergencies
you're being diplomatic now that you
weren't quite so diplomatic at the time
so this is you tweeting out to FEMA the
Federal Emergency Management Agency so
whenever there's trouble they go places
in America you you tweet to them at WC
kitchen the organization has a great
operation producing hot meals and with
local ingredients able to reach 250
thousand a day why don't you support us
you are calling them out on Twitter
around the world because what you wanted
to do they didn't want to do or they
wanted to give you a contractor you had
to bid for and you were thinking I have
to feed people right now they weren't
doing it on your timetable and you felt
you knew better and I can't work out
whether you were a troublemaker or the
person coming to help Puerto Rico it's a
fine line what were you doing it's a
very fine line and I totally if I was
running FEMA I will probably go through
the same thinking process but the issue
at hand was these
one the men and woman the work known in
FEMA had first responders in America and
all around the world to me they're all
heroes it was really they spend long
hours long day's long weeks away from
their families taking care of others but
but if you're an organization that
should be there in an emergency to take
care of people and we're talking about
hungry people and thirsty people you
have to be providing the a now the
emergency is not a week from now a month
from now six months from now when you
have American people hungry or any other
citizen of the world hungry the
emergency is now if you are not
responding now is not good enough I saw
people drinking from dirty streams water
people that got sick and who knows what
else
I saw woman falling down because they
had goods with water to be drinking
people that were gathering roots I'm
boiling them as their only source of
food this is America for Rico in the
21st century so at the end they call it
contract was no horsin dress this was an
NGO called walled central kitchen a
501c3 register with the simple thing of
bringing food solutions we were there
with a solution I didn't even want them
you were tiny so tiny who is this guy
he's a guy innocent but at the same time
I was not talking by the time I was
pushing for this we were already doing
ten twenty thousand meals a day thirty
thousand meals a day at one point we
began almost increasing fifty hundred
$250,000 a day at the end when we talked
about the federal government the federal
government is there to provide aid to
the people and that means in the form of
money for everything
electricity all the many needs that you
have at the end I didn't really wanted
money what I wanted was for them to
endorse the plan and for them to follow
the guidelines of the plan I put in
front of them you know in a map because
there was a good line the plan of the
people right at the end if you have to
be bringing food
from somewhere else but the food is
available in the island why we Don a
star activating the businesses that are
already in their island and in the
process of providing emergency ate you
help the island come back that's what
needs to be happening in the world all
the big organizations in the world they
need to start learning when these
emergencies happen they need to be
helping the people that they are trying
to to bring relief but in the process
they need to start bringing the economy
back creating jobs buying from the local
farmers opening restaurants or bakeries
that's a new form of food aid or relief
in the 21st century in the process of
helping the people make sure that you
are not bringing their economy is down
but empower their economies to prosper
and to be more efficient so when they
move away from the emergency already you
are living the citizens in a very good
situation I want to share a couple of
comments from people who you worked with
to help the people of Puerto Rico this
is Jenny she is an attorney in San Juan
and this is what she told the string as
they arrived to our location he started
assigning tasks to everyone there he
said that he wanted us for weekend's to
own it and we stepped up immediately
process presence import vehicle was
further more than a feeding operation it
was a lesson of love of working
collectively for one purpose what Jose
and his team of volunteers achieved in
so short time inspired many to come
every day and just make it happen we fed
what are we go but she's not the only
one I want to share a couple of tweets
it's from Mario also a chef and for
Dirac though he says your world central
kitchen is still supporting farmers and
they've done an amazing effort on
recovery on small forms everyone thought
he left but not everyone knows he's
still here and he's not leaving and
thanks to him now all my restaurants
have a plan to help out our community in
case of another disaster we're already
95 percent back
to normal was the first woman I
recognized his genie she join us very
early on and she like many other woman
Aaron is rudder who was our self elected
director of operations for the entire
enterprise between her and Gini very
much were the two people that moved the
operation forward Jeanne will be in
charge from anything she knew the island
very well she had a lot of connections
and she will be like the order taker and
she will be the one making sure that we
reach at at times almost 900 delivery
points a day all across the island we
had many woman that their help has
really lead his operation so unique
quite frankly she did an amazing job
she worked probably 24/7 for many days
weeks on the stop and in Parvati and her
kitchen succeeded because she was a hero
like many other people that joined her
and others Mario was one of the many
amazing chefs for Rico to help us
Mario early on help us use with food
from Goya good contacts he had everybody
help in the best way it could some
people cook in some people with
helicopters connections some people with
donations some fresh fruit that people
really were in need of with so many ways
that everybody found always a way to be
part of the team doing what they could
do best and that's what ball central
kitchens on time succeed we're a very
small organization but very quickly like
Armas we were the American National
Guard that when there something happens
they are called to service this is the
same where it's more organization but
when we need people we have an amazing
way that everybody arrives and everybody
is able to contribute with the best they
have to give to us you love Twitter to
do is a tool for you it's all for
information and Facebook and video
you've got it all there if you look on a
chef Jose Andres is a Twitter page
you were actually seen him are you
tweeting in with that phone in your hand
what is going on there you are you are
using social media
you had a fight as you're doing this as
you were feeding with your fellow chefs
with Puerto Ricans you were feeding the
island you're having a you're having a
tiff with the present if I was at real
Donald Trump I would be a puerto rico to
leave no more than two days after
disaster one suggestion if I was at real
Donald Trump I would not attack a leader
that has worked non-stop for her people
more advice about giving gas to bigger
bakeries fully functioning so they
trucks can deliver bread the advice goes
on and on
I would praise the volunteers you are
very vocal you and Donald Trump have a
definitely relationship by the end of
the whole border eco crisis and in the
finally the one is read this book read
this book because this is advice for you
and for NGOs and other organizations I'm
wondering if in here this is a model for
not how food aid could be improved but
all aid or disaster I think in a
different way
well number one I never had a fight with
anybody in my entire life okay but yes
I'm very vocal and I think part of
democracy is that we are all vocal with
respect but boko sure at the times I
wish that the restaurant I was supposed
to open the tram hotel here in
Washington DC I wish I did open it
because maybe I will be closer to him
and maybe I could be asking him in first
person very very briefly because we've
got a minute left you didn't open that
restaurant because because his comments
about immigration migrants and Mexicans
has rabies and all the things but
sometimes a dream I had this the read
more collection because the people of
Puerto Rico were in need of leadership
leadership is 51% empathy and sometimes
only showing up so yes we were failing
no because was Donald Trump the person
but because the government was failing
and if you're the president you are in
charge of the government so who I'm
gonna be asking but the President of the
United States
we felt the people of Puerto Rico I do
believe this book shows ways but the
most important thing stop it stop
meeting you start cooking and that's
sometimes the best plan I want to end
with
comment from David Dutton from North
Carolina where you were the latest storm
here's what he told the stream chef
andreas I just really want to let you
know how much we still think about you
in Pender County North Carolina and all
the things you did for us that day and
those days that after the storm during
those days after you know we were we
were always looking forward to the end
of the day when we know your team was
coming because these things were were
amazing for us these were 5-star meals
and ending on surprise for chef Jose
Andres thank you very much for being
with us on the screen we've really
enjoyed your company thank you very much
you
