of all the industries disrupted up ended
by the internet the news business is
right up there on the list newsrooms
have shrunk many papers have stopped
printing since that ad space is no
longer the valued commodity at once was
responding to the new reality many of
the biggest names in news have started
to sell a new kind of service based on
their ability to connect with readers to
tell stories and it's now available to
corporate clients to burnish their image
it's the kind of content that a reader
might see on that site anyway even
mistake for journalism which is why this
expanding industry is known as native
advertising in their own defense news
executives are stressing the separation
of church the editorial staff and state
the business side whoever some big names
in print have already blurred that
boundary and news consumers are
understandably confused about content
that got its start in business meetings
rather than editorial ones the listening
posts will young now on native
advertising and the new business behind
the news business
the Internet age has not been kind to
newspapers with the digital transition
has come declining circulation shrinking
newsrooms and many papers stopping their
presses permanently fewer copies sold
means advertisers are paying less to
appear in print no prizes for guessing
where they want to be seen instead
Google and Facebook now swallow up
around 80 percent of all advertising
money now in a very sudden in a very
short period of time money which
predominantly went to news publishers or
to publishers in general magazines
newspapers whatever now goes to the
platforms against that background news
publishers started looking for a new way
of sucking advertising back in what they
said to advertisers was why don't you
let us design your ads for you so
there's always been a relationship
between industry companies PR firms ad
agencies and reporters so a lot of times
reporters they kind of get their tips
and leads from companies and PR firms
calling them up saying hey company X is
launching this new product we think it's
great and here's why maybe you should
write about it however native
advertising is very different because a
reporter can hang up on a public
relations call right and he can say no
I'm really not that interested but what
happens when the native advertising
agency exists one floor above you when
both of you work at the same publication
and it's happening all over the world
in-house creative teams consisting of
journalists and marketers working
together to produce so-called
advertorial for brands and corporations
back in 2016 an industry survey found
that of the publishes a question 35
percent considered native advertising to
be very important for their business
last year that figure rose to 50 percent
and leading the way as some of the
biggest names in journalism such as the
New York Times whose T brand studio
produces what they call
one of the early pieces we did that got
quite a bit of acclaim was a seven
chapter interactive data visualization
for Goldman Sachs
and that ran on our site for quite a
while the user comes to the times to get
immersed in to pay great attention to
really high quality storytelling on
topics that matter and I think there's a
benefit to a marketer for just being a
part of that ecosystem natives native an
ad is an ad is an ad is the way I feel
about it
the New York Times should not be in the
business of managing people's opinion of
Goldman Sachs there is no way that I can
take as seriously the New York Times
reporting on goldman sachs knowing that
they have just been on this content
creation journey together native
advertising is just an effort to confuse
readers to think that they're getting
something other than in an ad standard
practice of the New York Times and other
outlets is to label branded content so
readers know when it's been paid for by
a client
however London's large circulation free
newspaper The Evening Standard shows us
where the lines between business and
editorial could be blurred to the point
of erasure back in May an expose by open
democracy revealed that the standard was
offering not just branded content but
money can't buy positive news and
favorable common pieces that would
appear to readers as journalism when the
story broke the standard quietly
postponed the scheme but last year a
likely six-figure deal of standards
struck with Syngenta earned the
agribusiness giant glowing reports
putting them at the heart of the future
of food production no reference to the
controversies that dog the company
enough to mention of sponsorship would
cite the Evening Standard in London
started
presenting to clients suggesting that
they would not only get advertorial
produced for them by evening standard
staff but that this would lead them
getting better news coverage now this
led to real concern amongst Evening
Standard staff because what you're
actually saying is we're going to
hoodwink our audience so that our
audience doesn't realize that you've
paid us and your name will just slip
into the news coverage this really does
blur the line between what is
permissible as advertising as paid for
content and what is not something that
is never to be tampered with is the
utter independence of our newsroom from
the commercial interest of an individual
advertisers we had to create a group of
people that were entirely separate from
the newsroom operation in the New York
Times we would share the storytelling
tools but we would never share the
storytellers to say that there's always
been a sturdy wall between the business
side of an organization and the
editorial newsroom that that hasn't
historically always been true now when
you have these people on the business
side that are former journalists
pitching to real journalists in the
newsroom and they walk into the same
building every day and they both share
the mission of the paper right which
these days is mostly to keep news alive
and to make sure that you're reporting
and you can keep the lights on
in an era of anxiety about the future of
news native advertising is providing
comfort journalists seem to be every bit
as qualified as copywriters and
creatives are generating the kind of
content that corporations love earning
news outlets a share in the revenues
that might otherwise have gone to ad
agencies or PR companies but while
native advertising might keep
journalism's heart pumping some say the
risk is that journalism is selling its
soul advertisers aren't stupid
when they pay money for something they
expect to get something in return
with native advertising your ad seems to
be a little bit more under the aegis of
this respectable news organization if it
didn't work like an ad they wouldn't pay
for it like an ad and that's the
important thing to remember whether it's
called storytelling or content or
co-branding it still represents
journalists making work using criteria
that is something other than
journalistic criteria I think the best
way to maintain healthy independent
journalism is to maintain healthy
business model the readers are seeing
companies that are using the canvas of
The Times article page to tell a story
in the appropriate ways I've described
before creating feature-length
productions for marketers that stand at
the quality level where they can run on
a place like the New York Times for the
growing number of news outlets embracing
native advertising there may be no
turning back and yet its impact on
audiences is still unclear studies find
that consumers often confuse native ads
with editorial content and that when
they discover what they've been reading
is sponsored their reaction is negative
while the debate over the need for
industry regulation rages on watch out
for partnered content paid programs
content that is brought to you by in
association with co-create it with or
hosted by the list goes on
it's really hard for the reader to
understand what just created by me what
does powered by me when you start to
kind of track how these labels have
changed over time what it really tells
you is that they're trying to push
boundaries more and more content that
you're going to see on a news publisher
site is going to be funded by some kind
of brand and I think that long term
we're going to have to deal with the
effect of like what is hard news anymore
