fierce fighting between Houthi rebels
and forces loyalty Emmons president
continues on her data threatening the
lives of some 600,000 people Saudi and
emirati back government forces launched
their offensive to take the important
southern port city two weeks ago on
Tuesday a saudi-led coalition air strike
hit a bus carrying displaced residents
trying to leave the city Houthi media
said at least nine people were killed
and several others including women and
children were injured Human Rights Watch
says it is extremely concerned that
human rights violations and casualties
have multiplied since the saudi-led
coalition intervened in the war three
years ago Human Rights Watch has
documented 87 apparently unlawful
coalition attacks which have killed
nearly 1,000 civilians a thousand deaths
hospitals and clinics at capacity with
thousands more injured and a new report
on the use of child soldiers by both
sides all sensational headlines that
have yet to stop the so called proxy war
between Saudi Arabia and Iran aid groups
worried and all-out assault on her data
may cripple the port and prevent
essential food from reaching nearly 8
million people we were forced to leave
our homes is difficult to be here not
knowing what is next more than a dozen
aid groups are meeting in Paris and
pleading that those involved in the war
in Yemen do what they must to prevent a
new humanitarian disaster most of these
groups withdrew their workers from Yemen
ahead of the offensive that began on
June 12th because of major security
concerns the UAE s Minister of State for
International Corporation Rima Hashimi
told reporters that the safety of
civilians and Hoda is of the utmost
importance
withdrawal of the Houthis from the city
is essential we cannot imagine a setup
that would work if the Houthis continue
to be in the city but while those
involved in the fighting give ultimatums
many in the city are desperate they've
been forced out of their homes without
food or proper medical care
she is 2 years old she has been
suffering from diarrhea we still cannot
find a proper food and the pharmacy
doesn't have new medication Doctors
Without Borders
is warning that her data could turn into
a VC CH city with civilians caught
inside the organization says it won't be
able to help those injured when the
warring sides began street the street
fighting in the port city Paul
Chatterjee on al-jazeera
