I am for me okay and you're in the
stream today the separation of immigrant
families crossing into the u.s. southern
border may have stopped but the
challenges of reuniting children with
their parents remain legal action is
ramping up and so is political pressure
to make immigration law changes Emily
could be loud we're live on YouTube and
we want to hear from you later in the
program we'll also take a look at the
state of global press freedom but first
to Zimbabwe where elections are
scheduled for July 30th and the youth
are energized I believe this election is
about one single thing that is hopes and
aspirations of young Zimbabwe as we feel
sometimes that they are left out of the
conversation and in the systems they
want to feel like their dreams can come
true in this particular Republic and why
do I think they'll turn up
because at no point to the history of
our country have young people been so
engaged the political process and
understood the political process to the
extent of it notwithstanding the fact
that we have a very young population but
that's the key reason why young people
will turn up turn up for elections
Zimbabweans will head to the polls for
an election in which youth and social
media could be determining factors half
of the population is now under the age
of 25 and they will have unprecedented
power in the first election since a coup
toppled longtime leader Robert Mugabe
the 23 candidates current president
Emerson Minh and magog was main rival is
Nelson Chow Mesa from the Movement for
Democratic Change Alliance in Harare
Alto angwa is a political analyst and
Linda mozzerella is a human rights
activist and MP candidate for her re
central it is good to have you here
tower and Linda I am going to show you a
tweet from about a month ago from your
president he's delighted to proclaim
July 30 as the date for the 2018
harmonised elections these elections
will be free fair transparent the voice
of the people will be heard I call on
all candidates to campaign peacefully
and focus on the issues that really
matter
how's the peacefully campaigning going
Linda because of the structural
deformities that we
you know Society Zimbabwe where women
are still viewed as second-class
citizens you will find that we've got 23
candidates and about three of them are
women but every time we hear of the
candidate you only hear of the man being
spoken about and it is rather
unfortunate that 2018 elections I've got
the least number of we're participating
in the elections because of our track
our dominance which is a struggle that
we still continue as women in Zimbabwe
where we are trying to topple over
comfortrak or dominance so the election
campaign is a bit hectic it's a bit body
considering the bombing that happened
the body that happened on Saturday and
the Sun appears rally where the the
sitting president who came through a
coup actually was the early part and it
is really scary for all political actors
in the public because no one is safe no
one is secure and to date the government
has not issued a statement on what
really transpired in that particular day
and whether they're bringing
investigations and whether they were
conclusive and what type of grenade it
was or was it important on everything
else so you find that most problems are
now fearful some are taking it as a joke
but for for those who are pragmatic we
were actually seeing that the political
playing space is an even it's violence
when do you mention that some are
fearful and others may be a little bit
less faced this is one person on Twitter
who says this could be why she says I'm
in Bulawayo now and Zimbabweans have
this unique ability to be unfazed and
although the bombing is mentioned in
conversation nothing has really changed
it maybe there was a bigger gesture or
visibility of security adjustments
around but not even that is there so
nothing has changed how I'm wondering
from your perspective what is the
atmosphere like a sweet head into into
up to the polls do you sense tension I
got your perspective I wanted to hear
from town that I'm wondering if he sees
similarly yes thanks for having me on
the show again
look
Linda is a bit off in the context that
the government has stated that the
unfortunate incident that happened in
Bulawayo is under investigation
all security agencies are on the ground
I give credit to the president who has
come up publicly stating and reassuring
the Suvari a nation that elections were
gone as promised and scheduled and as
according to the Constitution yes then
there is somewhat some apprehension but
remember that that's one of the early
incidents of violence that we've seen
it's very unfortunate it's not welcome
in suburban society but I do quote a
senior opposition leader by the name of
Eddie cross who says this is one of the
best electro environments we've had
since 1964 so while there might be some
tension indeed it is still a very very
peaceful election relatively speaking
and comparatively speaking
really and Linda I really want to get
your take on this so lean for it and
look at this very closely I'm going to
show you two twitter banners and two
Twitter photos this is of course your
president look how he looks all right
and then let me just look at the leader
of the MDF he looks like he's Branson is
this a new kind of Zimbabwe that we're
looking at here is the youth snapping at
the hills of the old guard Linda your
tape first of all may take first of all
is yes it is high time that the youth
take over leadership and governance
issues on Zimbabwe but there is also a
vicious cycle of exclusion for women
candidates in this country and I cannot
be propping up the mill candidates yet
we still have three more candidates in
Zimbabwe who are underrepresented you're
really advocating for women here tower
so we had the the the young leader of
the MDC the elder statesman from the
zanu-pf
is this is this new is this fresh blood
coming into politics in Zimbabwe well
let me make it clear that while while
mr. chair Mesa is indeed a youthful
candidate if you look at his top five
lieutenants around him and I think the
average eight is a
fifty years old so it's not to say that
just because mr. Jamison is 40 years old
that the leadership of the Alliance is
young as well in fact most of them are
old having said that I think President
of Managua represents maturity more than
just age and to correct my colleague
there Linda while she keeps on talking
about the lack of women representation I
must remind her that the majority of the
Marwin voters in this election are women
they are the turning points more so than
youth Nica I wanted to give Linda a
chance to respond to that but Linda I
will go to you with this because when
talking about the voters you know people
online are noting this growing number of
registered young voters since Allah on
Twitter says there is a radical shift in
expression among them we've gone from
whispering our political opinions behind
closed doors suspicious of being
overheard by intelligence agents to
calling politicians out on Twitter Tech
has killed repression given birth to
sidewalk political analyst so he saw
they see last seems to be saying that
young people are out on the streets
feeling free to express their political
opinions where that wasn't the case
before hand Linda I'm wondering what you
think of that freedom of expression
should not infringe other people's
rights and to a certain freedom of
assembly and freedom of association so
like I was stating earlier that all the
female candidates in Zimbabwe have
actually had been receiving very little
mention on media and it has always been
the Pacheco dominates going ahead and
the the man taking the lead in
everything yet we also have a lot of
female players of Zimbabwe you'll find
that all the women candidates in
Zimbabwe from Georgia to Kazan it could
be the president of the mdc-t myself Jai
Simha Germain all the other women have
got a lot of haste paste page miss
Audrey mystic statement the regulatory
statement going on on social media
Twitter Facebook what's up you name it
but we are saying freedom of expression
should not infringe on other people's
rights and there is yes an element of
people being freer to express themselves
but most of it is targeted hate speech
Linda and Tao we have to leave it there
thank you so much we will be following
this story over the next few weeks so we
go from Zimbabwe to the United States
his al-jazeera's Gabrielle Elizondo it's
been one week since President Donald
Trump signed an executive order abruptly
ending the policy of family separation
of migrants a policy he put into place
that's only added to the confusion on
how to implement rapidly changing
policies from the administration
especially as video emerges from inside
the detention centers of suffering
children
on Tuesday senators were reminded that
the government is legally limited on how
long it can keep migrant families
together in detention right now I would
gladly put these children back with
their parents and custody of ice or
Customs and Border Patrol but I legally
can't because if the 20-day mark they'll
just be they have to be sent back we
need Congress to change this 20-day
limit on parent unification or we need
to stop criminally prosecuting them and
allow them to but far from the halls of
power more than 2,000 children are still
separated from their parents some four
months
through some of the legalese and
confusion is Erica Pinero policy and
litigation director at el otro lado
that's a legal aid organization and
Holly Cooper is the co-director of the
immigration law clinic at the University
of California at Davis welcome back to
the stream both of you you were both
here just a week ago and on that day a
president Trump signed the executive
order the latest news is this headline
here happened late Tuesday a federal
judge just ordered the Trump
administration to speed up family
reunifications of course our community
is reacting to this Eric I want to read
this one out for you deewan says that
executive order was empty mostly optics
due to public pressure the federal
judge's decision yesterday to reunite
families within 30 days carries weight
so yes reunification may happen because
a judge is forcing it to happen I'm
wondering Erica is there a plan in place
that's been announced for reunification
there is no plan that's been announced
the plan is that they're working on a
plan basically and while we absolutely
welcome the judge's decision mandating
reunification of children with their
parents it remains to be seen how this
can actually be carried out so I
explained last week that we have now
several clients who've been deported
back to Central America without their
children and we're still going through
this lengthy legal process of trying to
actually get the kids back to their
parents and I don't really see how that
can be sped up even with the judge's
decision out of the Southern District of
California so you know we're hopeful
that DHS the Department of Homeland
Security will move on these
reunifications it also remains to be
seen what will happen with the parents
that are still detained will they be
released from detention will they be
moved to family detention facilities we
simply don't know yet
only we're getting little snippets of
information about what's going on in the
detention centers how children are being
treated what can you tell us about your
biggest concern about the kids that we
can't see that we don't know what's
happening to yeah I think the biggest
concern is that we're seeing levels of
trauma that we're getting reports from
the American Bar Association as well
from our clients or so
we're children that the trauma is so
great that some of them are getting
forcibly sedated the children we've had
we have several at least two clients who
have been sent to psychiatric
institutions because of the trauma that
this is causing children and isn't from
all ages from tender age to teenagers so
we really can't understand how traumatic
it is from the child's perspective so
thank you for asking that it's a very
important question we got this question
from a lawyer this is Terry Kane buildin
actually lots of lawyers are tweeting us
because while they are studying this I
also have questions need clarification
terry says some parents have already
been deported without their children and
trying to reunite these parents will be
an administrative nightmare particularly
if they've gone far away how do we find
them and how do you match them to
children particularly to babies no
records were made I see you nodding
there Holly where do you even begin well
we have tried to reunify children who
are abroad with their parents here and
it is it's a nightmare because to travel
for a child under the Hague Convention
you have to have the parental permission
notarized by a consular official but
here we're dealing with an extra layer
is that we don't know who the parents
are or where they are and how to reunite
I mean what we're dealing with our epic
levels of crisis and I don't think our
administration had any I has any clue
like how they are going to go about
reuniting children with parents who have
already been deported Erica there's a
little unpacking to do if you can keep
it simple for us not every case of child
separation from their families is the
same what kinds of separation are you
seeing hearing about so there are cases
of family separation that continue to
this day
even after the executive order and even
after the court's decision in many cases
the Department of Homeland Security
claims that they don't have enough
information about the parental
relationship we're also seeing regular
separations where the custodial adult is
not a parent so like a grandparent and
older sibling an aunt or an uncle and in
many of these cases the parents have
been killed in home country and the
child is fleeing with the grandmother or
they enter the uncle and
being still separated regularly even
when they present themselves legally at
a port of entry those that are being
prosecuted are being coerced into
signing their own deportation orders and
as Holly mentioned once the parent is
back in home country there's very little
we can do to find them you know
thankfully in some countries we have
consulates that are very cooperative and
in other countries we have zero consular
support so I think we're facing an
enormous challenge in terms of getting
these children back to their parents
once they've been deported and in cases
where it's a non parent who's the
custodian or if the parent remains a
detention for whatever reason it's
basically impossible for the government
to comply with the court order mandating
reunification within 30 days Holly this
situation has I would say America right
now is so focused on what is happening
with immigrant children being separated
from their parents and how these parents
get back together I know that you
understand that the kids know that this
story is happening around them and they
are talking to you about how America is
reacting can you share that with us
because it's it's an angle that I've
never heard before bed yeah so the other
day I was in a detention facility and I
can I I have a friend who's a former
prisoner and she said that one thing
that got her through was knowing that
she had outside support so I tried to
incorporate it into my interview with
the child and I said do you have any
idea what's happening outside this jail
that there are thousands if not millions
of people internationally who are
clamoring to support you journalists who
are writing articles and people who are
protesting outside of detention
facilities and he lit up and he showed
me a drawing that he had done of
Emiliana Zapata and he smiled and he
said you know that essentially that that
helped him feel stronger about his
decision to fight for his freedom and
for his right to stay here the United
States hmm I wanted to share this tweet
we got from Jed who says there is no
sign that the administration kept track
of many children once the immigrants are
deported and disappear it may be very
difficult to reunite the courts need to
grant injunctions or during the
administration to move heaven and earth
to reunite
grant citizenship it's that last point
that I I doubt will happen there Erica
but what do you make of his tweet I
think the government has kept track of
most of the children in their custody
the issue is a really coordinating
communication with ice with Immigration
and Customs Enforcement so in the cases
that I've worked on the the agency
that's actually holding the children has
made many attempts to try to coordinate
communication with the parents or even
reunify the children with parents but
when Immigration and Customs Enforcement
is ignoring their messages and refusing
to coordinate that's really where we see
this breakdown where the parents don't
know where the children are I would be
ecstatic if the United States offered
some kind of status to these people
because they really have suffered
irreparable harm as Holly mentioned the
children are suffering such intense
trauma that it's gonna affect them for
the rest of their lives I think they're
absolutely
Oded debt and it would be amazing if he
could receive some kind of visa but I
really do doubt that would happen right
Erika Panero and Holly Cooper thank you
so much for joining us again on the
stream a story is developing and here at
the stream we'll be watching it closely
next we move on to renewed calls by al
Jazeera media network for press freedom
when the news is restricted and censored
the press is not free when there's
external interference and influence and
the news is used to exploit not
explained Asafa to lace at home when
journalists access to information is
prevented isolated on preguntas the
press is not free I know most of the
cars autonomous Aliotti hub and justice
never sees the light of day
no Halliburton Abramson Toby Turner aka
Jimo considered what to show will happen
and the stories that matter go untold
and unheard the press is not
and neither are we
with us now baahar Mohammed is an Al
Jazeera journalist Mohammed spent four
hundred and thirty seven days in prison
in Egypt many of them in solitary
confinement and Barbara trio fee is
executive director of the international
press Institute in Vienna it's good to
have you here Barbara I am wondering if
journalists are felt very uncomfortable
about covering stories about themselves
because not enough stories about what's
happening to journalists regarding press
freedom even make it into the news tell
us one that's relevant that you are
thinking about today story about press
freedom well there are many there are
the stories of the journalists the many
journalists are in prison today which
are twice as many as a year ago almost
and this is a scary figure it seems that
it has become acceptable in many
countries to put journalists in prison
just because of their dissenting opinion
and another terrifying story is our
journalists who are being killed for
covering corruption mostly for covering
for investigating mostly their
governments and I'm thinking about the
killing of a Slovakian journalist Yanko
thearc earlier this year in February who
was investigating the relationship
between the Slovakian state and the
Italian mafia group called and rangita
he was very young and very brave and was
just killed together with his girlfriend
following his murder people went to the
street to protest against the government
in the state that allows for this to
happen and eventually the prime minister
of Slovakia had to step back as a
continent so this is the type of
movement also that that attacks on
journalists can generate income
countries
I wanted to share a couple more stories
that people online are sharing this is
Sharif and this is the story we covered
here on the stream a reminder things
that have happened this year photos of
11 Afghan journalists killed in April
and the cover of a local magazine those
pictures are being shared with the
hashtag we will never forget here in the
US this is Lauren Wolfe a journalist who
says my phone was recently tapped after
I was attacked by hundreds of trolls and
another journalist friend was sent a
death threat by a guy who called us
dirtbags she blames this on the campaign
surrounding President Trump saying his
anti journalism campaign has real
dangerous consequences so that's all
around the world keeping that in mind we
got a video comment from someone from
the reporters without borders in France
and here are some tips she wants people
to keep in mind have a listen reporters
without borders we recommend that
journalists are both simple tools and
good a bit like getting a welcome cover
like that using password double a
notification the application signal to
circumvent censorship and of course they
can read reporters without borders API
for journalists by has been a little
over two years since you were released
what do you want people to keep in mind
journalists or non journalists I want to
also have something with the what barber
said what happened is in this region and
other regions what happened is that the
journalists at the beginning were
intimidated they were threatened at
let's say at the national level and at
some point to try to like hey when I
work with the government you want to do
something to try to bribe them but it
didn't work but since we have Trump in
office and he started this thing of fake
news we're having governments and that's
the problem we're having governments now
trying to legalize or like acting as if
that fake news or like anything that
have a top-secret issue or it harms the
national security or the national
interest as a low and that is the trend
now in many countries in the UK in Egypt
and everywhere and that does not come
only on like
like on journalists it goes also to
activists those who are having mobile
phones with cameras they are being
threatened so the idea is it's yes it's
our fault we're not doing enough we're
not doing enough for our colleagues who
are being or being jailed for just
reporting the truth for letting us know
and I think at this level we we
journalists we mean to let everybody
know that this is not this is not only
about us journalists take risks they
always go to some risky places they take
lots of risk and they know sometimes
that this is a very sensitive issues but
they do it because it really matters and
it cares for the people we need the
people to know this is the people right
to know the people right to to the
government don't want to share this
information and we want them to know
it's something very very briefly because
we're literally at the end of this show
and people watching this might think
well I'm I'm not a journalist what does
this got to do with me it's not my job
it's not my industry what would you say
to them in a sentence it's it's the
basic right it's it's democracy without
journalism professional journalism you
won't be able to practice your basic
right of democracy to choose who is the
candidate who will represent you or
represent your country no where's your
money you pay thank you both for talking
to us about the calls for press freedom
that's a reminder that we have a
journalist at al-jazeera called mohamed
hussein and he remains in prison in
Egypt and he's been there for more than
18 months I will leave you with his
story you can find it at aljazeera.com
thanks for watching
you
