young children being treated after an
apparent nerve agent attack in Syria the
devastating effects all too obvious as
the deadly compound was reportedly
dropped over the besieged city of Douma
in April just one of a number of times
that poisonous gases were used in Syria
as bashar al-assad's forces sought to
take control of rebel-held areas nearly
a year and a half ago there was this
attack in Kuala Lumpur International
Airport the half-brother of North Korean
leader Kim jong-un targeted in full view
of an unsuspecting public by VX nerve
agent he later died in hospital over in
the UK another targeted attack a former
Russian military officer and double
agent Sergei scruple and his daughter
Yulia poisoned the substance in question
confirmed by investigators to be Navi
chock a nerve agent developed by the
Soviet Union while such weapons have
been widely banned since the end of the
first world war where it was used to
devastating effect
routine Kandam Nations by international
leaders have done little to stop them
any attacks in Syria have invariably
been met with routine denials by Bashar
al-assad and his sponsor the Russian
government and they've been seen as a
provocation to the International
chemical weapons watchdog 11 member
countries of the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons called
for an emergency meeting at its
headquarters in The Hague to defend and
strengthen the global ban on such nerve
agents
currently the organization only
determines whether such attacks have
taken place not who carried them out
they want to use the session to set up a
new mechanism so the OPCW is able to
assign blame for attacks carried out
with banned munitions the proposal would
need a two-thirds majority to pass and
would likely face challenges from Iran
and Russia which has previously
criticized the OPCW in light of its
findings in Syria as well as Salisbury
but there is an urgency to tackle the
troubling spate of such dangerous and
indiscriminate attacks attacks that have
already cost the lives of too many
civilians Santiago al Jazeera
