the growing global trade war is claiming
some of its first victims in the u.s.
motorcycle maker harley-davidson
announced it was moving some of its
production overseas to avoid steep
tariffs imposed by the European Union
the EU action came after President
Donald Trump slapped tariffs on European
steel and aluminum harley-davidson says
it sold 40,000 motorcycles in Europe
last year it's not yet clear how many
workers will lose their jobs Trump
tweeted surprised that harley-davidson
of all companies would be the first to
wave the white flag asked about the
wisconsin-based manufacturer's decision
White House spokesperson Sarah Sanders
defended Trump's trade policies European
Union is attempting to punish US workers
with unfair and discriminatory trade
policies and president Trump will
continue to push for free fair and
reciprocal trade in hopes that the EU
will join us about meanwhile soybean
farmers in the Midwest are dreading the
prospect of China taxing their product
in retaliation for Trump's tariffs on
Chinese goods soybean futures are
already at their lowest in nearly a
decade to export 25% of your products
any time your stock start talking trade
negotiations it's gonna be a big impact
on your business
EU tariffs have gone into effect on us
cranberries peanut butter orange juice
and Levi's jeans also in a blow to
European liquor aficionados and American
distillers bourbon whiskey has become
costlier from Lisbon to Warsaw
thanks to EU retaliatory tariffs 25%
price increase is going to put us really
expensive compared to other products
that are already available in Europe
made by either European producers or
Indian or even Japanese producers the
Kentucky distillers Association urged
trade negotiators to quote sit down over
a glass of our signature spirit and
resolve their differences Rob Reynolds
al Jazeera Washington
