Armenians believe that culturally they
belong in the francophone fold even if
few of them speak French at this tribute
to the late French Armenian singer
Charles Aznavour french-speaking world
leaders agreed with their Armenian hosts
but at this summit there was debate
about who else should be allowed in
their club Saudi Arabia withdrew its
candidacy for observer status on
Thursday al Jazeera understands that
privately both France and Canada
supported the withdrawal especially
given the disappearance of journalist
jamal keshavjee first of all this this
particular case is of course of of
concern and we join with our allies
around the world in expressing serious
issues with that with these reports then
there was controversy about who should
represent the OIF Rwanda is foreign
minister Luiz mashiki Wabo will be the
next Secretary General
but her predecessor had Rwanda x' record
on democracy and freedom of speech in
mind
are we ready to accept that democracy
rights and freedoms have been reduced to
mere meaningless words are we ready to
accept small arrangements between states
or special interests Rwanda as president
was defensive so I think is just trying
to make a fool of everybody in the room
but the Francophonie is about humanist
values is the president of France was
emphasizing yesterday but your country
doesn't have a particularly good record
looking up journalists whether the facts
are playing for themselves you've had
people you've had people jailed facts of
facts error and they know there's a
 that dish's known to be
elected and she's been accepted by
everyone this international organization
claims to champion humanist values first
and foremost but now it seems to be
positioning itself as an economic and
political interest group to counter the
so-called anglo-saxon agenda now with an
Africa
at its head Africa will be where the
heart of La Francophonie resides Robin
Forestier Walker al Jazeera Yerevan
