the skyline of the Arve cross Sunday
night when the election results were
announced
pro-kurdish Democratic People's Party or
HDB celebrated winning 67 seats in
parliament close to their highest
achievement of seats three years ago
results are going to be beneficial for
our country people have made their
choice we should respect it I'm not
happy with the result because we're
going to remain under one man rule I
think he has to adopt an attitude which
embraces all sides he should stop
marginalizing people and segregating
them dr Bakker is the capital of the
Kurdish Heartland in southeastern Turkey
nearly 20% of tech is 80 million
population are kurds and they've long
complained of political and cultural
marginalization a peace process
initiated by the government of the
ruling AKP party resulted in more rights
for the Kurds but it's been frozen for
the past three years because of renewed
fighting with the Kurdistan Workers
Party the Turkish government says the
PKK is a terrorist organization the HDP
is the most prominent of kurdish
political parties it's leader salah dean
de natasha run for president four years
ago and was charged with terrorism in
2016 is campaign to become president
this time was run from his prison cell
voters say the election results came
close to what they had anticipated but
their future aims are much higher they
also believe that president everyone
needs to do much more during his new
term to fully respond to kurdish
political aspirations for the sake of a
more united and prosperous turkey how to
make that happen is a major question the
ultra-nationalist party
MHP which most opposes kurdish
empowerment has entered an alliance with
the ruling AKP party after winning 11
percent of the 600 seats in parliament
the MHP counterbalances the Kurdish MPs
the MHP discourages any policy of
reconciliation with the Kurds which
could further complicate the peace
process
Kurdish celebrations are the election
results are accompanied by worries about
what the future holds in the new
Parliament in Ankara hamid van al
jazeera dr become turkey
