for sixty four-year-old and raise Manuel
Lopez Obrador it's looking like third
time lucky in his quest to win the
Mexican presidency this time his the
overwhelming frontrunner known to all by
his initials AM log and he has a simple
message we'll listen to everyone will
respect everyone but our priority is the
poor for the good of everyone the poor
thirst that plan has polarized Mexico to
some he's a danger ready to turn the
country into the next Venezuela to
others he's a deliverer from a corrupt
political class and yawning inequality
when you ask people I am Louis rallies
what they expect from him many say the
same thing change despite the fact that
he's been on the scene for a long time
he still builds himself as an outsider
to the political establishment to the
point where he's created his own party
the party morena may be new but amla's
often labeled an old-school populist who
believes in a strong state he wants to
provide monthly payments for students
double pensions for the old and set
price controls to help small-scale
farmers to pay for all of that who rely
on his flagship campaign promise
he says completely eradicating Mexico's
rampant corruption will have more than
24 billion dollars to his budget his
main strategy to achieve that simply by
providing an example of his honesty so
other politicians follow suit I asked
him if that was enough yes the rest is
just an adornment what's important is
that the President does the right thing
critics say that and other plans are
naive and lack detail the country's
business leaders are also spooked by his
protectionist ideas and view of them as
part of what he calls the power mafia
they and his political rivals claim AMLO
has an authoritarian anti-democratic
streak they point to his refusal to
accept the results of the last two
elections in 2006 he paralysed part of
the Capitol in protest but he does know
how to work within the political system
as mayor of Mexico City he works with
the private sector to regenerate the
city center improve transport
infrastructure and ended with a more
than eighty percent approval rating now
Mexico is waiting to see which version
it gets moderate or radical populist or
progressive if that is he wins the
presidency John Holman al Jazeera I
could kill fun
