as they posed for the cameras in
Brussels the central question being
posed to EU leaders was if they could
find a solution to the migrant crisis
for some this has appeared to become
decisive over recent weeks Angela Merkel
has had to concede ground to her
domestic allies on Sunday there was a
further concession at least in tone we
all agreed that we want to reduce
illegal migration that we want to
protect our borders and that we're all
responsible for all topics it cannot be
the case that some only deal with
primary migration and others only with
secondary migration everybody is
responsible for everything wherever
possible we want European solutions
where this is not possible we want to
bring those who are willing together and
find a common framework for action the
issue has been brought into sharp focus
by scenes like these filmed aboard the
vessel MV lifeline in the Mediterranean
226 people rescued from the sea but
stuck on the ship as different countries
refused to accept them as it were a
metaphor for the entire migrant crisis
it is extremely difficult and I would
say it's even harder now than it might
have been two or three years ago because
in the interim we've seen a number of
government changes including a number of
hardline governments you've got more
vocal but also we've seen a polarizing
of positions between countries based on
their experience of migration Italy has
proposed a 10-point plan to try to drive
the discussion forward suggesting
different EU countries accept reception
centres as part of a commitment to
abandon the previous Dublin regulation
whereby refugees must claim asylum in
their arrival country as he left
Brussels on Sunday Prime Minister
Giuseppe Conte tweeted his happiness at
the way the talks had progressed when
this meeting was first called it was
with the hope that 16 member states
might be able to iron out some of the
problems and then present solutions to
the 28-member stating that takes place
on Thursday and Friday this week the
question is will there be any kind of
compromise acceptable to the full EU
summit Dominic kane al jazeera Brussels
