yet again red-tape erawan is victorious
this success however will taste a lot
sweeter for the man who is now one more
than ten successive national polls since
his AK Party came to power in 2002
Sunday's volt was a gamble by Erdogan
who called for the early elections at a
time when Turkey's currency was at the
weakest it's been in years but it seems
to have paid off for the man whose name
has now become almost synonymous with
that of his country addressing his
supporters are one described Sunday as a
victory for all of Turkey
the winners of this election are the 81
million Turkish citizens of this country
each and every one is a winner in this
election
everybody exercised their rights by
going to the ballot boxes and casting
their votes and I want to thank
everybody you are writing history going
into the vote it seemed that a
galvanized opposition could prevent Iran
from winning in the first round
forcing a runoff that could possibly
pose a bigger threat to his quest to
become the first president under the new
constitution the main contender Muharram
in J of the CHP had tried to garner
support from all sections of society he
wooed the religious basis by publicly
joining prayers in some cities and
attempted to reach out to the right-wing
blocks by promising to expel millions of
Syrian refugees if elected but as large
as interest crowds were or those of Iran
in the end what mattered were the
numbers of ballots cast in their favor
Turks who have a proud tradition of high
voter turnout did not disappoint early
indications were that more than 86% of
them participated voting not only for
president with new powers but also for a
new Parliament with 100 more members
while Aaron's Act party were buoyant
with the presidential victory there will
be disappointment over their
parliamentary performance with the AKP
using the two-thirds supermajority they
once held only managing to secure a
simple majority with the help of their
nationalist MHP allies the big winners
in the parliamentary votes were the
Kurdish HDP winning over 50 seats making
this new legislative body more diverse
than the previous
one and it's that pluralism that many in
Turkey will hope can help bridge the
political divide that continues to
affect Turkish society speaking to the
nation
Erewhon seemed to understand those
concerns were his jimson in truckin in
debt no one should be discriminated
against in this country because of their
belief because of their gender or
because of their origins we will not
allow this the opposition will be
disappointed that they were unable to at
least force a second round of voting
they will take heart however from their
improved performance in the parliament
and the fact that a relatively unknown
person like Jay was able to secure in
significant history now what he does
with this mandate will be turning it
works look to him to show let's go
economic and social problems
