is the battle for Doral decisive for the
war in Syria the province which was the
cradle of the Syrian Revolution is under
massive bombardment would victory for
the government signal an end to more
than seven years of fighting and what
are the regional implications of the
battle this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Martine Dennis though it was anti-assad
graffiti in the city of Deraa that
sparked Syria's revolution in 2011 but
what started as a peaceful uprising has
turned into a war that has killed
hundreds of thousands and it's uprooted
Millions
is drawn in an assortment of foreign
powers and now with the backing of
Russia Iran and the Lebanese militia
Hezbollah President Assad is seeking to
retake control of Daraa one of the last
remaining rebel-held areas Dada is in
the far southwest of Syria and
government forces have massed in the
region they're shelling and they're
dropping barrel bombs and some reports
suggest that they're getting support
from Russia in the air campaign but this
was supposed to be a de-escalation zone
agreed by Russia the United States and
Jordan without agreements clearly now
null and void much to the consternation
of neighboring countries the US has
reportedly told the Syrian rebels not to
expect military support in southern
Syria so why is there are so sensitive
apart from its symbolic significance as
the birthplace of the revolution the
province is considered strategically
important it's on the border with Jordan
and it stretches all the way to the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights and as
we've mentioned the US Russia and Jordan
agreed last year to include Dara
as part of for so-called de-escalation
zones designed to reduce the fighting in
Syria while Syria's government has urged
rebels to give up their weapons but so
far they're refusing to recognize
President Bashar al Assad we don't
recognize Assad's Authority he has
destroyed our cities and killed our
people he destroyed Syria to stay in
power
we will never recognize him and we
reject the presence of Iranian and
Afghan militias it's only Syrians who
should decide the future of the country
all right let's introduce our guests now
from Beirut we have Sammy nadir who's
director of the Levant Institute for
strategic affairs from London we have
Mack moon Abel Noir retired Jordanian
Air Force general and from arezzo in his
via skype joshua landis director of the
center for Middle East Studies at the
University of Oklahoma thank you all
very much indeed for joining us can I
start with you mock moon in London
because the words there we've just heard
of that
FSA commander suggests that any kind of
political deal is not at all acceptable
they're not prepared to accept the
authority of the government of President
Assad so a battle is inevitable my
question therefore is what sort of
support do the rebels have and are they
likely to be completely wiped out from
this I I think they lost the whole
support from the region and from the
American and their friends as the
Americans suggested that they should put
any assumption that the American will
interfere on that region of southern
part of Jordan southern part of Syria so
I think they are in deep trouble
if I were them I'll go I'll stay on my
land keep the current map as is and I
will ask for reconciliation that will be
another route and a lot of people will
be killed if the battle State or remain
on and we receive e also with the
Russian air power which is dominant
force and I think they should proceed on
that direction because they will lose it
at the end of it
what sort of weaponry what sort of
resources do they have at their disposal
they have light machinery and they don't
have like heavy tanks or air defense
system sure that as a missile or even
they're short of these things and I
don't think the American or the
bordering country will support them they
should read that very carefully and they
should read the battle very carefully is
also and to good decision on that and by
doing that they will not give the regime
i just--i fication to keep on attacking
them and killing these people
I think is the biggest dictator in our
part of the world and I don't think the
Syrian people can't this revolution to
make logical reform or whatever okay
they want a regime change and what the
interviewer suggested that all right
Joshua is this battle the battle for
Dhara
is this a definitive moment in Syria's
War I it is the war is largely come to
an end there are two major three major
pockets that remain that this southern
one that we're talking about now it live
which Turkey may try to hold on to and
of course the large Kurdish region in
the north and Kurdish and Arab region
above the new fray T's that the United
States presently holds with its Kurdish
and Arab allies up there so those are
the three areas that Assad has promised
to take back its beginning with this one
because it seems to be the most least
well defended and the most vulnerable
because Jordan ultimately wants to open
the roads with Damascus wants to get
back on a regular footing with Damascus
it wants to send refugees home the
United States is not going to defend
this region there are dozens of militias
there including Isis and al Qaeda
how would America what would America's
long term plan B if they intervene to
save these militias would they help them
establish a state would they protect
them forever it's unclear and America
has made it very you know very I think
very clear that it's not going to do
that rious deconflict arrangement was
negotiated a year ago Tim or two years
ago in the United States wanted to fight
Isis today Isis destroyed so the the
object which was to get Syria Russia the
United States and everybody focused on
fighting Isis is now no longer there and
so that's why the Syrian regime has
turned its attention to taking it back
right okay Sami coming to you we heard
in the little clip from the FSA
commander the
there are Afghan militias involved in
the fight as well as as the well-known
Iranian militias taking part on the on
the side of the government but this has
been described as a potential powder keg
for a regional a wider regional fight a
battle which is alarming many including
the UN Secretary General and why is Dara
so sensitive an area in terms of the
overall region because there are is in
the south and the south of Syria is is
the scene of confrontation between two
major players Israel and Iran let's not
forget that the south of Syria was
subject to a de-escalation a deal
between Jordan Russia and America that
was decided on in September of last year
it was confirmed during the summit
between poutine and Trump lost November
and now this is a serious breach of this
deal and at the core of this deal was
the Iranian presence in South and Syria
Israel demand was that Iran has to be 40
to 50 kilometers far from this border
this is the core of the deal and today
this battle will decide the Iranian
presence and its capability to engage
with Israel since day one
Iran was trying to change the rule of
engagement with Israel so now Russia is
Russia testing the ability of America to
defend this deal is it trying to test
the readiness of the FSA or there is a
deal that has been already
decided on and Russia which according to
which Iran will withdraw from the
Israeli border and in exchange of that
Russia is claiming that this area will
be under this Joshua what do you think
of that Sammy seems to suggest that
perhaps there is a deal that can pull
all of the parties to the conflict back
from the brink or do you think that they
are basically just ignoring the warnings
that have been given by the United
States and its prepared to take firm and
appropriate measures if the regime
continues to to create violence in what
is supposed to be this de-escalation
zone what do you think well I don't
think that they really have come to a
deal I think they have talked around the
parameters as your guest just explained
but Iran has said we're staying
Israel is demanded today and leave
altogether there doesn't seem to be any
final agreement on the other hand it
seems quite clear that Israel is capable
of drawing red lines in Syria it has
attacked the Iranians in the north
up near book kamal in the south it has
been very successful in destroying all
of the potential Iranian bases missile
implants and so forth the United States
I think is not stepping in and it's made
it clear it will not step in because it
believes that Israel is perfectly
capable of defending itself in this
region that its air force and it's in
and such technology is far superior to
the Iranians now that doesn't mean that
the Iranians are going to sit back they
may continue to probe we just saw you
know in the last 24 hours
that a drone was sent towards the goal
on Israel sent up Rockets against it it
turned around there is going to be this
kind of jousting I believe and Iran is
repositioning itself but Israel is quite
capable and certainly very able to
attack Syria
at will and I don't think that anybody's
really worried that Israel is going to
be pushed into the sea
alright thank you alright my mood joshua
has described what what could happen to
be a series of just stings if you like
but at the end of the day it is small
fragile Jordan that is going to bear the
brunt of any escalation of the conch in
this particular region how fragile is
Jordan at this moment very fragile and
with all respect I disagree fully with
your previous speak speak about the
assessment in Syria these collisions are
never meant that it's a safe haven or
demoralized zone and what it meant
really is staying I said stay in power
and regain the territory for him help
the Iranian inve expansion in our part
word Israeli get limited capability to
stop the Iranian maneuverability in the
area or politically and militarily so
the disc elation zone has no meaning now
after the regime got there are back for
Jordan yes it's a matter of time and
they will get regained in a zip crossing
area - Jordan that's very important
crossing point and the main concern of
Jordan is the chaos and their refugees
with our internal problem now concerning
the economy and some instability I could
say in Jordan now regarding the changing
Prime Minister's setup with all these
influx of refugees that will be a big
trouble the affect our demography and
our way of life and our economy all
absolutely I mean we've all seen them
yeah we've all seen those demonstrations
land you know may I may I carry on on
about about 1005 second only board never
been based on promises and guarantee as
the American the way of doing things
promising the rebels initially and all
of a sudden they chasm
back and this is the way they do it also
for Jordan they should not base their
strategy on promises and and and
guarantee from the American and they
should have a plan B to stop or force a
safe haven for these refugees because
Jordan cannot take it anymore and this
is very difficult situation now we are
absolutely in Sonny because of course we
shouldn't lose sight should be of the
fact that there are civilians who have
pretty much pinned in they've got a
closed border with Jordan and they've
got an encroaching military attack
coming their way what do they do what do
these hundreds of thousands of civilians
do yeah exactly and there are you have
more than eight hundred thousand
civilian living there and if these
military developments will lead to a new
flood of refugees - - Jordan Jordan
it's like Lebanon in a very fragile
situation not only politically like in
Lebanon but economically I mean we're
talking about an economic collapse of
two regions or two countries that are
bordering Syria and if this is to happen
it will have really very damaging
consequences on all the region we have
seen that about two million refugees
threatened the whole Europe of I would
not say collapse but put Europe in big
trouble in Jordan and Lebanon we are
talking about like four million Syrian
refugees for a total population of six
to eight million so this is to put
things in perspective I think the
secretary of the United Nation has had
likewise word in saying that this has to
stop at least - to contain or to stop a
possible new flood of refugees that will
have very damaging consequences on all
the region absolutely so Joshua how
this be averted I'm particularly taken
by a report by the International Crisis
Group which suggests that given that the
rebels cannot mount any kind of credible
military defense they need to be party
to some sort of agreement some sort of
deal whereby the state the state of
President Assad retakes control of the
area and they agree on how to be
governed yes the the International
Crisis Group put out a very good report
it foresaw that the realities that you
are drawn out in this program which is
that there could be a big flood of
refugees into Jordan which could
destabilize the region and it hoped that
America would put pressure on the
refugees to the draw to a draw from the
region and not to put out the fight so
that it would not turn into the hooter
the problem with this however is that
the rebels are determined to stay in
place at least that's what they've said
and I think that they're trying to use
the anxiety and the leverage of a
potential flood of refugees into Jordan
in order to get the United States and
local powers to step in to put pressure
on Assad and to try to use that as
leverage and so this is a game of
chicken that we're seeing right now
you know everybody agrees that the
rebels do not have the balance of power
in their favors that they can't survive
but they want better terms they want
somebody to come in and provide them
with guarantees which will be negotiable
and how we get there it's unclear what
the Americans can guarantee them whether
it's money whether it's a safe haven
someplace
I don't know and math moon it seems very
much as though time is is certainly not
on their side barrel bombs are already
being dropped and we're understand we
understand that Russian warplanes have
taken to the skies as well so this war a
for Dada is actually underway isn't it
so how long do you think
we'll take before the region is
devastated and we see this humanitarian
crisis that Sami has already outlined
it's very difficult to protect when the
war in southern Terra or antara will be
over but I I think the Russian injury
engineered the sort of understanding
with the Israeli that the allow the
Syrian army to come to buffer zone 1974
nearby the goal line in Jordan which is
the most critical thing if I if I'm if
I'm a planner there I would not rely on
American guarantee and promises because
that I should have Plan B by asking the
whole international community to go for
safe haven for these refugees near body
Jordanian border I think this is at
least Jordan can do and they should
clearly tell the world that we cannot
can take any more Syrian into our part
of the world so they are our present but
that would be absolutely blessing we
understand the pressure region and Sami
obviously the same for your country
isn't it for Lebanon the the pressure of
this flood of desperate people is almost
too much to bear what alternatives do
you see what sort of pressure can be
brought to bear do you think that could
avert this military conflagration that
we seem to be witnessing already I think
the only solution the one and only
solution for this refugee crisis is to
ensure safe zones in Syria and to ensure
I mean a safe return for those refugees
the fighting has to stop the fighting
has to stop the fighting has just has to
stop this is true but in some region of
Syria the fighting has been stopped in
practically all of North Syria there is
no fighting anymore and serious effort
can be done to ensure at least the
return of some of those refugee
perhaps not all of them but some of them
and the same could be said for the
region of hummus and of Damascus but the
question is given that this
re-engineering of Syria that demographic
engineering of Syria is this question of
the return of the review of the refugees
is really on the table or there is a
poker game here that we that we're
hearing some diplomatic words but but on
the ground we are witnessing a different
reality a partition of Syria or
re-engineering of Syria based on new
demographic and ethnic rules absolutely
just sure that's an interesting point
isn't it because the shifting of
democracies has been one of the catch
characteristics of this war and many
people of course are loath to give up
the the region in which they live and be
forcibly moved to another part of the
country completely which has happened in
guter and other places as well and
they're all being fenced in almost in
Italy province in the northwest of the
country this is one of the great fears
isn't it as civilians
absolutely and everybody knows that when
the regime returns one has to give up
their political rights and they will no
longer have freedom of expression and
they'll be frightened that those who
have joined the revolution you have
supported it openly will possibly be
jailed and and discriminated against
this is this of course the terrible fear
and we see it you know the big question
is will refugees return to Syria if
there's not regime change and and many
analysts are very divided on this
question we've seen many reports by the
Carnegie Foundation others saying that
refugees will not return as long as so
long as Assad stays in power I've heard
many others say I they're skeptical of
this if the economy stability were to
return to some some sort of stability
and normalcy that people might go back
because conditions are not put in
Lebanon many people don't want to live
in Turkey the Turks are trying to push
them out the Jordanians are trying to
push them out so it's unclear what the
international community what standard
should take because the United States
and many others have said they're not
going to help rebuild they don't want to
help the economy
this will only consolidate Assad's power
religion o mais him and not lead to
regime change the United States is still
at least Orly says that it wants
ultimately Assad to leave through
elections and it's going to put pressure
on economic pressure so this this bigger
question and is still up in the air and
there and it's the civilians down below
who are being caught in this clash
between rebel and regime and between the
west and the east Iran and Saudi and
Saudi Arabia so the people of Syria are
still not out of the woods a cold hard
fact on which to end this conversation
gentlemen thank you all very much indeed
Samy nada talking to us from Beirut mark
moon you know while talking to us from
London and joshua landis talking to us
from read so in Italy thank you all very
much indeed and as ever thank you for
watching you can see the program again
anytime you like by going to the website
aljazeera.com is the address should you
want more discussion you can go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story and you
can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me Martine Dennis and the whole
team here it's bye for now
