these lectures have many firsts
including one that's expected to make
lasting changes to Turkey's presidency
and it's politics for the first time
more than 59 million Turks can vote for
new members of parliament under
president on the same day more than 56
million of them are in Turkey at least 3
million more in 60 countries abroad the
elections will end the existing
parliamentary system of governance and
replace it with an executive
presidential one after it was approved
in a referendum last year the office of
the Prime Minister will be dissolved and
the new president who for the first time
can have ties to a political party will
be the head of the state with vast
executive powers like the power to
prepare the annual budget issue decrease
and declare a state of emergency let's
take a look at how the numbers stack up
in the parliament the governing our
party has 316 seats followed by the main
opposition Republican People's Party all
the CAHPS 131 seats the pro-kurdish HDP
with 47 the MHB with 35 the e
controlling 6 and 2 for independent the
parties are fighting for a majority in a
parliament which is now increasing in
size from 550 members to 600 and this
time political parties have been allowed
to form free poll alliances which could
offer a counterweight to a stronger
presidency the arc party is part of
what's called the People's Alliance for
others including the Republican People's
Party a part of the National Alliance
these alliances could help smaller
parties get a foothold in the parliament
if their coalition wins over 10 percent
of the vote
now there are five men and one woman in
the presidential race this is of course
the current president ratchet type are
the gun who's running as part of the
People's Alliance the other parties have
put their own individual candidates like
moorim India for instance who's from the
CHP party his articles fiercest opponent
and a strong contender meryl Oksana from
the any party is the only female
candidate in the fray and selleth in de
Mirage is running for the pro-kurdish
HDP who's been leading his campaign from
prison after being accused of having
links with the outlawed Kurdistan
Workers Party or
pkk one of them needs to win more than
50% of the vote to become a precedent if
not it will head to a runoff
