dogs live better than this stinking
piles of rubbish the air thick with
mosquitoes they're mostly Afghans and
they know full well and not even Germany
will take them in nowadays their war has
been deemed less important than a Syrian
one so they're stuck the people are
going to stay here but the system is too
slowly are you trying to move north I
want to stay here do you yeah but
there's no camp that I can go there stay
there
boo-yeah some have lived in the
half-built carpark nearly a year
Mohamed had arrived the day we turned up
he thinks he would like to risk the
crossing through Albania which thousands
have already tried this year but how to
afford it I have one man in one year in
now one euro yes
our lab is finished everyone in here nor
have won money it's the northern path to
Greece from Turkey over the wide Evros
River the route revealed by Al Jazeera
several months ago that is causing this
new humanitarian crisis everyone we
spoke to had come this way and the total
lack of Hope in Greece is forcing them
to consider any route out if you have
any money you can get a bus from
Thessaloniki to a port and try your luck
on a boat to Italy but most don't have
the luxury of this option until a couple
of years ago either many was full of
tents and journalists before the
so-called Balkan routes was closed by
Macedonia the media is all gone now but
we'd been told dozens were still
attempting this route every day and so
it proved
we found them up a Shepherd's track in a
forest right on the border all of them
Pakistanis many of them teenagers where
do you go do you know Macedonia Serbia
and to Germany this way trying to do
what hundreds of thousands managed a few
years ago but Europe isn't the same
anymore
according to the United Nations there
are now getting on for 10,000 more
refugees and migrants in Greece than the
were when this border was basically a
refugee
and two or three years ago and frankly
these people have got absolutely no
chance of getting asylum in any Western
European country if anything Germany's
likely to tell Greece to take more and
more people back this place has become a
complete trap unsurprisingly the new
waves of refugees coinciding with the
new hostile European environments make
local officials nervous many happens
because they wanted to fulfill their
dreams and go to Europe all the things
that were done trapped them in Italy
we're concerned we're afraid but we hope
there will never again be an informal
camp of refugees and migrants for the
refugees living rough in Greece there is
not even water let alone hope they may
as well pray because no country in
Europe will help them now Lawrence Lee
al Jazeera northern Greece
