it's an election like no other rajab
hire better ones popularity put to the
test as voters go to the polls the
Turkish leader faces real challenges as
he seeks to tighten his grip on the
power he's held for 16 years so could
there be a surprise and what would that
mean for Turkey's future this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Martine Dennis Turks go to the polls on
Sunday for what are being seen as the
most crucial elections in modern times
for the first time presidential and
parliamentary votes will take place on
the same day and whoever takes the top
job will be assuming enhanced powers
approved in a referendum last year these
are not easy times Turkey has been in a
state of emergency since a failed coup
attempt in 2016 and the economy is in
crisis Mohamed VAR looks at how
political allegiances have been shifting
president Raja played aired one at one
of his last campaign rallies addressing
an already galvanized car in Raja Antony
he asked people to vote for the People's
Alliance the new political bloc led by
his aching party every vote you cast for
the People's Alliance will be the final
nail in the coffin of the old system in
Turkey that keeps producing military
coos and crises On June 24 every vote
cast for the AK Party or guarantee our
future with constitutional changes
following a referendum everyone managed
to concentrate many powers in the office
of the president so the man who has
never lost an election and who has been
in power for the longest time since the
founder of the Republic Mustafa Kemal
atatürk cannot afford to lose
he needs to convince a friend and foe
that he is still the best person to lead
Turkey but the country is as politically
polarized as ever the president knows
he'll have to fight all the way to
snatch a clear victory in many highly
contested regions results of last year's
referendum on constitutional changes
we're an eye-opener for everyone and his
ruling bloc big cities such as Istanbul
Ankara and Antalya which gave him an
easy victory in the November 2015
general election voted against his
constitutional amendments in 2017 more
consistent challenges are expected in
the southeastern region of the al-bakr
the heartland of the Kurdish political
movement where their support for the
Kurdish nationalist People's Democratic
Party the HDP secular and traditional
supporters of the Republican People's
Party CHP have the upper hand in the
western regions and in the case of the
conservative regions of Gaziantep
president everyone needs to maintain the
loyalty of vast areas in central
Anatolia with majority conservative and
religious populations but techies
political culture is unpredictable
previous indicators may not be
replicated in this election in the wake
of the 2017 referendum aired one
convened his cabinet to study the causes
behind the no vote in big cities against
his proposed reforms he acknowledged the
existence of problems and the need to
find solutions he knows that those who
oppose him on ideological or political
grounds will continue to vote against
him anyway but for the wider non
politicized masses he needs to address
basic needs including fixing the economy
Mohammed Valley al-jazeera Gaziantep
take
well as you've heard Turkey's economy is
facing major challenges the lira has
dropped to a record low against the
dollar down by almost 20 percent as the
lira fell the inflation rates soared
beyond twelve percent the highest it's
been in six months on a slightly better
note the economy grew by seven point
four percent in the first three months
of this year but analysts are warning
that there are signs of strain right
let's introduce our guests now in ankara
we have maher teen at a man who's editor
of insight turkey and director of the
Setter think-tank education and Social
Policy from London
we have Fatih hakura consulting fellow
in the Europe program at Chatham House
and also in Ankara by Skype we have
özgür özdemir who is professor in the
department of international relations at
Bilkent University thank you all for
joining us can I start with you maher
teen president edwin in these elections
are is is facing a confluence of
extraordinary factors in t he's got a
revitalized vienna energized opposition
plus he's got an economy which is waning
to say the least
how far is this presenting a major
challenge to his supremacy of 16 years
at the helm of turkey well so far
turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan
was in competition with with himself
only there was a no real challenge until
this coming elections I think that
therefore this is the most important one
of the most important elections that our
party faces until very recently we know
that Turkey had been challenged by by
many threats from outside and from
inside so all these hurt the economic
situation it created many economic
hardships in the country but still when
we look at the opposition side
there are not too many critics about
economic development in Turkey but most
of it most of the challenges the
rhetoric is political so the main claim
is just to get rid of the 16 year of
aired one rule in Turkey but that's true
it's about it's about a great
transformation a political
transformation in Turkey whether turkey
will be able to restructure its
political system or not therefore all
other interestingly I mean conflicting
political parties they have been
cooperating against okay
Fadi coming to you in London so how
significant a coalition are coming
together is this then of the opposition
parties of course including the main
opposition CHP party how powerful a bloc
are they forming for the public in
Turkey I think that this is
unprecedented that you have a coalition
that includes a a left-wing secular
party in the namely the Republican
People's Party founded by Kemal Ataturk
and and nationalist party a breakaway
from the from the MHP called the good
party led by miral action air and also
includes the facility olicity party
Saadat parties in Turkish or félicité
party which was the original home of
President aired one many years ago
before he set up the AKP or their
justice Development Party so this is an
unprecedented coalition that is
projecting a serious now challenge to
President aired one and the ruling
Justice and Development Party and also
in Ankara how far are Turkey's foreign
exploits and its relations with outside
countries and institutions how far is
that playing on the minds of Turkish
people as they go to these historic
pearls usually foreign policy of Turkey
is not on high up on the agenda of the
people when they vote usually all the
political science research in Turkey
shows that
the number one issue for Turkish people
when they vote is the health of the
economy especially employment is a big
deal
usually and after that security comes
especially prevention of terrorism in
Turkey these are the top two things that
people care about foreign policy maybe
well if you consider the Syrian refugees
as foreign policy issue okay some people
care about that but all in all generally
Turkish people do not usually vote based
on foreign policy what about what about
the Turkish military operation olive
branch in in northern Syria I mean not
only is that obviously very expensive
but it's also costing Turkish lives does
that not have a bearing on how people
view president Erdogan in the way he's
conducting his foreign policy a lot of
people argue that actually this would
help the government in terms of
increasing the boats and but right now
the government circles say that the
effect of those operations and the
nationalism nationalistic atmosphere in
the country is already gone and it
doesn't have any effect on the boats I
personally don't think that is a major
factor when people brought actually all
right Martin
traditionally president Erdogan has had
a great deal of charismatic charismatic
allure hasn't he particularly for the
for the pious and for those outside of
the metropolitan centers but it seems
very much as though that allure and that
attraction is now being questioned
perhaps for the first time in 16 years
I don't think so that his charismatic
leadership is being questioned by the
general public you know is so far he was
as I said earlier he was the only
charismatic leader running for elections
but this time you know especially the
candidate from jaha from CHP it seems
kind of charismatic but when we look at
the overall I mean the back
and the promises that he makes I think
the only the only biggest advantage is
his anti organism and just to his claim
to that he is the one who will get a get
rid of their the one leadership so the
hard one leadership is still strong
therefore none of the polls
none of the polls claimed that president
Aaron will get less than 45% during the
first round that is all polls we know
that most of them they are partisan but
still those who are against president
Alderaan
they also claim that everyone will get
at least 45 percent of the votes and his
party our party will get over 40 percent
all right this threshold is quite high
it shows that
so you see you Jewish English public is
still considering Kyra part one as the
alternative all right so you're assuming
that people take a few percentage points
or whatever he will get the 50% that's
required in order to avoid a runoff
fuddy let me come to you has the the
nationalistic fervor of the 2016 just
after the failed coup attempt has that
eased off somewhat and our people in
Turkey considering what many of the
critics are saying that the political
space that many accused president
Erewhon of shutting down of of eroding
people's civil liberties I mean is this
something that is playing now into
Turkish minds I think that the effects
the electoral effects of the July 2016
failed cool has pretty much disappeared
now in Turkey I think that this
narrative was somewhat overplayed by
President aired on and the ruling
Justice and Development Party that's
pretty much now disappeared from voters
minds the key concern for them now is
the state of the economy it is
deteriorating the Turkish lira
has dick has depreciated 20 pound 20
percent this year against the US dollar
more than 60
and more compared to five years ago
against again against the US dollar so
that's the number one issue for Turkish
voters another indication is that if you
look at the number of the percentage of
Turkish bank deposits denominated in
u.s. dollars or Euros it's now fast
approaching fifty percent which is an
indication that many Turks now are
losing confidence in the currency and
also in the wider economy and the
economy clearly is not in a hail and
hearty condition but also people of the
people of Turkey are going to the polls
aren't they under a state of emergency
what sort of conditions therefore affect
the way in which people go to the polls
there are many criticisms about this
both from domestic circles and also from
international media and politicians
there are but there are different ways
to overcome these difficulties actually
there is a huge unprecedented
mobilization by the political parties
both from the governing political party
and also from the opposition and all the
leaders for example has have called
their own followers to go to the ballot
boxes and to look after their boss and
make sure that every vote is counted I
think there is a growing and Democratic
awareness in the country and both from
the opposition parties and also from the
governing party and I think a lot of
people especially the civil society
organizations are actually taking up
this challenge Martin coming back to you
you're pretty confident that President
Erdogan will be able to secure the
presidency again with with enhanced
powers as we've already mentioned but
what about on the parliamentary level
there is serious doubt as to whether
he'll be able to maintain that supremacy
within the 600 seat chamber and that in
fact this reenergized
opposition is likely to take away quite
a few seats from the AK Party to be hung
to be honest there are two main
uncertainties which creates problem to
make concrete evaluations about this the
first one is this is the first elections
that Turkish political parties go to the
polls with alliances that is the
threshold the tempers and national
threshold will be counted for the
Alliance's not for the single political
parties only therefore especially the
parties of Meral action and the felicity
party and MHP in their dream parties
which which which had a great challenge
and faced difficulties to overcome this
10% threshold so for now the real
constituency will come out and vote for
them so this creates some uncertainty
whether the some of the reluctant voters
will go to the polls and vote for
felicity party or not so the this this
is one of the uncertain dimension of the
elections the second one is this is the
first time that the leadership itself
and the political party they they will
they will be voted differently we know
that the government will will not come
out out of the parliament therefore my
expectation is that the the vote of the
our och Party will be lower than the
votes casted for reject I paired one
right so fatty if we have but still
together with MHP well sorry to hear it
I think they will they will get it is
more more of more than half of the seats
in the parliament all right
fuddy let's just put this scenario to
you if president edwin retains the the
presidency but his party and his
coalition loses the majority in
parliament what kind of political future
can turkey look forward to if there is
if the presidency is from held by
president aired on and you have a
controlled parliament you will get a lot
much more in fighting political
instability and greater economic
volatility in Turkey unfortunately a
Turkish political culture does not
encourage consensus building it's very a
combative divide and rule style of
politics we've seen that practiced by
president aired on really during his 16
years in power and also we've also seen
the opposition unfortunately also
personalised politics personalised
attacks and also try to out a bit
present aired on with their economic
populist agenda so unfortunately this
means that at the end we'll see a lot of
infighting yes it will lead to some
checks and balances against overreach by
present aired on I think in the in
immediate and in the immediate term
we'll see a greater political
instability and possibly new elections
not in perhaps within a year all right
that's one possible scenario Oscar I'm
quite interested in having a look a
little bit more closely at the results
from the 2017 referendum it was a narrow
victory for president Edwin wasn't it
which which allowed him basically to put
forward these enhanced presidential
powers to change the system from a
parliamentary one to a presidential
executive system it was such a narrow
vote I'm just wondering whether the
reservations that were thereby expressed
will have an influence over the way
people decide to go to the polls now
well that's an interesting question I
think that actually affects the
opposition more than it affects the
pro-government people because there for
the Justice and Development Party
electorate it's already a gun conclusion
they voted for this constitutional
change and it passed and that's that but
the opposition's promise
is to roll back the change and go back
to the parliamentary system and actually
they are trying to motivate and mobilize
their electorate based on that promise
so there's a lot of talking about this
the new system the new executive
presidential system but in terms of its
effects on tomorrow's vote I would say
that that debate actually helps the
opposition more than the government
because the opposition is still very
dissatisfied about this change and the
opposition parties actually all of them
actually promise their voters that if
you vote for us we will change that we
will roll back that change and we will
go back to the parliamentary system and
fattie we come to the issue of the
Kurdish population 10 to 15 percent of
the overall Turkish population the the
heartland being in in the southeast of
the country they are often portrayed and
they are particularly in this election
portrayed as the kingmaker they have the
ability to take away that majority for
the AK Party in Parliament that's only
if the pro-kurdish Peoples democracy
party was able to cross the 10 percent
threshold to secure representation in
Parliament if they're unable to cross
that 10 percent threshold then those
seats will go to the to the competitive
competing party the Justice and
Development Party and they will as a
result gain a majority in parliament the
question mark now is whether there will
be the integrity of the ballot box there
are certain reservations now that
perhaps if there if that perhaps that
there might be some some uncertain
activities played by the government
where the ballot boxes particular in the
southeastern part of the Kurdish
dominate southeastern part of the
country
after the electoral law was changed in
March of this year
to enable such such activities to be
undertaken but provided as a free and
fair as a fair election then it all
matters it it will depend on whether the
the
- party was able to cross the 10%
threshold right and Martine the image of
the leader of the HDP the pro-kurdish
party cell a teen Damir - sitting in
jail because that's where he's actually
contesting the election from is not a
great look is it it's not a great look
and it speaks to the critics of
President
Edwyn as to the closing down of the
political space that he has overseen
during his time in office yeah that
that's true it's not a it's not a nice
picture to see that one of the
presidential candidates is in prison but
we have another political picture that
in spite of all these calls HTP a party
they do they couldn't or they didn't so
far cut their relationship with the out
loved PKK the sort he is also accused
because of his support for the PKK not
because of any other political
activities even during the election
campaigns the co-chairman of the party
and many others they call for the for
freedom for you Jalan and many other
things still they they use they use this
a non political language
unfortunately the therefore it's a
problem and it will continue to be a
problem for Turkish political system
therefore many Kurds now especially
after the the last three years of these
security measures inside of Turkey and
outside of Turkey towards PKK and its
affiliate groups created a kind of trust
for some right and potentially because
of during the resolution process
pro-government Kurds were left alone in
the region I'm afraid we have a
polarized picture but still the votes is
divided between the two parties all
right
I'm afraid I have to jump in there
because we are out of time gentlemen
thank you all very
indeed Martin Ataman Fadi hakura and
Oscar özdemir thank you all very much
indeed and of course thank you for
watching the program you can see it
again anytime you like I going to the
website aljazeera.com should you want
further discussion as I'm sure you will
you can go to our Facebook page that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ inside
story and there's always the
Twittersphere our handle is at AJ inside
story I'm at Martine Dennis from the
whole team here in Dover it's bye for
now
you
