hello I'm Sammy Savin this is counting
the cost and aljazeera your weekly look
at the world of business and economics
this week why a stronger dollar is
becoming a headache for developing
market economies also this week digital
addicts we look at how the tech industry
uses psychology to design products we
can't put down plus a major setback for
Libya's oil industry is fighting in the
old Crescent puts future production at
risk the prospect of a trade war slowing
down the world's economy means investors
have been reassessing where to put their
money in recent weeks developing market
currencies like the Turkish lira and
Argentina's peso have fallen to their
weakest levels in months against the US
dollar for the first time the Fed is the
only major central bank raising interest
rates and that's lending support to the
dollar but a central bank conference in
Portugal this week the US Federal
Reserve Chairman said the case remains
strong for more us rate hikes and that
means trouble ahead for those countries
borrowing in dollars after the end of
the global financial crisis record low
interest rates in the US meant many
developing nations borrowed in dollars
now as the dollar Rises it's costing
those developing countries a lot more to
repay their debts for economists it's
raising alarm bells joining us from
London is Timothy ash Timothy is a
senior emerging markets sovereign
strategist with london-based Blue Bay
Asset Management good to have you with
us so whether it's because of a trade
war or because of the interest rate
hikes in the u.s. is the dollar now set
to strengthen further well it's a big
question and certainly it's been hurting
emerging markets against the backdrop of
a Fed tightening and title Obol
acquittee i think the consensus is
beginning to emerge that basically the
trade was the dollar probably will end
up being a way
from that I mean that's been the the
view over the last couple of weeks I
think helped also by the assumption of
weakness in eurozone and obviously euro
has been a bit of downward pressure not
helped by politics in in Italy and then
obviously I'm ongoing at the moment all
the immigration concerns or immigration
battles in Europe as well but it does
look like the dollar is on an
appreciating trend yeah does that mean
then that debt stress for developing
economies which borrowed in dollars
that's more of that is now inevitable
well it means more pressure I mean you
know we enter the year in a Goldilocks
scenario for emerging markets or
appeared that way with DM central bank's
tightening but moderately but the
assumption was that global growth would
stay pretty robust and as long as global
growth stayed fine then on the revenue
side emerging market countries will be
more than able to cope with with higher
DM and US rates
I think what's changed in terms of
perceptions has been the dollar rally
that's one thing that obviously
increases debt service costs in in in
hard currency dollars for many emerging
markets I think the other one has been
concerned about trade was and what that
means for global growth and I think
there is a sense that that global growth
is just coming off the peak and the bias
probably now is towards downside so you
put all those together you put fed
tightening dollars strength trade Wars
and prospects for global growth weaken a
bit and actually also fairly difficult
bottom up stories in many big emerging
market countries you've got elections
looming this weekend in Turkey but
you've also got elections in in Brazil
Mexico Argentina are also looming as
well as South Africa next year and
possibly Ukraine Pakistan I mean many
many countries the election India and of
those countries I mean there are some
significant reform challenges Brazil
pension reform turkeys got a overheating
story that needs addressing Mexico
obviously concerns around after you know
and South Africa you know we have a new
administration under Cyril Ramaphosa but
still lots of inherited
from J consumer to be resolved so you
know very challenging environments I
think at the moment for emerging markets
and on that point I mean particularly
some of the last points you mentioned
there the sort of domestic economic
problems
coupled with the global growth rate no
longer generating the sort of revenue
for developing economies that would help
them to manage a higher dollar repayment
debt cost does that mean you know we
think about the there were several
countries that borrowed heavily when
interest rates were low how global a
problem could we see is this potentially
going to become a domino effect
unlike the mid 90s all our 97-98 crises
in Asia you know we don't have that many
countries are there less countries now
with fixed exchange rates and less
countries are trying to defend them and
that's positive it's a scary new
environment thank you so much Timothy
ash though my pleasure still to come on
counting the costs electronic waste
recycling for Thailand it's a booming
industry but if it isn't handled
correctly it could be an environmental
disaster in the making but first more
than one and a half million Russians
have signed an online petition against
the government's pension reforms that
proposal aims to raise the pension age
from 55 to 63 for women and from 60 to
65 for men the bill was submitted to
Parliament last Thursday
bori challon's reports from Moscow well
pension reform is something that
flooding mir putin's various governments
have been putting off for years and
years and years in fact in 2005 Putin
said that pension ages would never be
raised while he was president currently
Russia's retirement ages are below 60
for men and just 55 for women those are
a legacy of the Soviet years they were
come up with in 1932 when life
expectancy in the country was just 35
for men and 40 for women it's still
pretty low by European standards but it
has doubled since those times so now
there's unsustainable pressure on the
state pension fund and the government
obviously feels a thing that
now the time is right for some reform
presidential elections in March are
safely out of the way but they still
chose the first day of the World Cup to
sneak this this plan out they know that
it's a very unpopular thing to do in
fact in a recent poll 92% of Russians
said they were against it the plan is
for retirement ages to be raised to 65
for men and 63 for wind for women that
will be done over the next decade and a
half the Kremlin is wisely saying that
Vladimir Putin is not actually involved
in this pension reform it's a government
thing they will be watching very very
closely for public reaction and if there
is any sign that this is going to bring
big crowds out onto the streets then
perhaps they might roll some of this
back fighting has erupted in Libya's oil
Crescent it's damaged the country's main
oil exporting terminals located in the
northeast of the country oil exports are
a vital source of revenue for the
country the fighting has suspended those
exports though the political situation
in Libya is fragmented but up until this
month oil was being produced Libyan oil
is sold internationally through the
National Oil Company which is under the
control of the un-backed government in
Tripoli Libya also has a rival
government in Tobruk the fighting is
between two armed groups it's taking
place in northeastern Libya at the
Rossler new furnace Sidra terminals
Libya has Africa's largest proven crude
oil reserves the ninth largest globally
for OPEC member Libya the worry is that
a protracted battle will damage the oil
fields themselves and impact even future
production the National Oil Corporation
is looking at options to divert some oil
exports to alternative terminals as
output is impacted the World Health
Organization has listed addiction to
electronic and video games as a mental
health disorder the controversial
decision has left the gaming industry at
odds with scientists Paul Chatterjee an
reports
in this virtual universe made up of
zeros and ones dense purple storm clouds
shroud the planet ninety-eight percent
of the world's population has
disappeared and zombies rise to attack
remaining humans so much fun that the
mass online phenomena called fortnight
is consuming hundreds of millions of
players around the world while the goal
of the game is to battle for the
survival of humanity
some people's fragile psyche may not
survive these all-consuming digital
games we have been reviewing the
evidence for the gaming behavior as a
disorder for last several years the
World Health Organization's decision to
label addiction to digital and video
games as a mental health disorder puts
it at odds with gaming industry
organizations its reference guide of
recognized and diagnoseable diseases
describes the addiction as a pattern of
persistent or recurrent gaming behavior
that becomes so extensive it takes
precedence over other life interests the
person whose is control over the gaming
and it knows other essential activities
like sleep like eating like taking part
in education or work and and and that
harms the person and in spite of the
harm the person continues with gaming
parents have been concerned about the
endless hours their children have spent
in front of their consoles since the
advent of Atari and pong now they have
science as their weapon to limit the
time their children spend gaming
the w-h-o says only a small number of
people who play digital and video games
would develop a mental health disorder
but early warning signs can help prevent
it and while the makers of fortnight are
expected to earn more than four billion
dollars this year
addiction to gaming is creating
Gaming addiction treatment programs
which may even be more lucrative for
insurance companies and health care
providers now that gaming addiction is
considered a mental health disorder why
this smartphone social media and
computer games keep us hooked well
they're designed to the tech industry
uses human psychology and calls it
behavior design or persuasive
tech companies don't conceal this Apple
readily admits its products are
addictive it's even designing an app to
help you use your phone less the average
person checks their phone a hundred and
fifty times a day psychologists though
are beginning to describe the deliberate
engineering of addiction as an unethical
practice and some within the tech
industry want higher standards - but in
the mean time for a tech company in the
attention economy the more time a user
spends online equals more money from ad
revenue and that revenue hit a record
eighty eight billion dollars in 2017
joining me now from London is dr. Jamie
Woodcock Jamie is a researcher at the
Oxford internet Institute good to have
you with us so first of all how is human
psychology used in digital design well I
think what we've seen is many attempts
to introduce ways as you as you
mentioned to capture people's attention
and I think it's no surprise really that
these kind of psychological aspects are
being included but I think one of the
ones we have to point to as being
particularly problematic is the use of
gambling or gambling like aspects in in
video games for example to get users not
only hooked but also it can cost them a
lot of money - give us some examples of
how popular apps and social media
platforms use psychology than other than
the gambling games you've referred to I
mean I think many of these are around
feedback loops that are introduced into
into these platforms these build on
well-known effects about you know
dopamine loops and so on that you you
know you get a rush with a particular
kind of interaction and I think many you
know many software platforms put
games as well try to mobilize this to
keep users on the platform and
ultimately this becomes not so that you
share information or you communicate or
you get time to play but to keep people
hooked on a platform to make money from
it well you're in a university are our
students and people being taught how to
use human psychology and some of these
techniques that you're talking about so
I'm I'm a sociologist by training so I
think one of the things that we try to
teach students is a critical approach to
these kinds of forms of media the
perhaps we can look beyond these kind of
psychological aspects well I'm trying to
blame you personally but I mean in
generally in institutions educational
institutions and universities is that
where it starts that people are taught
these techniques I mean I think so and I
think you know one of the aspects here
that we really need to talk about is
gamification and this is where like you
know psychological understandings of
these feedback loops are being
introduced into more and more aspects of
our lives so it's no longer just on
social media or just when you're playing
video games being a DZ used at work or
they used to keep you exercising and I
think we need to ask questions about you
know is it right that these things are
used to to convince us to do things is
it ethical so I think this is a this is
the big question right now isn't it how
I thik elicit and I think you know in a
way many of these kinds of platforms and
kinds of games can be incredibly
persuasive but in a sense for a company
making these products of course they're
going to do this you know it's been a
long history of trying to make buying
products from a company persuasive I
think what we have to do is have
conversations about you know how
manipulative these things can be and
particularly when it involves money I
think part of this you know as as an
academic is teaching people to think
critically about the way they use these
kind of platforms well other than
teaching people how to think critically
I mean now that the w-h-o is talking
about mental health issues
should there be regulation so I mean
nothing there you know there already is
regulation of various kinds you know
particularly what does the need to be
video games
and perhaps an admirer different in many
ways yeah I think in many ways this is
kind of it's a new story but it's also
an old story so when we have you know
new forms of media that are being used
by children that perhaps their parents
don't understand or didn't use
themselves
we often get these kind of moral panics
you know today it's fortnight you know
in previous years it was you know
staying up watching TV all night or you
know watching online videos or or
reading books with you know trashy
content or whatever it is and I think
one of the biggest biggest things we
could do to move this debate forward is
you know rethink the relationship that
technology plays between between
families so if parents are worried about
fortnight perhaps they should you know
play it with their children to give them
an experience of it because it's not
that the media itself is inherently
problematic it's that there are
problematic uses of it so this should be
a sort of family level regulation you
don't see a role for the industry itself
I don't know psychologists getting
involved in in sort of the programming
design stage and that sort of thing I
mean I think there's one aspect that
does need regulation and that's the use
of gambling in video games so the use of
loot boxes or other techniques that are
involving gambling being targeted at
people who are underage who might not
understand the risks of gambling but
that's something where you know we have
the regulation for this it's just a
matter of the regulation being applied
properly alright we're talking about
some of these terms like loot boxes and
feedback loops I mean what sort of
negative side effects are they producing
in human behavior let's explain them and
demystify some of these terms a little
bit so I think you know with with
feedback loops this is something that's
not necessarily a problem this is
something where somebody gains some kind
of enjoyment and they're able to go
through that process so it's you know
it's going on Twitter and finding that
your your tweet has been liked and and
retweeted a whole number of times or
it's you know winning in a in a video
game so these things are not that's not
necessarily problematic but I think when
these things are tied into gamble
aspects so a loot box is essentially a
reward in a video game where the
contents of it is randomized and so
people don't know what they're going to
get when they they open it up and often
this can become problematic because
we've booked and then by additional
attempts to win what they want and that
is a way of mobilizing that feeling of
you know winning something of some
positive feedback and tying it into you
know small purchases or keeping people
on the game which is do it what is it
doing to people is it simply that it's
keeping people glued to their phones or
is it doing something deeper to human
psychology so I think you know there are
arguments that you know the use of these
new kinds of media are changing the way
we think or attention span or so on but
you know in a way technology has always
had these kinds of effects it changes
how we think and it changes what we do
and what I worry about is you know that
we think that the the entire media forum
is a problem you know it's true there
are cases where people are becoming
addicted to these these games and so on
but the vast majority of the use is not
like that so I think we have to be
careful in in kind of you know over kind
of generalizing the use of these forms
of media and I find the one about you
know the shift towards artificial
intelligence is something that you know
we're all talking about and I'm
wondering whether technology will be
even more able to manipulate human
psychology in the future because of
artificial intelligence for a profit of
course so so I think this is a really
interesting question you know present
you know artificial intelligence has
been used in a whole number of new
domains you know looking over legal
documents in in medical uses and so on
the psychology remains quite a difficult
thing to to program because people are
contradictory and you know have
conflicting emotions and all these
manner of things I think really the
question we need to be asking is if it's
likely that AI could be used to
manipulate people why are we not having
a larger conversation about what AI
could be used for that could benefit
people because I think it's kind of just
Oh pian future where AI is used to trick
us and convince us to spend more money
and so on when we could be using
technology for for much better things
all right interesting thanks so much for
your thoughts on that
Apple's been fine six and a half million
dollars for misinforming Australian
customers about their faulty iPhones
the tech giant refuses to fix phones and
iPads that have been serviced by third
parties but it failed to tell Australian
customers about the policy Apple
admitted misleading hundreds of them
Andrew Thomas is in Sydney with more
this was an issue that affected 5,000
people in Australia in 2015 or 2016
they had Apple iPhones or iPads they
downloaded the latest software only to
find that that immediately generated an
error 53 message which stopped their
device from working entirely but when
those people took their products into an
Apple shop like this one they were told
that they'd got the error 53 message
because it revealed that they had taken
their device at some point to an
unauthorized repairer an Apple said that
as a result of that they had no
obligation to repair it or replace it
well australia's can seem a regulator
has said no just because somebody takes
a branded product to an unauthorized
repair does not invalidate all of
australia's consumer protection
legislation and that Apple as a result
has to replace all the broken phones and
pay a 9 million Australian dollar fine
that's about 6 million US dollar fine
well this was an issue that affected
people all over the world so Australia
is unlikely to be the last place where
Apple faces such a fine
and finally recycling firms in Thailand
are importing more electronic waste than
they're allowed to and processing it in
illegal factories Scott high blow
reports from Bangkok police officers
gather at a factory gate just outside
Bangkok they send up a drone to take a
peek inside before scaling the wall and
going in this is the latest in a series
of raids on electronic waste factories
for the past month the authorities have
been cracking down on illegal operations
and investigating imported e-waste some
companies are bringing in more than
their authorized to import and using
illegal factories like this one it's the
largest rate of its kind yet at least
estimate that there are 6,000 tons of
illegal waste in the sprawling compound
only 7 company they can import but now
we found out that five of seven they
import not directly to the factory but
to another a leak on factory but
importers have now had their licenses
suspended for a year
intelligence gained on previous raids
led police here to this plastic facility
it's not even registered to do this kind
of work now this is a stack of old
router fronts now there are thousands of
stacks like this on this facility and
it's clear that this particular one came
from overseas on the back of them there
is a sticker with an American customer
service number on it customs officials
say that the import of plastic material
for recycling including a waste totals
200,000 tons for just the first five
months of this year that's double the
amount for all of last year I believe
that it results from the ban from China
in the importation to their country so
the the exporting country tend to find
some other countries to send to and
Thailand might be one of those countries
environmental group Greenpeace also
thinks the Chinese ban has led to an
increase
they're concerned with the contamination
electronic waste causes heavy metal and
water and soil and airborne toxins but
the more immediate concern there's no
specific law that deals directly with a
waste management so take into account
the dumping of electronic weird from at
the country that means we don't have
capacity we don't have fertility and we
don't have infrastructure to to do that
he says there's enough domestic waste to
keep the current businesses open so
there's no economic reason for Thailand
to take in other countries garbage and
that's our show for this week but
remember you can get in touch with us
via Twitter use the hashtag a JCTC when
you do or drop us an email counting the
cost at al jazeera dotnet is our address
there's more for you online to at
aljazeera.com slash CTC that'll take you
straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on that's
it for this edition of counting the cost
I'm Sam is a then for the whole team
here thanks for joining us the news on
al Jazeera is next
you
