this is the first time government forces
have used barrel bombs in daraa
in a year helicopters struck several
villages in what appears to be a major
advance to take over the city but this
violates a truce that was brokered by
Russia and the United States in efforts
to bring an end to the seven-year war
the Americans have wound of serious
repercussions if the offensive continues
and the rebels who are losing ground
remain defiant we don't recognize
Assad's Authority he has destroyed our
cities and killed our people
he destroyed Syria to stay in power we
will never recognize him and we reject
the presence of Iranian and Afghan
militias it's only Syrians who should
decide the future of the country the
Syrian army is massing troops in the
area the opposition says thousands of
Shia militias are also moving in Daraa
was the focal point of the Syrian
uprising in 2011 but in recent years the
rebels have been retreating they now
control one neighborhood in the city and
a few areas on the border with Jordan
this is a show force by the Free Syrian
Army in there are four years the FSA was
trained and armed by the US Europe and
Gulf countries but that support has
diminished over the last few years
anti-assad forces are largely outgunned
and outnumbered the DAR how offensive
poses challenges for all the parties the
rebels cannot afford another setback
after being evicted from major song
halls including Aleppo Homs and on the
outskirts of Damascus but if the Syrian
army's push continues the US may
interfere and that may trigger a
escalation hammer al Jazeera
