violence is common in Papua New Guinea's
Highlands region but the last week has
been particularly bad gangs wielding
machetes and guns looted warehouses
burned buildings and a plane al Jazeera
is unable to verify this footage but it
was provided by a usually reliable
source this video is said to show
rioters inside the country's biggest
resources project a liquefied natural
gas plant run by ExxonMobil most of the
violence was triggered by a disputed
election result William paui a member of
the governing People's National Congress
party was declared governor of the
southern highlands last year but his
opponents did not feel the electoral
process had been fair for the first time
in history where the result was not even
completed the election process was not
even completed and you had a declaration
midterm amid process there was a legal
challenge but last week the court found
in favor of power and the violence
followed we are moving to labeling what
has happened as criminal efforts
labeling the people who have done this
as uncivilized or a stag's I don't think
this is the right way to approach this
situation opposition views this has made
no confidence
in the leadership in certain helots
province particularly and more so the
leadership demonstrated by the Prime
Minister
an opposition is now calling on the
prime minister to resign but instead the
Prime Minister Peter O'Neill who this
week met China's President Xi Jingping
has declared a nine-month states of
emergency imposing a nighttime curfew in
a city of Mende and sending in the
military and special police units but
this is a similar problems in the past
but these problems come at a difficult
time earlier this year the same region
was hit by a major earthquake and this
November Papua New Guinea will host the
biggest event in its history the
asia-pacific Economic Cooperation or
APEC summit while that's on in the
capital much of the country will still
be under a state of emergency Andrew
Thomas al Jazeera Sydney
