a line of more than 500 people wait
outside a passport control office in the
Nicaraguan Capitol desperate for a
chance to flee violence in the country
many of these people have spent several
nights sleeping outside these doors the
youth of this country are cannon fodder
for the government we want our children
to leave here until this crisis we're
living is over confrontations between
government forces and anti-government
protesters have left scores of people
dead since the start of the political
crisis two months ago as yet another
government offensive began in Messiah
Bishop's from the Catholic Church rushed
to the city in an attempt to intervene
and briefly bring a pause to the
violence the Catholic Archdiocese of
Managua has been mediating a national
dialogue between civil society and
President Ortega Rolando alvarez a
bishop who has been moderating the peace
talks says the people of Nicaragua have
lost faith in the dialogue this is the
beginning of a new repression a new
massacre a slaughter of the Nicaraguan
people obviously under these conditions
we cannot renew the dialogue on the
other hand we urgently need the
President to announce whether or not he
will accept our call for early elections
despite the ongoing crackdown against
dissenters peaceful protests still take
place every day student demonstrators
say the only way out of the crisis is
president Ortegas resignation we are
where we are there's no turning back for
us
we cannot allow impunity we cannot allow
this to continue with no end in sight to
the conflict nicaragua's central
migration offices are overflowing with
passport applications as many as 7,000
people stand in these lines every day
international organizations have
announced that a mission will soon be
sent to investigate alleged human rights
abuses in the country but in the absence
of a national dialogue to bring a
temporary peace the only recourse many
Nicaraguans feel they have is to flee
monopolies al Jazeera Managua
