all she wanted was a better life
Jennifer and her three children an 18
month old 6 and 3 year old were all
arrested last week after crossing into
the United States and asking for asylum
she tells me she fled the political
violence and lack of opportunity back
home in Nicaragua a judge let her out of
jail but she's not free her crime
illegally crossing the US border a
zero-tolerance policy Jennifer her
children and many others have been
staying at this small shelter run by the
Catholic Church in McAllen Texas
Jennifer did not want to be interviewed
on camera and she did not want her last
name used she's scared but in many ways
she's lucky she doesn't understand why
her children were not separated from her
like the more than 2,300 other children
that were there Donald Trump's
zero-tolerance immigration policy for
asylum seekers those children remain in
shelter detention centers and nobody
seems to know how or when they will be
reunited also in McAllen was first lady
Melania Trump visiting one such shelter
which had taken in several children
separated from their parents due to her
husband's hardline policy but her show
of compassion is being overshadowed by
the jacket she wore on the plane on the
way to Texas
Trump spokesperson admits it was a
jacket just like this one with the words
I really don't care do you but not to
read anything into it civil rights
activists also visiting McAllen were
less concerned about the first lady's
attire more concerned about president
Trump's executive order - in separations
at the border which they say is now too
little too late this is one of the most
immoral unthinkable acts that I've seen
and he's done some despicable things
this is near the top of the list we're
here a day after there was an executive
order which relieved a very very little
of the current crisis
it's temporary it's not a permanent
solution as for Jennifer she's been
holding on to her faith the future
uncertain but grateful she at least has
her children
Gabe Rose Ando al Jazeera McAllen Texas
