this was one of the most defining
moments in Saudi Arabia in recent times
the king sacks his nephew and Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Nayef and appoint
his son Mohammed bin Salman as heir to
the throne what happened next
included a series of dramatic decisions
by the young prince who wasted no time
consolidating his grip on power Mohammed
bin Salman jailed senior members of the
royal family businessman and government
officials on corruption charges but the
sweeping campaign of arrests spread too
outspoken reformers clerics and human
rights activists Mohammed bin Salman
holds many portfolios as defense
minister he is the man in charge of the
military campaign in Yemen the war has
claimed the lives of thousands of
civilians and caused one of the worst
humanitarian crises in the world when it
happened originally I don't think he
anticipated it to go as long it was
perceived and seen and sold to him as a
sharp air operation that's gonna take
few days maximum few weeks in support
was supported by the United States the
British the French everybody else when
Salman says he wants to change his
country he has sidelined the
Conservatives
opened up cinemas and relaxed
restrictions on musical performances his
biggest project so far is his vision
2030 an ambitious plan to diversify the
Saudi economy and and heavy reliance on
oil revenues but skeptics warn checking
up Saudi Arabia won't be an easy task in
a country long dominated by the
Conservatives last year the crown prince
played a leading role in the blockade
imposed by Saudi Arabia UAE Bahrain and
Egypt or neighbouring Qatar bin Salman
has dismissed attempts at mediation by
the Emir of Kuwait and President Trump
insisting pata meets a list of demands
doha reject those demands as a violation
of its sovereignty hash Barbarella
al-jazeera
