this is one of at least ten camps for
internally displaced Libyans in the
capital close to 400 families have been
living here for nearly seven years they
will force it from their hometown of the
Hurva for supporting deposed leader
Muammar al-gaddafi
omar mafia has a large family and can
only find part-time work this camp is
cramped
I live with my two wives and 17 children
in only two rooms it's very tough it's
not getting any better the United
Nations refugee agency is setting up aid
projects nationwide to alleviate the
suffering of displaced people we have as
we speak
300 with impact projects around this
country several million dollars worth of
project and I came to Libya also with a
view to increase to expand this prod
filippo grandi says there are about two
hundred thousand displaced people in
Libya Libyans in this camp have recently
been given permission to return home
following the reconciliation deal with
the rivals and the city of Misrata but
they don't know when that will be
because reconstruction work needs to be
completed first and that could take
months there are also other internally
displaced people who cannot go back home
it is those 33,000 families have been
displaced from Benghazi
since warlord halifa after launch it his
military campaign in eastern Libya
they include Fatima leo she's lived in
Tripoli for three years he's some terms
out of nowhere the owner of the house
could just where you just they tell you
I'm not renting the house anymore you
have to leave you know you just think
everyday what's gonna happen I mean I
feel like sometimes a stranger you know
here I mean like there's no support
whatsoever from the government Omar and
thousands of others continue to rely on
humanitarian assistance until they are
finally allowed home for Fatima and her
family going home is a distant dream
they need a political breakthrough and
peace muhammad abdul wahid al jazeera
Tripoli
