at the martyrs day memorial Eritrea's
president honored those killed during
its war of independence from Ethiopia
and welcomed an olive branch extended to
his country from Ethiopia's new Prime
Minister GOP is now at a turning point
it remains a priority for us to be
actively engaged for this reason we will
send a delegation to Addis Ababa and
come up with a plan for future action
eretrians fought and won independence
from Ethiopia in 1993 but the two sides
went to war again in 1998 over the
demarcation line between the two
neighbors more than 80,000 people were
killed the losses incurred and time
wasted have been huge but as the damage
accumulated and things became
increasingly unbearable it spurred the
wrath and rebellion in the people of
Ethiopia who said enough is enough the
UN brokered a peace deal the two
countries signed in algiers in 2000 but
neither side has observed the troops
strict military conscription laws have
prompted thousands of young men to flee
from Eritrea's Red Sea coastline for
Europe Israel and other African
countries
Ethiopia's new prime minister offered to
start talks with Eritrea two weeks ago
since we are the largest and oldest
country in the African continent our
people must understand that Ethiopia
should take the responsibility of taking
the first step towards peace with Asmara
and that we are also responsible for the
stability in the region
let the trains and the buses start
between the two nations and let us
restore the ties between our ear Etrian
and Ethiopian people I'll be Ahmed is a
war veteran and fought in Bodmin one of
the disputed towns now obby says he's
ready to acknowledge that all disputed
areas belong to Eritrea diplomats are
welcoming what they say is a new chapter
of peace and reconciliation between
Eritrean and Ethiopian people some in
the Ethiopian ruling coalition however
believe the move is flawed but for now
leaders of the two countries appear to
be ready to find a path toward peace
Paul Trudeau G on al Jazeera
