this seems to be more questions than
answers
they call it divorce in the desert
high-profile investment conference that
attracts some of the biggest names in
global finance only now several
significant figures have announced they
won't be attending and key media
partners have withdrawn they cite
serious concerns over reports that
journalist Jamal khashoggi may have been
murdered in the Saudi consulate in
Istanbul billionaire Richard Branson has
announced he suspended all business
relationships with the kingdom and
questioned future involvement one of the
most surprising withdrawals the head of
uber the ride-sharing services
significant Saudi investment and the
Saudi government representative sits on
the board in a statement data coral Shah
he says I'm very troubled by the reports
to date about Jamal khashoggi we are
following the situation closely and
unless a substantially different set of
fact emerges I won't be attending the
FII conference in Riyadh but the US
Treasury Secretary is among those still
planning to attend for now I am planning
on going at this point if more
information comes out and changes we
could look at that but I am planning on
going it the conference is part of Saudi
Arabia's ambitious 2030 program a plan
by comb Prince Mohammed bin Salman to
reshape the country's economy to become
less reliant on oil foreign investment
is hugely important to the plant and
this mini boycott could be alarming to
many in Saudi government circles we know
that is 2030 vision is based on foreign
investments and if these foreign
investment firms choose not to invest
then it can put the entire project that
he has championed himself at risk and in
the Washington Post on Friday a
full-page advert from the newspaper
itself demanding answers from Saudi
Arabia after the disappearance of its
columnist
I'd say the Saudi embassy a number of
groups calling for stronger action
against the kingdom gathered for Friday
prayers the Ambassador is currently back
in Riyadh the US government says when he
returns he must bring some answers Alan
Fisher al Jazeera Washington
