the president went to Capitol Hill to
discuss immigration as the crisis on the
southern border escalates as he went
into a meeting with members of his own
Republican Party Democrats staged a
protest outside there are a number of
bills doing the roans which deal with
various immigration issues Trump wants
an end to children being separated from
the pimps and funds for his promised
border wall so while he wants a
comprehensive deal the problem is there
isn't comprehensive support now
Republicans in the Senate are working on
Nataly focused legislation on just the
separation issue Congress can step in
and pass this this week I'm in urging
Congress we could fix this problem we
can fix this and I've been speaking with
both Republicans and Democrats we can
come together we ought to all be united
and say of course kids should be with
their parents but Democrats aren't ready
to help a president out of a crisis that
they insist he created with his own
policies president Trump if you're truly
ashamed of what's happening at the
border get your team together and undo
this shameful policy immediately which
you can do with a flick of the pen
there's no need for legislation there's
no need for anything else you can do it
mr. president you started it you can
stop it after a little more than an hour
Donald Trump left Capitol Hill who
didn't take questions during the meeting
but told this party he would sign any
immigration deal that got House and
Senate approval he said this is an
opportunity for us to be compassionate
but also stand for security and he said
you put security and daca fix together
you're looking at a very strong like 80
percent issue there is a clear consensus
across the House and the Senate to
address the immigration issue here are
the two big problems first of all there
isn't a clear idea of what will get
enough support to pass and while the
president says he'll sign any bill that
emerges he has changed his mind in the
past meanwhile critics continue to say
that
happening on the southern border is
cruel unacceptable and unamerican
Alan Fisher al Jazeera on Capitol Hill
in Washington
