these are Kenya's new government doctors
Cuban medical specialists will be
deployed to some of the country's most
understaffed and ill-equipped public
hospitals local doctors are angry one
took action saying the process was
flawed and arguing there are almost 200
specialists in Kenya who are unemployed
and even those in work are not being
paid as much as the Cubans each of these
cutters we are speaking of they have AI
in this country the question they argue
is that is about numbers that is fine
we even agree that hundred doctors
cannot help the whole process that is
true but what we are saying is the
process of hiring these doctors at
higher scale of salary it is abusive to
the rights of doctors here the decision
to hire foreign doctors stems from the
government's frustration over frequent
doctor strikes including one last year
that lasted for a hundred days and
caused major disruption to services in
public hospitals George moti saw
struggles to get the specialized care he
needs he often has to travel from his
rural home to this hospital on the
outskirts of the capital he told us it
has taken him four days to see a
specialist
the situation is was in with his home
town some rural hospitals have not had a
specialist in years the doctor-patient
ratio in the country is one to seven and
a half thousand that's seven times more
than the WHI recommendation of one to a
thousand we a memorandum of
understanding that will get some Cuban
doctor to complicate help us region here
our health delivery system in a way that
we can prepare effectively for universal
health coverage the Court has dismissed
the case by the doctor to block the
hiring of the specialists from
the doctor says that he's going to feel
some Kenyans are happy with the new
arrivals they say that patients who can
only afford public health care need all
the help they can get but they also know
that this doctors need adequate medical
supplies and proper equipment to be able
to do their jobs well Catherine soy
al-jazeera
Nairobi
