in this virtual universe made up of
zeros and ones dense purple storm clouds
shroud the planet ninety-eight percent
of the world's population has
disappeared and zombies rise to attack
remaining humans it's very fast-paced
and keeps you engaged the whole so much
fun that the mass online phenomena
called fortnight is consuming hundreds
of millions of players around the world
while the goal of the game is to battle
for the survival of humanity
some people's fragile psyche may not
survive these all-consuming digital
games we have been reviewing the
evidence for the gaming behavior as a
disorder for last several years the
World Health Organization's decision to
label addiction to digital and video
games as a mental health disorder puts
it at odds with gaming industry
organisations its reference guide of
recognized and diagnoseable diseases
describes the addiction as a pattern of
persistent or recurrent gaming behavior
that becomes so extensive it takes
precedence over other life interests the
person whose is control over the gaming
and it knows other essential activities
like sleep like eating like taking part
in education or work and and and that
harms the person and in spite of the
harm the person continues with gaming
parents have been concerned about the
endless hours their children have spent
in front of their consoles since the
advent of Atari and pong now they have
science as their weapon to limit the
time their children spend gaming the
w-h-o says only a small number of people
who play digital and video games would
develop a mental health disorder but
early warning signs can help prevent it
and while the makers of fortnight are
expected to earn more than four billion
dollars this year
addiction to gaming is creating
gaming addiction treatment programs
which may even be more lucrative for
insurance companies and healthcare
providers now that gaming addiction is
considered a mental health disorder
while chatterjee on al-jazeera
