the children are heard crying for their
mama and papa
over and over and over again this audio
recording released by a civil rights
lawyer reportedly comes from the inside
of a u.s. Border Patrol detention
facility it purports to be the first
uncensored glimpse of what children
forcibly separated from their parents at
the border are experiencing at the hands
of the American government
this is so heartbreaking it's soap
challenges the conscience of our country
that it must be changed must be changed
immediately the Trump administration has
separated at least 2,000 children from
their parents since mid-april the kids
are sent to detention centers to wait
asylum hearings while the adults are
processed through the criminal system
sentenced and sometimes deported they
are fleeing such horrific violence and
rape the kinds of conditions that every
single one of us would run from in order
to protect our children and our families
responding to the growing criticism from
Democrats and civil rights leaders Trump
remained defiant in a tweet the
president referenced the refugee crisis
overseas falsely claiming crime in
germany is way up big mistake all over
europe and allowing millions of people
in who have so strongly and violently
changed their culture in fact the number
of crimes in Germany last year fell to
the lowest in 25 years
but administration officials further
defended the hardline border measure
with homeland security secretary Kirsten
Neilson putting the blame back on the
immigrant parents parents who entered
illegally are by definition criminals
illegal entry is a crime as determined
by Congress by entering our country
illegally often in dangerous
circumstances illegal immigrants have
put their children at risk Republicans
insist Democrats must join them to fund
a trumps border wall and drastically
reduced the number of legal immigrants
admitted to the country Trump says as
long as Democrats resist the border
separations will continue Heidi Joe
Castro al Jazeera Washington
