the damage to Libya's largest oil
refinery is being described as
catastrophic fighting between rival
militias has destroyed half the capacity
of Rassilon of termina Libya's National
Oil Corporation says oil leaks could
cause more fires and blames the damage
on fighters loyal to a Brahim Chadron
the main and most important goal is to
lift the injustice our tribes and
families are facing during the past two
years children run the port and other
facilities in the so-called oil Crescent
until late 2016 when the warlord Khalifa
Haftar seized control his forces are now
battling hard to regain lost territory
the US has been quick to condemn the
attacks at al Sidra and Roslin ooof in a
statement from the US Embassy and
Tripoli it calls for an immediate end to
the violence which it says is damaging
Libya's vital national infrastructure I
think we've lost somewhere in the region
of 400,000 barrels per day in an export
capacity which roughly translates there
and 800 million a month so I think it's
a substantial loss in terms of Libya's
economic ability Libya's oil exports
have reached more than 1 million barrels
a day in the past year bringing in vital
income that's despite the country being
grown by rival governments one in
Tripoli which is backed by the United
Nations the other based in the eastern
city of Al Bayda and backed by after the
damage to Ruslan oof is already likely
to cost 800 million dollars a month in
lost revenue exports have halted the
question is for how long
Mahmoud Abdul Wahid al Jazeera Tripoli
