who controls Libya's oil riches warlords
Khalifa Haftar has launched a major
offensive to drive rival groups in the
so called oil Crescent how does the
fight for the oil revenue shape Libya's
future this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program today
with me Peter Dhabi now the battle to
control the largest oil reserves in
Africa has taken a new twist which is
turning off the lifeblood of the Libyan
economy renewed fighting has shut down
oil terminals and stopped oil tankers
from loading around a quarter of a
million barrels of daily exports the
warlord halifa after has launched an
offensive to recapture that so-called
oil Crescent his forces want to
recapture the oil territory they seized
two years ago including the two biggest
oil ports afters determined to drive out
fighters who attacked Roslin ooof and
are Sidra on Thursday the fighting has
killed 28 people and warnings have been
issued to stay away the National Oil
Corporation has evacuated workers from
the terminals there Libya's oil Crescent
stretches along the Mediterranean coast
between the cities of cert and Benghazi
to the east now the region contains 80%
of Libya's estimated 45 billion barrels
of oil reserves as well as huge amounts
of gas and it contains three of Libya's
biggest oil fields plus refineries
producing about 60% of exports oil
tankers dock at five main ports
Sidra is the largest exporting four
hundred thousand barrels a day followed
by Roslin oof at 220 thousand barrels
okay let's bring in our guests today
here on Inside Story joining us from
Tripoli is Salah Elba couch a political
analyst and senior adviser to the
negotiating team of the High Council of
states from Cambridge Rhiannon Smith
managing director of Libya analysis a
consultancy research organization and
from London will be joined by Tim Eaton
research fellow in the Middle East and
North Africa program at Chatham House
welcome to you all
Sarah if I can come to you first is what
we're seeing right now just a reaction
to the latest very ugly very damaging
skirmishes or are there other dynamics
at play here well I think what's
happening at the oil Crescent it's just
a reminder for everybody that wants to
know that the struggle is not as some
try to put it between moderates
and conservatives or between secularists
and Islamists it's actually a fight over
who controls the country's resources
here we have algid Ron's forces taking
over in a similar operation as Hester's
in September 2016 hardly with a fight
took over the old Crescent after did the
same thing took it over from children in
September 2016 was condemned but then by
the USA and Great Britain and France and
I communicate joint communique and now
we have another communicate condemning
judge Ron and the and this vicious
circle continues because there is no
political solution Libya and because
certain powers including France is
appeasing after and trying to put him as
the leading figure in Libya Rhiannon how
strong or otherwise are the opposing
factions involved in this fight well so
the Holy Fathers Libyan National Army
which is the group who had controlled
both wrastlin Eve and seizure until a
couple of days ago and who are the ones
who are now pushing back they are
relatively strong they control most of
eastern Libya however the issue
currently is that hafta and his forces
are engaged in a campaign against the
city of Derna
in the far east of Libya and therefore a
lot of their forces are stretched thin
over several fronts both burna also
controlling the city in benghazi and
other parts of eastern libya so although
on paper the LNA is stronger they have
air support which makes a big difference
in their ability to push back together
and his forces they don't have the
strength they have had in previous years
and this is probably one of the reasons
why java and his forces have chosen to
strike now on the other hand jar on you
know we've seen him do these attacks
it's at last year so 2017 a similar
attack along with the benghazi defense
brigades and they were defeated they
were pushed back quite easily they don't
seem to be particularly strong however
the difference this time could be
support from the tribal elements in or
Crescent so my heart of a tribe the sort
of local power in the area and if
they're able to get the support and
maintain the support of that tribal
group that could make the difference and
that could mean this fighting could
actually be prolonged for days weeks and
potentially even longer and Tim just
take us through the economic damage here
I mean what's it doing to the economy
today and what might it do to the
economy in the future well as the first
speaker indicated the battle for
resources within Libya is a major driver
of the conflict
Libya's fragmentation on the political
and the security level has effectively
left open competition for those
resources in a number of different ways
and of course oil revenues are the
principal source of that struggle and it
should be noted that according to Libyan
state figures from 2013 to 16-under
ibrahim Jed rands previous blockade it
was estimated that that cost the country
a hundred billion dollars in that period
clearly Libya already operates above
budget deficit ten billion dollars ten
billion dinars
sorry last year so this loss of these
resources will have a deep impact and
not help the existing problems that the
country already has
we should note of course that the
National Oil Company has been Clarion in
its calls for his need for investment to
rehabilitate to reconstruct
infrastructure that had been damaged in
previous rounds of fighting in this area
and we know already that the significant
level of damage this time will further
damage that infrastructure and cause
future problems so where would the money
come from to reconstruct it these are
likely to have long-term implications on
the Libyan economy it's in one brief
point where does have to get his
resources from I mean who's backing him
who's funding him so it's somewhat
unclear but clearly the battle over the
budget to agree the budget earlier this
year went between rival actors in Libya
one of the major sticking points was
over the salaries given to her after
so-called a Libyan National Army and so
clearly it receives a degree of state
funding through that dispensation but
it's also clear that after has received
a lot of support externally Princip
from the United Arab Emirates and that's
been documented in UN reports in
addition to that the LMA and political
actors in the East have also tried to
forge economic policies so we've seen
particularly bonds been issued from
Eastern banks to ensure liquidity we've
seen dinars printed in Russia to aid the
eastern economy and also we see
indications that the LNA has tried to
emulate the Egyptian army in many ways
in terms of its revenue generating model
so we've seen the creation of an LNA
Investment Authority and we've seen
various moves by LNA actors and linked
groups to increase their revenue
generating models so it's kind of a
mixed bag in that sense solar can you
just name Danneel down for us one aspect
of the terminology here it's after is
here warlord is he a renegade general is
he a freedom fighter is he an
aspirational politician which is it
after started out in 2014 by announcing
at on television that he's taken over
his suspending the elected the general
National Congress then and his suspect
he was suspending the constitutional
declaration and that thing fizzled
within hours and his prime minister now
issued an arrest warrant for him he came
back four months later and said he's
gonna fight terrorism now in Benghazi
and then he got in a fight in Benghazi
and announced that he will quit after he
liberates Benghazi he liberated Benghazi
and now he's looking to be the president
of Libya and France France is the main
culprit in this France issued a
statement in 2016 after after took over
the the oil Crescent and called them a
military and are an armed group less
than a year later invited him to the LSA
treated him as head of state and we saw
that again on in May of this year of
this year so here we go people call it
the Libyan National Army you can call
you can call your your armed group
anything you want we saw that in Africa
in the Lord's army and the Lebanon the
the party of God and so on but the fact
is it's a military it's an armed group
and we saw the atrocities that it
committed in Benghazi and the atrocities
it is committing in Derna now and the
international community has to heed that
and make a decision maybe maybe off for
the Libyan government to to provide NATO
troops or something to guard these
facilities from children from half-turn
from anybody else
rhiannon given what we're discussing
today his desire to take and maintain
control of this oil Crescent with the
potential economic impact of that you've
already talked about Derner what happens
if the oil Crescent becomes another
donor
it doesn't donor doesn't seem to have
much strategic importance but then what
happens if donor becomes another
Benghazi yeah I mean I mean I think
first I just like to adjust a point as
well made by Saleh there that as he's
outlined you know half toe has gone from
being this essentially warlord renegade
to allow being a figure who is attending
these and high-level state meetings and
one of the key factors that enabled him
to gain this international legitimacy
was his control of the oil Crescent as
soon as he took control and had the
leverage that that gave him in the fact
that he kept the old Crescent open he
kept the ports operating that gave him a
great deal of international legitimacy
and he's been able to use that to great
effect since then so the Orcas in that
sense Geron is likely wanting to do a
similar move you know if he can control
the all Crescent ports and if he can
keep the oil flowing which he has said
this time he wants to do which it
previously hadn't done and that could
give him this kind of legitimacy after
is not going to let that happen
easily if have to lose his control of
the oil Crescent he would that would be
a big blow to his political leverage and
legitimacy de mess
and internationally but as you've
pointed out the danger with that could
be that if he kind of redirects forces
from Dharana then he could you know
fight back in the Royal Crescent and
take control there but then
Derner would the situation there would
become worse and that could be a
drawn-out situation or as you've pointed
out what we could see in the oil
crescent is protracted fighting so that
some of the people the residents in that
area could could rise up against them at
the moment these clashes haven't
affected the oil fields themselves
they've just impacted the oil ports
however if we start seeing local
protests local communities local
militias starting to side with one or
the other and then we could see more
blockades and more damage at the fields
themselves and the final thing I want to
mention in terms of how this could
really impact on a political and
conflict sort of scenario across Libya
is that if half the pushes further east
that brings him into contact with cert
and Misurata and what we could see if
there's a big long term destabilization
in the oil Crescent is that this will
touch on both East and West Libya and
actually this could prolong and and
spark off a conflict that could bring in
the whole country and it could reignite
some of the existing political and
economic device that are already present
in Libya Tim is there another global
aspect to this I guess it's a fiscal
corollary if you will in as much as the
Iran oil production industry is already
battling its way through sanctions or
trying to survive sanctions on top of
which if the oil production in Libya
begins to dip those customers that have
got the signed paperwork they've signed
the deals people like Venezuela some of
the Latin American countries they are
simply not going to get the oil on the
boats that take the oil to the people
that need it
that's true but I think there's a very
slightly unsaid dimension to this is in
the at national community whose
activities towards this some people say
that the internationals haven't done
enough I've been writing about the
growth of protection markets in Libya
the competition for resources
you know the fragmentation which allows
moves such as Jed Rahn to have such a
major impact but actually what the
international community has done in the
oil Crescent is made it clear that only
sales through the national oil company
will be permitted and certainly as
Rhiannon pointed out afters agreement
that that would be the case when he took
over the oil Crescent in 2016 garnered
him a degree of legitimacy among the
internationals so I think it's important
to note that whoever controls the oil
presence at the moment is going to have
to probably deal with Tripoli and is
going to have to deal with the Tripoli's
national oil company for sales onto the
international market
now of course the fighting around the
area could reduce those flows could
reduce exports and undoubtedly will have
an impact on on production but I think
that this is an important level of the
of the conflict because previously when
Jed run had controlled the area and
operated a blockade he had tried to sell
crude directly internationally and I
think it's telling that that resulted in
US Marines boarding the tanker and
effectively shutting that attempt down
so since that point the it's been made
clear that Libya's oil wealth at least
being sold into international markets
has been off the table for the local
actors within Libya so I think that
that's important it is going to be
important in the months to come
Sela in Tripoli could the temperature be
taken out of this if outside countries
took a step back and they froze their
relationship with a leaf after I mean he
is he has consistently over the past
year or so worked on his relationship
for example with the Kremlin so if the
Russians just said you're on your own
for the next six months would that ease
tensions in this area
well the Russians are obviously using
Libya they have no interest in
establishing bases or anything like that
they're using EB as a card they can play
for other concessions somewhere else but
but the day the danger the danger now is
that the protracted conflict in the oil
crescent and then it wouldn't matter
who's controlling it because there would
be no production going out of those
terminals the the international
community has to tell after that you are
not going to be able to Ram yourself
through the political agreement look now
what what what the international
community has a lot harder to do it
allowed after to run roughshod over the
political agreement and cancel the
political agreement signed in spirit in
December 2015 and he is now forced the
the international community and you can
look at the communique coming out of
Paris to abandon the constitutional
referendum so now we are going to do
some elections for president to satisfy
after and the Egyptians and the Emiratis
without a constitution that was approved
by two-thirds of a duly elected body in
the last year so now they're gonna allow
him to do whatever take over the east
and take over the the old Crescent
and impose his will on everybody else
and the international community makes
pronouncements and doesn't stick to it
that's what we have now and I think this
is will continue and this this kind of
actions by children and others will
continue and maybe we will see the
conflict move to Tripoli if after has
control over dharna and the old Crescent
again and he will turn him Sir his
attention to Tripoli he has no intention
of doing a democratic process in Libya
and he announced that several times on
into
national media and in their conferences
Rhiannon is there another part to this
ghastly jigsaw that we haven't touched
on yet an organization that nobody could
easily get to nobody could easily get
leverage with and it's ISIL towards the
south of the country I mean what's the
relationship between ISIL and al-qaida
some analysts are saying they're
actually sharing information they're
sharing intelligence and they didn't
really get to a stage where they were on
the receiving end of a killer blow if
you will yeah this is what's been very
interesting actually over the past
couple of months actually in the oil
Crescent area and just to to the West in
the kind of more central desert South
asserts we've seen a big increase in the
last couple of months of Isis attacks
both further east near edge dabio which
is of the heart of the area of the oil
Crescent that hafter does control
attacks against LNA fighters and also
further west towards Bennu indeed there
have been a few attacks as well and yes
they've been a lot of reports coming out
of both Isis and al-qaeda operatives in
that area the u.s. just over the last
week has done two or three separate
airstrikes one against Isis fighters the
other against al-qaeda fighters and
there are many reports coming up that
they are actually working together or
communicating collaborating in this area
to the south of Libya and this is
significant because you know Isis was
driven out of cert at the end of 2016
but they weren't completely vanquished
and what we're seeing is that this area
in the old Crescent in central Libya has
essentially become this no-man's land
that it was before and actually this
lack of having a strong force there it's
essentially the kind of border between
the west and the east of Libya and has
allowed these groups to emerge again I
seem to have some capability to launch
strikes there's no sort of evidence or
proof at the moment of direct
collaboration between Chevron and and
this or Benghazi defense brigade forces
and these elements but there's no doubt
that it supports both of them if if
there's greater insecurity in the area
if the security forces are more
stretched so this is another reason why
the oil Crescent and the set that
central Libyan area you know it could be
a real cause for stability and could be
a driver of widespread conflict between
misra to the GNA LNA and also the south
the area around SEPA where there has of
course been a conflict
since February in around SEPA which is
another element that's driving some of
this conflict and the taboo that are
involved in that Tim in London assuming
for a second that Salle's analysis is
correct and I'll have to maybe wouldn't
shy away from the idea of ending up in a
conflict in a conflagration in Tripoli
does that tilt the country towards it's
not at the moment but as it tilt it
towards being a failed state well I
think by all measures it is already if
you look at the situation on the ground
such as the degree of fragmentation I
think that Libya is almost defined by
its local actors by the strength of its
periphery rather than national actors
there are very few national actors in
Libya and indeed after's narrative has
long been that he has the institutional
force to be able to provide order to be
able to control the country but we've
seen in these incidents in New York
resident Ibrahim Chadron comes back from
exile from from outside Libya smuggled
back in doesn't actually need to
generate a great degree of force to go
back in and take a major part of Libya's
oil wealth for how long remain to be
seen but I think that that's a telling
story so this has happened before as
rhiannon mentioned and I think 2017 so
afters narrative that he could control
the whole of the country is clearly
fundamentally undermined he doesn't have
that capacity but neither do any of his
opponents and I think that this kind of
conditions the operating environment for
these largely local forces who are
strong in their local area have strong
interest to push but who can't actually
determine the national picture so again
we under mentioned McGaha in the all
Crescent clearly a very powerful set of
actors there but how far can they
actually extend that influence beyond
well that's unclear so what we see I
think across the country are a lot of
predominantly local actors seeking to
improve their position tactically ahead
of some kind of political settlement
which will you know realign the
the country and I think this is likely
to continue particularly while there's
such a limited prospect of national
level forces and national level credible
institutions which can push back against
these kinds of developments so salla if
everyone involved in what we're seeing
right now in this oil Crescent doesn't
have the resources or literally the
manpower to carry through on what they
ultimately want to get to I guess that
explains why
Libya's neighbors East and West are
looking in on the current situation and
they're nervous they're feeling very
very uncomfortable about this well
Libyan neighbors first I just want to
talk about the local the locals in this
conflict Jodrell now used the same
tactic that Haftar used in 2016 he got
agreement among the tribes that were fed
up with heffner's people controlling
everything he brought people from
outside the area controlled everything
and now they made peace with children
their son actually and a lot of to take
the old Crescent without much of a fight
and that's the same thing that Haftar
did in 2016 so this gives you an
impression of the popularity of after
waning in that area I mean he came in
and he took the elected mayor of each
area they said the main city in there in
that area and replaced him with their a
military man and took out you know
everybody else that's related to
children who is the son of the mehar but
I'm going to stop you there because I do
want to put the last point on the
program to Rhiannon Smith in Cambridge
Rhiannon oil production at the moment is
less than 25 percent of what was before
they got rid of Gaddafi is it your sense
in 20 seconds please is it your sense
Libya is going to get worse before it
gets better in terms of all production I
think in the near future yes it will get
worse and because I think these fighting
is going to continue and the storage
capacity on these oil ports has been
damaged however in the longer term over
this or next year or two I think we
could still see level staying at sym
levels they are now around a million
barrels a day if the situation comes and
because the so much investment from the
NSE and other actors investing in oil
and ultimately oil is Olivia's lifeline
and therefore it really needs to be
sustained at high levels and I think
actors will do what they can to make
that happen
okay we are done thank you so much to
all our guests a la Elba Koosh Rhiannon
Smith and Tim Eaton and thank you to you
too for your company in the last
half-hour you can see the program again
anytime get the website aljazeera.com
and for further discussion do check out
our Facebook page that's facebook.com/
/aj Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on Twitter that's at AJ
inside story or tweet me I'll tweet you
back I'm at Peter w1 from me Peter Dhabi
and the entire team here in Doha thanks
for watching we'll do it again tomorrow
you
you
