the heroes FC team take to the pitch for
an exhibition match in nasara the
refugee camp they've split into two
teams for the game designed to showcase
a disabled football each of these
players lost a leg in the last three
wars Israel has fought in Gaza all were
under 18 at the time but footballs given
them some hope a chance to take part in
a physical activity and give them
confidence there's life beyond injury in
2007 I was walking near my house when
there was an explosion I was 15 they had
to amputate my leg I used to play
football at school but to play football
like this has been brilliant for me
we can play sport like everybody else
heroes FC is part of the dear bulla
rehabilitation society that helps people
cope with injury this is a new
initiative for them I came up with the
idea after watching disabled in
television I started to research and
said to myself we should do this we have
more disabled here than anywhere in the
world due to the occupation and the
siege I talked to people and we realized
we could do this we started our first
training session in March 2017 despite
all the challenges the team has
ambitions and maybe even one day play on
the international stage 14700
Palestinians were injured in recent
anti-israel protests many have been shot
in the leg by Israeli snipers and can't
get proper treatment because of
shortages of painkillers and medical
supplies 33 patients have had to have
their leg amputated to stop the disease
from spreading doctors could normally
treat injuries if it wasn't for the
shortages heroes FC hoped that one day
amputees can find something that will
give them hope beyond their injury the
players say despite their life-changing
injuries a game of football is their new
goal in life
Imran Khan al Jazeera the throughout
refugee camp Gaza
