remember the millions of people around
the world who don't for women's rights
after Donald Trump was born into office
well that momentum has emboldened nearly
600 women to run for office in the
United States more than ever before this
year a record number of women are
running for office women candidates are
breaking all kinds of records it's
impressive
it's progress but actually the United
States still trails behind most other
countries women represent 51% of the
American population but make up less
than 20% of the US Congress why are so
few women elected it's the political
system unlike more gender equal nations
that have embraced contemporary voting
systems the u.s. still has
winner-takes-all elections which give
enormous power to incumbents who are
primarily white men and keep candidates
without personal wealth support on the
home front or career flexibility
disproportionately women from running
and let's not forget but it's only
female politicians who must deal with
sexism it's not just the campaign trail
erratic work schedules low pay rates
Geographic distance and unfair
leadership selection processes makes
serving a challenge for many women so
how have countries like Rwanda Sweden
and Costa Rica succeeded well for one
thing they've embraced more modern and
more democratic voting systems to make
it easier for women and minorities to
get elected
they've also introduced family-friendly
hours to the legislative workplace and
designated an equal number of leadership
roles within their Parliament's to women
and they actively recruit women today
half of the countries of the world use
some type of electoral quota for their
Parliament's not a fan of quotas you
should be studies show they helped to
weed out incompetent men plus more women
in government is good for everyone
experts found that women direct anywhere
between 20% and 100% more spending to
their voters they sponsor more
legislation and female members are more
likely than male members to take on
committee assignments that reflect the
interests and demands of their districts
sounds refreshing particularly given the
US Congress is miserable approval rating
of 17% clearly women got stuff done
maybe it's time the United States
stopped holding them back
