he may be a fresh face in Colombian
politics but as a van Duque took to the
stage his supporters were ecstatic Duque
is young untested but has promised to
tackle some of Colombia's biggest issues
an order with humility and honor
I tell the Colombian people that I will
give all my energies to unite our
country
no more divisions let's think about a
country for all and everyone for me it's
very important to tell you and the whole
of Colombia that today there are no
defeated citizens because I want to be
the president that gives the same love
to those who voted for me and those who
didn't the polls closed across Colombia
at 4 p.m. but it soon became clear that
Duque had a commanding lead handpicked
by former President Alvaro Uribe Duque
has promised to modify the peace accords
with FARC rebels they ended 50 years of
conflict but it's not yet clear what any
changes he makes will mean for an
already fragile process despite losing
Gustavo petrol is Colombia's most
successful leftist candidate the former
rebels secured more than 40% of the vote
and has pledged to continue his fight
for a fairer society and less dependence
on fossil fuels
if Duque governs with those who helped
him win that government suffers a fatal
injury hopefully he is able hopefully I
am able to trick myself about his
personality and the one elected has
sufficient strength to separate himself
from those who helped him become elected
because they are the worst associations
for Colombia this was one of the safest
elections in Colombia's recent history
there were no reports of violence across
the country a sign say analysts the
democracy here is maturing these are
elections that have been peaceful have
been polarizing because citizens are is
not used to have a left option and a
right option with very different
programs but I do think that this is the
first time in Colombia's history that we
are discussing politics as in other
democracies in the world even Duque has
a lot to prove his critics say he's
nothing more than a puppet of Alvaro
Uribe a hardliner that's both popular
and polarizing but it's what he might do
with those
accords with fart but people will watch
most closely Gustavo Petro may have lost
but the left's voice here has never been
stronger and a Gallic are al-jazeera
Bogota Colombia
