and embraced 27 years in the making the
Prime Minister's of Greece and Macedonia
resolving their country's differences
not just a name also indeed the Mishima
we are not gathered here today to mourn
the defeats of the past we are taking a
historic step so that from now on there
will only be winners it was an
unprecedented show of optimism but both
leaders acknowledged the difficulty of
their achievement there's a need for
trust courage and hope signing the final
agreement for the name is of strategic
importance for the two countries and it
can move mountains they sign the
agreement now the delegations are over
to the other side of the border for a
working lunch this is just really the
very first step of a process that's
likely to take months and months for
nationalists the deal is nothing more
than a betrayal on the Greek side of the
border 4,000 protestors angered at the
agreement fought with police
it seems no amount of reassurance about
cooperation and unity will change their
minds both prime ministers hope the deal
will be the beginning of closer
relations among Balkan countries and
will eventually allow Macedonia to join
the European Union and NATO tomorrow
provision that people in northern
Macedonia have is to one day have a new
passport and to feel like European
citizens it is very important to them
but before that happens both
Parliament's have to ratify the deal and
Macedonians are due to hold a referendum
in September to officially change their
country's name to the Republic of North
Macedonia that and other challenges
still to be faced before this long
dispute is finally over
Sonia Gallo al Jazeera cerrados northern
Greece
