we're going to take a look now with the
story behind the byline when a news
article is published from a foreign
country the byline tells us who wrote it
the television equivalent of that is the
on-air sign-off however few news
organizations credit the fixer the local
hire who secures that critical interview
gets access to that all-important
location who helps navigate a story rife
with regional complexities fixers know
the local news terrain and open doors
few foreign correspondents ever can on
their own they're also part security
specialists part editorial consultant
they fact check stories and they do all
of that sometimes putting themselves at
risk but seldom get the recognition they
deserve the listening posts will young
now on fixers so often the unsung
uncredited story behind the story
a fixer often than not is someone from
the country who guides you who leads you
to this story which turns out to be a
scoop or an exclusive I'm taken to meet
one suspect the other person who's gonna
be doing the arrangements they'll gain
access to interviews gain access to
spaces because he or she is from this
country and they know whether or not the
situation is dangerous it is their
language that's their culture it's their
context without the fixers you're not
gonna actually be able to have a story
watching journalist is reporting from
the field
you're probably accustomed to seems like
these what you won't see are the people
behind the scenes the cameramen
producers drivers but especially the
fixers for 25 years in Keene Act bill
has been a fixer in the Philippines
helping journalists navigate everything
from Filipino culture to natural
disasters and political events the most
important trait of a good fixer is
persistence no it's not an option so
that means you have to exhaust all
possibilities to make something happen a
fixer should also be likable and
agreeable because you're only as good as
how much these people will let you into
their lives how much these people are
willing to share with you how much these
people are willing to help you the fixer
I consider him as the eye of any
foreigners inside the area as we say in
Arabic the stranger is lying even he has
eyes Khalid Abu gali is a trained nurse
and paramedic he's also been helping
journalists cover stories in Gaza for
nearly two decades each culture has
habits different attitude and different
behavior it's not a matter of a language
only
even an Arabic journalist will come to
the area and he's not will aware of
what's going on he need a fixer the word
fixer can sometimes carry negative
connotations and it lacks the prestige
of a job title like reporter or
correspondent so when a fixer dies on
the job they sometimes receive a
posthumous promotion like Iraqi fixer
Bakhtiar Haddad who died in an explosion
while covering attempts by Iraqi forces
to recapture the city of Mosul from
Islamic state in death Haddad became a
journalist on the rare occasions when
fixers do gain a public profile it's
usually when they're arrested kidnapped
or killed according to a report
published by the International
Federation of Journalists 24 Syrian
Yemeni and Iraqi so-called media
professionals were killed during 2017
alone and in 2015 in Turkey Vice
reporters Jake Hanrahan and Philip
Pendlebury were jailed by Turkish
authorities covering unrest in the
predominantly Kurdish city of dr bakr
Pendlebury and Hanrahan were released in
a matter of days but their fixer
Mohammad Rasool spent more than four and
a half months in a high-security prison
on trumped-up charges of allegedly
assisting the outlawed PKK Mosul dam is
the frontline that fish mugger took it
back from the Islamic state when it
comes to reporting complex
conflict-ridden news stories it's not
just the fixers who find themselves in
the front lines whenever any journalist
cameraman local producer or other media
worker loses their life in a hostile
environment it serves to highlight just
how much fixers are relied upon not only
to open doors but also to be aware of
what dangers might lurk behind them the
first dimension to consider the security
of the team who is coming from abroad
it's to be one of his priority
this is very sensitive part and very
important part not only for the fixer
but also for the crew that he's working
with especially if there is conflict
because to be at area with conflict your
mistakes will be the first and the last
one and not only the life of the fixer
will be under risk but also the life of
the others usually you are foreigners so
sometimes it's even the first time you
actually visit the country they're going
to have to tell you what hostile
situations you can face where where are
the dangers for example they understand
the language so if there's a crowd and
the crowd becomes sort of aggressive or
there's tension in the air the fixture
will know when it is time to pull out
their responsibilities have always been
varied but as budgets for international
reporting are squeezed throughout the
industry local journalists and fixers
are increasingly picking up the slack
and while recognition of their work is
growing so too is the debate around
crediting them shana plout is a research
manager at the Global Reporting Center
an organization that focuses on
neglected news stories around the world
in 2016
she co-authored a study which aimed to
bring clarity to the gray area between
the role of the fixer and that of the
reporter I actually find that quite
problematic and it's something that our
research also showed because many of the
fixers are actually the local
journalists and they prefer to be called
local journalists as well but then when
a foreign correspondent comes to a
particular country then this local
journalist assumes the role of the fixer
the fixer recognises the different roles
and components into putting a story
together so journalists is often blind
to this the terminology of a fixer well
I think it is an adequate word why
because their job is to fix things a
fixer does not really have a lot of
input when it comes to editorial issues
unlike a producer the fixer will not
come and say to you this is the way
you're going to structure the story this
is the way we have to interview this
person and that person in order to
balance the story we have to make sure
that you know these two sides are
represented or they're given a voice in
a certain report that is the job of a
producer there is a very big difference
between a fixer
the producer a shared byline for the
work that we do as fixers it's of course
important to us and much appreciated but
there are times when you operate on very
delicate subject matter so at times it
is also good to have your name left out
since it's the fixer who made the
initial contact and it is the fixer who
is left behind long after the foreign
journalist has returned to their own
country on the whole fixers rarely
receive the recognition they deserve for
all they undoubtedly bring to the story
this seems to be one of the few things
they themselves cannot change or fix I'm
really happy that this conversation is
actually starting to take place I think
that it's a conversation that has been
taking place between fixers it's a
conversation that has been taken place
with journalists as well but it's not a
conversation that's been taking place
between journalists and fixers nor
between those who are producing the news
and those who are consuming the news
this is a situation where somehow we
think that this news is just magically
appearing and if we can have a better
understanding of how news is created
we're gonna have a better understanding
of what the news is many of people they
just know the International
correspondent and then use the
presenters you know but for us as fixer
or for those who are working in the
media they know that behind this person
is an army of people who are preparing
and making this matter easy for him
gathering news and gathering articles
and to make a good story and to make a
good reputation for the channel
