so would bossa is grateful that his
brother Faisal survived Thursday's
attack at a mosque near Capetown he was
stabbed in the face and arm by a
stranger who had said he needed a place
to sleep for the night their father and
a somali national were killed
he tried to escape and then we chased
him down I had to chase him down with a
car and the police came and finally they
had to shoot him because
imam ahmed ali says he was stabbed first
he thinks the attacker was acting alone
so it's not just on a congregation or on
a specific masjid this is the guy he did
it he is to be blamed despite our
kindness to him unfortunately but he
will be judged with he will be judged by
allah subhanaw taala accordingly western
cape province is home to the largest
community of Muslims in South Africa
Thursday's attack comes more than a
month after armed men killed one person
at a mosque near Durban in kwazulu-natal
province police say so far there is no
link between the two attacks it's a
small farming town family say they are
still in shock and some are nervous
community leaders are telling people to
stay calm and not speculate until the
police find out why the attack happened
family and friends of the two murdered
men say they want answers they need to
know why the attack happened some say it
won't bring their loved ones back but it
could help them and the community move
on Haider Matassa
al Jazeera Mama's very South Africa
