history Donald Trump and the translator
hello I'm Richard gisbert and you're at
the listening post here are some of the
media stories were covering this week
Donald Trump diplomacy and the triumph
of spectacle over substance India
whatsapp and mob rule the consequences
turned deadly
once again fixers and the news business
they are names you will seldom hear but
they are central to the coverage of all
kinds of stories and the White House
produces a propaganda video worthy of
Pyongyang and rolls it out for Kim
jong-un in the television and Internet
age there's always an element of
stagecraft to diplomacy in summit
meetings the photo ops the sound bytes
the resulting communicates however too
indelible images from two different
summits could not have told more
contrasting stories
US President Donald Trump defying than
walking out on his allies at the g7
summit in Canada then getting down to
business with North Korean dictator Kim
Jong hoon who Trump described as
talented journalists found themselves
covering a president who once again
seemed to put more thought into the
spectacle and the Twitter feed he has at
his disposal than actual political
substance still even his critics have to
hand it to him at least for the moment
Donald Trump emerged with what he likes
to call a deal that will denuclearize
North Korea the devil will be in the
details the kind that cannot be conveyed
in 280 characters or fewer and at this
stage as they often are with this
president the details are a bit sketchy
our starting point this week is the site
of the Trump Kim's summit Singapore
imagine someone making a prediction just
a few years ago that an American
president would meet one day face to
face with the leader of North Korea and
that during that event one of the two
sides would roll out a video that reeks
of propaganda heavy-handed and clumsy a
new world can begin today a video that
speaks of a chance at a new day a choice
between the darkness and the light had
you been told that that video would be
produced not by Pyongyang and be part of
it but by Washington for Pyongyang would
you have believed many people found the
video to be bizarre including members of
the media both of these leaders are
propaganda artists within their own
right President Trump
you'll recall rode down an escalator and
launched his candidacy for president in
front of dozens of paid actors and they
very much set the tone for how he sees
the production of his presidency and Kim
jong-un is not dissimilar certainly
because he operates in a place where he
controls the media and everything is
controlled ultimately by the state
featuring President Donald Trump it was
a movie trailer as all the press is
calling it and it was in the context so
over-the-top it was compared by some
journalists to a promotional for real
estate in terms of Donald Trump's
business career can history be changed
the press apparently first thought it
was a North Korean propaganda film and
yet it turned out it was produced in the
United States by the Trump
administration
of the back-to-back summits the g7
meeting in Canada and the subsequent
bilateral in Singapore the images that
will endure are these still photographs
there was the symbolism contained in the
Trump Kim handshake and the potentially
seismic shift that such an image conveys
that came on the heels of a shot that
appeared on the Instagram account of the
German Chancellor Angela Merkel one that
Berlin would not have sent out likely it
captures the unraveling of the g7 trade
talks and the body language seems to say
at all even if you're not in Trump land
images matter a lot international
politics but what we see with the Merkel
picture is it shows her appearing to
stare down Donald Trump who is in his
characteristic you know arms crossed
looking slightly petulant way and
immediately critics of President Trump
say this is President Trump isolated and
so it feeds into that pre-existing
narrative for his supporters right it
look well this is how America should be
with every other leader gathered around
it so again a sign of American strength
status and position and the dominance
hierarchy the g7 don't forget that there
were four different points of view that
we know the famous photo was the German
phone there was also a French official
photo a Japanese official photo and a
Canadian official for different points
of view of the same meeting so that
epitomizes the trade war essentially and
the handshake is a handshake but it's an
eager handshake the handshake is better
seen through the video than the
photograph because it was far more than
a perfunctory or even normal handshake
and the symbolic meaning of a 13-second
handshake in this visual form is the
establishment of a physical and
therefore a personal bond between the
two leaders
so the first image is one of alienation
opposition and even international
condemnation of Trump the second is
Trump claiming that
has in his sense made peace in the very
first gesture of the Senate
the meeting of the US President and the
North Korean leader was historic
unprecedented there's no denying that
but Donald Trump's declaration that the
threat of a nuclear North Korea had been
eradicated is based on a brief vaguely
worded joint statement it commits the
two sides to further talks but there is
no timeline offered and not a word on
verification which matters because this
isn't the first time North Korean
leaders have agreed to stop their
nuclear program they first did that more
than 25 years ago but each of those
initiatives has fallen apart over the
procedural details with verification
often proving to be the sticking point
the deal breaker
Donald Trump the former reality TV star
doesn't really do details he does deals
and while the absence of detail in the
agreement has been reported upon widely
it tends to get overshadowed by the
imagery generated at the summit in
Singapore the media spectacles the Trump
is happy to provide its sir reality TV
it's like the Society of the spectacle
and he is very good at which what we
don't know what's gonna happen next and
that's what makes it a soap opera and
you as a journalist you should try to
intersect you know cross reference the
absolute craziness of the ongoing show
and is there any substance in all this
you want world politics to be boring you
want toe the policy to be boring that
means it's working well but human beings
are drawn to standard stories we grow up
watching them on television whether it's
Game of Thrones or Breaking Bad or
Empire where their personalities their
immediate relationships are driving
everything that happens and Trump
clearly you know that's what he thrives
on but it's also what the media thrives
on because it's easy to tell those
stories but this is not the first
administration to engage in negotiations
with North Korea president Trump's
predecessors have tried to at least open
up a dialogue some of them have walked
away with similarly vague assurances of
denuclearization so the question for the
media as we put some of this
spectacled behind us what will
ultimately set this deal apart from
anything that president Trump's
predecessors had sought to achieve what
is that verification process even going
to look like they are the kinds of
questions the Trump administration does
not want to answer at this stage or
cannot so where does that leave the news
media the reporters and pundits trying
to make sense of it all in the realm of
speculation presented as analysis and
that's the problem because analyzing a
coherent policy is complicated enough
analyzing a spectacle in the absence of
a policy is a waste of airtime and runs
the risk of normalizing the abnormals
every instinct of everybody who goes on
these kinds of programs regularly is
that they have to make sense not present
well I think the most reasonable
assessment you can give score points by
being able to give an insightful
strategic rationale of indecision
wouldn't have happened if it wasn't for
Trump didn't happen under Bush did that
no bomb I don't think any of that makes
sense for trauma his impulses are
autocratic because decision-making is
we've got he cares more about short-term
spectacle then he seems to care about
long-term strategic planning trying to
explain from speaking as if he were a
normal president who did normal things
is what I've termed in an academic ways
analytic normalization
Trump is and normalizable he has his own
rules and by now if you're doing TV in
here for a journalist covering politics
he should know that it's not a question
of normalize interest try to understand
that his attention span is five seconds
he's impulsive everything is wobbly
everything can change in America to meet
and we have to know how to decode that
and put it in in a realist perspective
because we're dealing with a surreal
ongoing experience but you have to make
it real for our readers and viewers
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar this week with one
of our producers Flo Phillips Flo
Vietnam has just passed a new
cybersecurity law how will that affect
what is already a difficult climate for
free speech their internet censorship
isn't new to Vietnam Richard over the
past year there'll be multiple arrests
with bloggers jailed over discussions of
politics environmental issues among
other things but this new cybersecurity
law is yet another tool the government
can potentially use to limit dissent the
law forbids anyone online from
organizing anything with an anti state
purpose spreading false information or
undermining the nation's achievements
according to Amnesty International the
sweeping powers it grants the government
to monitor online activity means there
is now no safe place left in Vietnam for
people to speak freely and the critics
of this law aren't just talking about
freedom of expression are they they're
also talking about the economic
implications why because another
requirement of this law is its effect on
global tech firms and we're talking here
about the major players Google Facebook
Twitter all of whom will now be required
to store the personal data of their
Vietnamese users locally so much like
them having to open up servers in Hong
Kong to store the data of their Chinese
users tech companies now have to do the
same in Vietnam for the estimated 55
million Vietnamese who are on social
media and that according to the Asia
Internet Coalition will stifle the
growth of Viet Nam's digital economy
the new cyber law takes effect on
January 1st next year and in India there
have been more cases of fear-mongering
over the messaging service whatsapp
leading to people actually getting
killed what's the latest case as we've
reported before Richard India is
whatsapp's biggest market more than 200
million users the spreading of false
messages and fake news is common and it
spreads very very quickly making it
difficult if not impossible for the
authorities to debunk recently there's
been a rash of child kidnapping stories
and when two men asked for directions in
a small village in the state of Assam
they were attacked beaten to death by a
mob who reportedly believed they were
indeed the kidnappers they'd been warned
about on whatsapp they were just in the
wrong place at the wrong time and these
whatsapp rumors what specifically do
they consist of what's actually being
shared here well people are citing
messages that have been circulating
about men disguising themselves as women
to abduct children and remember one of
the men killed did have long hair and
then there have been various videos like
this one that shows a child being
kidnapped in it two men on a motorcycle
pull up to a group of children one of
them grabs a child and then they right
off but the video isn't even real it may
not even have originated from India now
at least 18 people have been arrested in
connection with the two killings and
local mobile internet services were
suspended for a day to try and stem
whatsapp messaging for a while okay
thanks Flo we're going to take a look
now at the story behind the byline when
a news article is published from a
foreign country the byline tells us who
wrote it the television equivalent of
that is the on-air sign-off however a
few news organizations credit the fixer
the local hire who secures that critical
interview gets access to that
all-important location who helps
navigate a story rife with regional
complexities fixers know the local news
terrain and open doors few foreign
correspondents ever can on their own
they're also part security specialists
part editorial consultant they fact
check stories and they do all of that
sometimes putting themselves at risk but
seldom get the recognition they deserve
the listening posts will young now on
fixers so often the unsung uncredited
story behind the story
a fixer more often than not is someone
from the country who guides you who
leads you to this story which turns out
to be a scoop or an exclusive I'm taken
to meet one suspect the other person
that's gonna be doing the arrangements
they'll gain access to interviews gain
access to spaces because he or she is
from this country and they know whether
or not the situation is dangerous it is
their language it's their culture it's
their context without the fixers you're
not gonna actually be able to have a
story watching journalist is reporting
from the field
you're probably accustomed to seems like
these what you won't see are the people
behind the scenes the cameramen
producers drivers but especially the
fixers for 25 years in Keene Act bill
has been a fixer in the Philippines
helping journalists navigate everything
from Filipino culture to natural
disasters and political events the most
important trait of a good fixer is
persistence no it's not an option
so that means you have to exhaust all
possibilities to make something happen a
fixer should also be likable and
agreeable because you're only as good as
how much these people will let you into
their lives how much these people are
willing to share with you how much these
people are willing to help you the fixer
I consider him as the eye of any
foreigners inside the area as we say in
Arabic the stranger is blind even he has
eyes
Khalid Abu gali is a trained nurse and
paramedic he's also been helping
journalists cover stories in Gaza for
nearly two decades each culture has
habits different attitude and different
behavior it's not a matter of a language
only even an Arabic journalist will come
to the area and he's not will aware of
what's going on he need a fixer the word
fixer can sometimes carry negative
connotations and it lacks the prestige
of a job title like reporter or
correspondent so when a fixer dies on
the job they sometimes receive a
posthumous promotion like Iraqi fixer
Bakhtiar Haddad who died in an explosion
while covering attempts by Iraqi forces
to recapture the city of Mosul from
Islamic state in death Haddad became a
journalist on the rare occasions when
fixers do gain a public profile it's
usually when they're arrested kidnapped
or killed according to a report
published by the International
Federation of Journalists 24 Syrian
Yemeni and Iraqi so-called media
professionals were killed during 2017
alone and in 2015 in Turkey vice
reporters Jake Hanrahan and Phillip
Pendlebury were jailed by Turkish
authorities covering unrest in the
predominantly Kurdish city of dr bakr
Pendlebury and Hanrahan were released in
a matter of days but their fixer
Mohammad Rasool spent more than four and
a half months in a high-security prison
on trumped-up charges of allegedly
assisting the outlawed PKK Mosul dam is
the frontline that fish Berger took it
back from the Islamic state when it
comes to reporting complex
conflict-ridden news stories it's not
just the fixers who find themselves in
the front lines whenever any journalists
cameraman local producer or other media
worker loses their life in a hostile
environment it serves to highlight just
how much fixers are relied upon not only
to open doors but also to be aware of
what dangers might lurk behind the
the first dimension to consider the
security of the team who is coming from
abroad it's to be one of his priority
this is very sensitive part and very
important but not only for the fixer but
also for the crew that he is working
with especially if there is conflict
because to be at area with conflict your
mistakes will be the first and the last
one and not only the life of the fixer
will be under risk but also the life of
the others usually you are foreigners so
sometimes it's even the first time you
actually visit the country they're going
to have to tell you what hostile
situations you can face where where are
the dangers for example they understand
the language so if there's a crowd and
the crowd becomes sort of aggressive or
there's tension in the air the fixer
will know when it is time to pull out
their responsibilities have always been
varied but as budgets for international
reporting are squeezed throughout the
industry local journalists and fixers
are increasingly picking up the slack
and while recognition of their work is
growing so too is the debate around
crediting them shana plout is a research
manager at the Global Reporting Center
an organization that focuses on
neglected news stories around the world
in 2016 she co-authored a study which
aimed to bring clarity to the gray area
between the role of the fixer and that
of the reporter I actually find that
quite problematic and it's something
that our research also showed because
many of the fixers are actually the
local journalists and they prefer to be
called local journalists as well but
then when a foreign correspondent comes
to a particular country then this local
journalist assumes the role of the fixer
the fixer recognises the different roles
and components into putting a story
together the journalist is often blind
to this the terminology of a fixer well
I think it is an adequate word why
because their job is to fix things a
fixer does not really have a lot of
input when it comes to editorial issues
unlike a producer
she will not come and say to you this is
the way you're going to structure the
story this is the way we have to
interview this person and that person in
order to balance the story we have to
make sure that you know these two sides
are represented or they're given a voice
in a certain report that is the job of a
producer there is a very big difference
between a fixer and the producer a
shared byline for the work that we do as
fixers it's of course important to us
and much appreciated but there are times
when you operate on very delicate
subject matter so at times it is also
good to have your name left out since it
is the fixer who made the initial
contact and it is the fixer who is left
behind long after the foreign journalist
has returned through their own country
on the home fixers rarely receive the
recognition they deserve for all they
undoubtedly bring to the story this
seems to be one of the few things they
themselves cannot change or fix I'm
really happy that this conversation is
actually starting to take place I think
that it's a conversation that has been
taking place between fixers it's a
conversation that has been taken place
with journalists as well but it's not a
conversation that's been taking place
between journalists and fixers nor
between those who are producing the news
and those who are consuming the news
this is a situation where somehow we
think that this news is just magically
appearing and if we can have a better
understanding of how news is created
we're gonna have a better understanding
of what the news is many of people they
just know the International
correspondent
and then use the presenters you know but
for us as fixer or for those who are
working in the media they know that
behind this person is an army of people
who are preparing and making this matter
easy for him gathering news and
gathering articles and to make a good
story and to make a good reputation for
the channel
and finally we touched on that video
that the White House played at the
summit in Singapore but really didn't do
it justice it was four minutes long and
not remotely subtle it talked of two
leaders one destiny and the light of
prosperity pictures of Trump and Kim
were intercut with footage of galloping
white horses waterfalls and bullet
trains it was one part propaganda one
part movie trailer or the type of video
a real estate developer shows his
prospective clients but this could have
been a case of Trump knowing his
audience remember the North Korean
leaders father Kim jong-il was a movie
buff hated America but was a fan of
Hollywood maybe it runs in the family
Trump says Kim jong-un watched it on an
iPad and loved it we'll see you next
time at the listening coast seven
billion people inhabit planet Earth of
those alive today only a small number
will leave a lasting impact and only the
very few will make decisions or take
actions that renew their homeland and
change the course of history and there
comes a time when
are called upon to
a difference but the question is what
difference will the few make Destiny's
pictures presents a story of opportunity
a new story a new beginning one of peace
to men
leaders one destiny
a story about a special moment in time
when a man is presented with one chance
that may never be repeated
what release shoes to show vision and
leadership or not
featuring President Donald Trump
and chairman kim jungeun
in a meeting to remake history to shine
in the Sun one moment one choice
what if
the future remains to be written
