Paco come forward and tell your story it
was six years ago
that Francisco Juarez learned he could
attend University in the US and work
without fear of deportation
I stand here proud to share that I am
the first in my family to graduate from
college but on this anniversary of the
daca policy that allowed young
undocumented immigrants to step out of
the shadows the Trump administration is
putting other children in detention at
the us-mexico border
the government has separated at least
2,000 children from their parents
since Trump's zero-tolerance policy for
illegal crossings took effect in April
children are being held in makeshift
detention centers while their parents
face criminal prosecution
moms and dads who are having their
infants infants taken away from them
because they're fleeing violence and we
are scouring those children for life by
taking them away and institutionalizing
them to separate families from their
children the administration has used the
Bible as justification for the policy
but on Friday President Trump falsely
blamed the opposition party the
Democrats forced that law upon our
nation I hate it I hate to see
separation of parents and children the
Democrats can come to us as they
actually are in all fairness we are
talking to them and they can change the
whole border security we need a wall we
need border security Trump's immigration
cracked down including canceling the
Obama policy of helping young immigrants
called dreamers was a campaign promise
and remains popular with his supporters
it's all political
the president is throwing red meat to
his base when he does that he's using
children whether they're dreamers or
whether they're little children at the
border now for political purpose it's
shameful Republicans in Congress are
working on to immigration bills that may
come to a vote next week they include
Trump's demands of funding a border wall
and a curbing family based migration
Heidi Joe Castro al Jazeera Washington
