as the world this week turned its
attention from Iran's non-existent
nuclear weapons to North Korea's actual
ones Iran's working men and women tried
to come to terms with the personal price
they've paid for the years their
government spent building a nuclear deal
with one American president only to see
it broken by another Donald Trump will
also break the deal with North Korea
he's an unwise person and no one has
confidence in him today he says
something tomorrow he'll say something
else someone who makes a pledge and an
hour later takes it back is not human no
one trusts him and as the Iran nuclear
deal is lost so is hope that it would
bring a better future
Iran Ian's don't just blame the American
president for their circumstances they
say their own politicians also share the
blame for decades of hostility against
the United States and an endless pursuit
for position on the international stage
across the street a father of two says
Iran's people have no choice but to
continue being patient but for him there
is a difference between surviving and
thriving and for the sake of his sons he
says he plans on leaving the country
instead I'm stressed my mind is always
busy thinking about what will happen
tomorrow what wrong decisions our
leaders will make next
how will they decrease pressure on the
people I hope one day we will see our
leaders make better decisions but now
they think in a selfish way they don't
think about their people they just pay
attention to some specific interests
it's a common complaint from Iran's
working class their leaders have pitted
them in ideological battles against so
much of the world for so long it keeps
hurting the economy and makes just
getting by more difficult every year
America has no pity for Iran and Iran
ian's but also we have no power to stand
against the u.s. so everybody says we
should negotiate with them like North
Korea
right now no one is happy with the
economic situation any store you go into
it's like the price of gold things here
get more expensive every week in some
cases prices increase hour by hour it's
almost certain things will get worse
before they get better the value of
Iran's currency keeps falling more US
sanctions are set to take effect in
August and European companies have
already started leaving the country
so for Iranians there are more clouds on
the horizon
Zayn Basra via al Jazeera Tehran
