17 years ago another ship carried
refugees no one wanted the tamper was a
Norwegian container ship whose captain
rescued more than 400 mostly Afghan
refugees from a sinking fishing boat in
the Indian Ocean nearby was Australia's
Christmas island but facing a reelection
campaign
Prime Minister John Howard refused to
let the tampers captain bring his ship
into Australian waters sending soldiers
aboard when he tried the refugees were
instead taken to Nauru a tiny Pacific
island country which was paid by
Australia to take them what was seen as
toughness by Howard helped win him
re-election most of the tampers refugees
were eventually brought to Australia or
New Zealand but competing on toughness
towards so-called boat people has been a
theme of Australian politics since
policy now if to turn back boats at sea
refugees who do get through a deported
to remote Pacific Islands and told
they'll never be brought to Australia
more than a thousand people have been
held on Papua New Guinea's Manus Island
and in Nauru for almost five years
Australia's policies were seen as
extreme now they're being copied
Australia isn't a role model for Europe
or a role model for countries anywhere
when it comes to refugees in fact
Australia is a textbook example of how
not to treat out refugees and asylum
seekers and I think European leaders if
they're looking at the Australian model
should go to Manus in Naru they should
go and meet the refugees and asylum
seekers and see how their lives have
been completely destroyed by this policy
but Australian politicians and their
supporters I think a tough approach to
what they call illegal immigration has
meant people have had faith in the
immigration system more broadly this was
a sign to the the public at large that
the nation-state still existed that it
could can still control its borders and
that ultimately meant public confidence
in our immigration system was enhanced
which allowed us to have a regulated
orderly refugee humanitarian program
that as I say is one of the largest per
capita in the world Australia's Prime
Minister was applauded in April when he
gave a speech in Berlin making a similar
argument humanitarian all
zatia n--'s are appalled australia's
model is being exported australia's
politicians acclaiming vindication
andrew thomas al jazeera sydney
