Canada Mexico and USA have been selected
by the FIFA Congress to host the 2026
FIFA World Cup the World Cup will return
to the United States of America for the
first time in 32 years its bid involving
Mexico and Canada the United bid was the
heavyweight candidate it was an emphatic
and unsurprising triumph with 134 votes
to 65 for the other contender Morocco
the US were the big players in this all
along they we host 60 games Mexico 10
and Canada 10 thank you for entrusting
us with this privilege the privilege of
hosting the FIFA World Cup in 2026 let
us also salute our friends from Morocco
at the end of the day we are all united
in football that's the spirit of the
World Cup snubbed in their 2022 bid
losing out to Qatar the Stars and
Stripes have loom large over FIFA it was
the American investigators attorney
general and the FBI who brought down
Sepp Blatter's FIFA three years ago new
FIFA same issues the politics of keeping
America sweet and crucially making money
the United bid promised billions of
dollars more this host decision was a
transparent vote for the first time
which caused its own problems
203 national associations with their
decision under political scrutiny
President Trump had tweeted in April
that it would be a shame if countries
that we always support that's a lobby
against the US bid I'm not worried about
anything at the least I'm worried about
about the President of the United States
or Mexico or Canada prime minister or I
don't like Alva I think the question was
answers I don't think anyone tries to
take over
FIFA FIFA belongs to football and to the
members of FIFA
now the task for Trump and his
administration will be to work closely
with Mexico and Canada neighbors with
him relations have been distinctly
strained in recent months over
immigration and trade from Morocco pride
in their bid terms of frustrations this
is the fifth time they have tried and
failed and they made strong late
progress to have a genuine chance still
the tournament has been staged in Africa
just once the tournament that's about to
kick off here in Russia will feature 32
nations competing by the time we get to
Mexico Canada and the United States 2026
there'll be 48 teams more teams more
money and that's what appealed to the
FIFA voters here but despite its critics
the tournament is set to be a big
success Lee Wellings al Jazeera Moscow
