for some their toys for the Israeli army
they're a dangerous weapon every Friday
during anti Israeli protests in Gaza
kites have soared high into the sky and
given the Israeli army a problem they
hadn't encountered before
an oil soaked rag is attached to a kite
and once it's over the border they cut
the string and it falls into Israeli
territory causing a fire no one's been
hurt by the fires but some 2,250 acres
of fields and nature reserves have been
burnt causing 2.5 million dollars in
damage according to the Israeli
government they make the kites in Gaza
from recycled waste but what was once an
innocent hobby has become dangerous the
kites is such a problem that Israeli
politicians have called on Israeli
snipers to shoot at the kite fliers the
kite makers here say they've been
targeted so they cover their faces when
we interview them the idea came during
the second week of protests to use the
kites against the Israelis on the border
these kites have troubled the Israelis
because we can reach the border without
us going there and we will continue to
do so despite the fact the Israelis say
they will shoot us the kites themselves
follow a very simple but effective
design and cost less than a dollar they
fly them high with pitches of those who
have died in the protests often friends
and relatives we use the pictures to
show the world the sacrifices we have
made and use them to make our demands to
open the border to help the injured and
to break the siege the kites have become
a very potent symbol of the Friday
protests so much so that the Israelis
say that they use fighter jets to fire
warning shots against a makeshift tent
like this one where kites were being
made kite flying is popular across Gaza
with children using the streets as
playgrounds so there's no shortage of
skilled flyers Israel sent drones to
intercept the kites the Palestinians
have had some success in bringing those
drones down combine that with the damage
done to Israeli land and the protesters
believe they can still fight back
against the 11 year long Israeli LED sea
Imran Khan al-jazeera central Gaza
