even the routine looks suspicious now
outside the consular residence in
Istanbul they were cleaning sewers it
happens a few times a year this street
was due but with Turkish forensic team
searching everywhere possible for clues
to locate Jamal khashoggi his body this
takes on a new significance it's now
about trying to piece together a complex
gruesome jigsaw with huge international
implications you would think that the
whole effort would be to see the justice
was done or at least seen to be done or
at least to name the guilty parties but
of course it's much more complicated
than that because it involves a whole
web of relationship in this very complex
region and also of course the United
States there is the car park in
understand bill suburb where a Saudi
consular car was discovered it was
searched Turkish police found a computer
and clothes but still don't know why it
was here then there is the place where
an alleged Kishori body double dumped
the clues he was wearing when he left
the consulate all done to suggest the
writer left the building the Turkish
president says a Saudi team came here to
this forest a short drive from Istanbul
the day before jamal cushaw jet died the
suggestion they were looking for a place
to dump a body the implication his death
wars premeditated and not the result of
a fight that got out of hand each and
every day there seems to be new
information revealed or leaked the
latest this was the car used for that
mission in the forest caught by security
cameras now an important part of the
investigation but there's the feeling
Turkey's president knows far more than
has been made public clearly the
president of Turkey is trying to use
this incident to weaken the the Saudi
heir apparent but how it's a dangerous
game to play if he plays his cards as
were two roughly or if he still insisted
or two forceful things could rebound so
he's playing them still a little bit
carefully the Turks seem to know what
happened in great detail who may have
been responsible and where they are now
bringing them in front of a Turkish
Court seems unlikely but they're pushing
on with
quiet ease and promise will soon share
what they know with their allies and the
rest of the world Alan Fisher al Jazeera
Istanbul
