South Korean president moon jae-in
watched with members of his cabinet as
the summit got underway his smile one of
deep satisfaction this was the
culmination of friendly engagement that
he started months earlier he admitted he
hadn't slept the night before I along
with all our people sincerely hope that
it will be a successful summit that will
open a new era of completely
nuclearization peace and a new
relationship between South Korea North
Korea and the United States when moon
met Kim at the landmark summit that
paved the way for this meeting viewing
figures peaked at 34 percent almost the
same number watched kim meet with trump
people in seoul following events
thousands of kilometers away that could
shape the relationship with their
fractious neighbor 50 kilometers to the
north its Marable what I thought looking
at that meeting reunification is not far
off
none negative okay
so let's see what's going on can you kim
dongwan
kim dongwan has a different open mindset
compared with his father and grandfather
previous declarations to denuclearize
were made with kim's predecessors only
to end in failure and some North Korea
watchers are warning against
over-optimism
sometimes it looks I would save in
slightly comical to see the exaggerated
expectations and of course South Korean
public is going to be doomed sometimes
it's very strange to see how far they
forgot what what have been happening
here for decades and will happen again
and again and again deeply skeptical of
North Korea's intentions is Japan
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a was
visiting Singapore's neighbour Malaysia
he fears any deal which forces North
Korea to give up longer range missiles
but allows it to keep weapons that can
reach Japan the historic summit is
taking place right now in Singapore I
wish this stomach's success and hope it
brings progress to the issue of nuclear
missiles it's not only people in South
Korea who've been following events
closely North Koreans have also been
seeing carefully crafted news coverage
of their leader in Singapore president
Trump will be able to sell this
agreement as a major win for kim jongwan
explaining to his people how he has just
signed a deal with his country's sworn
enemy will take a lot more tact
Robert bride al Jazeera Seoul
