cheap and versatile plastic is used for
everything furniture tools storage
containers clothing even tea bags and
glitter on birthday cards it's hard to
imagine modern life without it so much
has been created that scientists have
calculated the total amount ever made at
eight point three billion tons and most
of these items are used for only short
periods of time or even just once before
being discarded to litter land and sea
if nothing is done we are heading
towards a planet so full of plastic that
the health of plants animals and humans
alike will be threatened and yet fossil
fuel companies are investing billions of
dollars in producing even more of it
we urgently need to rethink how we
manage the plastic we use or find an
alternative I'm Juliana shots on the
west coast of Canada to meet people
dedicated to clearing plastic wastes
from our oceans an I'm Omar Khalifa in
France we're a movement is afoot to rid
the country of oil-based plastic
so does not believe that plastic waste
can be found on every beach in the world
from the business beaches to the most
isolated and uninhabited islands now no
shoreline is untouched by plastic
pollution and if the current rate of
global production continues there could
be more plastic than fish by weight in
our seas by 2050 here in British
Columbia people have decided enough is
enough
and are taking strides to stop the
tragic destruction of our ocean ocean
legacy is a local foundation whose aim
is to tackle the growing problem of
plastic pollution along the twenty-five
thousand kilometers of coastline here
Chloe Dubois is one of the founders all
right
the British Columbia coast is made up of
deep inlets and rugged Island shorelines
so helicopter travel isn't just a
joyride it's essential today we're
headed to the Clank Wat sound and one of
the 40,000 islands that got the
coastline here these terrains are a bit
tricky it's really hard to tell just how
much debris is actually here because of
the logs and rocks we could spend years
cleaning this island alone it's being
estimated that there's about five point
two five trillion pieces of plastic in
the ocean right now and a lot of those
pieces are free to move wherever they
want around the planet aside from you
know the unsightly mess of pollution on
these gorgeous beaches what kind of
problems do plastic pollution cause when
plastic reaches our ocean it tends to
act as little sponges so any chemicals
that are in the water it will begin to
absorb these chemicals in the plastic
pieces and this is very toxic and very
dangerous for marine life every day
we're finding the new animal or whale
that's been washed ashore with stomachs
full of plastic given the amount of
plastic here I'm not surprised wildlife
is suffering yeah you can tell this is
an old refrigerator there's no way we
could make a dent cleaning this beach by
ourselves
fortunately reinforcements are on the
way
to clean up the beach so they're
bringing in maybe two dozen volunteers
many here come from different local
environmental groups overall there are
5,000 volunteers to call upon across the
region but with so much coastline to
monitor Chloe and her team rely on tip
offs posted on the ocean Legacy website
to prioritize the most crucial locations
flip-flops I've found like 40 flip-flops
are you fair yeah so these are bear claw
marks here in the foam because it smells
fishy so when it washes up on shore the
wildlife is searching for food and
mistakes the styrofoam for being at food
source once collected the plastic is
readied for transport back to the
mainland I am going to learn how to
sling or attack one of these super sacks
and to hook at the base of the
helicopter so he can lift it out of here
since ocean legacy started the team have
collected over five tons of plastic off
islands like this and they're keeping
most of it out of landfills too but what
happens to the plastic they collect
Chloe's invited me back to the recycling
center in Vancouver to find out what's
the next step in the process we take all
of these random hard plastic items and
we're gonna shred them up
the fragments will then be sold on to
companies who will breathe new life into
them styrofoam will become picture
frames beach huts and picnic benches
while bits of old tires will hit the
road again as new tires ocean legacy is
even starting to engage high street
companies such as lush cosmetics who are
using recycled plastic for their
signature packaging so in order to make
the black pots we've needed to turn this
material basically into something that
looks like this so it's still a very
small project but we're looking now in
our organization to grow this much
larger to engage more industry and more
cleanup groups so that we can help
create an economic value for these
materials they're organized as a
nonprofit foundation which means that
all their profits get funneled into
research education and more cleanups
nothing goes to waste here so query what
are we turning this into what's the next
step thank you wait what
how are you turning this into fuel it's
a clever solution plastic is made from
fossil fuels after all to learn more
khloe's taking me to the boat where they
have a prototype of a machine they're
developing on a larger scale we've set
our parameters and the machine is
essentially heating up and will start to
vaporize the plastics the plastic is
converted into fuel through a process of
thermal decomposition called pyrolysis
the machine is airtight and oxygen free
so that the plastic doesn't burn as the
temperature heats up to 410 degrees
Celsius it melts to become a liquid and
then a gas this passes through a tube
into a container filled with cool water
where it condenses and forms oil so who
could obtain a machine like this the
larger scale technology that we're
looking to develop would be ideal for
remote coastal or even Island
communities that don't have readily
accessible fuel source
that end are all so inundated with
plastic pollution everywhere it makes
sense that these remote communities can
use that plastic as a resource towards
something that will benefit the
community the machine will take three
hours to turn the plastic into fuel
in the meantime I'm off to check out
another project less focus on recycling
and more on changing mindsets it's an
artist and author Douglas Coupland
studio on the other side of town these
are yes they big bobblehead dolls
there's the 20th century 20th century
way of looking at plastic is something
shiny and happy and great then there's
like reality in the world right now and
how we're adjusting to that and so these
guys here plastic blade plastic girl
they will be representing the future
these figures are part of Douglass's
installation at the Vancouver Aquarium
and I'm getting them ready for their
debut do you like your new Douglas is
using 11 tons of ocean plastic in his
show what inspired you to create this
installation piece I grew up north this
place called Queen Charlotte Islands
about four years ago I was up there and
plastic bottles were suddenly washing up
on my sacred Beach and it really it was
like an evangelizing moment for me hmm
so I thought well let's make an image of
the trash but one which has a bit of
sort of emotional
tingle to it I guess Copeland isn't
pretending to offer solutions but he is
hoping to engage audiences who
ordinarily wouldn't stop to think about
the problem and ultimately he's hopeful
we can turn things around before it's
too late I'm heartened by the energy
British Columbia is putting in to
tackling the problem of plastic
pollution before I leave I want to
return to the ocean legacy boat to see
how much fuel the machine has produced
so I'm seeing different colors is this
the mix oil separating into different is
it a girl yeah so what's gonna be coming
out of this machine is a mixed oil and
in that oil we can separate into
kerosene oil diesel fuel and petroleum
products so you can make electricity
from it power your lawnmower heat your
home how are you using this fuel
currently we're not making enough of the
fuel to use it in a practical
application so this is just our small
pilot right we've really got the world's
interest right now in launching these
units worldwide
the fuel will emit greenhouse gases and
other pollutants but at least it takes
plastic out of circulation and reduces
the need for fossil fuel extraction so
can we use it in this ship well yep
let's do it
okay end of the hole she goes ready that
sounds good
running on classroom
the thing is the same mask that we
picked up off the beach
Oshin legacy are planning to roll out
these machines starting in British
Columbia in one year's time they aren't
the first organization to try to turn
plastic into fuel or to recycle it
but what impresses me about Chloe and
her team is the determination which
drives them to take a multi-pronged
approach to tackling plastic pollution
it's a problem that won't go away if we
continue to use and discard such huge
amounts of plastic
but what I've seen here gives me hope
that if other groups around the world
were to work in similar ways it could be
possible to make a real difference
around the world more than 40 countries
have imposed laws to cut down on
plastics in 2002 Bangladesh was the
first to prohibit thin plastic bags
after they clogged storm drains during
devastating floods and in Malaysia's
federal territories a recent ban has
been imposed on plastic bags in favor of
biodegradable in compostable bags and
food containers while in Kenya it's
become illegal to produce sell and use
plastic bags with a penalty of up to
four years in jail or a forty thousand
dollar fine but is it too little too
late
plastics may be being banned on land but
they've already made their way into the
sea floating between California and
Hawaii is a massive clump of trash known
as a Great Pacific Garbage Patch it's
the size of Texas and still growing
while in the deep sea one of the most
inhospitable places on earth scientists
have found plastic items almost
completely intact but even more
troubling is what happens when plastic
does degrade micro plastics are fibers
feeds granules of plastic which are
defined by being less than five
millimeters in size they start off as
large pieces of plastic and then due to
littering runoff or poor waste
management they end up in the marine
environment and when they're there
they're exposed to sunlight the sunlight
makes them brittle and the action as the
wind and the waves just breaks them down
and they become smaller and smaller they
don't biodegrade they don't ever really
go away and because they're very small
then they can be readily ingested by a
number of different marine animals and
they can reduce the amount of food that
they consume and in turn that has a
knock-on effect on their growth and
reproducibility we have fine micro
plastics everywhere we've looked we
found them on the surface of the ocean
we found them it's through the water
column we found them in animals like
crabs and worms that live at the bottom
of the seabed so the plastic really is
getting everywhere twenty-five million
tonnes of plastic waste is produced by
Europe each year in France alone five
billion plastic cups are thrown away
annually like many other countries
across the world
France faces a monumental plastic waste
problem and this is driving a growing
number of campaigners and entrepreneurs
to challenge the way that plastic is
used and made will they be able to end
the country's dependence on this
all-pervasive material
25% of all plastic is recycled in France
with the rest ending up in landfills or
worse illegally dumped
I'm meeting counselor and environmental
campaigner Irish Darrin Bosh at one of
the many tips surrounding Paris don't
worry by MDC to the plastic sampling
it's a problem second a country on fatty
material limit the material he wants a
backdrop I see absurd yeah
reduce Amelia so media use that plastic
soo-ji like we did on moon nor for now
twice thank you media say Nam some of
everything one force on the mill
channels securely super machine
Deportivo no the sack in certain demos
own knowledge super machine data model
is not relevant
pourquoi Pascoe on a sec don't crochet
said evolution ecologic Frances 2015 ban
is a good start to encourage people to
reduce their reliance on plastic but the
next target is 2020 when the country
will be the first to ban
single-use items like plastic cups
plates and cutlery
so I'm embarking on a road trip around
France to find out how ready industry
and people are for the changes ahead
first up some roadside services
so I just stopped to get some water and
a coffee its plastic everywhere
one thing is clear it's going to take
serious innovation to wean us of
plastics but on the beach in San manner
there's a possible solution David Cote
manages algo pack a start-up creating
plastic from seaweed so why is seaweed
good as a plastics alternative great
advantage of seaweed is renewable and
it's unlimited we don't need to Arvest
seaweed on the field and it's a fully
biodegradable you'd go back to the sea
what is it about seaweed scientifically
the makeup what is it that makes Italy
what is good in seaweed is the polymer
chain which is very similar to the
polymer chain you can find in the oil
based plastics petroleum-based polymers
are long chains of carbon atoms bonded
together these are produced
synthetically to form conventional
plastic but they can also be made from a
wide range of biomaterials like
vegetable oil or unki like seaweed David
has asked me to help him to collect the
brown variety which also happens to be a
non-native species the real idea that we
have is to take the seaweed which is
invasive which is a pollution in fact
and which is at the date of today burned
sorry this can be a plastics alternative
so it's not gonna be a plastic it's
gonna be a material be obeys the
philippi obeys material which will have
certain characteristics similar to
plastics how gopac started in 2010
and each year they sell 40 tons of a
hundred percent bioplastic made from
hundreds of tons of seaweed there it is
our treasure Xavi a limit ie is in
charge of production at the plant what
are the other ingredients that are in
this VAT so the but to design a young
for me the door see the sidewalk fair so
Xavi is playing this one close to his
chest it is commercially sensitive after
all and from where I stand the process
looks involved first the seaweed is
turned into something that looks like
play-doh before it's dried in an oven
for 15 hours after that it's pulverized
this batch here is destined to become
flowerpots
what exactly does this machine do
alpha-male a poodle on polish I'll go
back
transformation keys of a functioning
detailed Autopia to a depression and
additional million program Sudama
achievement desolate asanas omelet
poodle or material solid there we go
straight to the garden center we have
sixteen small flower pots
how long does something like this take
to decompose it can takes up to four
months twelve months depending as well
on the coating that we can provide if
this was a plastic how long would that
take to decompose five hundred years it
will last five hundred years in the
nature so you're looking at five hundred
years against four months do you see a
gap in the market for your product the
law will give a room in the market but
this room should be at the same price
ninety-eight percent of the people are
ready to go for something which is
greener which is better for the
environment but at the same price right
now I'll go pack is the more expensive
option for consumers but David's hopeful
that in 12 to 18 months they can step up
production to offer products that are
only 15 percent more expensive than
conventional plastics the seaweed
alternative to plastic was really
impressive
there are limitations commercial
viability is super important thing but
if these can be overcome
I think it's got potential with the ban
looming startups around France are
experimenting with plastic alternatives
from materials like milk and cornstarch
I'm off to see another venture in sant
nicola rufle' is an engineer who
recently has developed what he calls the
vegan bottle from an ingredient found in
most of our cupboards in its refined
form what is this product that you want
to show us it should be ok sugar cane
yes how do you turn this into this
Lamia it up psychopathy of the chemistry
you always hear a fairly granulate care
was already plastic amazing you can see
on physical annually oh well it comes
from a on particular scene paper almond
give a new permit the fabric a different
boot a verse here an example during boot
a a party or do like an as you can
confirm it is it not atrazine follow
Geum where does the sugar cane come from
Indonesia right and who does the
transformation from the sugar cane to
these pellets here Paula coming right up
say Phil mother Lizzy yeah player falls
on transforms are those are Nouveau
component and will gradually Papa
welfare system on no pay for a new boot
a as it the other plans
Nikolai's guarding his formula closely I
can see why the results look good so
it's actually a food product yes
so if I finished my juice in this bottle
we and I want to dispose of it I don't
necessarily need to put it in the
plastics
waste you put it in the food waste Oh
mister I think you're more of a Curie
nish élémentaire folks that's what
compost 8kq moi
ample wonder simois CC dozen composter
on this trailer for this bad pokemon
monitor that's amazing but to reduce the
need to grow and transport sugar cane I
can't help feeling it would be better
simply reuse them nevertheless niccola's
vegan bottles are a success his had
orders for 2 million last year and
expects even more for 2018 but like the
seaweed packaging these bottles are more
expensive than conventional plastic 25%
more expensive to be precise so could
something like this really take off so
I'm here in beautiful flower shell and
I've been told that this cafe sells the
sugar cane bottles I'm curious to know
if anyone can tell the difference or if
it even matters to them so does this
look like plastic to you my secret and
how does it feel to know that it's not
plastic no more say to a lobster like
the CJS does that affect your decision
to purchase these types of bottles of
course it's good to purchase something
and be able to be good for the
environment that was an overwhelmingly
positive response and it gives me lots
of hope for the future but is it really
going to be so easy to rid ourselves of
plastics I'm heading back to Paris to
meet up again with activist Arash to
find out what he thinks we all push
dependence a seizure
these are a magnet on the popular
removal de Valence opinion they put it
said you see the soccer field
okay okay no city swap in Udine book
enough Leo's poopy fool gonna fully
teach he's lobbying no nioi with AD I
felt what wish was Francis ban is a
significant step in the right direction
it will take bold political moves like
this plus ingenuity and better choices
on everyone's part to make plastic a
thing of the past
our planet is suffocating from plastic
pollution but around the world people
are taking steps to reduce reuse and
recycle in Africa only 10 percent of
solid waste is collected mostly because
of problems with accessibility but a
social enterprise in Lagos Nigeria is
sending teams on bicycles collects
recyclable materials incentivizing
people by offering goods for their waste
via a point system and in Kenya were as
many as 90 tons of flip-flops wash up on
the coast per year traditional
shipbuilders are now collecting them to
construct boats projects like these are
a start in helping countries and
communities tackle the global plastic
problem at a local level they're key to
turning the tide on plastic before it's
too late
you
