they're all of one faith but there's
nothing spiritual about what's going on
beyond the silence of prayer and thought
leaders of the Orthodox churches here
are split they're either pro-russian or
they want independence and a break from
being answerable to the Orthodox
patriarchy in Moscow we as a church we
try to be independent from Moscow not
because we don't like Russia or so or
something else but we see how Russian
Empire through centuries use Orthodox
Church in our land as a tool of Imperial
policy in this sacred place to the
faithful the Archbishop's words sound
political that's because they are
there's a potent mix in Ukraine of
religion and power politics you only
have to look around the corner here to
see the sort of messaging that's going
on violence and death more than 100
protesters were killed in the Maidan
uprising of 2014 the led to the fall of
pro-russian president viktor yanukovych
then came Russia's annexation of Crimea
and the conflict with pro-russian
separatists in eastern Ukraine now in
its fifth year Ukraine's president Petro
poroshenko stands accused by Russia of
pushing for Orthodox Church independence
from Moscow to boost his chances of
winning another term in elections next
year in Moscow the Patriarchate sees
itself as the Mother Church and it says
independence for Ukraine will be a
catastrophe it's an artificial
establishment and every time politicians
meddle in church affairs it leads to
pain suffering and often bloodshed
because religious conflicts supported by
politicians are the most violent and
tragic we know that from history and
from what is happening in the Middle
East
here in Ukraine not all Orthodox Church
members are in agreement with what's
happening
the manyanya vajna could say it doesn't
matter whether it's a Russian or
Ukrainian church it's hard to see how
believers stack conflicts such as this
one over who the church should report to
the Muslims as a state Ukraine needs
faith as a pillar to hold on to so that
we understand who we can be in the
future what of the future Ukraine's
president is declaring a victory while
Russia warns of religious conflict
Andrew Simmons al Jazeera Kiev
