pails of hot ash rescuers are digging a
hole hoping they will find some clues
for Olga Cisneros this was the root of
the lava a Mexican rescuer points out to
her but she's still confused the house
was supposed to be there but this is
beyond recognition I can't tell I can't
remember
Olga Cisneros is looking for her
boyfriend and his two sons mother three
brothers and two nephews liveth
apparently disappeared under tons of
boiling rocks and ashes of last week's
volcano eruption here at the community
of San Miguel or Lotus one of the
hardest hit men and women are trying to
recover the remains of at least 200 pou
what the Mallon's were still missing but
the ground is still very hot over 70
degrees centigrade yet they go in slowly
what is still very hot ash and one week
after this tragedy they're still finding
bodies remains they have found our
carefully guarded for these rescuers a
brief moment to celebrate but here at
the morgue in the town of his Quindlen
families are waiting to identify
relatives Avis Khan says she has buried
her brother his wife and their six
children already but still has to
identify eight more I will keep on until
I see that I can't any more until
there's nobody left until I realized
there's nothing else that can be done
what the melons like Eva are angry at
the government they say the government
didn't do enough to evacuate them in
time we were used to the volcano this
only happened up the hill it never
happened down here we didn't know how it
was so dangerous to live here for now
victims say they trust these rescuers to
help them find closure in the face of
tragedy and they say they will keep on
digging while keeping a close eye on the
Ville
Kano which remains active Marianna
Sanchez al Jazeera San Miguel Oslo de
soie Tamala
