a moment of history the leader of North
Korea first and then the US president
several hours later arriving in the same
city
this on/off summit is now effectively
underway the face-to-face meeting aimed
at averting a nuclear crisis taking
place on Tuesday Kim jong-un
borrowed a plane from China to bring him
here he's probably the least well
travelled leader on earth in charge of
his isolated nation for six years he had
met no other foreign leader until this
year he came to Singapore with his own
bodyguard unit and brought his own
armored limousine on a cargo plane again
supplied by China remarkably it's only
nine months since President Trump told
the UN General Assembly he was prepared
to annihilate Pyongyang diplomacy did
finally kick in with North Korea sending
a delegation to South Korea's Winter
Olympics in February a historic summit
at the Demilitarized Zone between the
two Koreas was followed by a secret trip
by then CIA director Mike Pompeo the
first of two visits he made to Pyongyang
they paved the way for this summit in
Singapore
Trump briefly canceled this summit last
month and he's repeatedly threatened to
walk away if he doesn't believe the
negotiations are serious a tough line
but at the same time Trump has been
sending mixed messages to Kim before he
flew to Singapore he was asked what he
wanted to achieve at this historic
summit but at a minimum I do believe at
least we'll have met each other we will
have seen each other hopefully we will
have liked each other and will start
that process I would say that would be
the minimal no demand then for the North
Korean leader to commit to completely
give up his nuclear capability but
experts say that Kim is also well aware
that Trump is unpredictable and that
he's coming from another summit the g7
where he fell out with his closest
allies a meeting where the optics are
positive meaning Trump gets a handshake
with Kim jong-un and they both go home
agreeing to some kind of nuclear need
nuclearization deal would go a long way
domestically for president from as much
as it would for the chairman of the
North Korean State Committee
so in in all likelihood I think the
North Koreans are a bit but they are
careful at the same time as Kim had a
brief courtesy meeting with Singapore's
Prime Minister news emerged that he was
planning to leave the city just five
hours after his meeting with Trump that
suggests there will not be lengthy
substantive talks but we shouldn't
discount the idea that the North Korean
side may perhaps oblique those proposed
timings as a negotiation tactic James
BAE's al Jazeera Singapore
