there's no denying it white players have
long made up the majority in South
Africa's national rugby team known as a
springbok
the team was once regarded as a symbol
of apartheid and white supremacy but
this man SIA Khaleesi has made history
by becoming the team's first ever black
text captain South Africa is still
struggling with addiction part 8
Coletta's appointment has once again got
people talking about race
some people believe sports like rugby
expose the country's resistance to
change both rugby and the South African
government doesn't want to raise class
and transformation then while we are see
a collision becoming the captain of the
Springboks black rugby in townships is
almost dead black clubs are dead
histories are dead black school rugby is
dead so this idea that it's a sign or
once again it's a false sign but these
young players say seeing see equality
lead one of the base rugby sides in the
world is inspiring
they hope it helps open more doors for
black players especially those who come
from deprived communities from the
township so most people you take it as
if you from the township you can play
unfortunately that's not the case he's
on the field in these is reka so hot
doesn't seem like it the government
wants to level the playing field using
racially based pota systems in rugby for
example it once a 50% of players taking
part in domestic leagues and
representing international sides but the
year 2019 to be black it's controversial
some black and white rugby fans believe
players should be picked on merit some
sports commentators say making see
equality the first black test captain is
hugely significant a step towards
improving racial equality in sports the
World Cup is a mixture if the team wins
he would be a hero if they perform badly
some South Africans could question his
appointment in poor communities such as
suet Oh young players say see our policy
has shown him hard work and the
determination to succeed can get you
places
some of them are no longer just eyeing a
spot in the national team they also want
to be the captain one day and lead the
Springboks to victory Caritas our
al-jazeera Janice Berg
