inside and outside the g7 summit
disruption has replaced diplomacy on the
streets demonstrators are descending on
Quebec City where Canada's leaders
intend to avert a repeat of the 2001
summit of the Americas where these
streets erupted in riots this time 9,000
police are taking no chances
even Quebec snell assembly is shut down
if it turns bad he didn't get you can
get pretty nasty I want to make sure
that we took the good decision
shopkeepers have boarded up buildings as
the first protesters filled the streets
the first demonstration of the g7 began
peacefully and it turned into a march as
you can see there were speakers people
ate baguettes and hundreds of people
demonstrated but peacefully but when the
police came they showed that they were
prepared in case there was trouble
planners were so concerned that they've
completely secured the summit site at
Charlevoix leaving demonstrators to
gather a hundred and forty kilometers
away in Quebec City at the gathering
itself leaders are calling it the g6
plus one the u.s. against the rest all
six US allies in the group of seven of
the world's largest economies oppose
Donald Trump's tariffs on steel and
aluminum and hope to avert a trade war
but that's it together perhaps Trump
doesn't mind he's being isolated today
but for us here at matters because these
six countries here represent values they
represent the economic market with a
strong history and as one certainly also
represent a true force on the
international level
it's the diplomatic equivalent of a
family intervention as Donald Trump
prepared to arrive
French president Emmanuel macron and
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
met to talk about how to talk to the US
president there's no question that on
trade on climate change on some other
issues there will be differences of
perspective but the role of the g7 is to
provide a context to highlight the ways
we work together and work through some
of the differences in perspectives Trump
fired back via Twitter saying in
part please tell Prime Minister Trudeau
and president McCrone that they are
charging the u.s. massive tariffs and
create non-monetary barriers the meeting
could end in a show of unity or a
showdown if you are going to carve the
world up and you're gonna have United
States versus rest of world the rest of
the world is going to be bigger and it's
gonna be more important as the leaders
and protesters gather in Quebec those
watching the g7 around the world remain
in suspense wondering whether history
will be made inside the meeting or
outside
John hendren al Jazeera Quebec City
