the Japanese Prime Minister will see
Donald Trump at the upcoming g7 summit
in Canada but Shinzo Abe amid a detour
to Washington to ensure he could get
some private time with the US president
to discuss North Korea as a to settle
down in the Oval Office the president
admitted he didn't feel the need for a
lot of preparation before his historic
summit in Singapore I don't think I have
to prepare very much it's about attitude
it's about willingness to get things
done but I think I've been preparing for
the summit for a long time Prime
Minister Abby wants to make sure key
Japanese demands aren't lost in the
moment that any deal isn't just good for
the US but its allies
I hope the upcoming meeting in Singapore
represents the beginning of a bright new
future for North Korea and indeed a
bright new future for the world the
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
would usher in a new era of prosperity
security and peace for all Koreans north
and south and for people everywhere when
Donald Trump traveled to Japan in
November he met the families of Japanese
citizens allegedly abducted by the North
Koreans in the 70s and 80s the release
is top of Prime Minister Abbey's agenda
associate kono dr. Monday no tiger sent
a soda on behalf of the citizens of
Japan I would like to thank President
Trump and the people of the United
States for their understanding and
support towards the resolution as the
abduction issues Donald Trump believes
the summit in Singapore can make
progress towards North Korea abandoning
its nuclear program but insists he could
still walk away he's holding out the
carrot of better international relations
for Pyongyang and the stick of many more
sanctions if it all falls apart the
Japanese Prime Minister left the White
House having played his part and a
typical Trump cliffhanger dodging him in
the world - stay tuned to see what comes
next
Alan Fisher al Jazeera Washington
