it's been a lifeline for yen and the
proportion per data is now the center of
the civil war government forces and a
Saudi emirati coalition are preparing us
without offensive against put the rebels
what will it mean for a deliveries and
for victims of one of the world's worst
humanitarian disasters this is inside
story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Elizabeth puranam for more than
three years the people of Yemen have
endured war hunger and disease the UN
estimates more than 10,000 people have
been killed and three quarters of the
population depend on international aid
now fighting for control of her data
could make the situation even worse the
Red Sea port is the gateway for 70% of
Yemen's food supplies and half its fuel
needs it's also the point of entry for
medicines and other essentials needed by
22 million people just to survive the UN
and the US have warned against an attack
by the Saudi Emirati coalition fighting
cookie rebels well let's bring in our
panel now from Sanaa is Hussein al
bukhari a procedural ax stand via Skype
also from Sanaa is more seen Siddiqui
country director for yemen with Oxfam
international a very warm welcome to
both of you mr. Sadiki let me start with
you
what would an assault on the port of
Hadi de mean for what is already the
world's worst humanitarian crisis and
also for the some 600,000 people who
live in the city of Hoda
well I mean Yemen is already the world
wars he mention a crisis is at the brink
of armed
I mean femmine and coup d'etat is one of
the principal ports of the country I
mean through which the food supplies
medicines and other essentials come too
so if I mean the fighting at the moment
if reaches who data and then if this
lifeline is cut off it does I mean
clearly indicates that I mean there will
be I mean stop and cut off of this food
medicine and other essentials which will
have I mean further impact on the
populations and and already in this
world worst ever human crisis and due to
these three years of war mr. boo ket the
UN's on warfare even Martin Griffiths is
in the capital
if thought to actually broker a deal to
avert a possible assault on ho day there
under which the UN would take control of
the port would the Houthis agree to that
no I didn't think that the ho t will
accept to hand over who they deport or
how they the city because the this leak
leak requested that the UN has asked to
hunt over ho de Deportes was not from
this you're in envoy it was as well
before it was from the smiley with this
shape un-british UN envoy to Yemen and
it's really strange to ask from one side
to withdraw from a city because as you
say is one of the last humanitarian line
into Yemen instead of doing that you can
ask the Saudi to stop targeting the city
this actually show you the biased of the
United Nation is it true that they have
requested for hold it withdraw from ho
data port but I'm sure they will not
accept that because if they would draw
from this city then next time the UN
will ask them to draw from Sara to draw
from other city so you have to stop
either have a ceasefire not to target
the port leave this lifeline going as it
used to be instead of target of targeted
by the saudi-led coalition mr. boo kaity
because her data is such a crucial
lifeline for the millions of people in
Yemen wouldn't it be better if it was
controlled by a neutral organization
like the United Nations rather than the
Houthis I mean I mean look is the whole
theory ominous and then the saudi-led
coalition is made from mercenary if from
Colombia so how can you accept it that
you leave a city because a foreign
coalition is attacking the city this is
just just nonsense and I don't think it
will be accepted and Yemeni people as
well will not accept that the host he
will agree will agree to that there is a
war south of her data and if that's all
you will not to stop the house he will
continue its effort will continue its
fighting to protect that part and on the
top of that
can we guarantee that whole day the city
will not be like in a chaos like the
same in Eden I think that the UN should
actually take over
Eden port and a density to secure it
because it's not secured now
al-qaeda's running free there there are
many attacks and suicide attacks almost
every week assassination every day and
today the city the only attack that's
happening there is by the saudi-led air
strike they show you the difference
between security and her day they are in
Aden so I think they should actually
control Aden not her data but it is her
day that that is the point of focus now
mr. Sadiki who do you think should be in
control of this vital port at this time
do you think that the Houthis should
give up their control to the United
Nations well in my view I mean we are he
mention our concern so we are really
really concerned that if the Lifeline is
is cut then that will have a catastrophe
and and I mean moorefamily have to
basically bury their loved ones there
will be more hunger more deaths we are
really concerned that at the fighting
stopped and the international community
put pressure on both the warring parties
to return to the peace talks and the
fighting and find a political solution
so I mean in any our view I mean we want
a discussion yeah on rescission and
through which we can find this political
solution and we might be might be closer
to that political solution because as
all of this is playing out it seems they
could be a breakthrough and ending the
conflict the Reuters news agency says
it's seen a draft proposal for a peace
plan written by the United Nations
it says the plan includes a call on the
Houthi rebels to give up their ballistic
missiles which they've been firing into
Saudi Arabia and in return the Saudi
Emirati coalition would end its bombing
campaign against the Houthis which has
been going on for more than three years
the document also reportedly includes
proposals for a transitional government
which would involve the Houthis mr.
Bukhari I'm sure you're aware of this
proposed peace plan what do you make of
it do you think that the
these are willing are ready to give up
their ballistic missiles for a seat at
the table in a transitional government I
just want to mention that when head of a
political Council Madi Alma shot in
Sanaa when he has met they are in my he
said like I'm quoting him he said we
have our hand on the trigger but as well
we have the other hand welcome in any
peace or serious pistol with all parties
so it was clear message that we will not
hand over our weapons and this leaked by
the way evaluators I think they just
want to make the breaking news I think
they are baseless because I don't think
that the UN actually will actually dare
to ask the host to give up they didn't
say like to stop ballistic missile
exchange in return of stopping Saudi
campaign they say to had to give up
their ballistic missiles and in the
return of the Saudi to stop to end their
campaign the Saudi can switch back the
air campaign in Yemen in a matter of
second but if you give our your
ballistic missiles how can you if the
Saudi didn't I mean change their mind I
mean this is the only weapons that the
whole they have to hurt Saudi so I don't
think they would actually if they think
of hand in it and we remember what
happens before the invasion of Iraq the
even has asked them to hand over his
weapons and hours before the invasion he
has destroyed one of the elastic
long-range ballistic missile and what
happened as soon as he destroyed his
ballistic missiles the United State has
invaded Iraq so it will be hit the same
and I'm sure they will not hand over any
weapons so then if they don't hand over
mr. politely if they don't hand over
their weapons do they think that they
can still win this war militarily
because if they don't hand over their
weapons how do they expect to stop this
war I mean the one who should ask him to
stop the war was the one who started the
war when holy talk over power either you
call the Makah or not it was an internet
an internal matter I mean there are many
curves around the world no one will
interfere military to stop it so that
all this crisis the cholera the you know
outbreak and this humanitarian yeah
crisis in Yemen it started after the
saudi-led coalition war in Yemen
it didn't start because of the house eco
and as I said you cannot hand over your
weapons while you still under attack
under blockade but unfortunately and no
one actually can accept that but
unfortunately for the Houthis mr. boo
kaity
it is the government of exiled president
herbs Rabbu Mansour Hadi that is
supported by the saudi-led coalition
that you speak of that is the
internationally recognized government of
Yemen and not the Houthis that the
international community recognizes as
the leaders in the country mr. Sadiki if
I can come to you you know mr. McCarthy
was speaking about the humanitarian
problems that the country is facing so
you know after more than three years of
war what is its take here for the people
of Yemen I know that your organization
said on Wednesday that Yemen is one step
away from famine now and that millions
could be affected obviously this is
really really obvious you can you can
imagine that the 22 million people are
need of he mention aid and even
protection assistance I mean as I said
also that the public servants they have
not been I mean paid for their salaries
for the last two years I mean people do
not have a measure or even mean to get
an income a school being closed for four
I mean years I mean for six percent of
health facilities are non-functional and
then the cholera outbreak was one of the
world's I mean worst ever that killed
basically over 2,000 people and recorded
I mean over a million cases of cholera
and then if I mean porta-potties both
the warring parties do not stop fighting
if they do not I mean listen that is
basically international community's
responsibility to put pressure on both
the warring parties to end this I mean
fighting and and start
I mean peace negotiation we are also
concerned that in the peace I mean plan
there is no participation of civil
society organizations and women's and in
the world we have seen where women's
voice and the civil society voices have
been hard the piece basically stays more
than 15 years and now this new situation
while four or five front lines active
and in the new basically I mean movement
or data and if both the persons do not
listen then it would really be a
catastrophe I mean in day and I would
say I mean even more catastrophic
military so military military I mean III
don't think there is the military
solution mr. McCarthy all solution and
so mr. McCarthy what will it take for
the Houthis to agree to a political
solution one that the United Nations is
now reported to be proposing I think
there is they will only accept an
unbiased plan
there must be first as a ceasefire in
all front but that is what they become
the United Nations is proposing a
ceasefire and if when you say a
non-biased plan what is biased about
this plan and if it's not coming from
the United Nations who would propose
this non-biased plan yeah I mean look
there this plan it has not been made
public we are talking about a leaked
plan by Reuters it could be a big lie
just just to make to make the news but
to look into this into this plan when I
say biased is when you ask one group to
give up their ballistic missile a return
that the other side will stop bombing
you what what the only thing that
guarantee that you you can actually it
may be fight the saudi back is the
weapons that you have how can you hand
it that's what I'm saying but do you not
just a United Nations in the whole the
internet our community as a you know as
a backer of this plan would guarantee it
would prevent further saudi-led
coalition attacks if the Houthis were to
give up their ballistic weapons okay is
there no trust in the United Nations or
the international community and mr.
McCarthy what what you know what to be
honest with you
me personally I think the holiday we
came to most yemeni we came
to a conclusion that we don't trust all
international community and especially
the ony I will explain to you before in
muscat about two years ago
there was a plan and and before the how
they accepted the 22:16 resolution they
were told that if you accept this we
will guarantee that the world will stop
and then we will go in how to implement
the 22:16 what happens they have
accepted and what happened that's how
they continue its war that's why when I
say biased because this is what the
United Nation has been doing some
external economy must the United Nations
people ceasefire who do you see as a
mediator in this conflict that has to
end I think this should be talks between
the hosi between parties in Sanaa
including the Houthi and Saudi Arabia
the this first thing and the United
Nations if it want to be to mediate and
this in this war they should at least
mention the Saudi as one side and when I
say biased I can dare I mean anyone
watching watching me now to bring me a
document from any random void into Yemen
or UN Security Council that has
mentioned the Saudi as a part of this
world
how can you mediate if you're not
mentioned in the Saudi and the Saudi is
leading this coalition against Yemen
that is the proof that UN and all your
in plan are totally biased just
mentioned the Saudi as part of this war
and then the Saudi will be held
responsible if they break any ceasefire
if they do not accept any any agreement
that will come in the future doing that
and I think we will reach a solution
soon all right mr. Bukhari mr. Sadiki
I'd like to give you the last word on
this no doubt you and your organization
and all other eight groups are
desperately hoping for a solution you
know what is your message to the warring
parties and the international community
I think I have already mentioned is
basically three things the first and put
the warring parties they have to end the
fighting without putting any
precondition the first one the second
one they have to agree that without any
precondition they are I mean going back
to the
negotiation the third one is basically
in order to establish a trust between or
even among different warring parties I
think the UN and international
communities have to mean
lead and coordinate and inclusive and
and participatory
I mean peace negotiation processes I
mean including both civil society women
and both I mean in sauna and also in in
in other forums and it may take number
of I mean piece I mean conversation I
think I think the third one until I mean
the total ceasefire end up fighting
happen and then peace is established I
mean we want to see that the human
agencies do not face any problems in
providing human services to the people
in need and then I think the last one
would be there should be a political
solution that what will be the
transitional means I mean let's say
mechanism I mean once a piece I mean is
established all right mr. Sadiki thank
you very much for that that is marcin
Siddiqui in sauna and also in sauna
hussein alba Katie thank you both very
much and now joining us from London is
Mohammad zoom a a Yemeni journalist for
the alcove newspaper mr. zoom a the u.s.
is among a number of countries and
organizations that are warning the
Emiratis not to try and seize control of
the port of hada will the Emiratis
refrain do you think from launching an
attack which were further devastate the
humanitarian situation well I think the
problem with her data is very
complicated we have around we have up to
maybe 1 million Yemenis living in the
city and it's a small city and it's the
most important city in doraji on the Red
Sea coast about 70% of the import of the
Yemenis and the human aid comes from
this port in the west of Yemen
it's for all of these reasons mr. Zhu
made that the us that aid organizations
the UN are asking the Emiratis not to
launch this attack so do you think that
they will take heed of that call well I
think they are going to advance until
they BC the city the whole city room
from the other day the land and they are
going to put more pressure on the hafiz
inside the city I don't think they are
going to take it over because it will
cost a lot of a lot of things in terms
of human sufferings in on the Yemenis in
the city and on in on the Yemenis
outside even in the capital of Sanaa
because of the humanitarian aids will be
cut off if they attack the city mr.
Jimmy there are reports that the UN's
Envoy for Yemen is trying to broker a
deal so that there isn't an assault on
her data and could possibly see the UN
take control of the port what do you
make of that do you think that the UN
should be in control of this important
port well that was a plan more than one
year ago when the saudi-led coalition
suggested to the United Nation to take
the port of Hoda as something or as a
solution because the Houthis will never
give it to the government forces and
will also not give it to the saudi-led
coalition but unfortunately at the time
the United Nations refused to take it
because they said they lack the they
lack the logistics to control the
Haditha now I'm not quite sure I think
this changed because we have a new plan
which depends on taken away the
ballistic missiles of the Houthis and
from all the factions military factions
in the country but whether or not this
plan is going to be implemented I think
it is too early to suggest that yes they
these are just reports so far we heard
from the pro Houthi journalists
hüseyin Albuquerque earlier who said
that the Houthis would not be giving up
their ballistic missiles because they
don't trust the UN and the international
community to guarantee that the Saudis
will not continue their bombing campaign
do you think that the saudi-led
coalition is ready now to sit down with
the Houthis for this proposed negotiated
settlement for a you know ceasefire for
a transitional government later on well
this is I mean this plan is not you it's
similar to the plan offered and
suggested by a missile the share the
former one the former UN compared to
Yemen in virtue and sorry I
while the Houthis do not trust the
international community and do not trust
the saudi-led coalition and the emini
governments again the Yemeni government
and the saudi-led coalition do not trust
the rotis because there were more than a
hundred agreement signed by the Houthis
and some local leaders like tribal
leaders and military leaders in the past
and within the some politicians during
the war between the regime of Saleh the
former president and the Houthis and no
one of these agreements has been
fulfilled or implemented so there is no
trust there is no confidence there is no
trust between all parties anyone it's
not an the matter of the Houthis do not
trust the government the government also
do not trust the Houthis and I don't
think in this situation this new plan
will go further so what will it take
then missus you may because there's so
much at stake in Yemen so many millions
of lives at stake to build trust to
actually get to the point where all
sides are willing to negotiate well the
problem is and all parties in Yemen are
thinking that they are still strong to
fight from the government side they
think that they are making good advance
and who day that was the city they are
now just a few kilometers from the port
and
there is no point from their point of
view of sitting around like a
negotiation table discussing the issues
with the Houthis and from the other side
the Houthis are feeling that they are
not defeated and they have to fight
until the last moment so it's difficult
unless the parties in him and the
factions in him and those military
militants in the in the country the
government and the Houthis come to an
agreement or come to the to an idea that
they will never achieve anything with
war with weapon and the only solution
could be the peaceful solution unless
they come to this end point
then I don't think there is any sort of
lies at the end of the tunnel mr. Jimmy
just very briefly what will it take for
them to come to that point though I
think the international pressure on them
on the government and on the hokies
there is the two-two-one six by the
Asian the resolution of the United
States and sorry the resolution saying
frankly that the host the Houthis must
give up the weapons which was belonging
to the army there are many arming all
the hope is going to give a give it up
you said that the Hossein almighty said
they will never give it because they
yeah they have no trust in the
government so if this is the case if
this is a situation the only pressure
will go on to the government there is no
pressure on to the 40s because they are
militia they cannot like a nor
pressurize them alright mr. Jimmy thank
you very much for that that is Mohammed
Jimmy
joining us live from London and to our
earlier guests to Hussain al bukhari and
more since Siddiqui both of whom had
joined us from the Yemeni capital sana
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again at any time by
visiting our website al-jazeera calm and
for further discussion to go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story you can
also join the conversation on Twitter a
handlers at AJ inside story from the
Elizabeth or Adam and the whole team
here
for now
you
