moving a friendly with Argentina from
the port city of Haifa to this stadium
in West Jerusalem has turned into
something of a known goal for Israeli
football now Israeli fans won't get to
see Leonel Messi and the rest of the
squad in a pre World Cup warm-up under
Palestinian pressure Argentina has
pulled out the Palestinian Football
Association accused Israel of
politicizing the game because it ignored
the anger there is over the u.s.
decision to recognize Jerusalem as
Israel's capital Israeli government
interference moved from Haifa to
Jerusalem start talking that this is on
the 70th anniversary of the
establishment of the State of Israel
51 anniversary of liberating Jerusalem
resolution Israel's Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu is reported to have
phoned
Argentina's President to try to get him
to persuade the team to change its mind
but it's your mockery here wishing the
squad luck said it wasn't up to him
Israel's president said in a statement
it is truly a sad morning for soccer
fans including some of my grandchildren
but there are values that are even
bigger than Messi the politicization in
the Argentinian decision is of great
concern even in the most difficult times
we made every effort to leave
considerations that are not purely about
sport off the playing field and it is a
pity that the Argentine team did not
manage to do so on this occasion Israel
wants to normalize the idea of Jerusalem
as its capital in the minds of the
international community trying to host
an international football game here fits
with that strategy but this time the
plan backfired because instead everybody
has been reminded how the final status
of Jerusalem is far from settled Burnett
Smith al Jazeera West Jerusalem
