at first glance this is just another day
at school for these children in Yemen's
subtle province but these are survivors
of a horrific attack which took place
last August as they were making their
way to school on a bus 40 of their
friends died it's their first day back
since the attack happened 14 year old
Ahmed Ali hun OSH tried to hold back
tears recalling the friends he lost in
the attack by a saudi-led military
alliance airstrike on a market on August
14th we tell the enemy's that our
classmates blood won't be in vain and
that will avenge them by getting an
education we will avenge them by
learning thank God who saved me from
this strike and from the hands of this
vendor's crime as these survivors resume
their morning routines joining morning
exercise drills in the sand yard or
attending classes in wheelchairs other
students share their fears van hollen we
said after we lost our dearest
schoolmates and we're worried that the
enemies will strike our school
sorry Arabia accepted that the attack
had killed civilians and that it was
unjustified but the United Nations
Committee for child rights says that is
not enough now the problem and this is
what we pointed out to them with this
team is firstly it's set up by the
coalition lyrics essentially
investigating themselves secondly it's
comprised of members of from coalition
countries so it doesn't involve any any
known coalition countries the UN
estimates at least 1,200 children have
been killed and nearly the same number
injured in airstrikes since March of
20% of all civilian deaths are children
that's one in five civilians killed as a
child nearly half a million children in
Yemen have dropped out of school since
the start of the war bringing the total
number of out of school children to 2
million according to UNICEF hala
all of those wounded continue to attend
school without exception as long as it's
ok for them to attend
they come on crutches or wheelchairs
what we've shown is that education for
our children is paramount they attend in
spite of their wounds and their fears
while the international community
continues to increase pressure on Saudi
Arabia the war in Yemen goes on and the
number of innocent victims continues to
rise
Dora Jabari al Jazeera
