for young women city streets can be or
seemed a hostile environment one way to
improve that thinks an international
charity is to highlight which areas are
best and which worst for the last month
women in Sydney have been encouraged to
use a website to mark where they felt
particularly safe or unsafe when and why
more than 3000 incidents have been
uploaded so far
data is so powerful and it tells a story
through numbers which a lot of the time
is one of the only ways that decision
makers can be swayed these women from
the Charity Plan International are now
visiting the hotspots taking photographs
for an art project to publicize the
initiative among them is a woman with
almost a million followers on a social
media platform Instagram 70% women aged
18 to 24 which is basically the
demographic that we're aiming for for
this particular project although
thousands of women are providing the
data it's not them that the data is
necessarily for this initiative isn't
about warning women off visiting certain
areas but rather about providing a cache
of data for city planners to improve
infrastructure where women tell them
they feel unsafe sexual harassment on
the street is a worldwide problem plan
international has rolled out its website
to four other cities as well as Sydney
maps are being created in Kampala Lima
Madrid and New Delhi
everyone should be made aware about
where we feel safe from where we don't
perhaps this will help us in making
unsafe places safe to those behind this
initiative hope information will provoke
change the more people know where there
are issues that need to be addressed the
more likely they'll address them Andrew
Thomas al Jazeera Sydney
