just a few years ago Pablo would have
had little choice but to migrate from
his small village in the state of Oaxaca
to Mexico's north or like many to the
United States
now there's another option were hackers
first cucumber plant que si esta it's
good to live in Mexico this is where
we're from we go to the US and they
don't want us there Jose Rob lays
himself returning migrant set it up with
his brother Mario 16 years ago at one
greenhouse and four employees now they
have 75 not what's going on these
cameras when we started it was a battle
to get people there are very few because
they all emigrated but now they come to
work here
the plant is as yet an outlier in a poor
state were many a forced to head to the
US to look for work while their families
depend on the remittances that provides
but nationally the panorama is changing
little by little we're no longer in the
years of the Mexican migration boom in
fact the population of Mexicans in the
United States is very slowly shrinking
as more returned home than head there
it's not easy for attorneys to enter the
local workforce authorities are given
them some help with Airport welcomes
Mexican documents and in some cases
funds to start businesses some firms
like the cucumber plant along with
others especially call centers
we're also profiting from the efficient
often bilingual labor but for many
returning workers the sticking point is
the low pay Orsolya is earning less than
a hundred dollars a week in the cucumber
business and would head back to the
states and the better salaries in a
heartbeat every crossing the border got
easier called safer home was that we
work in the fields and the money isn't
enough things are expensive and the
children needed to keep up with their
studies I've really suffered to pay for
my son's university the hope is that in
the future Mexican salaries and
opportunities continue to rise keeping
more of the young like Pablo at home
John Holman al Jazeera Oaxaca
