where once there was an open border of
the European Union
now there's an electrified-fence
migrants and refugees still trying to
enter Europe aren't welcome in Hungary a
landslide win in parliamentary elections
in April has encouraged Prime Minister
Viktor Orban and his Fidesz party to go
further despite protests by the EU and
local activist groups a new law is being
debated that would criminalize any
support including legal advice given to
asylum seekers who do make it through
access to justice and due process are
fundamental European values and this
legislation specifically targets that
saying asylum seekers shouldn't be
helped because if you help us Highland
seekers you face the risk of being
thrown in jail I put that to mr. Orban
spokesman your question implies that the
so called NGOs that are active and
operating at the borders but both sides
of the borders or if it's about
migration are humanitarian organizations
and philanthropic our finding is that
they are actively promoting migration at
the borders of the European Union but
where are these mainly Muslim illegal
migrants that state-run media
relentlessly warned during the election
campaign would flood Hungary and
undermine its Christian values the
advance of Viktor Orban and his policies
has proved unstoppable in three
consecutive parliamentary elections
meanwhile the advance of Muslim
migration on this society has been
pretty comprehensively stopped at what
is now
Hungary's heavily fortified southern
border it is as if this new legislation
is aimed less at illegal migrants and
more at civil society which brings us to
the other great fear that stalks
Hungary's prime minister the billionaire
financier George Soros and the network
of liberal minded NGOs he supports he
made it fairly clear what kind of future
he thinks of Europe when his
pro-democracy he's probably the kind of
democracy in the form of democracy he
promotes and his organization
are promoting are very far from real
democracy because they rely or would
like to relight so-called NGOs that have
been founded and financed by the church
and the like-minded people the new
measures being debated are collectively
known as the stop Soros bill in
anticipation of difficult times the
Soros funded Open Society Foundations
announced last week it was pulling out
of Hungary that's a loss to free
thinking society but a win for one of
Europe's most liberal governments that
now looks unassailable Jonah hull al
jazeera Budapest
