in the village of San Miguel Flores
there's evidence of destruction
everywhere a massive volcanic eruption
unleashed a torrent of lava mud and ash
which engulfed the community the so
called pyrotechnic flow raced down the
side of the Fuego volcano giving people
little time to escape rescue workers
struggled to find bodies many of which
were buried inside their houses like
this so it's muy difficile access is
very difficult and it's really hot in
the places we're trying to dig bodies
out of the ash the deeper you dig the
more intense the heat by morning the
scale of disaster was becoming clear the
volcanic mudflows buried entire families
this is the epicenter of the slide and
it's the focus of the rescue efforts
right now rescue workers pouring out
across this area going into houses and
pulling out bodies in just 15 minutes
we've seen four bodies pull pull out
there's not a lot of hope for survivors
sunday's volcanic eruption shot ash more
than six kilometers into the sky and
sent lava streaming down a highway
it was the Fuego volcanoes most powerful
eruption in decades more than 3000
people fled to temporary shelters but
while they might be out of harm's way
the memories still linger we were all
yelling run get out because some people
didn't believe what was happening so
many people died it was horrible all we
have left is what we were able to carry
what I'm almost president visited the
site on Monday he promised to release
government funds to help with
reconstruction we met until the early
hours of the morning to ensure that all
the legalities and agreements are
functioning now this will go back to the
Congress to put these resources into
operation with complete transparency but
for many of those who survived it's
difficult to imagine what it will take
to recover the scale of this disaster is
simply too great
David Mercer al-jazeera second
becase Guatemala
