after nine days in detention
Lara al-qasim was given a glimpse of the
intense interest her cases generated the
22 year old has been denied entry to
Israel since her arrival at Tel Aviv
Airport the Israeli government says
while studying in Florida she led her
university branch of the boycott
divestment and sanctions movement which
advocates economic and cultural measures
against Israel
she says she's no longer an active
member the Minister strategic affairs
together with the Minister of Interior
have decided that BDS is not about
actions it's not about acting it's about
and if you think it's legitimate you
have no right our custom had been
accepted for a master's course in
transitional justice at Jerusalem's
Hebrew University
she'd obtained the necessary visa ahead
of time the university has joined her
appeal in the Israeli Court Lara our
customs legal team argues that there's
an inconsistency in the government case
that an active campaigner for an
organization that advocates boycotting
Israeli academic institutions would
hardly pay one to come and study on its
campus her case is the latest of several
incidents of detention and deportation
involving left-wing activists and
commentators in July Jewish American
activist Ariel gold was deported despite
possessing a student visa over alleged
Pro BDS activities in August left-wing
US journalist Peter Beinart
who's advocated boycotting products from
illegal West Bank settlements was
detained and questioned on his way into
the country it's concerned even diehard
supporters of Israel in the u.s. -
leading such voices arguing in the New
York Times this week that Israel should
welcome BDS activists without
restriction the Israeli government
however says
al-qasim will only be allowed into the
country if she publicly repudiates the
movement
meets those criteria based on her
accident and the actions of the
organization of which she was a senior
leader over several years al-qasim says
she won't publicly condemn the BDS
movement but neither will she advocate
for it if allowed to study in Israel her
course starts on Sunday Harry Fawcett al
Jazeera occupied East Jerusalem
