our oil prices have been falling this
week with the world's biggest producers
looking at a change in strategy reports
say Saudi Arabia and Russia may increase
oil production last year it was about
reducing the amount of oil in the
world's energy markets so now any
proposal to boost output would mean a
major reset that's going to affect crude
prices and investors will be waiting
until June 22nd when OPEC members meet
in Vienna to see what happens well
joining us now from Zurich is Cornelia
my economist and independent energy
analysts good to speak with you again
there Cornelia so are we looking at a
major rethink then in in the strategy of
the oil producers what I don't think
we're looking at a major rethink but we
are looking at them addressing the issue
that we have over the last year lost
about a million barrels out of Venezuela
and we are going to lose a few hundred
thousand out of Iran thanks to the
sanctions so I think they're looking at
it they say compliance of the OPEC
non-opec agreement is at a hundred
eighty three percent which Russian
Energy Minister Alexander Novak sort of
equated with being at about 1 million
barrels so they're gonna say ok there is
some Headroom and they're gonna put some
in but it's not gonna be that easy
because within OPEC you know when one
country ups production and others might
feel slighted because you know you have
a very delicate balance or firm of
production quotas so what's behind all
of this then do you think I mean is it
is it part of it part of it just that
they were too good at wanting to raise
prices before and now we're seeing the
effects of that no I think what they've
done is they've take it was not a price
thing it was getting rid of that
overhang there was it was just a glut of
oil in the market there was an overhang
off of inventories and the the agreement
of cooperation was designed to take out
that overhang and put it back to the
five-year average for OECD countries
they have achieved us
mission accomplished now what's happened
in the mean
instead the idea obviously the sanctions
against Iran it's been Israel falling
off a cliff it's also in Nigeria and
Libya having their own internal problems
so a lot of countries actually are
producing less than they were expected
to produce or exporting less and we're
expected to produce and and I expect it
to and produce even less so so so now
they've sort of over achieved and now
they need to address the overachievement
and how does the United States figure
into all of this and particularly the
shale oil producers there well I think
figures in quite a lot because the u.s.
is set to overtake was scheduled to
overtake Russia's the world's largest
producer this this year Russia is
currently the largest producer so on one
hand we will see more exports of of the
oil from of the oil from the US
especially shale oil we had China for
instance it's never imported more than
they're slated to import this month from
the US but mind you there's another
thing also if you're Russia and if
you're Saudi Arabia you know the two
really big producers in Saudi Arabia do
real only real swing producer and then
obviously you want that agreement of
cooperation because you need to give a
counterbalance to this new emerging
American powerhouse of exporting crude
good to speak with you Cornelia Meyer
joining us there from Zurich Thank You
Hassim
