I am Sonia okay and Emily could be Lila
and you're in the stream today will
returning white-owned line two black
Africans help South Africa
well discuss the country's plan for land
expropriation without compensation the
African National Congress says it wants
to take back land without compensation
from white farmers and transfer
ownership to black citizens the plan
aims to reduce racial disparities in
land ownership caused by the nation's
history of land dispossession where
colonizers forced black South Africans
to live in rural reserves white South
Africans still owned the majority of
land in the country that is 80 percent
black since the end of apartheid in 1994
the government has been slowly buying
back a white owned land for
redistribution to black farmers but
government critics say the process has
taken too long and has brought little
change so how should South Africa right
the wrongs of the past as far as land is
concerned with us to talk about this in
portrait strim Elmander Percy she is an
associate professor of law at Northwest
University where she teaches land reform
indigenous law and property law in Cape
Town Suchet Ingo bezzie is a sociologist
and also in Cape Town we have been
cousins research chair of poverty land
and agrarian Studies at the University
of the Western Cape hello everybody good
to have you thanks a good evening and
thanks for being here we got several
questions online from our community when
we said we were doing this show about
what expropriation is here's just one
here's another from OS wanting to know
the present generation of farmers and
how they got this land we actually got
an answer on Twitter this is Sabo who
says land expropriation without
compensation has to happen when the
Dutch settlers arrived they never
purchased the land but expropriated from
the natives and forcefully removed them
from the land obviously this current
generation table says inherited the land
from their forefathers that stole it
apartheid legacy is still alive even
after the fall of the apartheid system
then he says expropriation has to happen
after he gave us
history lesson there where do you fall
on that argument about 67% of all
agricultural land is owned by white
farmers in the past that's mean even
higher percentages this is the result of
a history of land dispossession if you
like land theft where which helped to
create an incredibly unequal and
oppressive system not only apartheid but
the colonial era before that it's
undoubtedly a chief cause of poverty and
inequality in our society today and we
have to do something about it and
there's no doubt that we need a
wide-ranging land reform program the
slowness of land reform program means
that suddenly expropriation of land with
or without compensation is the big issue
of the moment but that history lives
with us it's a very real history it's
very apparent to many South Africans and
we have to do something about it today I
want to share this Hopf post South
Africa headline with you booing heckling
screaming and chaos
welcome to the land expropriation debate
was that an over-the-top headline do
people have that fax it's a hand
yeah no law I mean that probably refers
to the debate that happened in
Parliament where they discussed this
very issue there was a motion before the
house which was essentially calling for
land expropriation of our compensation
to be investigated as a means of
speeding up land reform so those
descriptors are probably very accurate
as to how that debate in the house
happened but the question really becomes
this how is the debate happening in
society you know how is this debate
happening in the spaces where people
don't have access to the media don't
have access to you know social media
even to be able to voice their their
opinions and there's a lot of research
in beta that shows that actually this
isn't maybe the most front of mouth
topic that most of Africans are talking
about and then actually unemployment and
poverty are big issues but again I do
agree with Ben cousins the good prof
when he says that you know land
dispossession historically has
played a major impact or has had a major
impact of course on how the income
distribution happens in this country so
say you make a really important point
how our everyday South Africans
discussing this you think they aren't
but when they are being asked about what
they want about land reform do they have
the facts to hand absolutely I think we
all as South Africans have a general
grasp of the history dispossession in
this country the issue really on the
real debate becomes how do you fix this
do you take a radical approach which is
very symptomatic of those countries left
or as I call them trendy left Israeli
who believe that the state the power to
dispossessed people without compensation
because that's what really it means
expropriation of our compensation it's
essentially handing power over to the
state to confiscate property from
individuals and families and society
without compensation or really do we
find another approach which is more
rational which allows for a more win-win
outcome in society and I put it to the
guests and everybody here at Mercer a
few teams are looking for a win-win
solution one which is rational and legal
and also secures property rights for all
citizens black or white when we talk
about land expropriation in South Africa
another country one of your neighbors
comes up often in conversation courts
here brings it up expropriating land
without conversation is impossible take
it from Zimbabwe this idea that what
happened in Zimbabwe so let's go back to
the year 2000 there was a grigory
agrarian reform so many of Zimbabwe
farmers were forced out and then the
farming economy basically the the the
money out of the farming khamenei
completely left Zimbabwe and now they
are really struggling and actually are
inviting some of those farmers back to
Zimbabwe
so Zimbabwe that I did like that bet
great I don't think that's actually an
accurate depiction the radical land
reform in Zimbabwe did have some
negative consequences namely the
suspension of the rule of law
while land occupations were taking place
and the flight of capital but in many
respects the agricultural economy has
not collapsed at all in fact many of the
beneficiaries of land reform are
producing quite well in particular cash
crops such as cotton and years gone by
and now tobacco smallholder farmers are
very productive the lack of supply of
inputs as a result of the wider problems
in the economy is a problem but I think
one also is exaggerating the extent to
which white farmers are being allowed
back I don't think that's happening on
any kind of scale at all I think it's
really less than 10 and I think the real
lesson from Zimbabwe is that you can do
a radical and reform redistribute land
to small holder farmers if you supply
them with enough support they can be
very productive and that's a very
positive lesson we can take from
Zimbabwe the negative lesson is that we
should do it within the rule of law we
shouldn't have human rights abuses and
we have to have it overseen by an
effective state which is not captured by
corrupt interest or elite interests
that's my view on the Zimbabwe situation
I did live there for eight years and
worked for the Department of Agriculture
and did my PhD there in fact well I I
bow to your superior knowledge and
perhaps a little bias there when perhaps
well then I am also glad that this
person on Twitter seems to agree with
you because you seem to be an expert on
this Anthony says at this stage no one
in the ruling party is proposing
anything like Zimbabwe fast track land
reform political and social conditions
in the two countries are entirely
different
l mean is that how you see it as well
yes no totally I think as been said we
still have the rule of law and it's
quite a firm rule of law where we have
recourse to the courts if it's necessary
perhaps we are leaning too much to the
courts but some people argue but I think
what is happening in South Africa is
actually quite a positive moment I know
it's very delicate I know a lot of
people are scared but we are revisiting
our 90-94 back that we made as a country
I think that same unrested way I made
the point earlier this year that he when
he said maybe the issue is not really
just about land
or even about land at all it is about
nationhood it's about social cohesion I
can't remember his exact words but we
are we are looking as a country on how
we did or did not address the injustice
of the past and what went wrong and how
do we renegotiate it then Baker also put
it very nicely on Friday night he said
we are the next generation we cannot you
know look back at Madeira and say I made
all these mistakes because they did what
they need to do and we as the next
generation we need to to think how are
we gonna go forward and I think that's a
very positive point to be at at the
moment and then to frame the land
conversation in that sort of
conversation is quite interesting
because that's basically a symptom of
all the other things that is going on in
the country in my opinion I mean you
mentioned Tim Beck and he's joining us
right now from Johannesburg Rebecca and
Keiko Toby is a South African lawyer who
has been advising the government on land
reform and he's also the author of the
land is our South Africa's first black
lawyers and the birth of Constitution
Constitution Tim Bekker when you're
looking at the the risk associated with
land reform or how cell land reform what
concerns you the most about getting the
job done well I think there are
primarily three areas of concern from
where I stand the first area of concern
is a lack of a clear plan by the
government I think for the past 24 years
we have not had a coherent clear vision
about what the government actually
intends to doing in order to realize
land reform the second area of concern
is short-termism it is the idea that
despite the fact that we've got clear
policies and clear laws and clear
legislation when the government fails to
implement those laws and legislation
it's usually resource to short-termism
in other words you hear discussions
about there is a need to change the
constitution so I took it worried about
adherence to the rule of law and then
the third area of concern is the sheer
snow pace
of land reform I think the that's right
Demond is quite clear across the board
that the pace is too slow and got to be
moving faster and the smaller we are the
greater the potential for social
instability so I think I would say come
in Campania and said I think that's a
similarity between Southern Africa and
Zimbabwe in fact conditions and reach
the choices or in some ways very
different but the the strong political
symbolism of land is a similarity
between the two and if we don't deal
with the land issue in South Africa it's
not going to go away it stands for a
whole lot of things but it is also a
very real issue in its own right in
urban areas land occupations are taking
place because people lack places to
build houses for themselves
of course that's partly a housing issue
and a services issue not just a land
issue but it's being expressed of the
land issue and it's a very serious issue
and unless we deal with it rationally
populism which was definitely present in
some Babri could again severely distort
our political system there are real
dangers as well as the opportunities
that L mean points are yeah but I do
agree with prof and um and the good
advocate thing you know one has to
remember that land restitution as an
issue it is has a moral imperative to it
you know we come from a country where
I'm really when I when I when I talk
about being a moral imperative you know
it speaks to it being a issue of justice
if we are to move forward as a country
if we were to get this issue right then
we've got to actually put in place a
rational legal framework which allows
for the states to rectify its past
wrongs because ultimately the
disposition of mostly black people in
this country happened at the hands of a
coercive manipulative state where there
was a colonial state or a apartheid
state you know we have to fix that issue
and unfortunately you have a situation
where and this is me agreeing with
advocates Luddite OB sorry my lights
have gone off
is that you know the state has a very
big role to play here in terms of giving
people access to justice and justice can
take one of two forms either a a return
of land which was stolen and has been
proven through a rational process to
have been stolen to its rightful
earnings or actually compensation for it
because there's another component that
we also have on not everybody wants to
go back through an agrarian form of life
and again when we speak about this issue
it's not just about rural land
don't get me wrong there's also urban
disposition that happened but just a
simple point you know we have to get the
process or rather simply put
compensation is not the stumbling block
to land reform in this country so we
also have to move the debate away from
this almost weird obsession with
compensation and as you can eliminate
India and the weak institutions I mean
I'm sorry I would also like to come in
here because I think we also focus a lot
on government and what government needs
to do while I think we should also look
at us as a society I mean we've got big
agricultural unions like every SA
they've got plans they say you know in
certain circumstances private type of
land reform worked we need to assess
that we need to assess if things like
that is also possible because they are
many ways of acquiring land and of
transferring land but I think we need to
move away from this conversation of
purely being an issue about
expropriation with or without
compensation because I think in this
whole conversation which has been a
great conversation we have pinpointed
the problems with land reform and it is
fairly evident that it is not where the
expropriation well mostly powers yes I
mean I mean I agree with you that we've
got a problem of the state that has not
tested the transformative potential of
the Constitution but I think we also
have another problem of private
landowners that essentially hiked up the
prices of land when they know that the
state is a likely customer so it seems
to me that part of the solution
a central part of the solution is
actually a reduction in the prices of
land and that sometimes means that some
portions of land should be acquired by
the state with no compensation so the
real question it seems to me that if you
want to address this on a sustainable
basis a market related land
redistribution program simply does not
work we have had 24 years of trial and
error when I asked the minister of land
affairs about a month ago how much money
the state had paid for land reform the
amount is staggering it's something like
fifty four billion reds and if we have
paid fifty four billion reds and we've
achieved less than ten percent I don't
know what the figures are Ben can help
us with the figures but we've actually
less than ten percent of land
redistribution it's clear that a market
related solution does not work because I
hear I hear the discussion than you guys
are having and I think of course it is
very important to hear what South
Africans think about this on this issue
but I wanted to bring in what others
outside of South Africa are seeing on
this issue and it's headlines like this
South African group under fire for
lobbying us for white rights a group
representing many white afrikaners has
gone to the u.s. to lobby for the
interests of white farmers and I bring
that up only because lots of people
online are talking about this issue the
issue of murders of white farmers Andry
says as for these farm murders that have
been in the headlines I think the issue
has been captured by our alt-right sure
there's a problem with violent crime but
it affects everyone black and white and
attempts to frame it as part of a white
genocide are divisive and dangerous
another person tweeted in this is HTT
Flores he actually pitched the topic of
today's show wanting us to sort facts
from friction he says what impact do
campaigns like this PR campaign have on
South Africa's global standing if
countries believe South Africa is
creating a culture that is resulting in
racially biased farm murders can it lead
to sanctions then do you want to take
that on yes recently suggesting that
whites should stop panicking about land
and suggesting
farm murders were not happening on a
large scale and I started to get hate
mail from the alt-right in the US I
don't think it's very helpful and I
think there are many white South
Africans who are saying what can we do
to make this work how can be part of
this be part of the solution not part of
the problem in fact they're people
offering to donate land and I think we
have the possibility now and prison
drama posa of a national conversation
about land a new countrywide nationwide
conversation which sets us on a new path
that is the real we sorry sorry I mean
to chip in pain I think I think we
should also bring in that plays a
dispute about I mean I must always put
this disclaimer there that for murders
are happening it's an every life lost is
problematic but we need to see this in
context and that issue of for murders
has been framed and been linked to the
expropriation debates at first it was
framed but there is a upcoming I think
the word that we must use now is ethnic
cleansing of white people the stats are
not clear so that's the biggest problem
in this debate we do know that there is
a problem with form for rural safety
people are vulnerable but but the
problem is that this has been linked to
the expropriation debate to say that
there's a decisive drive to drive white
people off the land and I don't think
these evidence of that and I think
that's what been also tried to do and I
also try to do the past four weeks and
it's a very difficult position to be in
because it's a very emotive issue people
are getting killed when you have this
conversation it sometimes sounds as if
you are not respecting the issue of four
murders so but I think it's very not
call yeah call it for what it is I mean
it is mischievious to claim that today
is a genocide against white people in
South Africa it's complete mischief and
those people who enter to America and
created that impression they were
causing mischief and nothing else
temeka the statistics given by Agrius a
show that we are at a 20-year low in
relation to farm matters in 1997 they
were
more than 150 farm meadows last year
2017 there were 43 and that's still a
high number and it's an unacceptable
number but it's not a number that
illustrates genocide by any stretch of
the imagination to Mecca and you
mentioned a gree Sao and we talked to
them and asked them if they would be
part of this conversation
they sent us statements about land
reform in Si and they said that the slow
pace of land reform can be attributed to
other things such as inadequate budget
poor implementation and corruption but
they are interested in how can they work
and help land reform it's an a really
important topic right now and such a hot
topic in parliament this is Julius
Malema this is back in early only in May
when you can hear his frustration have a
listen can do without you people are
going to occupy land will require no
permission from you from the president
from no one we don't care we can do
whatever I want to do who are you to
tell us whether we can occupy land or
not we are going to occupy land in South
Africa occupy land
temeka
useless parliament it is your job to
advise the government right now I am not
clear even after 30 minutes what their
plan is about a more extra equitable
distribution of land for all South
Africans and especially black South
Africans are you clear yeah yeah well
this was my entry point to the
discussion that what we've been
experiencing in the past 24 years is a
lack of a clear and a coherent plan
around land reform the messages that
have been coming most recently are
moving us towards a clear a path around
land reform at the very least what we
have at the moment is that there is a an
acknowledgement of the necessity to move
along with urgency that in the second
aspect quite apart from the agency
aspect the southern aspect is to
recognize the limits of restitution and
situation essentially means historical
claims to the land is to recognize the
limits of that process and to move
towards a dispensation that is based on
land hunger so I think if we address
that and then of course the final part
being a commitment to the rule of law I
think that is absolutely crucial and
issues of compensation I mean L mean is
quite right issues of compensation in
the order of things are quite low in
relation to significance so if it seems
to me that we have tried it on two
aspects the one being a move towards a
redistribution model that's based on
need and a redistribution model as
underpinned by the rule of law that is
enough policy clarity but that needs to
be articulated quite strongly at the
centre we're right at the end of this
show the time goes so fast since lay I'm
just wondering if you're if you could
describe what it is like for some black
South Africans who have this need for
land how would you describe their lives
well it's absolutely devastating
especially for those who can actually
pinpoint exactly where historically
their family used to live or pieces of
land the thing is to own were
dispossessed by either the colonial or
the apartheid government and again when
I talk about dispossession it's not just
rural land it's also people who were
forcibly removed from settled
communities in urban parts of the
country communities which in some cases
were more diverse then then obviously
what they have politic government one
till I mean you think of the fire town
is a good example there is a real pain
that permeates in a lot of South
Africans today when we speak about
issues of dispossession and that
dispossession is understood as being the
exercise of coercive manipulative state
power over them so much L mean and been
and tobacco as well we really appreciate
your insights and your time today
Malika into this tweet from Ruth who
says the problem is not that the state
doesn't have enough power to expropriate
land the problem is that citizens don't
power to hold the state to account thank
you for being with us today Malika and I
will see you online we're always there
at a Jay's stream see you next time
you
