she is a former Navy pilot federal
prosecutor and first-time political
candidate Mikey charelle is also the
leading fundraiser in a crowded field of
Democrats running to represent in
Jersey's eleventh congressional district
a seat that has been held by a
Republican man for the last 24 years we
see so many women running we see so many
veterans running because we feel like
it's time for new leadership in
Washington it's a common sentiment among
Democrats particularly women we're
actually physically being targeted by
our president not only here in suburban
New Jersey but around the country and we
have 24 seats we need to flip in this
midterm election and I'm running to flip
one where they hope to win enough seats
to retake the majority in the house and
female candidates are leading the charge
on Tuesday nearly 100 women from both
political parties many of them newcomers
to politics will be on the ballot in
congressional primaries continuing a
year-long trend an unprecedented number
of women are taking part in state and
local elections and often times winning
and what some have described as a pink
wave mobilization started the day after
president Trump's inauguration when
women marched by the millions expressing
concern about lost reproductive rights
and immigration experts point out
there's now a lot at stake he who
controls or she who controls the House
of Representatives will control the
purse will control the investigative
power will ultimately if necessary
control the impeachment process this
election is a very important one
president Trump is also working hard to
rally his base in 2016 more white women
voted for him than Hillary Clinton I
think people were surprised that right
about that outcome and so now I think
people are saying enough like too much
and it's time for a change many voters
say this year women are more engaged and
outraged by the president's alleged
mistreatment of women you can't be
divisive you need to be a unifying
leader and that's my biggest opposition
to the Trump effect the biggest hurdles
for women candidates are yet to come in
the general election this November but
if the primaries are any indication
women candidates and voters will be
making their voices heard
Kristin Shalini al-jazeera New Jersey
