italy's new interior minister has wasted
no time making his mark matteo salvini a
man who has been unapologetic about his
anti-immigrant sentiments on the front
line of one of Italy's main landing
points for refugees fleeing war
persecution and extreme poverty
unabashed by his surroundings to make
his point these are emergency centres my
interest is to work in order to reduce
the number of people arriving and
increase the number of deportations this
is not easy to do nor is it possible to
do in a quarter of an hour within the
coming weeks but salvias presence was
not welcomed by everyone some hey view
his rhetoric with suspicion they may get
on TV even migrants arrive here to
disastrous conditions and they don't
have the right to be nursed there are a
lot of mistakes in the care of migrants
and vulnerable migrants we can't talk
about the good times in recent years the
refugee crisis has engulfed Italy and
put a strain on its infrastructure
immigration has dominated politics and
divided the country in a way that has
not been seen in decades much of the
blame has been placed on the European
Union which many say has not helped
enough as a country struggles with its
own crises in the last few years tens of
thousands of people have arrived in
Italy by sea from the North African
coast but also thousands have been
repatriated mr. salvini has promised to
fast-track deportations but he still
hasn't provided any detail on exactly
how he'll do that meanwhile he will be
in Luxembourg this week for a meeting of
the EU interior ministers the major
point of discussion will be the Dublin
Accord which requires refugees to
register themselves in the first member
state they arrive at a rule which mr.
salvini wants to see renegotiate it as
quickly as possible
so nigahiga al jazeera Rome
