the June 2017 announcement by Saudi
Arabia the United Arab Emirates Bahrain
and Egypt that they were all severing
ties with Qatar was the climax of a
longer campaign that used the internet
as a new weapon the four countries
accused cats are of aiding terrorism and
being too close to Iran their regional
rival and to make their claims stick
they made TV airwaves and the internet
the battlefield the opening shots were
fired by an army of bombs on Twitter now
bots are software that can be programmed
to interact with other Twitter accounts
on their own to spread whatever message
you programmed them to you just tell
them what to do you can even build or
buy an army of bots hundreds or
thousands of them to flood Twitter with
your ideas boosting a conversation or
hashtag until it takes off on its own to
even make them trend in your city or
country
in April 2017 weeks before the summit in
Riyadh where US President Trump called
on Arab and Muslim leaders to drive out
the terrorists and drive out the
extremes thousands of Arabic language
spots appeared on Twitter flooding it
with sectarian messages and Nancy cats
are propaganda they began shaping the
online debate on terrorism a lot of the
rhetoric that these BOTS were promoting
on Twitter was similar to the demands
that were later made so for example one
of the bots trends was was about Qatar
sank rolling of terrorism and these
occurred obviously before the African
news when the news of the hack surfaced
one of the bot networks revealed that
there were BOTS accounts set up in April
2017 so these BOTS accounts a large
network was set up a month before the
news of the of the hack and they became
active at the announcement of the news
of the hack you can see that a lot of
the narratives been spread by these BOTS
here is the narratives of the core tech
countries the next steps created the
pretext for dramatic measures to come
less than 48 hours after Trump left
Saudi Arabia a cyber attack began on
cats our state broadcaster the cat's our
news agency an article appeared on its
website with comments attributed to cats
our Zamir praising the Muslim
Brotherhood Hamas and Hezbollah while
blaming some governments for causing
terrorism by following an extreme
version of Islam and calling Iran and
Islamic power and a major force for
stability in the region and there's
about a dozen other controversial
comments and to give the attack and
added punch whoever was behind it added
a line about the supposed tensions
between Qatar and the Trump
administration suggesting it wouldn't be
around much longer due to ongoing
criminal investigations
q and A's YouTube page was also
compromised now this was a broadcast
just before the hack showing cats our
Zamir attending a military graduation
ceremony the previous day in this clip
shown on a Saudi funded outlet you can
see the modified ticker enlarged and
moved up the screen to show viewers the
comments the video appears to have been
manipulated by zooming in to remove the
actual ticker that went out on live TV
the fake news was then posted from other
compromised QA accounts in a cyber
attack that lasted about three hours
course no of course not and I think
already our embassy in Washington is has
put these denials and please well the
UAE government has denied involvement
cat sir says its investigation aided by
the FBI and the UK National Crime Agency
traced the hacks IP addresses in the UAE
according to several US media outlets
American intelligence agencies also
recorded senior Emirati officials
discussing the cyber attack the day
after Trump left Riyadh in fact the Emir
never spoke at the ceremony at all and
QA denied the report within 45 minutes
of those initial posts on its website
YouTube and Twitter but boy did they run
with it
Coran attire Iran Hamas Iran compromise
Iran is throw-in that mean I mean when a
Muslim in Bahamas Hezbollah Hamas
adelgid Authority with Amelia tablet and
for cellular Alamelu me Alan astronomers
Edom in Saudi funded Al Arabiya based in
Dubai and UAE funded Sky News Arabia
based in Abu Dhabi spearheaded a media
campaign that would continue for the
next year and despite evidence it was
fake news both channels reported it as
fact and still do after the hack Twitter
BOTS then made a new hashtag trend sever
relations with cats are and so they did
using the fake comments as a pretext on
June 5th 2017 Saudi Arabia the UAE
Bahrain and Egypt imposed a land air and
sea blockade on cats are accusing it of
funding terrorism and fomenting regional
instability
now the messaging campaign continued to
grow as the quartet gave Qatar a list of
13 demands to be met in return for
ending the blockade BOTS even made
anti-government content trend inside
Qatar so obviously BOTS can create from
Buganda messages that distort the
reality of the discussions going on the
world but what I've seen increasingly
and with increasing sophistication is
bot networks being set up and the in
location on the O's accounts is for
example Qatar so by creating a body
count and putting their geographical
locations clogged up
having thousands them tweet on the same
hashtag will basically tricked which is
trend into thinking that that topic is
trending and cata and then what happens
that you have certain figures who then
use those trends to cite to say look
Qataris are tweeting against the
government Twitter's verification
process is hugely broken in the region
and because of that it's been exploited
by people who have the money and the
resources to gain the Gulf crisis shows
how media outlets and Twitter can be
weaponized to influence public debate
CEO Jack Dorsey acknowledged the
real-world negative consequences of
Twitter's platform in March citing
manipulation through BOTS and human
coordination as some of the ways that
people have taken advantage of their
service
it'll be interesting to see how matters
play out in this region as Twitter works
to weed out bot armies in the meantime
political agendas are being pushed by
all these active users who are actually
BOTS
