on the safety of land and back where
they began after the nine meter boat
sank leaving Tunisia bound for Europe
the boat had a capacity for 75 to 90
people maximum but we were between 180
and 190 onboard nearly 70 people were
rescued by the Tunisian coastguard and
brought to the city as Farkas it's
unclear exactly how many people are
missing is the most deadly shipwreck in
the Mediterranean since February what
was coming into the boat those who could
escape fled others drowned we stayed
there until almost 5 a.m. then fishermen
came to help us and the Coast Guard
arrived it was a dark night on the
Mediterranean some 2,000 kilometers away
three adults and six children drowned
off the coast of Turkey the Turkish
Coast Guard pulled five people out alive
the toll of dead or missing in these
waters is up to 650 people since January
and yet it's a far cry from 2015 when
this was the main route to Europe more
than a million people crossed and there
were three times as many deaths most
migrants now come through northern
Africa search and rescue NGOs have
diverted to deploy from Italy or Malta
suspend all - I mean we are witnessing a
decrease in arrivals in recent months
the figure of the decrease does not stop
us rowing people who come are in
terrible physical and psychological
condition these were the latest arrivals
more than 150 people reach southern
Sicily on Friday we are here and we will
perform as long as we will be able to
perform we are performing rescue and we
will be performing in the future that is
for sure and sometimes there is good
news ten days ago a baby was born on
rescue ship the Aquarius at 2.8
kilograms
she was named miracle her mother was
found stranded off the coast of Libya
there now on Sicily life or death the
two outcomes migrants must consider
before they board a boat to Europe
Charlotte ballast al-jazeera
