hello and welcome again to rewind - I'm
Laura Kyle in this series were
revisiting some of the best
documentaries on al Jazeera English
since we launched more than a decade ago
back in 2013 the people and power series
traveled to West Africa to expose the
shocking story of how young Ghanaian
children were being murdered because of
the mistaken belief they were possessed
by evil spirits no one knows the exact
numbers of these ritual deaths across
Ghana Benin Burkina Faso and parts of
Nigeria but some believe it could be in
the thousands the killing of these
so-called spirit children is the
consequence of ancient customs shaped by
ignorance and poverty in this compelling
program award-winning Ghanaian
investigative reporter Anna Sarah Mayo
an ass used hidden cameras to bring some
of those behind these killings to
justice from 2013 his spirit child
some West African communities have
branded children born deformed or with
disabilities as evil spirits they are
seen as a drain on limited resources and
so medicine men are often asked to
perform rituals and prepare poisonous
concoctions to kill them
thousands of defenseless children have
been meted in this week my name is an
ass aremy Ivana's I am an investigative
reporter because of the work I do I
never show my face
I've come to northern Ghana to
investigate desperate child phenomenon
food is scarce here even children must
work for the family to eat now the long
dry season has come all families are
moving to the big city looking for work
or to sell their animals living on the
edge of Survivor the birth of a disabled
child is greatly feared it's seen as a
terrible burden on their family an extra
mouths to feed the child won't be able
to help in the field and neither will
its mother who will have to devote
precious time to escape out of this fear
and Asian tradition has grown they
believe that such a child is a child and
evil presence that must be destroyed
before it threatens the survival of the
family it doesn't even need to be
disabled any child in a family where
things are going wrong can be branded as
evil and when this happens elders in the
community known as concoction men are
called in to poison the child a macular
degeneration is a revenge Sarila - with
teenager as a man Shiva multiplier also
ever show us your hunger key Yamauchi so
local hockey da da da
Maki virtual clear I'm a gorilla I am a
poor user one better by Nature
well at the polar
my Madonna I call a Darnell salad well
to me this is physically but single lady
seated on an idiot
I'm heading for a place known locally as
the evil forest because the bodies of
spirit children have been buried here
for centuries these stones here are the
only indication to show that before
children were buried here
the concoction-- men hide the bodies
under the stones to prevent animals from
digging them up this forest remains
green and still standing because the
local people are afraid they are scared
that the evil forest would eat them up
local NGOs have often used dialogue to
talk to community members to stop this
practice advocacy has been successful to
some extent but has not been able to
eradicate this from the community we are
in a modern democratic Ghana now law
enforcement must take over to stamp out
this once and for all
but we can't find any record of anyone
ever been arrested for what can only be
described as a dreadful crime I've come
to police headquarters in border tanga
to meet the regional commander and find
out why it is a very difficult thing to
do it is a very difficult thing to do
even if you get information one you
should know where it is happening who
are behind and who in connivance so that
you can mount a sting operation and
ended and it's unfortunate that we have
no idea to why this is happening who are
behind all these and why all this value
of not being arrested as I explained it
is being done on the quiet and you never
know if the police can't find the
evidence maybe I can my plan is to find
some concoction men to invent a
so-called program child and see if they
will diagnose it as an evil spirits then
I aim to catch them in the act of trying
to poison it
a colleague has agreed to let us use
Kofi is 18 month old son to play the
part of my spread chart when the
concoction-- men come to do the deal but
obviously I can't risk his life so at
the last moment Kofi will be switched
with the contents of this suitcase a
similar-looking them of a child made
from silicon by a movie props company in
London suddenly as I was looking for my
first step is to integrate into the
community
I'm moving to see Loulou the historical
heartland of desperate child phenomenon
where I have rented this property with
separate buildings and two entrances
it's perfect for my plan in three weeks
of Investigation have already met 14
individuals spread over an area the size
of Labor from northern Ghana to never in
Burkina Faso who admitted they'd killed
spirit children before then of this said
they were willing to poison my child now
it's time to do a deal with one of them
a broker who acts as a go-between I have
told him that since my son was born
nothing has gone right for me I've lost
money and my cars have broken down now
we are meeting to make the final
arrangements
Adelina util ulema can't aric almirola
aha moment a kikyo contradiction table
to evo chimera Lamia
PI sin Allah Allah
now we have the Oracles blessing the
broker agrees to contract a medicine man
to prepare a poisonous concoction and
administer it to my son a child's life
has now been sued for 40 US dollars plus
three fouls
I'm deeply shocked at this beam for real
then I just have become an accessory to
upload to Metta my child after sealing
the deal with the broker and moving on
to the neighboring province of Bongo to
meet with another who who've said they
are willing to kill my child
this time I'm dealing directly with the
medicine man and from what I have had is
more than ready to take on the job
yeah I assume a fine is the only money
here yeah every my MD MBA one of the
terrorists and 81 miles and read about
the air halakha to Linda to respond
opinion there the Gianluca back to in
London ever TV you see embosser get our
marine animal cookie ever be my daughter
in cool Apollo moon and million dollar
idea
a genuine Libya well with media you
might think apply there yeah I do
believe you're gonna marry that woman
what little idiot will be in here I can
see a boy - Ana I have to or wanna say
kellicotti quell version well I think
what Colicchio a little bit on there to
be retarded not be Cano get a
communities having young Nakhla ma'am
manner
kabaah so we are not panicking natural
I've now invited two groups of men to
come to my rented property in two days
time and administered a concoction to my
fictitious charity the medicine man's
group is shuttered for fasting in the
morning a broadcast for the afternoon
what they don't know is that local
police offices will be hidden away in
one of the buildings watching on TV
but first I need to prepare the house to
receive them as dawn breaks the next
morning the police arrive and pack a
safe distance from the house
plainclothes officers will be monitoring
every moment of the concoction-- man's
activities while - armed police in
uniform will wait by the vehicle ready
to take anyone arrested into custody
kofi is also now with us so that the
concoction men will believe our story we
move over to the house in twos and
threes to avoid arousing suspicion our
crack team is now in someone undercover
reporter six plain clothed police
offices and a baby it's time to bring in
our damaged heart and place it on a
makeshift bed in the secret camera room
he's now ready to take off his place at
the last minute three officers take up
positions outside while the area crime
officer and his two remaining colleagues
sit in the monitoring room from here
they will keep patient vigil and be
ready to move in the moment their
concoction man Joe clay intends to kill
suddenly we hear the medicine man and
his accomplice approach
meters away they're coming I take the
medicine man and his accomplice inside
the house shoot them the real Charlie
with the medicine man leaning over goofy
I'm nervous about his sister they
clearly have no qualms about killing him
and it gets worse when they demand a
clue salut bringing him outside for them
to inspect a second but I need them to
believe I'm ready to follow through if
my plan is going to work out there is no
way I'm leaving goofy there with them
for a second it's time to get him to
safety I pass him out through the window
and into the secure arms of a waiting
police officer the medicine man built a
fire and well some roots they dug up
earlier this morning to create their
deadly brew
okay is that human animal manga yes sure
mission combinatory kobato your mother
karma finally they are ready to
administer the concoction we make our
way into the bedroom where they demand I
hand over the child they so don't know
it's a replica
yeah
you're under arrest
you are not obliged to say anything
unless you wish to issue but whatever
you say will be taken down and be given
in evidence in a court of law issue
is this also part of it yes this is the
prepared one and then this is where they
prepared to put the baby yeah for the
baby today even in handcuffs one of the
men is still hanging on to our dummy as
forensics officers begin to take samples
of the materials used to make the
concoction and the liquid the men have
already prepared to administer to having
added sufficient evidence the police are
now confident at the man booth intended
and attempted to murder a child the
police vehicle is ready and waiting to
take them into custody
at the police station
the men are booked in and told to give
up all their possessions including their
clothes before being put into the cells
they will now wait here under lock and
key until a court decides their feet
back at the house night has fallen by
the broker and his collaborators the
other group I invited to visit Kofi have
failed to show up the police decide our
evidence is sufficient to arrest them in
a way as soon as he is taken into
custody a broker agrees to get us to the
homes of his accomplices
first is the soothsayer who declared my
fictitious child was evil then to
prevent anyone from warning him to
escape will creep up on the house of the
medicine man who has been commissioned
by the broker to prepare an
administrative concoction
so I tell you y'all can't is payment for
poisoning they chart this live foul is
also discovered and taken as evidence
as they are loaded into the police wagon
and take him to the cells the broker and
the sucia we're very different
expressions for the first time we met
it looks to me like they only now
understand that ticking a child's life
is a criminal act
spirits child from 2013 a moving and
powerful film and to update us on this
story we're joined now by invested
journalist and a ceremonious who's asked
us not to show his identity great to
have you in the studio with us an asset
can you first of all explain to viewers
who may not have caught it from the film
why you've got the face covering well I
have always been in this traditional
mask in my career and that's to ensure
security and that's to help so people
don't see that face that does that film
how dangerous is your work well I guess
this is not to point to me but most
African journalists who do
investigations have series of dangerous
pointing at us so it's you just have to
be you and have to think that how do I
survive through than a story and I have
come out with beats that I were I'm sure
my ethically some in Nigeria and s in
Malawi have a dust house of protecting
themselves what sort of harassment have
you faced when you're doing your work
well generally you would have people
would definitely want to point guns at
you some would try to kidnap you and
we've had most of these happening I mean
getting threats of death it's normal you
know legal suits all those are and
there's not synonymous to me alone but
most of my colleagues on the continents
have heard that your mantra is to name
and shame and jail the most journalists
would be on board with the naming and
shaming but why do you feel it's so
important to take it to that level where
you want to see the people that you're
reporting on pay for it to face justice
there's nothing more frustrating than
doing a story on someone and walking on
the same streets on that with that
person
in fact that's even more dangerous and
that can easily end their life of any
journalist so the days where we sit down
and then say we have just public we
don't do story for people to just read
and smile in their bedrooms we do
stories that have impacts on society for
me that good story is that story that
named shamed and jilted a bad guy I mind
can be unconventional I testify in the
court of law
to make sure that the bad guys and put
behind bars and that has helped so many
people have gone to jail as a result of
my work and I'm proud of it
if we look at the film that we've just
seen spirit child I mean it's a
heartbreaking investigation what
happened to those concoction men did
they go to jail yes
they started the legal process but you
realize that they are they were too old
so by the time the process could finish
some of them just couldn't even make it
to the law so they they had some
sympathy but the key thing that happened
in that story is that it told the
community that whoever you are when you
attempt to do some of these things you
are going behind bars for the first time
those witch doctors were arrested and
they were put before courts that sent a
strong signal to all witch doctors to be
careful that when we were dealing with
the life of a child is a completely
different matter
and that we can't sit down for this
children to be killed in the way they
are being killed the former US President
Barack Obama he recognized you as a
courageous journalist who risks his life
to tell the truth that's quite an
extraordinary recognition to have do you
think that your work is having lasting
positive impact on Ghana look Africa is
a third world country we know the
problems we have with our judiciary we
know the problems we have with our
police force people might think that I
am controversial but I'm saying that
unlike the UK in the US where
journalists could do a story and the
security agencies and judicial systems
are stronger and could take up such
issues in Africa we don't have that we
have institutions that lack basic
amenities so I see no reason why a
reporter from any part of African
continent would take one step to meet
the security agencies halfway the minute
you are wasting people died that's the
difference between stories that happen
in the West and story
happening in Africa and a thorough mayo
and that's very good speak to you in to
hear about the very brave work that
you're doing thanks for joining us here
on rewind thank you and that's it for
this week's rewind if you want to catch
any of the other films in the series
you'll find them on the rewind page on
the outter 0 website but for now until
next time goodbye
you
