the European Union must defend itself is
the message from the block's trade
commissioner who says EU leaders are
united in imposing retaliatory tariffs
on US exports we are not seeking to
escalate any situation but but we need
to respond and we'll do so in a measured
manner but not responding would be the
same as accepting these these tariffs
which we consider are illegal and
against WTO there's no word on exactly
what the EU teres would be on or when
they'd be imposed but they're expected
to target a range of US imports from
jeans to motorcycles the EU s-- foreign
policy chief says a dispute settlement
procedure is being launched at the World
Trade Organization but a trade war isn't
wanted the European Union is a peace
project including on trade we believe in
global free fair trade and we will
continue to do so Donald Trump's
announcement on Thursday to impose a 25
percent tariff on EU steel imports and
10 percent on aluminium has infuriated
EU leaders the French president who's
worked hard to develop a good
relationship with his US counterpart
hardened his tone he said I think that
this decision is not only illegal but
it's also a mistake because it addresses
the already existing international
imbalance by further dividing it and by
bringing economic and trade nationalism
nationalism is war EU leaders may be
united for now but will they remain so
over the question of whether or not to
enter into trade negotiations with
Washington the 28-member bloc has to act
on consensus but finding a common
approach will not be easy
Germany is likely to want to avoid a
full-blown trade war as the largest
European exporter to the u.s. it has
much to lose France on the other hand
may pursue a tougher line something made
clear by the French finance minister we
do not discuss under pressure and we do
not negotiate under pressure I think we
must return to more wisdom in world
traders
the EU is one of the main trading
partners of the US for now
EU leaders are speaking with one voice
they're a factory jobs and political
reputations at stake that may change as
the impact of US tariffs are felt
natasha butler al jazeera paris
