News cameras focused on the room where
the meeting was taking place for just
over 80 minutes then President Trump
emerged to announce the summit was back
on but this time cautioned against any
quick agreement I think it'll be a
process it's not I never said it goes in
one meeting I think it's gonna be a
process but the relationships are
building and that's a very positive
thing the announcement followed two days
of talks between North Korea and
negotiator kim yeongcheol and the US
Secretary of State in New York and when
he was ushered into the White House by
the chief of staff he carried with him a
letter from the North Korean leader Kim
jong-un president Trump teased reporters
about its content like the reality show
host he once was this was a meeting
where a letter was given to me by Kim
Jong Un's and that letter was very nice
letter Oh would you like to see what was
in that letter would you like how much
how much how much but subsequently
admitted he had not read the letter I
haven't seen the letter yet I purposely
didn't open the letter I haven't opened
it I didn't open it in front of the
director I said would you want me to
open it he said you can read it later I
may be in for a big surprise folks but
he wasn't after president Trump had
departed for Camp David the White House
confirmed he'd read the letter in a
short statement it says there were no
surprises Mike Hanna al Jazeera
Washington
