after the fanfare of the leaders summits
this was the two Koreas getting down to
work senior representatives from the
North crossed the border at the
demilitarized zone to meet the
delegation from the South the aim was to
begin implementing what their leaders
had discussed we should in front of all
the media here take on and follow the
will of the leaders the leaders are
walking far ahead of us why can't we
follow them they did agreeing to set up
a joint liaison office at the Kaesong
Industrial Complex just north of the
border that's been closed since 2016
following the North's missile and
nuclear tests most of both the South and
North came to shared a common
understanding of the basic spirit of
trust respect and mutual understanding
that the two leaders showed they've also
agreed to consider staging an event on
June the 15th to mark the anniversary of
the first inter-korean summit 18 years
ago the talks between the two Koreas
have been positive and practical steps
appear to have been taken towards
improving relations but much depends on
whether a potential summit between US
President Donald Trump and North Korean
leader Kim jong-un takes place and if it
does what the outcome may be as we've
seen recently the situation is
changeable Friday's meeting was supposed
to be held two weeks ago but the North
Koreans withdrew in protest over joint
military exercises being held by South
Korea and the United States a few days
later Donald Trump withdrew from a
proposed summit with Kim jong-un citing
tremendous anger and open hostility from
Pyongyang but after Kim and South
Korea's president moon jae-in had a
surprise second meeting last week all
sides are once again working towards a
Kim Trump summit on June the 12th Wayne
hey al Jazeera Seoul
