it's the last day of the abortion
hearings in Argentina and those who want
to legalize it demonstrated in Congress
wearing as always the color green that's
become a symbol of the national campaign
for free legal and safe abortions we
have been fighting for many years for
something like this to happen to
separate the state from the church and
to decide based on what's better for the
country until now abortion has been off
the table mainly because of the pressure
by the Catholic Church the debate has
polarized the country abortion in
Argentina is legal only in case of rape
or if a woman's life is at risk but it
is estimated that 400,000 clandestine
abortions are performed every year many
women have died most of them are poor
the outcome of any vote is by no means
certain sure thing go get in there I
have to defend the right to life that is
in our constitution and I cannot go
against the right to life since
conception but if you ask me if you want
a woman to go to prison because of an
abortion
I say no I think we can protect them in
a different way legal this public debate
has promoted the visibility of a problem
and the consequences has it helps the
Health Ministry and all social sectors
to begin talking about sexual education
educate about contraception and prevent
abortions president Mauricio Macri is
against the change in the law but he
allowed the debate defying the pressure
from the Catholic Church some bishops
have been very aggressive with lawmakers
where they have threatened those who are
planning to vote in favor they generate
fear they remain authoritarian but it's
because they know they will lose over
the past 15 years the campaign to
legalize abortion has presented six
bills on six different occasions but
none made
to Congress many hope it will be
different this time Teresa Waugh
al-jazeera Buenos Aires
