amok mud is afraid that her stay in
Lebanon could become permanent she fled
the war in Syria in 2013 her hometown at
Tybee is now under government control
she says the army hasn't allowed
civilians to return yet and a new law
passed by the Syrian government is
threatening to confiscate homes of those
people who don't prove ownership I don't
even know if we still have a house or if
it was destroyed and when we fled we
left with nothing so I don't have any
documents with me there are millions of
Syrians like am ahmed who escaped from
the fighting with nothing law number 10
as it is known means they may be stuck
in exile international aid agencies say
just 9% of refugees and displaced have
their property title deeds with them
this is worrying host nations like
Lebanon where there are over 1 million
refugees it's very worrying because we
need we need things that would encourage
the displaced or the refugees to come
back to their country not measures to
discourage them
the Syrian government says the new law
is needed to begin the reconstruction of
areas damaged by war human rights groups
disagree
they say Damascus passed similar laws in
2012 to confiscate property without due
process or compensation many Syrian
refugees no longer have valid identity
documents they will not be able to
prepare the types of case files that
they will need to to show that they are
property owners within the timeframe
that has been given under law number 10
the Syrian opposition says the law is
part of the government's efforts to
bring about demographic changes by
repopulating areas with loyalists many
of the refugees in Lebanon come from
areas that were battlegrounds under
rebel control before being recaptured by
the government places like the Damascus
countryside harms and the kalamoon
region they may be considered safe by
some but political economic and security
reasons prevent others from returning
and now the law is an obstacle to those
who want to go back home even if it
means living under Bashar al-assad to
rule mohamed farrah cell house is one of
them
his hometown Daria has been all but
destroyed and he has no documents to
prove ownership of his land I don't have
any papers I don't even know my property
number that is because I inherited it
from My Father I don't know if my house
is still standing
I have nothing by God it's estimated up
to 50 percent of Syrian land was not
officially registered before the war for
many permanent displacement is becoming
a reality
zerin Cooder al Jazeera Makar Valley
Lebanon
