after the u.s. put the squeeze on
neighbors and trading allies Mexico and
Canada imposing steel and aluminium
tariffs retaliation quickly followed
both announced dollar for dollar
surcharges on US imports these tariffs
are totally unacceptable Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau and his foreign
minister Chrystia Freeland denounced the
us's actions this is sixteen point six
billion dollars of retaliation this is
the strongest trade action Canada has
taken in the post-war era
Mexico's economic minister called this
the worst case scenario and said the
country would put tariffs on some US
steel products apples grapes pork and
cheese Rihanna's today the real take
action at the the grill and amount to
compensate exactly if the damage they
don't do Mexican exports one is still an
aluminium but this dispute was the last
thing either country wanted with a
powerful and until recently mostly
friendly neighbor the Canada the terrace
will hit particularly hard about ninety
percent of it still head south of the
border it's the u.s. his biggest
supplier but Mexico also is one of the
top exporters of steel to the United
States despite that both Mexico and
Canada insist trade flow still works in
the u.s. is favored for them the
decision by the Trump administration
just doesn't make sense
necklace difficulty economic there's no
economic justification at the end of the
day you see that Mexico has a deficit
with the US and aluminium and steel we
can see more from them than we export
moreover in sectors that are essential
for their companies but there's another
element to this a Washington's
insistence the three countries are
renegotiating the NAFTA free trade
agreement the US wants to see more
concessions from Mexico and Canada
they both emphasize that they're still
keen to talk but added that they're
retaliatory measures will remain in
place as long as the u.s. tariffs to
John Holman al Jazeera Mexico City
