it was an election that was high on
symbolism a fractured Iraq voting for
the first time after the defeat of ISIL
but now the outcome of what should have
been a free and fair election is under
scrutiny with hopes of a peaceful
transition to power in Iraq be dashed
again this is Inside Story
hello and welcome to the program I am
Hoshi mahabhava it's been more than
three weeks since Iraqis went to the
polls but the result was split and no
single political bloc has been able to
form a government the UN is urging a
quick solution to be found so the
country moves forward towards
much-needed reforms but now it seems
that process could be further delayed as
Charles Trotter reports from Baghdad
members of the Iraqi parliament called
an open special session on Monday
following more allegations of fraud
during parliamentary elections earlier
this month the call for votes in the
predominantly Sunni provinces of Anbar
Diala salahuddin and Nineveh and all
ballots cast by Iraqis living abroad to
be manually recounted if the results
differ by more than 25% from those
announced by the electric Commission
then it could force a recount of nearly
11 million ballots the demand was
supported by many Sunni politicians and
others who opposed the election results
which saw a successful outcome
the three main she led bloc's in Iraq
first election since the defeat of ISIL
there are frauds manipulations and many
problems that took place and that is
seen apparent in the decisions made by
Parliament today and I personally
support these decisions in which they
serve in the interest of the political
and democratic process in Iraq
therefore we must implement these
decisions prime minister haider al-abadi
warned in his weekly news conference of
potential political instability if
demands for recounts continued Nadia had
the machine I must warn of something we
can't get into a political limbo we are
checking all violations and complaints I
must say that the political process is
important we can't get into a political
vacuum Parliament only has 30 days left
to finish its legal term and the new
Parliament must take effect after that
without a new Parliament in place there
will be a constitutional gap on
Wednesday Parliament special session
continued 28 parliamentarians put
together a draft law for a complete
recount of votes across all of Iraq and
for it to be supervised by the Iraqi
judiciary
UN mission in the country Iraq's
Independent Election Commission canceled
votes at 1021 of the country's 53,000
ballot boxes they were mainly in the
predominantly Sunni provinces of Anbar
salahuddin and Nineveh and 67 outside
the country for many Iraqis including
those who voted abroad allegations of
voting fraud comes as no surprise I'm
sorry to say that we have no no hope
last for four years it's saying they
avoided the result also in UK I'm not
hoping for a change in the common gears
because if we keep electing these people
then these people are not going to have
a change in the future in order for any
countrywide recount law to be passed it
would have to be ratified by 50% plus
one of Iraq's 329 member Parliament
before then being signed off by the
Supreme Court but no matter the kind of
legal difficulties that these 28 MPs
that are pushing for this countrywide
recount face the issue highlights just
how difficult it is to form a government
in Iraq after years of violence and
political instability charles stratford
the inside story baghdad if their
account does go ahead it would impact
about 10 percent of votes cast overall
but that could prove decisive in an
election that produced no clear winner
here's where things stand now Shia
cleric moqtada others say Iran block one
the most parliamentary seats 54 sutter
though is not putting himself forward as
Prime Minister
hadiyyah-lah Murray's al fatiha party
came a close second with 47 sees he's
known to have close ties with Iran and
had a coalition of armed groups against
ISIL
the incumbent prime minister haider
al-abadi is victory Alliance trailed in
third place with 42 seats the elections
in Iraq were marked by a record low
turnout but were free from serious
violence
let's now get the thoughts of our guests
joining us in Baden a mad rush the
director of House of Iraq expertise
Foundation and senior foreign policy
advisor to the Speaker of the Iraqi
parliament in Erbil Judith nearing
author and journalist and founder of the
independent media center in Kurdistan in
Washington DC
Christine Vanden turn director of the
Institute of regional and international
studies warm welcome to you all
Hamid are we talking about a glitch here
or there's something more serious to it
well hum it looks like that everyone is
looking for his own interest the
Parliament or let's say this Parliament
is actually supporting the recounting
the manual recounting vergis Lee and and
want to say that the committee the i
hack the electoral committee actually
made a major frauds in so many provinces
in iraq and i hack the electoral
committee actually they are responsible
for that that's why the law showed that
it's supposed to be the judges who take
the control of the committee first and
then the manual recounting will happen
then thirdly there will be new results
about our let's say the end results of
the elections that happen in may in the
early of May
now this is a side the other side is
actually I hack now is that they are
saying no we didn't do anything the
results is real and we were also
convinced that the digital counting is
the same with the manual counting it
will be the same results so this it
looks like it's we have two separate no
separate part partners all as the two
separate parts and this issue okay
Judith so the plan now is to recount
about ten percent of the votes cast
overall however if there's a difference
of about 25 percent
they might call for a Rick count across
the board is there something that could
change the political map in Iraq you
would think so I mean if you look at the
effect of the ballot boxes or I should
say the polling stations that have have
already been pulled out that are no
longer valid they the the saying here is
that 21 candidates who have been elected
in mostly sunni provinces are no longer
sure of their seats so it might have a
big effect and the effect i think is
even bigger if you look at the fact that
what does this say about democracy in
this country what does it say about the
fairness of a ballot box another problem
that I would like to address here is my
heck itself the election committee they
are the the board of it exists
completely of politicians and the
Parliament has decided who is on that
board so how independent are you in in
that kind of system mm-hmm
Christine for the time being do you
think this is something that would just
address the issue of a recount or that
could further grow to call for new
elections in Iraq yes I mean the
opposition parties in the Kurdistan
region are calling for recount but also
for new elections if the violations and
the evidence of irregularities is so
huge and so widespread that it would
even invalidate or a manual recount
because one of their points is that
because of the multiple types of fraud
committed allegedly that even a recount
would be tainted because of old
biometric cards used or forged national
IDs
that again even a manual recount would
not expose through true results however
I will say there's also a knowledge and
understanding that you know new
elections could also be a destabilizing
though I think letting stand results
that are questioned so widely is of
course equally destabilizing let's take
a closer look at the areas and
demography web results are at stake here
as Charles said in the report 28 members
of Iraq's Parliament are drafting a bill
that would allow a manual vote recount
across the country the bill also calls
for votes from Iraqis living in other
countries and the internationally
internally displaced to be annulled and
recounted manually the Electoral
Commission has already cancelled results
of 1021 of the 53,000 ballot boxes used
in the elections including 67 abroad
Ament the Sunnis have been saying that
they have been discriminated against and
that the results of the elections didn't
run in their own favor do you like do
you think that the United Block led by a
year Delilah we could be one of the
blocks to benefit from any calls for new
elections or a recount well I think Ayad
Allawi and the war Tania's already
making some sort of a coalition a white
coalition which account about 27 and PS
27 new MPs and it's it's what Aeneid Sal
helmet lag and it's also with with
Muhammad Amin with others inside the
Sunni area that making about 27 new MPs
and also they are negotiating with the
salmon new Jeffie to also join this this
coalition which means that we are
talking about more than 35 new MPs a
coalition on that white that means they
will have the huge share inside the 70
or let's say 72 new MPs 72 Sunni and
peace now the I think he shall we must
separate between the violence
it is connected to the recount and the
violence that it will be connected to
making the government it's two separate
things because on this way the first the
first thing is that we are thinking
about the recount and how the recount
will change the seats that means there
will be some seeds outside the SUNY
ballot going to D maybe times to the not
so no one knows exactly why we're asking
these questions because as you know this
is a close election and the moment you
get a very tiny difference that could
lead to a political realignment in the
country Judith we've seen Kurdish
parties buttoning to boycott the
political process in Iraq have their
demands about cancelling the results of
the elections in Kurdistan are not met
very likely to move forward now build
more momentum towards asking for new
elections well the interesting thing
here in Kurdistan is if you look at what
the election committee has decided to uh
no they are not so much the voting
stations in in sulemani a-- where most
of the outcry is but it is mostly in the
hook where KDP the largest Kurdish party
one enormous li and in Erbil here we're
also KDP one so on on the whole all of
Kurdistan seems to be somehow tainted
with fraud if all this is going to be
recounted we have another question are
the ballot ballot boxes really safe and
will the the counting of those ballot
boxes be the same as what people
actually did on the machines there's a
lot of things we do not know that
there's a lot of ways of fraud and if
you listen to the politicians here some
of them are like going on the change
movement they are really angry and they
are even considering making their own
militia as they are saying as long as
parties like KDP and PUK the second
party are have their own militias then
these irregular irregularities will
continue so we need to have some
military power as well and
of course that's very dangerous violence
here is always so near to their to the
surface and that makes it even even
worse Christine we're talking about a
country that has been beset by sectarian
divide the fight against ISIL caused
from the international community for the
Iraqi government to reach out to the
disgruntled and particularly to the
Sydney communities to the Kurds
a tainted election is this something
that could drag Iraq towards more
instability yes just picking up on
Judith's point I I think that is why
it's so important to address these
grievances because of the widespread
allegations of fraud I mean there's you
know as my friends kind of say in
Kurdistan there's not one person here
that that doesn't think there was fraud
I've heard consistently over the past
couple weeks my vote won't change
anything the only way to change this
place is through force and this is from
my friends who are academics political
scientists professors my students and I
think that this is a consistent problem
in the Middle East when people always
ask why is the Middle East so violent my
friends from the states asked me this
and I think about elections when
people's voices aren't heard
consistently in Middle East history and
this is a perfect example today they
turn to other means this manifests their
voice how can it be heard it manifests
in different ways that are potentially I
think more destabilizing for Iraq and
for Kurdistan and so that is why I think
that these grievances these complaints
really need to be addressed where as
some might say in the short term you
know it might push back government
formation which is a gray area that
could be destabilizing if we look at the
medium and long term if the opposition
and the voice of the Kurdish people is
not to be heard through the ballot box
and I am concerned about how they will
make it heard in other ways okay hamid
after the results were announced they
emerged three players who are likely to
shape the future of the country voted
asada haider al-abadi
and Hedy
marry now with the recount thing being
triggered do you think that that could
change anything as far as their blocks
stand well first of all until now the
recount didn't happen that means we're
going to wait until the vote for the law
for the new law that it will be
submitted by the Parliament may be next
Wednesday or Tuesday so at that time if
it will happen I don't think it will
change the seats between the three
players but I think it will support the
claims of the fourth player who is mr.
Maliki the state of law who's now making
some sort of a under table coalition
within Fatah with Hakeem and so on
anyway to try to separate moqtada
al-sadr say rune and Fatah say I don't
sorry and Nasser
in a way or another to be a weakened
wings inside the shared cabinet and
maybe at them maybe at the at the end of
June there will be another coalition
that it will happen that the Nasser will
join Maliki and Fatah hand and Hakeem in
a way or another to separate or let's
say to isolate moqtada Sadr to isolate
siren and make a siren and opposition
inside the Parliament not making the
government which can be happen Judith
are you of the view that this could
trigger also new political realignment
in the country we've seen just over the
last few days talks about what are the
subtle being the kingmaker and that if a
body becomes Prime Minister as other is
the one who's going to have a bigger say
now we're talking about what if new
faces emerge or you've votes are taken
into account that could bring everything
back to square one yes
especially if you look at the fact that
both the two bigger parties in Kurdistan
KDP and PUK have already gone to Baghdad
to talk to the different winners to see
if they can be part of a coalition the
opposition parties have been and not all
of them I must say but mostly have been
waiting because they don't agree on the
out
come the moment that they can talk as
well I don't see any Kurdish unity
happening so this will probably be a
change of blocks which one is going to
be the biggest which one is going to be
the most interesting and which of the
Kurdish parties do still feel that they
can work together that's going to be the
big question here but let me just put to
you there's another important issue and
that's Kirkuk in Kirkuk the P okay so
the second code is party has one now
sure the courts are the biggest group in
Kirkuk but there were a lot of peor que
votes in areas that there are no coats
living and that usually does not happen
so the Turkmen and the Arabs they are
angry and they have already been
protesting and this is an issue where a
recount is probably the only way to get
people to agree to an outcome for Kirkuk
itself which is very volatile this is
important I see your point
Christine we're talking about ongoing
political divide at a time when the
international community the American in
particular the Americans in particular
because now they have this new reviewing
their policy with Iran they have been
saying that the eager to see a stable
government in Iraq but if you look at
these developments this doesn't seem to
be the case any time soon
yeah I would say you know of course
government formation the sooner the
better
is ideal and you know especially for the
international community to have this
return to or stability in a new
government but I I would say we should
think about the past 15 years and I
think for example one thing that's been
very destabilizing for Iraq has been the
nature of the Erbil Baghdad relationship
haven't had good partners in Baghdad or
reveal very zero-sum maximalist politics
now we have the exact same situation now
because of the results we have the same
parties PUK KDP going down to baghdad
negotiating with a variety of actors but
flirting a bit with the nori moli keys
and Hadi armories and I think that
instead of pushing too much and hoping
that we have this government formation
as soon as possible we should think
about the medium and long term do we
want the same actors forming a same
maximalist zero-sum do we want a return
to the post 2003 cycle of zero-sum
politics in Iraq or should we wait and
take some time and say are these really
the best partners for Iraq not just next
week or next month but this coming year
in four years mm-hmm Hamid I mean 15
years after the downfall of Saddam
Hussein do you think that the metrics of
the international community has been
trying to work on in Iraq still work do
people still have faith in the political
establishment if they have to wake up
every now and then about talks of
pervasive corruption or tainted
elections
well well sham frankly speaking people
actually understand that the political
process is hopeless that were that's why
the boycott was well it's more than 56
percent 45 44 % is only participate in
the elections would show you and by the
way it's Sunni Shia and Kurds it's not
only Sunni it's not only shared so not
only Kurds meaning everyone from every
ethnic partners inside this country the
most important thing is that we must
listen to the to the people who boycott
the political process because oh let's
say boycott the elections because it's
send us a message is that you are wrong
you're always sending us or let's say
you always always pushing the corrupted
persons well let's say the persons who
are not or individuals who are not
qualified to control or let's say to
lead this country we need someone who is
eligible to lead this country by the way
let's also not forget is that the Kurds
are united against haider al-abadi they
are not accepting Hyderabadi as prime
minister so there is also a challenge
for the foresight okay another to push
haider al-abadi to the Prime Minister
and this is going to be my question now
to Judith I mean in a country where in
the north for example you have this push
for this pro-independence sentiment in
the Sunni community that is this feeling
that they have been battered and
dispossessed and then you have the Shia
who are in power how do you see the
future of Iraq well it doesn't look very
good because indeed as you're saying
it's the the danger of the of the
country falling apart has been here for
a while and what we saw after the battle
against Isis was that it pulled together
again because they all work together to
get Isis out now these kind of political
movements the way it all is about money
and about who is going to get the place
so that he can get his his cousin and
his brother a job and this is really
it's a disaster for this country and
indeed it's very true if you don't
listen to all those people who didn't go
to vote then what's going to happen
after that
so I'm not optimistic about what's
happening here to be quite honest real
challenges indeed facing the Iraqi
political elite and the country as it's
grappling to find a way out to its
political crisis Christine Vanden turn
I'm a trustee Judith Nurik thank you
very much indeed for your contribution
to the program we appreciate it and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside so you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj a inside story from me - one of the
whole team here bye for now
