these Syrians are some of the millions
forced from their homes by war who
received meals from local charities
during the holy month of Ramadan there
are tens of thousands who arrived in the
opposition-controlled province of Idlib
in recent weeks with nothing they don't
have homes or jobs they are among the 7
million Syrians who are refugees in
their own country and who the United
Nations says are vulnerable Syria still
burning the pockets of fighting
throughout the countries 7 million
people left their homes and they
remained internally displaced the
borders are closed people are trapped
inside their situation is dire there are
millions of Syrian children who are not
going to school there are people without
shelter without water sanitation health
coverage food they're fetching for
themselves people are moving from one
place to another UN agencies responsible
for humanitarian action in Syria are
warning of consequences if they don't
receive the funds they need so far the
international community has donated less
than one-third of the five point six
billion dollars required the lack of
funding for WFP will have direct impact
on the nutritional status of the people
mainly women and children but not only
that we've seen that the result of food
cuts and the region has an impact on the
education which is something extremely
important in this region and we don't
want to end up with a no-loss generation
the seven-year war has been particularly
hard on children thousands have been
killed tens of thousands disabled some
of the displaced attend school in tents
many others don't go to school at all
and about half of the 5.5 million
refugees in neighboring countries are
children in seven years close to 550
thousand Syrian children have been born
in those countries hosting them as
refugee and those host nations countries
like Jordan and Lebanon for example are
dealing with their own economic problems
in many cases refugees coming and set
locations that are already poor and
impoverished and one of the examples
were for Lebanon particularly there are
251 most affected municipalities that
they have identified for the last four
or five years without adequate funding
for livelihoods and social cohesion
sector our abilities to only cover 24 of
those 250 municipalities the fighting
has subsided across the country but the
humanitarian crisis remains millions
depend on aid to survive and their
situation is worsening in the absence of
a political solution zenica Deir al
Jazeera Beirut
