megalopolis introduced electricity to
southern greece in 1970 the public power
corporation or PPC invested hundreds of
millions of dollars in a power plant
based on exclusive access to cheap
lignite coal but that is about to change
Greece's eurozone partners and creditors
have ordered the corporation to share
access to this abundant fuel in the name
of fair competition the PPC is being
forced to sell three power stations and
the lignite mines that feed them union
leaders fear that will put 1,100 jobs at
risk in this town alone this power
station contributed greatly to Greece's
energy security for half a century now
we're expected to sell it to a privateer
in the blink of an eye they're coming in
to buy ready built plants and mines
that's not development development is
building new plants hiring people
creating jobs this is a sellout there's
enough coal here to run the power
station for another 15 years that would
see most of the present workforce safely
into retirement but under privatisation
their jobs are guaranteed for only six
years so they're looking at the prospect
of unemployment in middle age but they
are partly the victims of their own
success the PPC union has fought
liberalization for two decades the
public Power Corporation built the
electricity market and its
infrastructure from nothing over the
past century making money wasn't the
point investment in the economy was the
goal but under Europe's free-market
rules it must now divest itself of its
Titanic monopoly it has sold its
transmission network is privatizing
three profitable power stations and by
the end of next year must lose half its
client base high carbon dioxide
emissions risk putting lignite coal out
of action altogether
last year this plant paid thirteen and a
half million dollars in emissions fines
and their costs have since nearly
tripled energy experts say the real
value of this sale is not in the
existing operation but the thousands of
hectares of land and the operating
licence that come with it so we may well
see in a situation where an owner a new
owner come seen operates the lignite
power plant few years and then decides
to this
until the lignite part of the operation
and substituted with a gasp power plant
or a photovoltaic one that's not a
transition workers here support
renewable energy requires little labour
and if this land is given over to a
different use it likely won't require
their skills jumps our applause
al-jazeera megalopolis
