it was hailed as a show for the times
Roseann portrayed a working-class white
American family the kind that tended to
vote for Donald Trump in the last
election and touched on some of the
tough political and social issues that
currently divide Americans but the ABC
network owned by the media giant Disney
pulled the plug on it just hours after
its controversial star Roseanne Barr
tweeted about a former official who
served under President Obama
she described Valerie Jarrett who is
african-american as if the Muslim
Brotherhood and Planet of the Apes had a
baby
the woman targeted by bars said it was
for Americans yet another lesson about
racism in the United States I think we
have to turn it into a teaching moment
I'm fine I'm worried about all the
people out there who don't have a circle
of friends and followers who come right
to their defense bar who had also
compared u.s. UN Ambassador Susan Rice
to an ape in 2013 apologized saying I am
truly sorry for making a bad joke about
her politics and her looks I should have
known better forgive me my joke was in
bad taste co-star and producer Sarah
Gilbert said her comments do not reflect
the beliefs of our cast and crew or
anyone associated with our show but it
was the president of ABC Channing Dungy
herself an African American who had the
final word on the fate of the show
Roseanne's Twitter statement is
abhorrent repugnant and inconsistent
with our values she said and we have
decided to cancel her show
it shows people's difference different
opinions and how they resolve it Barr
has described herself as a trump
supporter and the president had called
to congratulate her after the premiere
of the show
did you see Rosen's ratings I said mark
how big were they they were unbelievable
over 18
people and it was about us on this
latest controversy however he has so far
remained silent
Kristen salumi al-jazeera
