it was a rare sight libya's four main
rival leaders together at the same table
after meeting in Paris at the Elysee
Palace they committed to hold elections
in December the French president had
called the talks to find a way out of
Libya's political crisis and then seven
years of conflict
he said the outcome marked a historic
moment Silla premi√®re fois is the first
time that in this format all of the
leaders some don't acknowledge each
other mutually have met and agreed to
work together and together approved a
joint declaration it is a vital step an
important one and which makes possible
what is about to come
representatives of nearly 20 countries
in the region also attended the UN
backed leader of Tripoli's unity
government issued a warning to them not
to interfere in Libya steps to democracy
if the foreign interference continues in
our country this will never be a success
we need to have unity between the
countries in the region and Libya will
take strong measures against those who
interfere with the democratic process
since the fall of Gaddafi in 2011 Libya
has suffered instability and violence as
rival politicians and armed groups
compete for influence for the past four
years powers been mainly split between
the leadership of Prime Minister Sajjan
Tripoli and renegade general Khalifa
Haftar in the East France was one of the
main driving forces behind NATO's
military intervention to help rebels
topple Gaddafi but now mackerels been
leading a push to bring peace to Libya
last year he hosted Siraj and half died
in France
the president says stabilizing Libya is
a priority for Europe to help stem the
flow of migrants across the
Mediterranean and curtail threats from
armed groups France will consider this
meeting a diplomatic triumph rival
Libyan leaders agreeing to elections
later this year but some analysts say
that some of the commitments that have
been made here in Paris are simply
unrealistic
laughs ooh France is congratulating
itself for having brought together so
many people to build consensus but not
all the main pleasures are here leaders
from groups in Misrata boycotted this
meeting because they say they were not
treated on equal terms with the other
Libyans here passed attempts at
mediation by the United Nations have
failed to bring peace to Libya president
macro will hope his efforts pay off but
in such a fractured country much will
depend on the will of those who control
competing centers of power
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Paris
