with financial markets on tenterhooks
and a government of non elected
technocrats being assembled in Rome
supporters of the anti-establishment 5
star movement voiced their anger in
Naples they're not prepared to stand by
after their party having formed a
coalition with the far-right league
party was denied power on the weekend
when president sergio mattarella
rejected one of their proposed ministers
but so far there's been no breakthrough
in efforts to form a government led by
matt Arella pic as prime
minister-designate former International
Monetary Fund official Carlo Corelli
after meeting the President on Tuesday
afternoon a spokesman I'm simply here to
inform you that Prime Minister designate
Carlo Corelli
has updated the President on the
situation they'll meet again tomorrow
morning I'm not authorized to say more
even if a technocratic government is
formed it's likely a majority of MPs
will vote it down in Parliament that
would lead the country to early
elections in the autumn it is an
extremely delicate situation without
doubt in political terms a
transformation is occurring in Italian
politics whatever happens porta Italia
will not give its confidence votes to
cutter Ally we will abstain because it's
a neutral technical government which
serves to lead us to elections as soon
as possible
analysts suggest the political mayhem
blamed by figures from the league
five-star alliance on the EU power
centers of Brussels and Berlin may well
strengthen right-wing anti-establishment
support the next election they say could
be an unofficial referendum on Italy's
membership of the eurozone and that is a
development financial markets already
weary of Italy's massive debt burden
will not welcome Jonah hull al Jazeera
