the sound of explosions occurred over
guards over much of Tuesday it's been
the most intense exchange of rockets and
mortars between Israel and various
fighting groups here for four years
Israeli defenses intercepted many but
not all of the Rockets one of the armed
groups in Gaza Islamic Jihad said it had
launched Rockets because Israel had
killed three of its man at a lookout
post earlier in the week Hamas which
runs Gaza said Israel had escalated
tensions this escalation is very
dangerous from the Zionist occupation
and the occupation bears complete
responsibility for this escalation and
its ramifications the coop iers should
know that the crimes will be responded
to with resistance Israel's military
said that some mortars hit a kibbutz and
it's kindergarten before it opened for
the day Israel views with utmost gravity
the attacks against it and its
communities by Hamas and Islamic Jihad
from the Gaza Strip the military will
respond with great force to these
attacks Israel will exact a heavy price
from anyone who tries to attack it and
we view Hamas as the responsible party
to prevent such attacks against us
as tensions rose along the fence
Palestinians also tried to break
Israel's naval blockade of Gaza a boat
with people on board who need medical
treatment sailed out into the
Mediterranean heading for Cyprus those
ambitions sank 16 kilometers out where
the vessel was intercepted by the
Israeli Navy and towed to an Israeli
port throughout Tuesday other armed
groups have joined in firing rockets and
mortars into Israel and Israel's
military has continued to hit targets in
Gaza ultimately Hamas has influence over
all these armed groups and is believed
to be trying to calm things down but
there is a lot of frustration here that
after more than two months of protests
and more than a hundred and ten people
killed Palestinians here are no closer
to ending Israel's blockade of Gaza
Bernard Smith al Jazeera Gaza
