this corner of Syria has been quiet for
over a year there are fears that may
change Washington has threatened the
Syrian government that it will act if it
moves against the rebels in Daraa and
kenitra the u.s. along with Russia and
Jordan are guarantors of a ceasefire in
those southern provinces
now Moscow says they will meet soon a
day after Jordan said the three
countries see eye-to-eye on the need to
preserve the truth but there are many
questions about what they agree on we
don't know the answers what kind of an
agreement will they reach how long will
the ceasefire last would it be a
permanent ceasefire what about the force
that will control this area will
government rule return to southern Syria
that is what the Syrian government wants
state TV has been beating the drums of
war it says the army is sending
reinforcements to the area in
preparation for an offensive the
opposition enclaves are along the
borders of Israel and Jordan both
countries want Russia to make sure Iran
and its allied militias stay away from
the area it seems Moscow supports their
position from the very beginning the
agreement on forming a de-escalation
area in southwestern Syria was for the
eventual withdrawal of all non Syrian
forces from this part of Syria the
result of the ongoing work should be a
situation in which troops of the Syrian
Armed Forces will be stationed alongside
the Syrian border with Israel but Israel
denied reports of an agreement with
Russia to prevent the deployment of
Iranian backed forces in the area Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel
is not interested in any partial
agreements renounce all and darkness
with Syria our position is clear we
believe that there is no place for any
Iranian military presence anywhere in
Syria there has been escalating tension
following a series of Israeli strikes on
Iranian targets in Syria there are
reports that Iranian and Iranian backed
forces have withdrawn from the front
lines in southern Syria and repositioned
closer to Damascus if this is
firmed it will mean there is progress in
the talks Jordan and Israel want those
forces away from their borders and
Russia is pushing to return state rule
to that corner of Syria without the need
for military action Syrian army
commanders and their allies say the
battle plan is ready and preparations
are completed clearly keeping up the
pressure while diplomacy takes the front
seat
sanika dar al jazeera Beirut
