inside the star chart studio lies a 300
year old sleeping lion for decades it's
at caged off-limits to the world until
now meet the sleeping lion the world's
largest freshwater pearl has a history
as rich as its price tag named after
shape the 578 carat Jim is valued as
high as $600,000 it's up for auction in
The Hague on Thursday you can't say
because I need a new car or something
like that is that the reason the reason
is that it is owns in a private
collection and I think it's an important
piece of nature and it had to be
exhibited in a museum or an institution
its rarity is increased as the pearl
industry commercialized the last century
seeing the emergence of mass-produced
cultured pearls
you know most pearls you see today are
all cultured so in a way created by
human intervention this pearl is really
formed by a mollusk somewhere in a river
or lake living there the sleeping lion
has changed hands over continents and
class from merchants to Russian and
European royalty it was pulled from
Chinese waters in the early 1700s Dutch
merchants took it to present-day Jakarta
and then on to India where it was
purchased for fifty thousand florins the
modern-day equivalent of four hundred
thousand dollars the Pearl was shipped
to Amsterdam and sold in 1779 the buyer
the Empress of Russia Catherine the
Great a jeweler working for the king of
Italy then purchased it returning it to
Europe in 1865 one of the earliest
accounts that we could find was actually
present in the city archives of
Amsterdam it was a print of this pearl
saying that it was called the sleeping
lion pearl weighing 578 carats and come
Thursday in may bring history into the
hands of anyone with
at least half a million dollars
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
