in Brasilia they're saying they've
reached agreement and the protest is
over but Brasilia is a long way from
here and most of the rest of Brazil and
these truck drivers tens of thousands of
them either haven't received the message
or don't plan to heed it we are not only
here for the truck drivers but for all
Brazilians who are suffering with the
rises and electricity water gas
everything Brazilians have to work just
to survive
we are not members of any political
party we are the people who are
suffering the most the same the rise in
the price of diesel makes it hard for
them to earn a living and tempers afraid
this used to be a strike now it's more
than a strike Brazil has realized that
we can't keep going with these
politicians who over the years we've
seen involved in corruption bribery and
scandals the government has offered a
10% reduction but can hardly afford the
more than one and a quarter billion
dollars it will have to pay the state
oil company Petrobras in compensation
what's taking many here by surprise is
just how quickly a country as well
developed as Brazil with the seventh
largest economy in the world can be
brought to its knees with the economy
fragile a weak government can only offer
temporary partial solutions with
everybody here now very well aware of
how reliant we all are on a constant
flow of fuel protesting drivers have
been blocking roads across Brazil it
means many gas stations have run out of
fuel while those that still have
supplies attract lines of desperate
motorists that can stretch for several
kilometres not the economic recovery
many experts said what's happening
Iconia Brazil Illinois economy attract
Brazil's economy is not weak what's weak
is the political movement in this
country we've had a former president
arrested and now have a weak president
in office he has no leadership or
charisma and the increase in oil and gas
prices has just added to the problems
even if all of Brazil's truck drivers
return to work immediately it would
still take several days for the country
to return to normal but with
presidential elections due in October
that would be a normality fraught with
tension and the threat of more strikes
and protests - wagner al jazeera Sao
Paulo
