I am for me okay and you're on the
stream live on YouTube and I'm Emily
could be loud today nearly 70 years on
what will it take to end the Korean War
we'll discuss the ongoing prospects for
peace on the Korean Peninsula for some
Americans the Korean War is considered a
forgotten conflict for North Korea the
three years of fighting that killed more
than two million between 1950 and 1953
remains a constant reminder for
vigilance against what Pyongyang sees as
u.s. imperialist aggression more than
six decades since a 1953 armistice the
historic inter-korean summit held last
month a palindrome resulted in yet
another pledge between North and South
Korean leaders to officially end the
Korean War by the close of this year so
today we want to look at the backdrop
for tensions on the Korean Peninsula and
current prospects for ending the war
with us on set is Montara ova he has a
former US diplomat and speechwriter
focusing on u.s. foreign policy in Asia
in Santa Cruz California Christine Hong
she's a professor at the University of
California Santa Cruz and a member of
the Korea Policy Institute and in
Honolulu Christine on she is the founder
and international coordinator of Women
cross dmz but the global movement of
women mobilizing to end the Korean War
reunite families and ensure women's
leadership in peace building welcome to
all of our guests the stream it's really
good to see you let's start with a
little bit of a newsreel from 1950 have
a look have a listen at this
in Korea United Nations troops push on
in the cautious advance against the
Communists an advanced whose purpose
general Ridgway states is not to seize
ground but to wipe out the enemy
the Chinese Red Army fighting
desperately in small isolated stands
prefers to give ground on wider front
rather than join battle and it's up to
the infantry to clear out the pockets of
diehard communists so professor
technically this war isn't over yet the
impact of this unfinished war on
relations with North Korea and the West
what do you think the greatest impact of
it not being officially and it is you
know the greatest impact has been
actually on the Korean people in your
opening segment you indicated that two
million people in terms of Koreans were
killed during this conflict this is an
asymmetrical war of aggression on the
part of the United States and it's
sobering to realize that the number was
even greater than that most historians
state that approximately four million
Koreans were killed the majority of them
were civilians the United States policy
toward North Korea from the middle part
of the 20th century to the present
moment has been an unyielding policy of
regime change and so you know when
people speak about the North Korean
threat they don't understand and this is
the key issue the rule that aggressive
u.s. foreign policy has had in creating
this perceived threat so you know I
think that right now with the discussion
of peace which is so very long overdue
let's keep in mind that the last
generation of people who were actually
children during the time of the hot
fighting in the middle part of the 20th
century they are ldren elderly now and
they're passing away and so for that
particular generation as well as
everyone who actually fought in this
conflict they didn't anticipate that the
result of this war on the Korean
Peninsula would be lasting until for
several decades they anticipated that
peace would come and so belatedly
finally we have the prospect of a
discussion of peace hmm Christine you
spend time on the Korean Peninsula both
sides of the DMZ when you're with people
down on the ground
real people not politicians not
officials do you still feel that impact
of the war not being done yet
do they tell you about that absolutely I
just returned from South Korea actually
at the DMZ right at the same time
actually that moon jaein and kim giman
were meeting in Panmunjom but for
example as they were meeting I was at a
station overlooking the engine River and
through a telescope I was looking onto
North Korean soil and I overheard a
father tell his son we are one people
but we can't see them and I think that
that is an important story that needs to
be really brought out is the division of
the Korean people the millions of
families still in North and South Korea
in fact as we were marching with 1200
South Korean women in the DMZ we crossed
the reunification bridge which was the
bridge that was built in 1998 and the
former CEO of Hyundai brought five
hundred cattle across that bridge we
were the first civilians to ever walk
that bridge and and I was walking with
one of the Korean women actually you
might see her her picture right there
with the visor she is actually from
North Korea and she still has family in
North Korea so this has a deeply
resonant meeting for millions of Korean
families that still remain divided and
just to bring in the perspective of
North Koreans I mean I've been to North
Korea eight times I've visited
throughout the country and especially
talking to people who live in the rural
communities women farmers who say you
know we have been living under UN US
sanctions and that definitely impacts
their day-to-day existence their ability
to have adequate food their ability to
have a heat to heat their homes or oil
to cook so I think we have to look at
the whole
package of US foreign policy and the
impact of families on the Korean
Peninsula on the well-being the human
rights of North Korean people I hear you
there Cristina and when we're talking
about the legacy of this war that some
refer to at least in the United States
has forgotten war one of the things our
community is bringing up is that because
of that there are misconceptions
here's one from Khalid on Twitter he
says yes one of the misconceptions is to
imply or infer at times that North Korea
is not a rational actor thereby
inverting Lee portraying hostile
responses to it as necessary or required
similar was used with Iraq and
consistently with the Palestinians he
uses two examples there but there is
someone in our community Montero who
says there's a history to this there's a
history to the reason why people use
this phrase rational actor and whether
or not North Korea is one and she says
it has to do with the war this is what
Anika Culver had to tell the stream the
North Koreans have essentially defined
themselves in terms of a struggle
against outside powers for a very long
period of time
they were under Japanese colonial
control from 1910 until 1945 then
occupied by the Soviets and of course
suffered the devastating Korean War were
in some areas up to 20% of the
population perished
amidst the the struggles and so this
narrative of resistance is still deeply
embedded in the culture of the North
Korean state so she calls it a narrative
of resistance would you agree with that
that's absolutely right
resistance is central to the North
Korean ideology in fact it's centered
around self-reliance but I would say
it's more about us and Western
perceptions of North Korea that they're
sort of baffled by how this small weak
state can continue to threaten the
outside world and I think for many
people that question is best result by
considering it irrational profess I'm
just thinking about
how the war is viewed from the other
side of the DMZ from North Korea what
Intel do you have about how people are
thinking about this potential peace
process you know it's not even
intelligent I'd say that if you it's
just common sense this is a people as
Christine on was saying who has been
under us war policy including sanctions
sanctions were part of Truman's war
policy three days into the hot fighting
of the Korean War they're an explicit
part of US war policy from that moment
forward there is no country on this
earth that is more sanctioned than North
Korea and so basically on the North
Korean end I'd say that this is a
society you can go anywhere throughout
the country and you can speak to people
who were on the level of their families
and they're personally impacted by the
Korean War violence so when you're
talking about Korean North Korean
society there's no society on this earth
that understands more intimately what it
means to be in the crosshairs of the US
war machine what you saw in terms of the
Panmunjeom declaration you know and the
meeting of the two leaders which was
live-streamed around the world what that
showcased was it wasn't just the North
Korean people's desire for peace it was
the Korean people's desire for peace and
so let's make no mistake historically
the United States in its triangulated
role with the two Koreas has played an
obstructionist rule and the post-cold
war period North Korea fully assumed
that it would be allowed to normalize
relations with the United States and
that it would enter into the
international order as just a normal
state actor one u.s. president after
another prevented that from happening
and so you know what you saw in terms of
the penguin jump declaration is that one
jiaying you know the president who you
see right now on your screen he was
elected in a snap election in the south
what happened was his neoconservative
predecessor Park geun-hye who was a
daughter of a dick
who implemented all matter of Nationals
very draconian national security
policies you had all manner of
neoliberal policies that put the South
Korean people at risk who was corrupt
she's now in prison what happened was
the South Korean people took to the
streets and millions in these
candlelight vigil tees historic
candlelight protests in 2016 they ousted
her and part of their mandate in
electing one gene in the snap election
was that they deputized him to negotiate
with North Korea
he has 85 percent support from the South
Korean people for peace and so you can
see that the Koreas are united and
desire for peace and right now they're
asking Donald Trump to join what
Christine on has called the peace train
make a guy well when we talk about these
talks and and a potential summit there
is a desire for peace with them there's
also a concern online that there are
certain things that need to be on the
table before peace can happen here's a
tweet we got from Chang hoon Shen who
says frankly speaking I think this
summitry is ridiculous
if it is the starting point of diplomacy
then I say it's worth trying however if
this summit wants to achieve a cbid
which is a complete and irreversible
denuclearization then I say that North
Korea is not serious to hold the summit
I say the US must get North Korea's
promised Christina I'm wondering what
you think about this and if this is
actually on the table or or if it is in
good faith will this happen well I think
that is part of the distortion coming
from the US media and US officials that
have so long dictated how the situation
would be on the Korean Peninsula but
having just come from Seoul having
actually met with the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs the South Korean I think
that the perspective is that we know
from the North Korean side they want a
peace treaty and from the US side they
really want denuclearization and what I
think South Korea and wenjian has been
doing is trying to put forward the
mediation rule which is actually but the
two need to go
hand-in-hand and unfortunately the way
that the narrative is especially with
mainstream media in this country is that
there's this you know it eternal
obsession with the denuclearization of
Korea of North Korea without any
historical context without putting
forward this kind of history that
Christine Hong laid out and that is you
know when we look at what happened to
Iraq if we look at what happened to
Libya which now John Bolton is saying
that that's how the u.s. views the u.s.
policy and approach towards North Korea
is the Libya regime change model that
led to basically the assassination of
Qaddafi this is not going to yield the
denuclearization of North Korea and what
must be on the table to actually achieve
the denuclearization are concrete steps
towards normalization towards the
lifting of sanctions unless those two
things take place at the same time we're
not gonna see progress towards North
Korea giving up its nuclear weapons why
would they meet our let me share this
with you President Trump got up quite
early this morning 6:30 a.m. he was
tweeting we have put a great team
together for our talks with North Korea
meetings are currently taking place
concerning summit and more kim jong-chul
the vice chairman of north korea heading
out to new york solid response to my
letter thank you that was the letter
where he said we're off we're not doing
this anymore we're not talking you're
not my friend I might blow you up but
I'm paraphrasing here but if you do want
to talk later come back and chat to me
I'm paraphrasing just slightly what
let's go you're doing for a particular
diplomatic but with better grammar there
work so what let me draw on your
diplomatic experience here what is
happening to set up a summit
behind-the-scenes people do don't turn
up with an agenda what is happening
right now well let me just talk about
the u.s. delegation that's currently in
Korea right now having meetings at the
border with North Korean officials to
prepare for the summit because I
actually worked with an for or two of
the numbers of that delegation
ambassador Sung Kim who's currently the
US ambassador to the Philippines but he
is one of the few people who's
had direct experience negotiating with
the North Koreans he's someone who likes
to let others talk is very good at
letting others put their cards on the
table he's very knowledgeable about the
issue and he's very much a problem
solver and he's accompanied by Allison
hooker of the National Security Council
who's also very competent and very
knowledgeable about North Korea so if
you're someone who believes that
preparation is important for this summit
then this team should give you a lot of
confidence I think so not everyone
online though is confident in the USS
abilities this is a comment we just got
live on YouTube Elizabeth says I think
North and South Korea will have to
negotiate without influence from other
countries like the US or China however I
don't know if that's possible another
person on Twitter saying something very
similar Abdi says the end of USA
involvement and interference in the
Korean Peninsula and the peace summit
can bring it into the Korean War
legally professor could the US take
itself out of involvement in these talks
or legally do they have to be involved I
mean if you look at who the signatories
were for the Korean War armistice
agreement I'm talking about the July
27th 1953 armistice agreement there were
three parties that were signatories it
was North Korea China and the United
States and so technically you know what
that document actually specified was a
number of things but it stated that
within three months time that those
three signatories should return to the
peace table to hammer out a permanent
peace agreement and you know that's
never happened and so technically
speaking if you're thinking about a
peace treaty it's going to involve
Congress but it also involves
fundamentally the United States so the
United States is a key it's a key actor
in the negotiation of a peace process
the other thing too is that you know
it's very interesting to see this very
skillful very adroit diplomacy that has
been exercised by moon jaein but when GM
in South Korea is in a hard place
because historically South Korea has
been semi sovereign
that's because the United States to this
day retains command authority over South
Korean military forces in times of
heightened war crisis the United States
in violation of the terms of the
armistice agreement still stations
roughly 30,000 US military forces south
of the DMZ operates about 80 military
installations until has you know
basically conducted these joint military
exercises with South Korea that are the
largest in the world that simulated the
invasion and occupation of North Korea
that simulated the decapitation of North
Korea's leadership and that also as
recently as just a couple of weeks ago
in this operation max Thunder simulate
operations that involve a potential
nuclear first strike against North Korea
so when we're talking about the question
of peace and we're talking about the
question of denuclearization the United
States has to realize that it has
commensurate obligations
denuclearization is not the task of
North Korea alone the United States has
to you withdraw regionally it has to
rethink its entire regional pause
posture and actually give security
guarantees to North Korea that actually
remove the possibility of what has been
possible from the middle part of the
20th century to now which is the United
States threatening North Korea with
nuclear annihilation had that not been
the case and had George W Bush not
placed North Korea on a list a short
list of permissible first strike targets
of US nuclear action back in 2002 North
Korea would not have seen fit to take to
the nuclear road had North Korea as
Christine on stated not seeing what the
United States had done in one regime
change action after another with Iraq as
an example and then Libya it would not
have taken to the nuclear Road so North
Korea is now in possession of a nuclear
deterrent and it's actually calling for
peace and so you know we have to realize
that paradoxically North Korea which
described itself as a peace-loving
nuclear power and in Kim jong-un's I
knew
address this past year is actually that
it's using its nuclear deterrent as a
lever to be able to discuss the prospect
of peace
antara guy had Kristen Kristen well I
would just also add to what Professor
Hong so eloquently stated was as much as
I want to say the peace train has left
the station
and that North and South Korea are
progressing irrespective of what Donald
Trump does with his whiplashed diplomacy
is that we know from the previous era of
the sunshine era where Kim dae-jung
and Kim Jong Kim jong-il sought a policy
of Robert Swan and and a taunt with Kim
dae-jung the South Korean president and
the Noma Hyun is that it reached
basically a glass ceiling because of the
u.s. policy of aggression towards North
Korea as Professor Han noted the axis of
evil North Korea was placed along with
Iran and Iraq in the axis of evil and so
as much as we want to see inter-korean
progress it will always be constrained
and greatly impacted negatively impacted
by u.s. hostility towards North Korea so
we have to see these two parallel tracks
taking place and I think just bring it
back to what the South Koreans and and
wenjian has been saying is we want both
denuclearization and the pursuit of a
peace treaty to go side by side and that
we are not going to see the
denuclearization of North Korea and
North Korea giving up its won deterrence
unless they have guaranteed security and
that's going to come in the form of
concrete steps including the removal of
sanctions and normalized relations
between the u.s. and North Korea one of
the things we'd be remiss if we didn't
bring up today is human rights because
so many of our community members are
discussing that here's just a few one
person on Twitter says if moon jae-in
truly wants to help North Korea human
rights talk is inevitable another person
Edwards saying that human rights should
not be ignored when dealing with North
Korea because North Korea is the world's
premier violator of them in his words
and one last person GE Lisa
unfortunately this is peculiar
characteristics of South Korean leftist
they're extremely reluctant to raise any
issues which can make the North Korea
regime uncomfortable like human rights
min taro I'm wondering what you think of
this issue will it be on the table or is
it something that officials are
unwilling to push well North Korea's
grave and systematic human rights abuses
have been very well documented and I
think that it's something that the Trump
administration cares about but the main
issue here is really the security of the
United States the security of South
Korea and so the main issue during the
summit is going to be denuclearization
and how to resolve that issue you know
if I could just add something here you
know it's to say that the Trump first of
all I would disagree that the Trump
administration actually cares about
human rights even though Donald Trump
you know attempted recently in his State
of the Union address to take a page out
of the george w bush axis of evil' Human
Rights playbook by bringing a North
Korean defector to Washington DC and
doing a shout-out to him during his
remarks the fact of the matter is as
Donald Trump as recently as last year
let's just not forget in front of the
United Nations basically declared that
he was willing to totally destroy North
Korea and those remarks were construed
by human rights scholars and experts as
a declaration of genocide an intention
for genocide and that's a crucial part
of the legal definition of genocide what
we're missing when we're talking about
human rights is actually what during the
Nuremberg trial and in terms of the Rome
Statute for the International Criminal
Court was held to be the biggest human
rights violation of all this was noted
as the crime of crimes and that was
aggressive war or or crimes against the
peace that is precisely what the United
States in terms of its war of
intervention right against Korea
committed so when we're talking about
the greatest human rights violation of
all we're talking about u.s. aggression
on the Korean Peninsula and there has
been a staggering
culture of immunity and impunity that
has followed in the wake of that
professor and Christina right at the end
of the show I'm just have time to just
ask Montara
who has been working on the Korea
Peninsula and doing diplomacy for such a
long time this moment how would you
describe this moment we're in right now
this is a really remarkable moment we've
never seen this confluence of factors
you know a South Korean president who
wants to engage North Korea a u.s.
president who wants to be seen as a
great deal maker and North Korea
confident in its status as a nuclear
power and I think that presents a real
tactical opportunity to make progress if
not toward denuclearization that then
toward reducing tensions and peace and
that's what I hope to see Monteiro
professor Christine audience watching
online and on TV thank you for joining
us today you can find Malika myself
always online at hashtag a day stream
take care
