it's been more than a week and despite
an ongoing investigation there is still
no sign of Jamal Hazuki sounds like a
Hollywood thriller and the uncertainty
surrounding his is of growing concern to
Turkey's political figures in Turkey is
not a stage will root for mafia methods
or bloody revenge if there was a crime
and if the criminals are identified what
is necessary should be done to punish
the perpetrators members of the ruling
up party says if the rumors of his
killing are true it's the responsibility
of every country to respond to such a
human rights violation
Jamarcus Shipton soul if cacha√ßa was to
write a very critical column against
Saudi Arabia it wouldn't have hurt the
Saudi image as much as this incident so
it shows the impotence of a country to
silence a journalist opposition
lawmakers are in agreement that if the
allegations are true there must be
consequences for Saudi Arabia if there
is a murder and Saudis are directly
involved all Saudi officials with
diplomatic immunity here must leave
Turkey and international institutions
including the UN should do the same it
is not compatible with diplomacy law or
friendship if Saudis carried out such an
assassination this should be seen as
defiance against turkey and disregard of
law plus it is a threat to all
journalists keshavjee safety and
well-being is the most important thing
but Turkey has to reconsider its
relations in the Middle East with such
countries until now turkish President
Recep Tayyip Erdogan has handled
America's case discreetly but as the
concerns grown over the life of the
salvage journalist some here fear that
it could lead to a diplomatic breakup
and if this happens Turkey will need
support from Western and Arab countries
to be able to put pressure on Saudi
Arabia see namkyu solo al Jazeera Ankara
