it was an extraordinary act of bravery
in just 30 seconds a young man scaled a
building in Paris on Saturday night and
safe to child had been dangling from the
fourth floor mobile phone pictures of
the heart-stopping moment went viral
prompting a search for the hero he was
soon identified as 22 year-old Mamedov
gossamer who fell from the fifth floor I
think I like children a lot I don't want
for something bad to happen to them in
front of me it would have broken my
heart I ran I thought of ways to rescue
him
thank God I climbed up and I saved him
the next day the mayor of Paris said
she'd spoken to kasama revealing he was
a Malian refugee without papers he
explained to me that he had arrived from
Mali a few months ago dreaming of
building his life here thousands of
people had signed an online petition
calling on France to grant kasama
residency hailed as a hero by so many
people he was invited to meet the French
president when I began to climb it gave
the courage to keep going very fast
after I saved the child I suddenly
became scared the police came and took
us inside the apartment I was shaking
all over
ksama had arrived at the Alizee as an
illegal immigrant and came out with a
promise of French citizenship an award
for his bravery and a job with the fire
brigade in the neighborhood where the
events took place people had gathered to
look well this is where that amazing
rescue took place if you look up at that
fence with the sharp points on the top
Mamadou gathon would have had to scale
that then up those four balconies and
from this perspective it looks
incredibly high and that is why his act
of bravery has really captured the
imagination of so many people across
france and across the world
vascular furniture line I think he did
it spontaneously and did not think it
would have this impact it's great he's
been recognized French authorities say
the father of the boy had gone shopping
leaving his son alone he's been taken
into custody
meanwhile kasama is coming to terms with
his newfound fame in
tree where the debate over refugees has
long divided opinion
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Paris
