markets and Kerala bustle like normal
but fruit sellers sit idle
it's a rare sign that a deadly virus is
gripping their community we are afraid
of eating these foods because this Nipah
virus is spreading so due to that we are
afraid to buy the foods in our break of
nipa virus in Kerala this month has
killed more than a dozen people its
natural host is the fruit bat and well
it's not confirmed that's how this
outbreak started it's enough to stop
people from eating anything the bat may
have touched after this virus problem
sales have been really bad the products
are just not getting sold earlier I used
to sell one kilogram for 50 rupees but
now I have to sell 2 kilograms for 50
rupees this is because everyone is
saying that fruit bats this and fruit
bats that so nothing is getting sold
careless hospitals have been overrun
with people sick with fear nipa virus
causes flu-like symptoms and brain
inflammation it kills 75% of those it
infects and there is no vaccine india's
health ministry is trying to quell
concerns they sent teams to monitor for
new cases and says the virus has not
spread and yet silence tourists are
steering clear of Kochi Kerala is
biggest city it's 200 kilometers from
the outbreak but still vacancies here
are up we are getting quite a lot of
cancellations from the domestic sector
there are a lot of inquiries from the
guy from the Gulf countries because the
Arab season is coming up and they are
also getting worried the World Health
Organization has listed nipa as one of
eight priority diseases alongside Ebola
and Zika that could cause a global
epidemic it was discovered in Malaysia
20 years ago and has killed more than
200 people since containing Knipper in
the world's second most populated
country is a challenge so far
fear is spreading faster than the virus
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
