after weeks of talks and hopes of a
breakthrough Italy's Prime Minister
designate throws in the towel or
omission and out dog I have renounced
the mandate which I have been given by
the President of the Republic to form a
government of change
Giuseppe Conte had been asked by the so
called populist coalition which between
them won the most seats in the March
election with forming a viable cabinet
now he says that proved a bridge too far
and the sticking point the proposed
economy minister paolo Savona a former
minister who's also a well known euro
skeptic italy's president says Savona
would have sent a worrying message to
Italy's partners and to the financial
markets of de la they loved Thema that I
conclude that I'm not considering the
individual I don't want someone who
supports an opinion which was expressed
more than once that would inevitably
lead to Italy's exit from the euro up
until the last minute Matteo salvini
leader of the right-wing League party
had insisted his pick for economy
minister must not be vetoed speaking
live on social media late on Sunday he
called the president's rejection
anti-democratic he said no he said there
will not be a government we work for
nothing we will have a technocratic
government I asked are we a democracy in
Italy do the Italians aside or do the
Germans of French decide it's absolutely
incredible from my point of view salvini
wants fresh elections so too does Luigi
DeMaio leader of the five star movement
which got the most votes in March there
was over 50% support for two political
parties parties that want to change
things and want to represent Italians
and their interests but in the end a way
to block this always seems to be found
the president's expected to decide his
next step on Monday it could well see
another non-politician given the job of
heading an interim government for
italians
political instability is a fact of life
one many hoped was about to change
Nadeem barber al jazeera
