they called it Rama foria the reaction
of many South Africans when Cyril
Ramaphosa became president in February
things had gone from bad to worse for
his predecessor Jacob Zuma his eight
years were blighted by a series of
corruption scandals last year people
protested calling for him to step down
he eventually resigned under pressure
from his own party Rama poza
has been promising to clean up ever
since this is the year in which we will
turn the tide on corruption in our
public institutions he began with a
cabinet reshuffle some of the
controversial ministers of the Zuma
years were out but others stayed
including this man
Felicity Gabbard now Minister of Home
Affairs leaked documents linked him to
major corruption scandals he denied
involvement but it seems Rama poza has
helped investor confidence South
Africa's currency the rand and its
credit ratings have stabilized since he
took over but the political opposition
says it's not enough I haven't seen
anybody going to jail for the corruption
trial or corruption in South Africa all
we hearing him is paying lip service to
corruption and say he's going to do this
and he's going to do that hundred days I
haven't seen anybody been arrested yet
last month Ramaphosa cut short a trip to
a Commonwealth summit in London and
people protested in the northwest
province they demanded the governor
azuma Ally to step down over poor
delivery of public services a frequently
recurring issue in South Africa another
key issue is land since apartheid most
of it still belongs to the white
minority many black people are landless
under pressure from opposition in
February ram opposes ANC supported
emotion in Parliament to try and amend
the constitution to allow government
expropriation of land without payment
historically the ANC's rhetoric has been
radical with politicians promising
redistributions of wealth but in
practice its economic policies a
centrist in that respect in spite of the
talk of land redistribution things
haven't really
changed much on the Ramaphosa he's been
on the boards of several corporations
that is widely seen as a friend to big
business with presidential elections due
next year
Ram opposes performance in the months
ahead will determine if the ANC can
still win the majority it's always
enjoyed Malcolm Webb al Jazeera
Johannesburg South Africa
