it's a hot day during Ramadan but these
are a few soldiers must complete their
tasks officers are being trained to
become trainers for their own troops
Iraqi forces need to maintain control
after the defeat of ISIL and hangeth
Howard did have a come tomorrow we have
eliminated ISIL militarily we have
retaken all the Iraqi territories now we
are conducting hunting down and pursuing
missions and intensifying intelligence
work our fight now is a fight of
intelligence prowess while a Dana I'm a
list of Maliki orders small units are
learning how to navigate anyways in
enemy controlled territory a Civil Guard
unit is conducting this course at the
Spanish drone base as part of the us-led
coalition the commander says exercises
are important for Iraqi forces to
maintain security - to train the Iraqi
forces to be able to provide a safe and
secure environment in this post-conflict
situation after years of sharpening
their shooting skills it's time for more
verbal communication it's important for
Iraqi soldiers to know how to serve
warrants and make arrests they need a
different method from fighting ISIL
training for war equally important as
training for peace these troops are not
just training for urban warfare but also
how to maintain urban peace in an
environment which is close combat u.s.
troops are also helping maintain the
readiness of Iraqi forces after the 2003
invasion US forces were seen by many as
occupiers since then there has been a
growing military partnership us-led
coalition forces have provided weapons
and training to build the Iraqi army
despite their close coordination the
presence of US troops in Iraq remains
politically sensitive and we're gonna
maintain and ensure that the Iraqi
security forces have what they need the
u.s. commander says their mission is
important even after isil's defeat I
think there's still a need of course
that that need will be the decision of
this government of Iraq and and the next
government that comes because we're here
on their invitation but we see now that
we move to more of an operational and
strategic level assistance that we can
provide
after the initial collapse against ISIL
Iraq's military regrouped to hunt down
fighters and recapture territory Iraqi
soldiers are confident they have learned
from past mistakes and are ready to
confront challenges head-on
Osama bin Javed al Jazeera miss Maya
Iraq
