he's the most politically inexperienced
of all the candidates but conservative
even Dukey has an enviable advantage
he's the protege of Columbia's still
immensely popular former President
Alvaro Uribe like his right-wing mentor
Dukey is a staunch critic of the 2016
peace accord reached with Colombia's
FARC rebels which many complained was
too soft
he told Al Jazeera he would start by
making a fundamental change we want the
leaders responsible for crimes against
humanity to be obliged to tell the truth
about what they did to compensate the
victims and to go to prison but that
wasn't the original deal and many feared
changing it could reignite a war that
lasted for more than 50 years on the
opposite extreme of the ideological
divide is former bogota mayor Gustavo
Petro Colombia's first truly competitive
left-wing presidential candidate he says
maintaining peace and promoting social
justice are his priorities petrol is
feared by the business sector and others
who predict he'd turn Colombia into
another Venezuela polemic on Gustavo
Pedro the problem with Gustavo Petro is
that governability would be very
complicated he would clash with the
establishment but Duque represents
Colombia's past with war and the non
implementation of the Peace Accords but
there are other options including
millions moderate former mayor sexual
Fajardo and center-right wind former
vice president headman Varga Sierras
polls indicate neither is likely to make
it to an expected run off but then
lately
polls have been wrong this is Colombia's
first presidential election since the
FARC laid down its weapons but the Army
is nevertheless being deployed
nationwide to guarantee security here in
Bogota they're not expecting any trouble
but that's not the case in other parts
of the country where there are still
rebel groups at large
Colombians have several choices the
question is whether or not they will
choose a new president who will stay on
the current course of peace you see a
Newman artists Edith bullet back
