Kashmir's biggest mosque has become a
political battlefield outside its gates
in Srinagar Muslim separatists demands
and into Indian rule over their land
Kashmir has been disputed since 1947 and
on Friday its holiest mosque became the
stage for who should rule this land the
Grand Mosque isn't just the center of
faith for the people of downtown but it
has a reverence in the hearts of every
individual of Jammu and Kashmir and any
kind of violation of sanctity done to
jamia mosque will not be tolerated in
the Muslim holy month of Ramadan after
Friday prayers came the most damning of
actions
police say young men waived separatist
flags and threw rocks at them after
prayers they say dozens of police were
injured and denied excessive use of
force
fifty protesters were hurt their banners
and stones no match for the government's
guns worshippers were also wounded they
started with firing shotgun pellets and
stun grenades the mosque was violated
very badly which is very unfortunate on
the part of the government young boys
were injured in the dozens they then
entered the mosques for their safety
afterwards no prayers could be held
because the mosque needed to be cleaned
it needs to be cleaned of blood staining
it's 600 year old floors blood from
people like Danish a student who went to
pray and may never again see his beloved
mosque so now my father he said as soon
as the prayers ended he heard screams
from outside and then police directly
fired at the worshippers now the doctors
say his eyeball has burst and it will
cost about $4,000 for his treatment
we're a poor family how can we arrange
such a huge son one mother left praying
for an answer
but from beside a hospital bed the
mosque gates are locked
thousands of Kashmiri Muslims unable to
pray in their most revered sight during
their holiest month until the blood is
removed and shell casings collected
there hopefully can remain a haven from
the tensions that surround its walls
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
