think of this as a day at the office for
Wayne peugh Kinnick
it's dusty work so he sits outside his
house as he carves coaxing human and
demonic forms from stone sculpting he
says earns him a pretty good living
because I'm a 4/10 Kerber and I try to
find a job I talk to my knee drop so I
do my own work don't tell me what to
make first gesture drop the leek I grew
up all the way up from the leeks to the
park cutting down our the arm and God
there I'm good - they hit quite unique
in terms of the face heads turn backward
of course at the municipal office local
artwork is on display for visitors the
village government is trying to help Joe
Haven artists sell to collectors and
galleries outside with vast distances
and a harsh climate limiting economic
opportunities in the north
art and culture have a whole new
significance some of these pieces could
sell at auctions in Toronto or London
for tens of thousands of dollars well
there's many families over the years
that have passed on the stories and
passed on the elements of how to carve
and how the soul and do all kinds of
arts and crafts and we're trying to
escalate and bring up the value of what
they're doing from a flat featureless
landscape that looks devoid of life the
Inuit people have lived and developed a
rich culture one that can take a plane
rock and turn it into a piece of art
like this and these days they're
managing to even earn a living from it
this is a spirit international trade
lawyer Barry Appleton has one of
Canada's largest private collections of
indigenous art in years of travel across
the Arctic he's got to know the artists
and find out why they carve paint create
art it's a living yes but it's also how
they stay intimately connected with the
land that provides their food their
inspiration having the ability to do art
to use your traditional materials to
know how the land works that's what I
call that to live on the land and to
express that and your tradition becomes
perhaps the most important economic
underpinning of a traditional life
Intuit communities like this work hard
to keep their way of life alive and
relevant to each new generation one of
the best ways to do that is to help
artists prosper as they share their
culture with the rest of the world
Daniel like Al Jazeera Jo haven in
Canada's North
