Fatima luma Bo says there were times
when she just wanted to end her life
four of her children have been missing
for a year yet Akuma move on an agnostic
I dream of them every night a dream that
their bodies are rotting I wake up I
scream I cry I fear that my daughters
were raped but I know that we just
borrowed our children from Allah Fatima
is among the thousands who fled when the
war broke out in Malawi many became
separated from their families and they
now live in evacuation camps an armed
group inspired by ISIL called the mao-a
to control of marawis Satine last year
the fighting that followed lasted five
months at least a thousand people were
killed and hundreds of thousands more
displaced many families say they fear
they could be arrested as it may be
thought their missing relatives were
part of the mounted group in this mass
grave
hundreds of unidentified bodies are
buried around 70 people are reported
missing based on government records but
rights groups say that number is too low
it is estimated that hundreds of
civilians remain missing to this day but
they are unreported because many
families are afraid to come forward the
process of retrieving and identifying
the dead is taking many months many of
these bodies are already in an advanced
state of decomposition for those like
Fatima looking for loved ones hope is
all they can hold on to now Mahina
Megara is angry she has lost her home
and her livelihood and her children are
unable to go to school she says she
never imagined joining protests before
but now she feels it's the only way they
have to be heard president please we
appeal to you let us go back to Mara we
let us go home even if you don't give us
aid for as long as we can go home we
will be okay
the government tries to reassure them
they will be able to return home this
year but it is not easy the destruction
in the city of meroe is the most
devastating in the Philippines since
World War two
but there are losses that are even
harder to quantify there are prayers to
honor the dead
some families remain separated despite
the end of the war it's a place of both
hope and despair
jemelle Alan dog and al-jazeera Marawi
city southern Philippines
