the strike began last Monday with truck
drivers Union is calling for lower fuel
prices Brazil is heavily reliant on its
cargo being transported by Road and
after striking drivers erected
roadblocks the country was very soon
suffering fuel and food shortages
especially in the major cities yes
you're me US forces fitted ice I called
the federal security forces to clear the
roads and I'm asking the governor's to
do the same we will not allow people to
go without basic products we will not
allow consumers to go without products
we will not allow hospitals to go
without supplies to save lines long
lines formed outside gas stations where
some kinds of fuel ran out while
supermarkets reported shortages
especially of perishable goods
production that many auto factories was
paralyzed and over 1 million tons of
grain could not be shipped out of the
ports public transport services were cut
in some cities this is worrying everyone
there's no fruit or vegetables at the
markets there's almost nothing it's an
absolute shame the markets don't have
anything after a full day of
negotiations the government and most of
the unions reached agreement to suspend
the strike for 15 days the government
has offered to lower the price of diesel
by 10 percent but that will leave it
with a bill this year with the economy
fragile of more than one and a quarter
billion dollars truck drivers say their
income has been hit by higher fuel
prices caused by rising world oil prices
and the weakening of Brazil's currency
the reality the drivers who went to
Brasilia never even asked about our
demands but they went there and reach a
kind of an agreement but according to
the information we have the
representatives left the meeting when
they saw the proposal the government's
offer has still to be approved by
Congress which will debate the issue
next week many suppliers say it will
take several days to return to normal by
which time the tentative truce will be
running out and Brazil unless a
long-term settlement can be reached will
have to face a similar crisis all over
again
Daniel Shriner al-jazeera when Osiris
