several women arrested hello I'm Richard
gisbert and you're at the listening post
here are some of the media stories were
covering this week
Saudi Arabia jails women's rights
activists in the media ask is the Crown
Prince driving real change or hitting
the brakes one journalist arrested
another one sentenced Egypt keeps
tightening the screws on the news media
Mexico and government advertising those
ads keep some media outlets afloat but
that comes at a price and read my lips
badly Britain's royal wedding reworded
put it on the stove tracking
developments in the Middle East one
keeps coming across the increasingly
assertive hand of Saudi Arabia and Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman there's the
war in the Yemen the blockade of Qatar
the jostling with Iran and last year's
palace coup that left the prince they
call MBS in control of every important
arm of the state his promises of reform
the anti-graft campaign the opening of
cinemas and the decision to finally lift
a ban on women drivers had many in the
international media putting a brand new
face on a kingdom that still lacks any
meaningful form of democracy which is
why just weeks before the lifting of the
driving ban the jailing of women's
rights activists and their labeling as
traitors with links to foreign powers
feels like the same old Saudi Arabia and
it will probably have eyes rolling at
the PR firms most of them in Washington
to whom the Saudi government pays
millions of dollars to burnish its image
through the news media to global
policymakers and the public our starting
point this week is Riyadh
the arrest of the woman driving
activists took everybody by surprise
every single newspaper is covering it
and so dearly we did not need that this
in fact reveal the true faith of the
Saudi patriarchal totalitarian regime
where rights are granted by royal
decrees not when it's demanded by
activists and it doesn't match the
rhetoric that Saudi Arabia is is
reforming country because it's arresting
human rights activists left and right
even the PR machine of the kingdom is
having difficult time defending such a
decision the question for the Saudi
authorities is why do this now of all
times why just as the global media were
busily churning out good news stories of
Saudi women preparing to take the wheel
in the last country on the planet which
had banned them from drive
with the government choose this
particular moment to arrest seven
activists five women and two men
accusing them of colluding with
unspecified foreign powers to
destabilize the kingdom the truth is
those activists have been under the gun
ever since last September when the crown
prince's father King Salman announced
the ban was coming to an end I was not
surprised about the news of the arrest
knowing that last year when the Kingdom
announced lifting the pan the same day
ironically they called women's rights
activists and they asked them to remain
silent
resulting of many women's rights
activists being condemned into silence
deactivating their Twitter account or
stopping tweeting the activists have
been depicted by media as traitors
Vanessa Bhatia Slauson Camus betta
wasallam Asahi Margie Hatton Hadiya they
were accused of forming a cell to try
and destabilize the country
unfortunately this is not the first
instance where human rights activists
and any for political dissent is linked
to a national security threat we have
seen cases where people arrested simply
for tweeting criticisms of Saudi Arabia
policy and of course this plays a huge
role in stifling any form of human
rights activism dissent and any form of
freedom of expression Association
assembly in the country those woman
should have been celebrated next months
when women are allowed to drive in Saudi
Arabia they should have been given a
credit for their work they are the one
who keep the issue alive someone in
Riyadh need to check and see how this
decision was made and fixing the
narrative now emerging around the Saudi
story seems to be at odds with the one
that Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
managed to create after becoming the
presumptive heir to the throne last year
what the government in Riyadh called an
anti-corruption crackdown got good
reviews in the Western media despite
legitimate questions that were being
asked such as was MBS using the
anti-graft effort as a smokescreen
justification for locking up his rivals
with
the royal family between some
ingratiating editorials in papers like
the New York Times and a softball
interview conducted by CBS's 60 minutes
programs MBS attracted the kind of
positive news coverage that his rhetoric
may have merited if not for his actual
record known by his initials mb/s his
reforms inside Saudi Arabia have been
revolutionary the nature of that
interview was almost fawning they were
you know talking about his great work
ethic working hard they never really
pushed too hard on issues like human
rights abuses the war in Yemen is this
really an open and free society well
they mentioned this crackdown on
corruption they didn't but trust hell
Mohammed did Salman got his money
however fear my personal life is
something I'd like to keep to myself
Mohammed bin Salman is bought now the
world's most expensive painting house
expensive home yet he calls everybody
else corrupt and interviews like the
60-minute one failed to really hit on
that another instance is Thomas
Friedman's column where they said Saudi
Arabia's Arab Spring
at last you know when the Arab Spring is
ground up kind of movement meanwhile
this top-down reform while stifling
these kinds of collectives and stifling
the formation of NGOs and human rights
groups there is little to no mention or
connection between that and the right to
freedom of expression Association and
assembly this is really where the
covered on Saudi Arabia completely fell
short
although it's impossible to really gauge
credit if one can call it that for Saudi
Arabia's sometimes successful spinning
of its own story particularly in the
u.s. may well lie with the multiple
public relations firms it has at its
disposal there under American law PR and
lobby groups are required to disclose
their foreign clients at least three
Washington based PR firms work on the
Saudis behalf BG our Squire patton boggs
and Hogan Lovells and that's just the PR
side the Saudis have also set up their
own lobby group also based in DC there
has been an investment on branding Hamad
bin Salman image in the US and this has
been taking place through different
tools and methods one the regime set up
a lobby called fabric this Lobby the
Saudi American relationship committee
worked intensively to promote Mohammed
bin Salman image in the u.s. also his
brother Prince Khalid was appointed as
the ambassador of Saudi Arabia in
Washington we want to empower our youth
including women and he is a regular
guest in American news TV's when the
Gulf crisis began last year that's when
we really saw a lot more money being
spent both on lobbyists and on PR firms
the goal of all this has been to create
this image of a modernizing liberalizing
Kingdom it's art discern what the
intention of that PR trip is what the
American public thinks doesn't really
have any grounding on what our
government's relationship with Saudi
Arabia does at the end of the day though
the sounds have money that they're
willing to spend on PR efforts it
doesn't really seem to bother them every
country wants to have a good image but
to depend only on PR companies and
promises this is short-lived
a list of those movement activists is a
proof of that the moment the news came
out all that image is gone and now
everybody is talking about again a rest
lack of political freedom in Saudi
Arabia so basically what will fix the
image of Saudi Arabia
his action on the ground back to the
question asked at the outset why now
there's really no clear answer to the PR
led charm offensive and the NBS
interviews were targeted at the
international media and foreign
politicians the arrests of the activists
and the discourse chilling message that
that sent were designed primarily for
domestic consumption if that created a
few unflattering headlines in the global
media then so be it
the image that the crown prince project
is at home power above all else is the
priority that's always been the way in
the House of Saud and for all the talk
of reform and a generational changing of
the guard in Riyadh it hasn't changed
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar this week with one
of our producers Johanna who's Joe a
series of developments coming out of
Egypt over the past few days
intensifying the pressure on journalists
and bloggers there give us a rundown
there are two main developments Richard
first there's a story that we have been
following for more than two years
an Egyptian military court has finally
sentenced journalists and academic yzma
Alexander Ani to 10 years in prison now
Alex indrani was charged with obtaining
and publishing military secrets joining
a band organization the Muslim
Brotherhood and publishing false news
abroad
Alexandra nice work was often critical
of the CC government's policies
especially with regards to the war
militants in Sinai and that's a clear
red line for the government now he was
arrested in 2015 and he's been in jail
ever since he will be waiting for the
verdict to be ratified before it can be
appealed the second case involves
activists and bloggers wa-l Abbas he's
been missing since an overnight raid by
police of his house in Cairo his last
post on Facebook is cryptic and says
simply I am being arrested his friends
and colleagues have been posting this
news online hoping to drop a drama up
attention and save a bus from becoming
just another of Egypt's disappeared and
there are hundreds of such people moving
on now the coverage of the most recent
school shooting in the u.s. Santa Fe
Texas has people there talking once
again about the way these stories should
be covered and the way they shouldn't be
covered what are they focusing on in
particular the issue Richard is with the
wool double loopy coverage of the
perpetrators showing their photographs
going over details of their lives
theorizing about their motives that's
what happens in the coverage of Santa Fe
as well and there are more and more
people arguing that if in this age of
celebrity these murders just want to
make names for themselves well then the
media provide them with that through
their coverage I spoke to Jaclyn shield
crowd of the state university of new
york an activist with a known notoriety
campaign an author of a book called mass
shootings media myths and realities we
know that these individuals are seeking
fame and notoriety not only through
their actions of carrying it out on a
very public stage but in a lot of
instances these individuals leave behind
manifestos whether it is a written
document or it's a multimedia package
like we saw with the Virginia Tech
shooter who then actually sent this
manifesto to NBC News so that right
there is saying hey I want you to tell
my story but I've already constructed my
story in how it's going to be told these
people as when they're going out to
commit these acts are understanding that
the media are a tool to get their
identity and their message out there but
what about the public interest angle
here considering that what we're talking
about often is live coverage of a
breaking news story that is still
unfolding
absolutely and Jaqueline shield crowd is
very clear and that she isn't advocating
for no coverage at all in an ideal world
the coverage of mass shootings would be
very limited in terms of the
perpetrators now that's not to suggest
that it shouldn't be said if the scene
is active as it was in parkland
absolutely get that individuals name and
face out there the no notoriety campaign
doesn't say it for an all extensive
black out of the names and the image of
the shooters they're saying to refocus
not publishing their manifestos not
publishing their their name extensively
or their image extensively and really
just trying to refocus on the details of
the case the what happened how did it
happen where did it happen and why did
it happen and not giving the credibility
to who made it happen but Richard here's
the reality we're not going to know if
the coverage of these kind of shootings
is going to change unless or until it
happens again okay thanks Joe since
coming to power in 2012 Mexican
president and that EK Pena Nieto's
administration has spent hundreds of
millions of dollars on government
advertising he's thrown more pesos the
media's way than any president in the
country's history and that's helped keep
some media outlets afloat
however the ad revenues can also cost
news media their editorial independence
when a media outlet relies so heavily on
the government to keep it in business
investigative reporting critical
journalism and exposes can all be
diluted deferred or censored and that's
if journalists haven't already self
censored on the 1st of July Pena Nieto
will come to the end of his presidency
and despite all of the money spent on
promotion his party the pre looks like
it's heading for a defeat in the general
elections the listening-posts Marcela
Pizarro now on the politics of
government advertising the news outlets
that have grown addicted to it and the
effect that that has had on the Fourth
Estate in Mexico
you switch on the TV news in Mexico
you'll have to sit through plenty of
government ads starring president
Enrique Pena Nieto Watson's political
leader
apparently welcoming criticism or that's
what it sounds like good news for
Mexican journalists were not for the
fact that the news organizations they
work for depend on the revenue from
these kinds of political ads to stay in
business it's a fairly straightforward
paradox if your main client is the
government you cannot criticize the
government because if the government
pulls the plug your business cannot
survive what's Julio's they reveal the
amount of money handled is dangerous but
the way it is distributed is even more
so because there are no controls to
determine which media outlets are
receiving it and how much is being
allocated to disseminate certain
messages to semo's caminetto tres median
is the mobile simply owes formal is a
new solo sex ami official inseam
easement state advertising isn't
necessarily a bad thing in and of itself
what is bad is when it becomes an
exchange currency which can be used to
either punish or reward and which can be
used to control media content as a
rosemaler communication in the past few
years Pena Nieto's government has fallen
short on promises to be spending on
education health social services but it
still found two billion dollars worth of
public funds to spend on government ads
that's seventy percent more than
stipulated by law broadcasting Giants
Televisa Anastasia both get around 10
percent of their ad revenue from the
federal government the country's
newspapers of Records like millennial l
universal Excelsior rely on the
government for millions of dollars to
keep them going in 2014 journalist
Carmen ret he broke a story on her radio
show are you taking Odysseus
pasar el presidente de pena nieto
revealing how the president's wife and
he legally Raider had bought a luxury
home from a company that had been
awarded millions in government contracts
a firestorm ensued and the MVS radio
network are today's employers fired her
and her team of reporters citing
internal issues unrelated to the reports
no one bought that story can't be your
mentee previously the owner of the radio
network said that that report which
directly affected president Enrique Pena
Nieto would put them in a complicated
situation that it would be difficult for
them to defend themselves because a
communication company as big as that
depends largely on being on good terms
with the government it became obvious
that they prefer to stand by the
interests of the government instead of
defending the journalists who work there
else but it does get a Halloween
comparable case the were not provoked up
really what this often leads to it's
journalists actually opting out of doing
an investigation because they know it's
just not going to get published
newspapers would rather bury these
stories because they know it could be
costly for them not to so there is
clearly a correlation between how
critical you are the more serious
journalism you do the fewer the state
resources you will be able to access
this is the government's approach you
either take the current will you get the
stick so no audio oh yes but I think
it's almost seen as the norm that at
some point you'll be required to cut
down your article tweak the headline
make it more low-key all journalists
will experience this practice at some
point and then there's the problem of
self-censorship
which is hard to pinpoint we can only
see its shadows it's hard to say what
the real magnitude of the problem really
is in a thorough Muslim magnitude real
problem
the symbiotic relationship between the
Mexican state of the press goes way back
in the 1970s President Lopez Portillo
said of the media I don't pay for them
to beat me and withdrew government
advertising in processor the only major
independent weekly Lopez Portillo was
the leader of the Institutional
Revolutionary Party the BRE who ruled
uninterrupted for seventy years during
which they were rarely held to account
when they were voted out in 2000
successive governments promised a freer
press but the complicity between the
media and the states persisted when
pinion aired on debris will voted back
into power in 2012 he pledged to wring
out spending down instead he spent more
than any other Mexican leader in Mexican
history media watchdogs have taken the
government to court
on this matter and last year the Supreme
Court sided with them demanding laws to
curb ad spending and for it to be
distributed in an unbiased way but those
pushing for change said the laws drafted
a toothless do we must win our episode
we got a big surprise last year when the
Supreme Court recognized that the
opacity and the lack of regulation in
the governmental advertising has a
direct impact on the freedom of speech
in Mexico unfortunately what we saw is
that the lawmakers pretended to meet the
requirement they passed the law but they
didn't take this historic opportunity to
change this perverse relationship and to
create a free media in the country
videos clear as new base in meheeco in
Mexico the media industry as a whole was
really born out of the system of
clientelism in which bartering is
predominant among the media and
politicians residental a television yes
press R T para los mexicanos motivo day
or glutton empresa mexicana hora del
Mobile the contain Evo's
this inertia is something that's been at
work for decades the incentives for the
media to carry on with this mode of
self-preservation are just too strong
too powerful that's why it's so
difficult to put a stop to it
Sammis most movie feces a leash
these are tough times for the mexican
media declining circulation budget cuts
staff layoffs for all the criticism
government ads do give media outlets a
lifeline but it's also a system that
lends itself to corruption some outlets
are taking advantage pocketing
government money without generating any
real news contents Korea it creates a
strange sort of markets Mexico is a
country where there are a lot of
newspapers and they just keep producing
more given that this is not a country
where people read a lot and we also know
that there's this crisis in the written
press this practice just allows for a
false markets new evolution and muchos
menus de los que necesitan there are far
more media outlets in Mexico than is
actually necessary and that's thanks to
state advertising publications that sell
1,000 2,000 5,000 copies in a city of 20
million inhabitants we have all these
media outlets that don't need to have a
readership because what they are after
is advertising revenue one outlet that
says it remains untouched by that source
of revenue is marinas own an email
Politico last year it put the government
on the spot when it revealed that the
Department of Education had spent more
of its national budget on public
relations than on the training of
teachers animal political and other
alternative sites like our ETB noticias
and Reforma are feeding the public's
hunger for muckraking journalism as a
presidential election approaches if the
polls are to be believed disenchanted
Mexicans will be voting the ruling party
out of office but whether the next
president changes a habit of a lifetime
and cures media outlets of their
addiction to got home as advertising
remains as they say in the news business
to be seen
and finally we've been fans of the
YouTube channel bad lip-reading blr ever
since it became the breakout hit of the
2012 US election campaign the format is
simple take a video clip could be a song
a TV show a political speech and then
overdub it with some completely
inappropriate words that just happen to
match the speaker's lip movements the
channel has more than 6 million
subscribers and is now approaching a
total of a billion views but no one
seems to know who's behind BL are
reportedly it's some anonymous producer
somewhere in Texas whoever he or she is
they would have been licking their lips
at the prospect of last week's Royal
Wedding in Britain and the raw material
that that provided we'll see you next
time here at The Listening Coast
favorite Harry Potter
Hagrid not correct
oh I don't like the air in here can you
smell it
it's definitely strange I just got a big
whiff it's pretty bad
you know I have a surprise for you okay
it's a golden unicycle I don't want that
that present is a fail you've got to
learn to glide and glint you should fire
a bikini
he shot my bikini they can't fire
bikinis and this is how I dance
