what now for North Korea Donald Trump
canceled his much awaited talks with Kim
jong-un
but neither are ruling out a change of
mind sometime in the future so what
happens to the North's nuclear weapons
now
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth puranam shocking perplexing
and unexpected just some of the
reactions to Donald Trump canceling his
highly anticipated summit with Kim
jong-un and Singapore next month the
North said Trump's decision was
extremely regrettable a sentiment echoed
worldwide as a missed opportunity for
peace the u.s. president called it a sad
moment of history and the White House
blamed North Korea's trail of broken
promises in a letter to Kim Trump said
sadly
based on the tremendous anger and open
hostility displayed in your most recent
statement I feel it's inappropriate at
this time to have this long planned
meeting you talk about your nuclear
capabilities but ours are so massive and
powerful that I pray to God they'll
never have to be used well despite Trump
surprise announcement North Korea is not
giving up hope that talks will
eventually happen the North's Vice
foreign minister said they regretted
Trump's decision but that they're
willing to meet anytime to resolve any
issues he also praised Trump for his
bold decision to engage with the north
recently now the Korean War in the 1950s
left a long legacy of distrust between
implacable enemies and the United States
Japan and other regional neighbors felt
increasingly threatened by nuclear bomb
tests and the launching of more than a
dozen long-range ballistic missiles last
year Trump called Kim the rocket man on
a suicide mission
Kim accused Trump of being mentally
deranged and head out at military
exercises which he said threatened
invasion but diplomatic progress had
been made since last month Mike Pompeo
became only the second US Secretary of
State to meet a North Korean leader
Trump welcomed home three Americans
freed from jail is a goodwill gesture by
North Korea also last month so the use
of the North and South took historic
steps during their unprecedented meeting
in the Demilitarized Zone both committed
to finally signing a peace treaty to
formally end the Korean War and for his
first foreign trip Kim went to China to
see his ally President Xi Jinping well
let's now get the thoughts of our guests
joining us from Washington DC
is Montara over former US diplomat and
Korea desk officer in Norwich rah Mason
lecturer at University of East Anglia
Riya is also author of Japan's relations
with North Korea and recalibration of
risk and on skype from Seoul as
co-anchor publisher of Korea expose he
writes about Korean politics and current
affairs a very warm welcome to all of
you mister uber president Trump has said
that this is a loss for North Korea and
for the world but are you surprised well
I'm not surprised that president Trump
has been as reactive about canceling the
summit as he was about initiating or
responding to its invitation in the in
the first place
I am a bit surprised that that he wasn't
invested enough to to continue with it
beyond this point mr. Koo why do you
think the US president really canceled
the summit well there were indications
that North Korea and United States had
fundamental differences when it came to
how they envisioned that he
nuclearization process there's been a
lot of talk about how United States
might want to duplicate the so-called
Libya model in dismantling the nuclear
program in North Korea which meant a
North Korea will have to make
significant concessions before there can
be any kind of rewards and then we have
seen that of Korea certainly had no
interest in going along with this when
you were so I think if you were to ask a
lot of commentators here in South Korea
they will tell you that the u.s.
government might simply have come to the
realization that they just don't have
enough time before this Singapore summit
to clarify all the details work out all
the differences so it might just be
better to cancel it at this point in
time and try to have another one
scheduled in the near future mr. Mason
Donald Trump has blamed North Korea's
hostile rhetoric for canceling the
summit and American officials have also
pointed out that North Korean officials
missed meetings to prepare for the
summit that they weren't answering their
phones was North Korea committed to the
summit yes I think North Korea was
committed to the summit
but I think there's in one sense a
cultural difference here and also a
tactical difference North Korea
certainly would like and has for a long
time wanted to draw the United States
into a direct dialogue the means by
which they do that if you like the way
in which the goal posts are set and in
where the way in which the protocol is
is followed it's quite different on both
sides and so there's a game of kind of
one up and shit but also of
demonstrating who is able to call the
shots here and I think some of the way
in which this has broken down is due to
a misunderstanding by which that should
priciple the way in which that should
proceed mr. / do you think that how much
of this misunderstanding might come from
different voices in the US
administration and is does the US
administration have a unified diplomatic
strategy for dealing with North Korea do
you think one doubtful that the United
States has any real coherent strategy
when it comes to North Korea at all and
I think that in National Security
Advisor John Bolton President Trump has
someone who's very much an ideological
hardliner who is skeptical about
diplomacy and this summit from the start
and in Secretary of State Mike Pompeo he
also has someone who's conservative but
his outlook is somewhat different he his
perspective is just generating successes
for the president mr. Masson how does
the US administration if there is
there's any chance that a summit can
actually take place again as both the
u.s. and North Koreans have said they
hope will happen how does the US
administration go about reconciling
these you know real differences coming
from within this is this is an important
question I think the next move in terms
of moving back towards dialogue would
certainly be for Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo perhaps to make another visit to
North Korea there might need to be
mediation from China as well China will
be a key player in this and so the US
will need to find a way to present
itself which which avoids losing
political capital at home in other words
sustains this idea of legit
mercy of genuinely moving towards
dialogue of engaging in North Korea but
at the same time has to show some kind
of reconciliation or some kind of move
back towards the North Koreans otherwise
the North Koreans will not be able to
project this image of legitimacy to
their own people and also be able to
kind of move the relationship with China
and the United States forward well we
have actually heard from the Chinese
foreign ministry reaction to the
cancellation of the summit let's just
listen in as a party that's concerned
about the nuclear issue on the Korean
Peninsula we think that a meeting
between the u.s. and North Korean
leaders would have a pivotal role in
promoting the denuclearization process
in the present situation we really hope
that the United States and North Korea
can cherish the recent positive progress
exercise patience show goodwill and meet
each other halfway and can continue to
be dedicated to solving each other's
concerns three talks and to work
together to promote the denuclearization
process mr. Koo China's saying that they
are hopeful that a summit can still take
place that the progress that's been made
in the last few weeks and months can be
built upon what role do you see China
playing now well at this point in time
China really remains very strong backer
of North Korea this is the country that
Kim jong-un chose to visit as the
destination of his first ever state
visit since taking power in China has
shown tremendous support for the North
Korean regime throughout this process
despite the fact that it has had some
very difficult relationship with Kim
jong-un because Kim jong-un was
proceeding with the nuclear program
South Korean government certainly has
indicated that it sees China very much
as a partner in bringing about dialogue
and to some extent China has been a much
more friendly country to South Korea's
approach to dealing with the
nuclearization than the United States
mr. Mason do you think that China how
willing do you think China is to play a
role in this process now given that
President Trump seemed to point the
finger
chyna a few days ago when the north
started being a little bit hesitant to
go ahead with the summit we certainly
though there's I'm sure there's a degree
of irritation from the Chinese side
towards the the attitude if you like or
at least the public attitude of the
United States administration but overall
I think the Chinese will welcome the
opportunity to continue to play a
mediating role because all of this is
playing into a much broader strategic
long-term game if you like of the
Chinese dominate beginning to dominate
if the the soft power arena and what I
mean by that is to say that China has
already been able to take the lead on
things like climate change on military
de-escalation in certain other areas and
so a role that was previously played by
the United States of the kind of
international statesman or the
international police force has begun to
shift slightly towards Beijing and this
presents a positive image for of China
to the world and presents the image of
China as a responsible player both
regionally and globally and that's
something that Beijing seeks to improve
and to continue so I think they will
they will welcome this as an as an
opportunity rather than as a threat or a
challenge and mr. over what about
Japan's role in all of this whereas
China and South Korea have expressed
disappointment Japan has always been
much wary about this process with North
Korea well Japan has had a very tough
time staying relevant in North Korea for
years really because it it's not South
Korea it's not one of the two Koreas and
it doesn't have the leverage or the
clout that China or the United States
does so Japan's interest is really in
staying relevant in North Korea policy
game and in a way it benefits when
tensions are hired between the United
States and North Korea because it has
been an advocate of the pressure
campaign and it is a friend to the
hardliners in the administration mr. Koo
how was Seoul looking on at what's
happened
president moon jaein said that he was
perplexed but what does the counselee
of the summit if anything mean for
north-south relations well that's a good
question there has been a statement
coming out of the presidential blue
house
today that despite this enormous setback
South Koreans continue to try and get
these important parties to the peace
process talking at the same time the
government government will continue to
remain committed to improving relations
with North Korea which according to to
envision was supposed to include
significant economic aspects as well the
question though at this juncture is
whether any of this is really going to
be especially feasible when everybody is
aware that the ultimate goal North Korea
wants is to be taken seriously as a
state actor and to rejoin the
international community to gain that
legitimacy that it's been craving for a
very long time and above all to undo the
kind of international sanctions have
really been keeping it isolated for a
very long time these are things that
South Korea cannot address alone and
there's really a limit to what South
Korea can do for North Korea without
having the bigger picture sorted out and
mr. Mason you know could the bigger
picture be sorted out without the kind
of low-level
diplomacy that many have said has been
missing in this process and if so could
the cancellation of the summit actually
be a good thing where then you have the
lower-level diplomacy and diplomats
preparing for a summit yeah I mean
that's certainly a possibility I think
this perhaps more going on than has been
publicly available but certainly it is
unprecedented in terms of the the the
open displays of kind of erratic
behavior particularly from the United
States administration but I think that
there's also in terms of the bigger
picture another aspect which has to be
considered which is that the United
States will as quickly as possible
want to solidify or stabilize whatever
process is now going to take place
because they already have their hands
full particularly in the Middle East for
example and as you know any any kind of
international relation
theory will espouse you know you do not
want to open up two fronts
simultaneously so making things complex
in the far east on the Korean Peninsula
would be highly undesirable for the
United States in terms of the bigger
picture and they all want to solidify
this so that they can refocus attention
back to the middle east and mr. over do
you think that the North Koreans want
the same thing what would happen next
from the North Korean point of view well
you know the North Koreans issued a
surprisingly conciliatory statement
after President Trump wrote his letter
to Kim jong-un and it was very clever
because it put the ball in the back in
the US Court so I think a lot depends
now actually on how Washington frames
its criteria for getting back to a
diplomatic process and getting back to
the summit mr. Koo if the ball is back
in Washington's court what do you think
they could and should do next could we
see Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
returning to Pyongyang that's not
something that I can really comment on
but certainly the South Korean
government seems to feel that it's very
important to get US officials to
continue staying committed to the
process because you have to understand
that mr. moon jaein the president was
very recent means us and the way it's
been portrayed here in South Korea is
that he was essentially dismissed by
President Trump at some point President
or even actually said there's no need
for interpretation because there's
nothing really worth hearing from the
South Korean side anymore and this is a
kind of story that is incredibly
damaging to the image of the presidency
here in South Korea so the government
has been trying to tell the public that
it is engaging with the US government
in fact foreign minister kang gyeongmo
reportedly called
the secretary of state on bail to make
sure that US is still on board with the
peace process not really the only thing
that government here can hope for the
u.s. is genuine about wanting to have
this summit if not on June 12th or
sometime later down the road and mr.
Mayson you know does the summit being
canceled for now does it mean that
denuclearization is no longer an option
no it doesn't mean that denuclearization
is no longer an option
but whadya I think perhaps confirms is
that both the North Korean side and a
United States side disagree or at least
don't come to any kind of comprehensive
understanding on what that
denuclearization means denuclearization
itself is a very vague term and I think
this latest cancellation apart from all
of the other kind of hype and the
comings and goings and the tactics
involved highlights the fact that there
is a fundamental understanding about the
meaning of Dooney denuclearization on
the Korean Peninsula and mr. Ober again
how do they bridge that those
fundamental differences in their
understanding well I think Washington
really needs to be more flexible on this
question they need to recognize that
complete denuclearization is something
that's anathema to North Korea's basic
interests and regime survival and below
that threshold it's possible for the
United States and North Korea to find
common ground but at this point it looks
very difficult to bridge the gap on
denuclearization and the two countries
are either going to have to lower
expectations or find common ground on
denuclearization if a summit is to
proceed again mr. Koo North Korea said
that it dismantled its only nuclear site
on Thursday what did you make of how
that went the fact that foreign
journalists were there but international
inspectors were not allowed to show good
faith or was it just symbolic rather
than practical do you think well I'm
sure you have heard the same reports I
have that in fact there may be questions
about actually their usability or
utility of this nuclear testing site in
the first place and North Korea may not
actually be losing much by closing it
down it's also important to note that
North Korea has made a symbolic gesture
in the past significantly the
destruction of the cooling tower back in
the 2000s once again at the time
to show the world that it is serious
about denuclearization also I don't know
how much plate is got in the forum media
about certainly South Korean journalists
had significant difficulty in gaining
access to the actual site even few days
before the date of destruction it wasn't
clear whether they would be able to go
so those things all raised questions
about the sincerity of North Korea
certainly but at the same time it is
true that North Korea did promise to
proceed with this destruction of the
testing site between the 23rd and 25th
and that is precisely what it has done
so yes I think you can say it is not the
most convincing sign we can hope for but
it is certainly a very important gesture
that should not be overlooked and as
well as as well as the dismantling of
that nuclear site mr. Mason we of course
also had the freeing of American
American prisoners that were being held
in North Korea do you think that the
United States has returned
these goodwill gestures at all I think
it's hard to see how they've returned
these goodwill gestures but I think
perhaps one of the kind of undercurrents
to this is the United States seeking to
demonstrate its superior position from
from the start of any potential
negotiations and what I mean by that is
simply that it frames these these
ongoing movements as conciliatory in the
sense that it allows the North Koreans
true.the to the negotiating table and
that in itself is being portrayed as a
goodwill gesture whereas the North
Koreans have to make these very tangible
gestures such as the destruction of the
nuclear test sites of the or of the
release of the prisoners that these very
kind of specific tangible steps have to
be taken and in return the goodwill
gesture from the United States side is
simply to actually sit at the table I
think the United States is trying to
consolidate that position and very much
be it explicit or implicit pass that
message to the North Korean negotiating
team mr. Ober what did you make of the
fact that
this White House you know minted dozens
of commemorative coins ahead of the
summit embossed with the words peace
talks and with the head shots of Trump
and Kim before it had even taken place
well I think it speaks to the
exceptional focus on image that
President Trump and his administration
have we saw reports in recent days that
President Trump wasn't really focusing
on the details of denuclearization or
more of these technical or policy
questions he was focused on the optics
and I think the minting of all these
commemorative coins really speaks to
that mr. ku what do you make of these
coins and what happens to them now and
are they in any way indicative of the
seeming dysfunction sometimes in this
White House yes I've also read reports
saying that perhaps the White House said
not much of an influence over the
minting of these commemorative coins it
might even have been simply done by a
routine matter by a different branch of
the government this is something I
cannot really speak on but I think
within South Korea
they're certainly feeling that it's
difficult to say sometimes what
Washington is really looking to achieve
on one hand with mr. Trump saying nice
things about North Korea and it's
conciliatory gestures but at the same
time the appointment of hardliners
including the new US ambassador to South
Korea who was known to have very strong
opinions on North Korea as well as China
so there's a lot of guessing game going
on here and certainly main ting of this
coin is part of that we don't have very
long left in the program and I would
like to ask each of you a very quick
last question which is just how hopeful
are you that the progress that had been
made in the last few months will not go
to waste I'll start with you mr. Mason
well I am hopeful I'm hopeful because I
think ultimately the North Koreans want
it and I think although the American
strategy is less clear I think as you we
heard there in terms of the comments
about image for Donald Trump an
unprecedented summit would be
something that if you like he can put on
his CV on his next election CV and leave
his kind of legacy stamp his or his
legacy quite literally in the case of
the coins but on something which is
unprecedented and striking so I am still
hopeful that ultimately we can see North
Korea and the United States return to
the ending or begin the negotiating
process if you like that negotiating
table mr. / well you know I I feel like
I'm in a state of perpetual cautious
optimism on North Korea I think that the
United States and North Korea can find
common ground and that President Trump
and kim giman both have a stake now in
getting some sort of diplomatic victory
so i hope that they'll be able to
translate this into into progress and
mr. Koo are you as cautiously optimistic
would you say I would say I share the
optimism I'm much more so now than I did
last night I think they're having many
skeptics who have been questioning North
Korea's motive they have said well maybe
this is another tactic by the regime to
try and delay more sanctions so that it
can continue to have time to develop
nuclear arms after the cancellation of
the summit I was wondering whether North
Korea would react angrily as it often
does but the fact that it has shown
quite a bit of restraint and also
diplomatic impulses really goes to show
that it is serious about diplomacy and
it is serious about denuclearization as
long as conditions can be met thank you
very much for that that is a montero
over in Washington DC rah Mason in
Norwich and see wan-koo in Seoul and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our web site aljazeera.com and for
further discussion to go to our Facebook
page that's facebook.com forward slash
AJ inside story you can also join the
conversation on Twitter a handle is at
AJ inside story from me Elizabeth
puranam and the whole team here bye for
now
you
