I am for me okay animal welfare
organizations and activists are in
London this week for the illegal
wildlife trade conference hoping to
develop new strategies to combat a
lucrative industry we speak with a few
to hear how they're working to stop what
they call a war on wildlife and Willy
could be Lyle and you're in the stream
semester comments on Twitter or in our
YouTube live chat but first let's take a
look at this video from the World
Wildlife Fund to get an idea of how
widespread this issue is around the
globe
it's good to have on the stream today
some of the activists working to end
wildlife crime in London Barnaby
Phillips is a former al Jazeera
correspondent who is now the
communications director for the elephant
protection initiative in Chicago
Illinois
Angela Grimes is the interim CEO of Born
Free USA
that's a nonprofit organization working
to protect wildlife in their natural
habitats and in the studio we have johan
Bergen ass he's senior director of
public policy for Vulcan Inc which
focuses on issues related to the
environment and global security hello
everybody it's really good to have you
I'm gonna start with Barnaby the idea of
conserving and conservation of elephants
this has been going on for decades and
decades and decades obviously there's
still an issue the way that the elephant
protection initiative is looking at this
issue is slightly different
tell us why well I think what's
important about the elephant protection
initiative the EPI is that it is an
african-led solution it's a coalition of
19 African countries and they're very
very different kinds of countries to be
honest it's hard to generalize about
them they're Anglophone francophone
Lucia phone some of them like Botswana
and Kenya very well established
conservation countries did he like large
elephant populations
some of them like Angola Liberia coming
out of civil wars some of them like
Somalia South Sudan still in devastating
wars so in the case of Somalia perhaps
really with virtually no elephants at
all so it's hard to generalize about
them but what's interesting is that
these 19 governments who ultimately are
my Master's if you like are coming
together and are saying you in wealthier
parts of the world you need to listen to
us these are African solutions to
conserving elephants we do very much
want to conserve our wildlife we want to
protect our environment we do need
financial help from elsewhere but you
have to listen to our approaches and our
priorities I think I think that's a
great point Barnaby as is the
introduction noticed represent Paul
Allen's technology organization both
and much of our work begins with
listening to the end user
walking with the rangers listening to
the rangers what is their average day
look like
what are their concerns or other
problems how do we make their lives
easier and integrating technology in
their everyday life over trying to
create something that is out of context
that might be working for a Western
audience but it's not gonna be
culturally or technologically
appropriate for the folks on the ground
and when you come at it from a point of
looking at the you know the the
interface between human and Wildlife and
looking at solutions that benefit both
that's where you can have success when
you're looking at the ground when you're
looking at humans wildlife and how the
solutions come together to benefit all
parties involved that's where we're
gonna see long-term success Angela's
right that we shouldn't kid ourselves
that the the dilemmas are very acute
I'll give you an example I was in Chad
in Central Africa just last week talking
to a farmer in a very impoverished area
whose crops had been completely
destroyed by a herd of elephants now
there's no prospect of tourism in that
area there's no system of compensation
set up for people whose livelihood has
been destroyed by wildlife and who am I
to go and lecture that far up farmer his
name was yusuf about the morality of
conserving these wonderful elephants so
that our children and grandchildren can
see them and in use of dilemma
I suppose I I was really confronted not
just with the practical problems of
conserving elephants which I dearly want
to do but also the morality of finding a
solution that works for everybody on
this increasingly crowded planet you
know when you talk about merging that
duality Barnaby I wanted to bring up a
conversation that I'm seeing online here
so this first tweet is from Ken Dee she
says there is a war on people living
around conservation areas that war is
led by and this is her term here Khan
servation is to pretend to love animals
more than the people on whose territory
those conservation areas sit so all of
our guests here today seem to be talking
about that I
yeah but then how do you merge it with
the people who do want to promote
conservation I wanted to share this
tweet here to pick up on that this is
from the World Wildlife Fund UK and they
share this there's an elephant in London
here is why you can see the picture of
this elephant that is roaming around the
streets of streets of London and this is
why we had to bring an elephant into the
city to be reminded of their struggle in
the wild thousands of miles away and of
course the disclaimer is it's a hologram
and it's not actually an elephant but
Barnaby how do you merge those two
conversations wanting to educate
conservationists but also then having
the input of people whose home
communities include animals like this
it's challenging what we're seeing
increasingly across Africa and let's put
this in context there are 1.2 billion
people in Africa that's an awful lot
more than when I was a small boy and in
2050 there will be twice that amount the
the human demographic growth in Africa
is dramatic and and it's difficult to
get away from that finding a solution
that works for large dangerous animals
like elephants like lions and increasing
numbers of people is very very difficult
it works in some countries to an extent
countries like Botswana or Kenya fences
work tourism works wildlife economies
work but is that going to work in a
remote part of Chad or the Democratic
Republic of Congo or South Sudan that
those those other the difficult answers
that we in the conservation world have
to grapple with have to grapple with so
guess what I wanted to do in this show
in particular was unpack how the
business side of poaching actually works
and there's an Al Jazeera show called
techno and they try to trace all the way
back to Thailand to explore how animal
trafficking roots actually operate have
a look this is Bangkok Thailand here at
the world's largest flea markets weaken
shoppers can find almost anything
including cage after cage full of exotic
pets for the right price you can buy
rare and even endangered species a South
American macaw a monitor lizard and
African tortoises - just name a few
techno shot this video at the busy chat
the Chuck market with the camera off a
shop owner offered to sell us what
looked like a protected leaf monkey this
is why the World Wildlife Fund now
recognizes this market as a hotspot for
the illegal animal trade and gohan that
video is a good transition to this tweet
we got because of course we started this
conversation talking about elephants
Patricia here says though it is not only
about elephants and rhinos the illegal
trade of birds is also a huge issue in
every region of the world let's hashtag
in wildlife crime so that goes into the
idea that there are other animals
targeted what other animals are you
looking at and should really the world
be focused on that's right no this is a
widespread illegal market a little-known
animal the Pangolin is their world's
most illegally traded animal in the
world and I'm sure that most of your
audience has never heard about it the
name of the get now and I'm gonna show
them a picture wonderful yes it's a
mammal with scales that's right
right and and it's many people in Asia
and elsewhere fancies its skin and and
and want to pursue it but the name of
the game here is money I've never met a
person who has animosity towards an
elephant or a rhino
there is a money-making industry here
that people up and down the illicit
supply chain have stepped into and it's
the same people who are smuggling drugs
arms and humans around the world and
it's really up to the international
community as barnaby porn it out to
working together add resources and tools
to go after this so we don't leave one
sector of the listed market behind more
highly recognized illegal behavior this
is a crime Sultan we're using yes sorry
sorry for me I mean often you know of
course elephants are important to me but
often we use elephants or Tigers or
lions what we call charismatic megafauna
in the constant
well as vehicles to conserve whole
ecosystems because if you you know you
conserve that you conserve the elephant
but then you conserve the forest and all
the other animals the pangolins and the
inserts and all the other little
creatures and that creates a better we
hope more sustainable environment for
all of us so if you like that that there
the entry point to wider conservation
here's the here's the point I think we
miss us a lot in responding to this
crisis we need to start looking at these
animals in their part as commodities and
then try to understand how they flow
around the world and then pick the choke
points around the world in supply chain
to boost our resources and there are
three areas essentially it's the supply
chain the national parks and you can add
technology and Park Rangers and support
from inside countries and outside the UK
has committed military personnel
soldiers to go in Africa and help to
train and equip then you have the supply
chain ports shipping industry at
transshipment points we need to find the
most important areas where these
products transfers through and add
resources and then it's a demand-side in
China and Southeast Asia more broadly
with these commodities have values that
are are of a cultural and other nature
raising awareness volcán has released a
film about this called the ivory game
and that's one part of bringing stories
and killing some of these ancient
traditions if you will I'm just looking
at a list of retail market prices for
various exotic animals an African Grey
parrot can go at $2,000 a slow loris
just 145 that's reasonably cheap a
gorilla
I have trouble thinking that somebody
would order and buy a gorilla for
hundred thousand dollars but you have
seen this happen people do buy a
wildlife as pets it's status I lived it
for a little bit yeah sorry go ahead go
down you see this every day all the time
and in fact with the rise of the
Internet in the last you know decade or
more this has become even more of a
problem it's much easier to purchase a
wild animal
list of the laws in your state or your
country through the internet and have
that animal shipped to you these animals
are being torn from their mothers in the
wild they're being packed into shipping
crates they're being packed into toilet
paper tubes into drain pipes and
smuggled across borders to be able to be
sold as pets and yes people do buy
chimpanzees gorillas snakes and other
dangerous wild animals that not only you
know pose a danger and and a threat to
the wild species but also to the
families and the people in the
neighborhoods where they live I just
have to show this gentleman he's from
the UAE he's got a famous Instagram
account and once you get on it and you
can't stop looking at it
this is him and his one of his pet
beasts going for a walk well and what's
what's terribly remarkable about this
and sad is that there are more tigers
living captive in the United States than
there are in entirely in the wild we're
talking more than 5,000 just in the US
alone compared to a wild population of
about 3,000 so when we talk about this
issue our community here wants us to
remember that it is so many different
animals that can be involved this is
Justin he says this is a major issue
across the globe and many countries
songbirds are taken to hang in cages
outside homes the trade and exotic
species reptiles amphibians insects for
pet trade is likely to outnumber
trafficking of any other species for any
other purpose he goes on though Johan to
say in the UK for example exotic pets
are imported from dubious breeders
claiming they're captive bred they're
sold on social media sites used by
groups of associates and I'd argue it's
beyond the reach of developing country
law-enforcement agencies so then how if
that's true do you tackle this pipeline
so today in London there were a couple
of very important decisions made we have
had a task force going a Finnish going
after and working with the shipping
industry to try to close down some of
these networks today a financial task
force was created that is going to look
or suspicious transactions involving
what involving wildlife crime so what I
feel that we have
seen over the last five six years is
actually a serious a and security
response that mirrors some of the other
more more highlighted crimes that we
have seen over the last decades or so so
looking at the financial flows being
able to have banks alert authorities
when they see suspicious behavior is
going to be critical and there's quite a
bit of work being done also on the
e-commerce on social media sites and so
those types of partnerships often online
it's going to be critical for taking on
this issue I will show you what I have
on here well I was gonna say we I mean
we should also talk about legislation
for me and Chuck tickly will I mean will
by life perhaps especially from Africa
the issue now is Asia and and and
Chinese demand and we've seen some very
encouraging and welcomed developments
you know chart China banned ivory at the
beginning of this year that's a
fantastic achievement the legislators in
Hong Kong have set in process emotion
that will that will ban ivory over the
next couple of years that's that's good
news but at the same time a country like
China such is its overall overall
demographic weight that it only requires
a small proportion of people to be
breaking the law and it has devastating
impacts on wildlife in other parts of
the world you know this recession so far
today begs the question that we've begun
to address right now on what is the best
way to then tackle illegal wildlife
trading have a look at this video it's
posted to Twitter by the World Wildlife
Fund
and I'm just thinking about the work of
Born Free where the idea of Born Free is
that no wild animal should ever be
anywhere other than in the wild how much
progress do you feel that you and other
organizations are making right now in
2018 today I think we're all making
progress and the important thing to know
is that we have to continue step by step
no matter how incremental we have to
keep working towards a world in which
wildlife are left to live in the wild
where they belong and Barnaby and Johan
have made excellent points as far as the
the need to to stop the trafficking to
support legislation to reinforce the the
people on the ground the customs and
border agents like Born Free is doing in
West Africa where we are helping train
wildlife enforcement agents we're
working directly with West African
governments to be able to help educate
and give them the tools and resources so
that when they are able to identify so
that they are able to identify the
species that are illegally traded and
stop it at their borders before they get
to countries like the United States or
China to feed the demand and you had you
were talking about tools and and
technology to help people down on the
ground what did you mean by that explain
a little bit more so volcans point of
view and the broader point of view I
think is that the technologies that is
required to fix this problem already
exist more is being developed everything
from drones to radars to sensors to
software and getting it into the field
and connecting it with the Rangers with
the commander's really where the rubber
hits the road so we've spent a
tremendous amount of time over the last
four or five years that understanding
the users and what they need and I'll
give you a couple of examples throughout
12 sites now in Africa Park Parks that
we are active in what we saw was this
abundance of data that was floating
around in in Excel spreadsheets in the
minds of the Rangers in tucked away
cabinets we wanted to provide a tool
that can bring the patrol route of a
ranger where the elephants are we're
suspicious behaviors are integrating
sense or maybe a drones feed into a
software for now
operational picture that's called Earth
Ranger we're very proud to be in 12
parks and I think eight countries now
helping the Rangers music 30-second bump
that's the core and with Paul Allen the
great philanthropist we got this week
from Simon Simon hi Josie says Rangers
who risk their lives protecting wildlife
must be properly equipped trained and
managed they must be given insurance and
their families must be looked after if
they are injured or killed and that's
one thing that I think many people don't
often think of but Simon goes on to say
that public-private partnerships should
also be used to manage protected areas
working with governments and local
people like those successfully deployed
by African parks he give us a one
example there Barnaby I'm wondering with
your what your take is on this yeah I I
fully endorse the work African parks for
our viewers if they don't know that
they're essentially a nonprofit
organization who if you like specialize
in in rescuing failing national parks in
Africa often in quite difficult
countries countries like Chad countries
like the Democratic Republic of Congo
been inna sort of placing a little bit
out of the way and they have a very good
track record
yes Rangers the thin green line as we
call them they are the heroes hundreds
have been killed over the past decade
across Africa but like like guests have
said any successful approach has to be
holistic of course we need to help
Rangers we gotta stop poaching on the
ground we need better legislation better
law enforcement new laws in Asia and of
course we need to change public opinion
in consumer countries as well so it's
it's a PR battle it's a military battle
it's all of those things at the same
time I had one thing that I would okay
one thing I would add to that that's
another part of the solution is that law
enforcement needs a place to call on or
a group to call on when they confiscate
wild animals so these wild animals are
not just exiting the country in in parts
and pieces for
trade but they are leaving as whole live
wild animals and when they are
confiscated law enforcement needs a
place to go for example born freeze
sanctuary and Sesa Cote outside Addis
Ababa in Ethiopia the the cheetah babies
that you just put up on the screen a
couple of minutes ago those animals were
confiscated and rescued on the border of
Somalia they're now living in our
sanctuary oh hold on a minute I'm sure
I've got the century because he was so
amazing let me just show here monkeys
diving into the water the Born Free u.s.
a primate sanctuary just for those
fellows of my sanctuary in South Texas
here in the United States and those
animals have been rescued from the pet
trade and other abusive and neglectful
situations Barnaby I I was on your
Facebook page a little bit earlier I'm
getting away from the cute monkeys but
you shared this picture on your Facebook
and it was an elephant and what is it
like to be in the world and then to see
a wild elephant and be that close that
was an amazing experience that that was
a picture we took in in Chad just just
last week and and it was very different
say to being in a more conventional
Safari
in a vehicle we were on foot those
elephants are very very nervous
extremely heavily poached in in southern
chad no elephants left with large tusks
at all it's quite tragic to see the way
in which you know that the elephants are
changing that the gene pattern is
changing across many elephant
populations in Africa and those
elephants got sight of us and
disappeared into the bush very very
quickly but to be on foot and to hear
the rumble of elephants stomachs and the
crashing of branches ahead of you is is
a very extraordinary experience and this
experience which I pray dearly
obviously that my children and
grandchildren are lucky to have and this
will still be possible in 50 or 80 years
time can I have two a story to that yes
it's gonna be a 20 seconds just you can
do I've had the fortune to see that
they've Ryan a waterhole in the southern
part of kin
yes to see the Rhinos approach the
waterhole they are very scared animals
and always that you build that trust
they know you're there
they come up they start to interact with
you and it's a very very wonderful piece
of experience of okay now I'm having
FOMO do you have world cockroaches in
the studio so you're not but they go
wait did you want to take us what's to
ensure the future generations can have
those experiences that Barnaby and Johan
shared Kate on conservation shares this
a big step would be to increase the
level of public education and media
coverage to match that scene with the
sale of illegal drugs and weapons to
lobby government ministers to debate it
as often and as publicly and to teach
children in schools that ivory is
worthless as an ornament
I mean one more tweet to show you and
this is on Nick Clark who is Al
Jazeera's environmental editor he's out
there at the illegal wildlife trade
conference he's reporting you can see
him here talking to the African Wildlife
Foundation president if you enjoyed this
program they'll be much more reporting
on al Jazeera so don't go away
in the meantime Barnaby Angela Johann
thank you so much for being on the show
today Malik and I will see you always
online on Twitter at eight a stream
thanks for watching see you next time
