the donkey carts another city have been
replaced by iranian-made cooktops
in the sprawling Baghdad suburb it
represents about the only modernization
in years Kirara hazem makes about $10 a
day and like many others in southern
city he's fed up with the lack of
services Alamos early in Ohio
masha'Allah our politicians are thieves
they don't look after us there are so
many people without jobs I know a lawyer
who is now working as a liver does that
sound acceptable
nearly half of Baghdad's nine million
people live in southern city most
survives just around the poverty line
the lack of services is evident
everywhere basic facilities such as
sewage clean water and electricity are
all but missing this is the traditional
power base for thus address'd lineage of
shear leaders named after assassinated
Muhammad solder solder who was most
other's father it's the first election
where the poorest part of Iraq's capital
has elected the winning party Sadr City
is a microcosm of Iraq representing the
divide between Baghdad's rich and poor
this election has given people hope but
the question remains in Iraq's
complicated politics whether votes will
be enough to bring about the change
people here are hoping for to form a
government hospital Sadr needs coalition
partners but he also has to manage voter
expectations when he makes alliances I'm
Anika where we Sayed moqtada al-sadr we
have high hopes from His Eminence
moqtada al-sadr he's the man of reforms
he organized rallies and entered the
green zone for the sake of reforms so
that the oppressed would rise so there
also needs support from six members of a
siren bloc which includes the Communist
Party the former minister of science
says the magnitude of Iraq's challenges
needs a united approach now very bad
indicators under my employment
marginalized a people with public social
service at public services exhibit have
deteriorated weather
whether you in health infrastructure is
very bad socials like physical structure
all these big challenges these are of a
nature which can on which you can build
a very wide coalition a vast chasm says
the situation for them has not improved
since Saddam Hussein's time his
makeshift food stall barely earns him a
living
he's already disappointed at politicians
attitudes immediately after the election
ice wobble as marble and folk Aurelius
are the main reason that there is
rampant poverty in Sadr City is because
there are no jobs no money and most of
all those politicians are turning a
blind eye to us for decades not much has
changed here once again these poor
suburbs have used their vote now they
wait for politicians to deliver on
campaign promises Osama bin Javed Al
Jazeera Sadr City Baghdad
