in New York ambassadors were arriving
for a meeting of the UN Security Council
when news of president Trump's letter
canceling the summit broke the road
ahead as is a bumpy road and nothing is
a given I think I just saw the news like
you did and and so we will look into
what that means yeah I just I just heard
that on the way now I hope this
opportunity this opportunity will not be
it will not be missed in Geneva the UN
secretary-general was attending a
conference on Disarmament I am deeply
concerned by the cancellation have the
plans meeting in Singapore between the
president United States and the leader
of the Democratic People's Republic of
Korea and I urge the parties to continue
their dialogue to find the path to the
peaceful and verifiable denuclearization
of the Korean Peninsula the high-level
diplomacy of recent months involving a
showpiece summit between the two Koreas
and the highest level meeting between
the u.s. and North Korea for decades was
always a high stakes undertaking the
question now is whether it's broken down
completely or whether it can be revived
one expert is pessimistic the way that
Trump sent this letter with a threat of
America's massive nuclear arsenal I
don't think the North Koreans are going
to take that well I think this is going
to cause them to feel like they've got
to display their massive nuclear arsenal
also it happened immediately after North
Korea took the step of collapsing its
test tunnels they're gonna feel betrayed
diplomatic channels are still believed
to be open between the u.s. and North
Korea urgent contacts will now need to
be made to stop a slide away from
diplomacy and towards conflict James
BAE's al Jazeera at the United Nations
