Pakistan takes control of a region that
some describers lawless father of
federally administered tribal areas
borders Afghanistan and as a known
hiding place for armed groups including
the Taliban
so is Pakistan now better place to fight
them and how will Kabul react to
Islamabad
takeover this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Elizabeth puranam the overwhelming yes
vote in Pakistan's National Assembly
merging father with Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
province would eventually end its semi
autonomous status Islamabad feels the
move will help and what it caused its
fight against terror but not everyone's
convinced Aman Khan will look at both
sides of the story shortly but first
Kemal hai the reports from Islamabad
despite bitter political polarization
here in Pakistan there was a rare show
of strength with opposition turning up
in large numbers to support the
government's legislation on the merger
of the federally administered tribal
areas known as Fatih into the cyber
Putin for province the Prime Minister's
right fuck on Abbas he told everyone
that this was a rare opportunity that
showed that the country was united
behind this new act of Parliament which
will be known as the 31st amendment it
will of course be approved by the Senate
as well and the likelihood that it will
smooth loose in it is also a foregone
conclusion but this now will have to
also be approved by the provincial
assembly of the cyber Pakhtunkhwa
province possibly by the 28th because
that is when it completes this tenure
and the country will be getting ready
for general elections and will also have
an interim prime minister so indeed a
major step by the government to
incorporate photo into the Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa province Kemal Haider for
inside story some have called this
region lawless and a hotbed of terrorism
but the country's parliament is now
voted to bring it into Pakistan proper
by merging it with a neighboring
province father or the federally
administered tribal areas of border
Afghanistan unlike Pakistan czar the
provinces Fatah are under the direct
control of government leaders in
Islamabad through a series of political
offices in reality the region's
difficult to control and has very little
real governance
FATA was declared a region during the
british colonial occupation of india
british troops found the area unruly and
struck a deal with the local tribes to
make a buffer zone between British India
and Afghanistan Pakistan formalized that
system after the creation of the country
in 1947 farter became a safe haven for
Mujahideen fighters during the Soviet
invasion and occupation of Afghanistan
in the 1980s it was also a sanctuary for
armed groups such as al-qaeda and the
Pakistani Taliban during the so-called
US war on terror the merger means that
Fatah is now a formal part of Pakistan
with the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
also known as kpk most welcomed the
merger saying is long overdue
others say further people must have a
say well it's very unfortunate it's done
in a haste without consulting the people
of art it is a strange democracy in the
country they do not give the basic
democratic right to the people of water
to decide for themselves whether they
want to merge or they want to have a
province to themselves this decision is
made for them by others outsiders are
Fattah Pakistani government forces have
been at war for over a decade with armed
groups including the Pakistani Taliban
which is waged a nationwide suicide
bombing campaign some security analysts
questioned whether the time is right for
the merger and if it will stop the
region becoming a sanctuary for gunmen
even though it is being done in haste
and they are issues because the security
situation is very tenuous in Fatah
already the military is there and we are
hearing now that the level of conflict
and level of violence that had gone down
and attacks that had gone down are
picking up again so we can see that the
militants that had been displaced are
regrouping again other Pakistan is a
concern that the merger will falter
because of shortfalls in the KP case
budget as well as opposition from within
Fatah itself some tribal leaders would
rather Fatah was declared a province
instead of being merged or the KPK Imran
Khan al-jazeera
well let's now get the thoughts of our
guests joining us from Islamabad Martine
Haider political commentator and
professor at National University of
Modern Languages in Kabul Misaka rahim
regional security specialist and also in
Islamabad as Hassan Khan a political
analyst a very warm welcome to all of
you
mr. Heider why is the government taking
this step now yes thank you so much the
the bill has already been passed by the
National Assembly of Pakistan that is
about farda's merger with Kevin province
and government basically took this
particular step after detailed
deliberation and consultation with all
stakeholders and there was a committee
which was headed by deputy chairman of
the Planning Commission mr. Sartaj Aziz
the committee held several round of
talks with the tribal elders and after
detail deliberation and consultations
finally the report of the committee was
presented to the prime minister and
couple of days back the committee report
was also presented before national
security committee the highest forum
which is responsible for making
decisions related to national security
and the defence of the country so after
that a green signal was given the
cabinet meeting was called cabinet
approved it and today was a landmark day
in Pakistan's Parliament as government
presented the bill with the title
fathers merge it with help of tune huh
the bill has been passed so tomorrow the
bill will be taken up by the upper house
of the Parliament that is called Senate
of Pakistan and once the Senate passed
this bill it will be referred to the
President of Pakistan and after signing
most probably tomorrow this bill will be
called as an act of the Parliament and
Fatih will be formally merged into the
habit of the province mr. Khan do you
agree with mr. Hoyer that everybody was
consulted in this process he says tribal
elders were consulted but were the
people of father consulted enough do you
think yeah I think is for the this
landmark decision
historic decision yes I agree up-to-date
that the Pakistani Parliament and the
political elite the political parties
have taken a very historic decision but
yes it was unanimous yes for the big
party were concerned but you know this
process was almost delayed for more than
a year it was supposed to be passed
almost one year ago but there were
differences even the political coalition
of the current government two main
political coalition of the current
government especially the purse tune
family Awami party and a largest
political religious party Jamiat ulema
Islam they were opposing it with an
island and they successfully scuttled
this process for more than a year and I
think this time the the pressure was
more from the security establishment for
the reason that the area is an governed
and it is it is it is bordering with
Afghanistan and so far it is not if the
the government the civilian government
rate was totally absent there so the
scale to administer blaa shman already
they are engaged for a number of
operation in the tribal area so now they
helped with that they are supposed to
come out and leave that the peace is
being established there so definitely a
civilian administration must be extended
there so it was not that the entire
there was also a position among the
tribal people especially the elderly
that they are called the Malik's
are even some groups in certain
political agency were against this this
merger because this is not only the
merger some wanted it to make it
separate province and some wanted to
have another system like we have the GB
gilgit-baltistan yeah a local council
system so there were there were
opposition and there were differences
both among the people and the political
level but after all the decision was
taken for merging the tribal area into
the settled province of Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa and mr. Rahim what about
Afghanistan and the view from there give
that father borders Afghanistan the
Pashtun people move freely between the
border and the real problem of militancy
in Qatar that has affected Afghanistan
well first and foremost I would like to
say that when it comes to consultation
since I am a pashtun and I live in an
area which borders the tribal areas and
I can tell you there was no consultation
with the general public but it was done
with the political elite who has been
aligned with the Pakistani establishment
secondly I can tell you we have this
persona hafez movement clearly
explaining that the militancy that has
been happening in the area or the course
of last 16 years has merely been
engineered and and that has been
something which has not been an
independent sort of phenomenon but has
been supported and thirdly engineered by
or supported by yes as I said the purse
to novice movement that has been
supported by thousands of people in each
of their rallies have been clearly
seeing that the Pakistani stable
establishment pursuing its strategic
depth agenda inside Afghanistan has been
supporting us all these militancy in
terms of trying to influence the oven
context and continue to look for
achieving its strategic objectives in
Afghanistan so this has been one but
besides that there have been so many
other evidences provided by a number of
ref forces that we can reference if we
go into detail discussion that Pakistan
establishment has been supporting this
whole militancy from the tribal areas
using these tribal areas in its special
nature in terms of governance to
interfere in our van Affairs mr. Hoyer
what do you make of that has Islamabad
deliberately kept the British system in
place so that it can use father as a
buffer region between Pakistan and
Afghanistan and is the merger of father
in
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa how is that going to
address the security situation and the
security problems that affect not just
Pakistan but also Afghanistan as mr.
Rahim saying yes well the issue of
security will remain a big challenge
because some of the tribal agencies have
recently been cleared of the militancy
but another important thing is that the
FATA they will be definitely I mean
federally administrative tribal areas
till the signing by the president it
will remain as Fattah so there is a
massive deployment of Pakistan Army
troops are still there that is to ensure
peace and security so peace and security
will remain a big challenge definitely
for the Pakistani federal government and
for the provincial government as well
because from tomorrow Fattah will be
formally merged with Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
and as our another friend said that
definitely there will be a definitely
cross-border incidents and they will be
definitely firing at at the border at
Pakistan Afghanistan border militants
will continue to cross over the border
so border issues security issues will
remain our big challenge and definitely
the the the government has to keep the
heavy presence of military in all the
tribal agencies in order to ensure that
the militancy our extremism our
terrorism doesn't rise again so that
will remain a very key issue and other
than this other than this then
definitely there are a number of other
issues as far as all travel agencies are
concerned most of the travel agency that
are extremely backward yeah so there are
the lack of opportunities there are lack
of facilities so gamma has to spend lot
of money on these on these areas if
there is no money spent there could be
definitely strong voices from these
travel areas people can stand up in case
there is no money spent on their welfare
or infrastructure development on
education on health on road networks
something like that yeah on these all
accounts there are extremely
no facilities over there or if even
there is any facility that needs to be
operated and infrastructure needs to be
modernized or built up so do you think
that not attention is not paid properly
and these are of course all the reasons
why the Pakistani government is saying
that they are finally bringing further
in to the federal government and under
the federal government mr. Khan if I can
come back to you on a point that you
made earlier about whether father should
be merged with Khyber Pakhtunkhwa or
should be its own province as some were
advocating for do you think that it's
merging but the different province is
the way to tackle all of these very real
and serious on-going
challenges with father like under
development and like security look I
think there were a lot of debate to make
it a separate province are having a
localised local body government there
are to merge it the KB with the help of
kumoi was the but the best option a real
maturity of the people both in tribal
area and the political parties and the
the security establishment they agree
that making it a separate province will
further aggravate the will need a lot of
working their new establishment offices
and it was in other thing was the Fatah
would not be able to sustain itself you
know as a separate province and already
Fatah is the the the Fattah areas is
mostly dependent on Heba Putin wife you
start from Bahji wall and down to was
east on but I want to add one thing
which my friend rain from Afghanistan he
said that look this first tune the Huff
was moment it was not only supported by
the purse tune in Pakistan it was in
Quetta Balochistan and the Baloch were
part of that movement
they were this stage a very spectacular
political gathering in Lahore the Punjab
province in the Punjabi they supported
it in Islamabad this stage is set in for
10 days in Karachi the Cyndi's and the
Mahajan's were there yeah so the purse
to interpose
it is not due to that reason the demands
of the person oppose moment are
basically the basic human rights they
want to be treated as equal citizen at
par with the rest of the country but
making it a separate province it was not
the demand of the person top was moment
not at all they never mention it that
whether it should be part of the
province or it should be make a separate
province but the the this struggle for
streamlining the tribal region it dead
breaks to a number of decades because
the people are favored pasta noir who
are the persons and people our tribal
area they want to be merged but later on
some some elements wanted it to make it
a separate promise mr. Rahim what do you
make of mr. Khan is saying and do you
think that the demands of this
pass-through movement will be met with
the merger well I can tell you one thing
there we are discussing two separate
things one is the demands of the person
to harvest movement let's look at it
from the historic perspective first and
foremost any decision about the federal
administrator tribal areas Fattah cannot
be made unilaterally there is a history
attached to it go back to the Rawalpindi
agreement between Afghanistan and
British India in 1919 where they agree
that they will not come across I mean
they not cross the haber pass and then
1921 which was signed between Dobbs and
mr. Carosi again in 1921 and they agree
that these areas will remain separate
from the British government they will
remain as a buffer zone between the two
states there is an agreement between
this regina and mr. Najibullah i
represent mr. Rahim this area this area
of course but given that the decision
has been made and has been made
unilaterally how can we move forward now
and how can the Afghan government accept
what's happened and work with the
Pakistan government and supporting the
people of Fatah and the Pashtuns that
share both Pakistan and Afghanistan as
their home in some cases well I'm
telling you that this has to
a decision made based on consent of the
people of Fatah which is not the case
right now here and secondly the
situation has been created since 2001
where people have instruct between rock
and hard place they have to go either
for accepting the ongoing engineered
militancy or they have to accept a
merger which is against interest of the
people instead of going for the
legislative reforms that could help them
maintain their independent status within
the Pakistani state like
gilgit-baltistan they should have had
legislative reforms getting rid of FC
are the different tear crimes regulation
they have gone on to take some drastic
decisions without engaging one of the
most important parties to the to the
buffer zone that is Afghan government
and and most importantly the people of
Fatah let me put that to mr. Haider what
do you make of that our views like that
of mr. Rahim going to be a problem for
bringing this merger into fruition so I
don't think so there will be any problem
now because as you said the scene has
been made yes the decision has been made
now the decision has been given a proper
legal cover by the lower house of the
Parliament and tomorrow Pakistan's upper
house of the Parliament will again give
assent to this particular bill I don't
think so whatever was to be done that
was to be done in terms of opposition
within the Pakistani Parliament to two
political parties one there is just
party jamia told by some possible man
group which has very strong presence in
kpk now they post it and the other one
is ethnic based organization that is
pocked own family of army party headed
by mr. Maharaj eggsy so these two
parties oppose this particularly bill
and they walked out of the parliament as
well so I think the Parliament is the
key forum it is the supreme forum most
of the political parties have their
representation and political parties in
the parliament have definitely the
backing with their voters
I would like to go
- Hassan Khan now because I could see
that you wanted to come in there mr.
Khan yeah I think I look or what my
friend from Afghanistan is he's trying
to further confuse the issue that this
area was part of the British India since
1980 in 1893 and it is some parts were
from 1870 when it was inherited by
Pakistan when Pakistan is erecting
border between Pakistan and Afghanistan
for the last I think more than a year in
amo one 500 to 1000 kilometer fence is
already being made upon government has
no objection or attain this tribal
territory falls within the Pakistan the
the Pakistan boundary 3 look the people
of tribal area they are part of the
Senate there are eight senators in upper
house and there are 12 emanates in the
lower house and they are the they are
part and parcel of the country under
what article one of the Pakistani
constitutions tribal territory it is the
fifth part of the Pakistan so I think
there is the these are just creating
confusion if there was any objection
over the one government I think they
would have raised it over the fencing of
the body inside that to mr. Rahim if
there has been objections by the Afghan
government have they been put forward
listen we're trying to by using the word
confusion we are trying to sweep the
history under the carpet and I think
let's not do that
I've won governments from time to time
for last seven tears have been raising
and objecting this whole Durand Line and
beyond that and they have been tried in
claiming their territory which was
signed given over to the British India
as part of the Durand Line agreement
there was public gatherings let me
remind mr. Sam Han he knows it actually
I know that the Banu Jirga where people
came together the movement of fakir aap
it is the public of the people because
it is public divided not the government
so first and foremost let's talk from
the public perspective the movement of
Akira P and the
Jihan and everybody then coming to the
government site each time Afghanistan
has always questioned the the Durand
Line and for The Times mr. day at the
time of President Dawood the questions
were raised mr. Karzai has raised this
issue and again it is the people of the
two sides you have to decide because
it's it's not the government's
demarcated or divided but the families
on the on the Durand Line and within the
tribal areas we have half of the family
living at this side and half of the
family other side mr. heym let's not
forget the history yes Parliament of
Pakistan can make unilateral decisions
given the context but but let's not
forget the legal side of it and historic
events attached to it mr. Rahim thank
you very much for that I'm going to give
our last word to mr. Haider in Islamabad
how is the next government going to deal
with this and make it happen yes
definitely it will be definitely a big
challenge for the new government because
the the peasant government is going to
package system in next hardly almost a
week so the the the next comment is not
going to create problem because this
issue has been given a proper legal and
constitutional cover so the next moment
who said well whoever would be and
whatever political party would be in
power it would be constitutional
obligation on the part of that political
party the party which will be empowered
to honor all the commitments to honor
all the agreements to honor all the
pledges that this present government has
made in the Parliament of Pakistan once
the father was being merged with the
help of powers as part of the
legislation so the next government will
have to definitely give financial
resources will have to give all other
things are definitely to the tribal
areas which would be part of the KP case
so the next government will have to
fulfill its legal and constitutional
obligation if the next government does
anything then there will be a human cry
then there will be opposition then there
could be a very strong political
reaction in case the next government
backtracks from whatever is being done
right now all right mr. Hyde thank you
very much for that
that is mutton higher in Islamabad much
that Rahim in
caval and Hassan Khan also in Islamabad
and thank you too for watching you can
see the program again any time by
visiting our website al-jazeera calm and
prefer the discussion to go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story you can
also join the conversation on Twitter a
handlers at AJ inside story from the
others of the puranam and the whole team
here bye for now
you
