the report has been prepared for the UN
Security Council it says that criminal
networks in the UAE are using Iran as a
transit point for illegal charcoal
exports that have earned the Somali
based armed group al-shabaab an
estimated 150 million dollars when Al
Shabaab has established an effective
state within a state but they collect
taxes in in all major towns they also
run a parallel system of justice so for
many citizens of Somalia in even the
capital Mogadishu they will go to an
al-shabaab court some kilometers away
the report was written by the Somalia
and Eritrea monitoring group a UN body
that monitors sanctions in the region
and it says charcoal is shipped from
Somalia with fake country-of-origin
certificates to ports in Iran where its
relabeled a product of Iran and put onto
small boats to port Al Hamra in Dubai
the authors of the report say both Iran
and the UAE did not substantively engage
with them when they raised concerns of
charcoal smog lling Al Shabaab has been
trying to overthrow the Somali
government for nearly a decade now and
despite losing territory it still
controls a significant chunk of the
country and levies taxes that fund its
attacks one checkpoint is said to earn
Leon Group 10 million dollars a year the
Somalia and Eritrea monitoring group
also says that in some areas al-shabaab
has a sophisticated taxation system that
is more geographically diversified and
systematic than the federal government
the UAE
is named in the report for breaking
other sanctions that include smuggling
weapons bought from Serbia and Croatia
into Somalia in Yemen the UAE is also
building a military base in neighbouring
Somaliland despite calls from the
federal government in Somalia to halt
construction saying it was a clear
violation of international law
the report says work on the site
continues Somaliland is a region of
Somalia that declared its independence
in 1991 following a civil war and
remains unrecognized by the
international community the UAE is yet
to reply to the allegations its UN
ambassador says they cannot comment
because the report is unpublished Imran
Khan
