the front lines are tense Duras seems to
be the government's next target the
rebels control two-thirds of the
province in southern Syria they are
preparing for an offensive by the army
and are coordinating with fighters in
kenitra to the west and sueda to the
east a ceasefire has been in place for
almost a year in the three provinces the
opposition hopes its guarantors Jordan
Russia and the United States will make
sure the truce continues to hold the
ceasefire agreement is guaranteed by
Jordan and the US so they should prevent
the Syrian regime from starting a battle
and attack in this area last month US
Embassy in a man told the rebels that
they're doing their best to prevent an
attack but we don't trust them and we
don't trust the Russians the Army has
been sending reinforcements to the south
they are reportedly replacing Hezbollah
and other Iranian backed forces who have
been moving out they are repositioning
closer to Damascus
apparently to avoid direct conflict with
Israeli forces Israel and Jordan border
those southern provinces an offensive
involving Iranian allied troops could
escalate the already tense standoff
between Israel and Iran Israel has
repeatedly warned against an Iranian
presence close to its border and
repeatedly targeted Iranian positions
across Syria in recent weeks Russia is
believed to be mediating between Israel
the United States and Jordan on one hand
and Iran and Syria on the other on the
future of the southwestern corner of
Syria Moscow is pushing for the return
of state rule to the entire area and
ensure the withdrawal of all other
forces for that to happen all parties
are demanding security guarantees and
it's not clear if a deal can be reached
but there may be an understanding
concerning the naseeb border crossing
between Syria and Jordan both countries
want to reopen this vital trade route
which would be a much-needed source of
revenue the Syrian side has been under
rebel control since 2015 and Jordan has
said it will only deal with a recognized
Authority if rebels don't surrender
it's expected to be the first objective
of a government offensive Gordon doesn't
want an escalation especially with the
presence of ISIL in the area it's also a
densely populated it could cause a
refugee crisis on its border there is a
possibility of a deal in South in Syria
because every party has an interest in
this it's also in Israel's interest to
protect its border tens of thousands of
Syrians who live in this rebel enclaves
are bracing for the worst they could be
caught in a battleground
if behind-the-scenes negotiations failed
to reach a deal but it seems there is
some progress with reports of Iranian
linked forces leaving the area
zenyk O'Dare al Jazeera Beirut
