in Gaza Palestinians are used to long
waits for everything from statehood to
clean water the toughest wait is an end
to Israel's 11 year blockade here
Palestinians are waiting to take
advantage of Egypt's decision to
temporarily open its crossing every day
during Ramadan it's the only apparent
concession after 8 weeks of protests
that have left a hundred and eleven
people dead embassy at the watcher has
spent two and a half years trying to
join her husband in Sweden the blood was
shared in the people who lost their legs
are worth more than this opening the
crossing is just a show I can't deny
I'll benefit from it but still this is
not the real price we sought from the
protests returned there is still a siege
and that should be lifted it's quieter
now near Israel's fence the protests
aren't over nothing is improved yet but
I think we should keep up in the unarmed
British think and peacefully fighting
and I think Israel eventually they will
say yeah we have to do whatever they
want because we we are so concerned
about our reputation as a country that's
a theory repeated by Hamas is leader in
Gaza
yaaaas in one at a Ramadan iftar meal
near the fence he tells supporters that
while they stood up to US president
Donald Trump when he moved the US
Embassy to Jerusalem the Arab countries
and their armies did nothing one of the
most significant achievements is that
international public opinion is talking
about Palestinian rights they are
talking about the suffering of
Palestinians the siege of Gaza is making
headlines in the newspapers under on TV
this is because of the sacrifices we
made in the border protests
as sin while left the stage he was
reminded of those sacrifices as dozens
of men injured in the protests asked for
help for crutches wheelchairs and
prosthetic limbs Thomas's leadership is
under real pressure now from
Palestinians living in Gaza to deliver
improvements in living conditions here
and so far nothing's changed but for the
next two weeks at least we can perhaps
expect quieter more subdued protests
along the fence as people wait and see
if there is going to be any improvement
Bernard Smith al Jazeera Gaza
