some have called this region lawless and
a hotbed of terrorism but the country's
Parliament is now voted to bring it into
Pakistan proper by merging it with a
neighboring province father or the
federally administered tribal areas of
border understand unlike Pakistan czar
the provinces Fatah are under the direct
control of government leaders in
Islamabad through a series of political
officers in reality the region's
difficult to control and is very little
real governance fato has declared a
region during the British colonial
occupation of India British troops found
the area and rouille and struck a deal
with the local tribes to make a buffer
zone between British India and
Afghanistan Pakistan formalized that
system after the creation of the country
in 1947 parta became a safe haven for
Mujahideen fighters during the Soviet
invasion an occupation of Afghanistan in
the 1980s it was also a sanctuary for
armed groups such as al-qaeda and the
Pakistani Taliban during the so-called
US war on terror the merger means that
Fattah is now a formal part of Pakistan
with the province of Hebei party who are
also known as kpk most welcomed the
merger saying is long overdue
others say father people must have I say
well it's very unfortunate it's done in
a haste without consulting the people
apart
it is a strength democracy in the
country they do not give the basic
democratic right to the people of water
to decide for themselves whether they
want to merge or they want to have a
province to themselves this decision is
made for them by others outsiders are
Fattah Pakistani government forces have
been at war for over a decade with armed
groups including the Pakistani Taliban
which is waged a nationwide suicide
bombing campaign some security analysts
questioned whether the time is right for
the merger and if it will stop the
region becoming a sanctuary for gunmen
even though it is being done in haste
and they are issues because the security
situation is very tenuous in Fatah
already the military is there and we are
hearing now that the level of conflict
and level of violence that had gone down
and
that had gone down are picking up again
so we can see that the militants that
had been displaced are regrouping again
other Pakistan is a concern that the
merger will falter because of shortfalls
in the KP case budget as well as
opposition from within Fatah itself some
tribal leaders would rather fatter was
declared a province instead of being
merged with the kpk imran khan al
jazeera
