North Korea says the dismantling of the
facilities at pongetti shows its
commitment to denuclearization and it
wants the whole world to see
international journalists have been
invited in to witness the event at first
the North rejected journalists from
South Korea but then relented seen as a
sign of warming ties skeptics say we
have been here before the destruction of
a cooling tower at another nuclear
facility ten years ago was also
witnessed by foreign media North Korea
resumed its nuclear program soon after
and they could soon replace this
facility if they change their mind they
can basically construct another test
site and if you not take much time it
will not cost much money however as a
confidence-building measure and as a
good political show it will be quite
useful the difference between then and
now say some observers is that North
Korea has a more advanced nuclear
arsenal that it can trade to McGhee and
now they have completed its nuclear
weapons program and the direction of the
nuclear reversible a significant extent
so there is a difference hardliners in
the u.s. say they want North Korea to
follow the Libyan model for
denuclearization
when Libyan leader Moammar Ghadafi gave
up his nuclear program which was shipped
out of the country but dismantling the
entire North Korean program is far more
challenging research centers uranium
enrichment facilities centers for
producing weapons-grade plutonium a
great deal of factories making missile
engines and missile airframes and
everything it's really really much
larger than it was in debate and then
there'd be the issue of verification set
against a background of mistrust and a
suspicion that North Korea would try to
hold on to at least some of its nuclear
arsenal at any cost but these are all
future problems
now just getting to the summit in
Singapore to start the process of
denuclearization poses problems enough
problem at bride al Jazeera soul
