if the countries of northern Europe
Sweden Norway Denmark and Finland
regularly feature among the world's
happiest then why does so many people
report being unhappy in Sweden alone one
in five young women point to rising
stress levels affecting their mental
health I think that we have a lot of
pressure of being perfect and achieving
things and not listening and slowing
down
it's expected that by 2030 depression
will be the world's leading cause of ill
health at the fountain house group of
international crab houses they're
focusing on something conventional
treatments sometimes overlooked the
person behind the illness hospitals
doctors medications all important but
they don't have the resources or perhaps
the goals to build relationships and
once you get to know somebody you can
see beyond the diagnosis I'm a healthy
person here I'm Tracy I'm not my
diagnosis people always ask me to do
stuff and I think why are they asking me
I mean I don't know but I do know and I
can help and find a nurse has saved me
it saved me I don't think I'd be around
it if Anton hadn't haven't been here for
me it all began in New York in the 1940s
patients and social workers got together
to create a shared community that would
ensure those who got out of the often
brutal mental detention facilities of
the time would never have to go back so
these are the what 330 trap houses that
there currently are around the world to
leave the United States
you were very dominant but a lot of work
required in Latin America Africa yes
there's still work to do it needs to be
a clubhouse in every country mm-hmm
essential thing about the club as model
we talked about the need to be needed
you need a place where you are wanted
when you where you are accepted for who
you are I was at at home for many years
and isolated myself it was suggested to
me to come here and
I thought what do I have to lose it's
voluntary to come here that's very
important that you come here because you
want to come here
not because someone else sale you have
to be here human model it's not a
Swedish model or an American model and
why does it work everywhere because
people are the same everywhere we need
to be seen we need to be loved we need
to be part of something you know al
Jazeera stalker
