since the Industrial Revolution human
sources of polluting gases have been
growing
cars machines food production
construction these and more all
contribute to the high concentrations of
pollutants in the atmosphere including
carbon and other greenhouse gases which
are the biggest drivers of climate
change but there are choices people can
make to help drive emissions down
I'm Russell breed in Denmark to me a
community investing in their own green
society and I'm Goku Chakravarthi in
India where a new method of cremation is
helping hindu tradition become more
environmentally friendly
green energy is touted as the future if
we want to stop global warming but
pledging a commitment to renewable
energy is one thing and doing it is
another so just over there on the
horizon it's samsoe island now they are
officially 100 percent renewable that
means to get all of their energy from
renewable sources so we're gonna go over
there and meet the community find out
how they did it
I've heard that the system the Islanders
have set up is so efficient that it
produces more power than they need not
only does this enable them to be carbon
negative but also to make a profit by
selling energy to the danish mainland
I'm meeting Soren Hermanson who heads up
the Sam soul energy and environmental
organization electric car accident he's
taking me on a private tour of the
island
so when they say it's a hundred percent
renewable I mean is that true like 100
percent I mean we still have some fossil
fuel consumption tractors are driving we
have combustion engine cars also still
but we export about 80 thousand megawatt
hours every year Wow yeah that's
incredible
yes
there are 4,000 people on the island in
over the past 20 years they've moved
from a reliance on fossil fuels to wind
solar and biomass technologies from wind
alone they produce enough energy for
themselves and the usage of 20,000 other
homes
so why why was it set up and why here on
Sam so the beginning of it was very
interesting because it was a top-down
decision we had a very ambitious
Minister of the Environment and he
announced that Denmark would cut down
21% of the of the present co2 emission
which was really interesting because I
was the first person that was hired to
do this project I remember the feeling
that I was sitting down and is having
the office and I'm plugged in the
telephone and I said Cosman huh how are
we going to the community here have come
a long way and now boasts the carbon
footprint of negative twelve tons per
person per year but getting to this
stage wasn't easy people were concerned
about the impact of all these biggest
installations on this little island and
to convince people that this was good we
started thinking about using the old
cooperative ownership model where people
kind of buy in they buy a share a small
share or a lot bigger share depending on
how much money they have and thereby
invite them to participate in the
ownership so do you feel that I'm the
part owner of the wind turbine so
therefore it's because of me it's there
guys know if you get so close to these
things you are quite imposing why is it
no spinning them all this one is there's
a service on it yeah you can really you
want to go yes of course
right
like being in the bowels of a battleship
and what they don't tell you when you're
on the ground they say actually sways a
little bit too which is a little bit
unnerving when you know you're 15 years
up in here hello nice to meet you okay
let's - oh my gosh
this is amazing I can wing our what
I'm in luck the team are about to check
the generator oh this is it that's the
energy right generated so you can see
the PM claiming it's getting faster
faster wind power is particularly
productive on Samsa because of its
location in the kattegat straits
there are 11 turbines on land and more
on sea producing all the islands
electricity needs oh my goodness
thank you but when the project started
in 1997 turbines cost more than 1
million dollars each so 400 locals got
together most buying 5 shares costing
about $2,000 saurons taking me to meet
some of the investors Pig we're trying
to get as close to as possible can you
give us a sense of how the community
responded to this shift to 100%
renewable what really struck me was the
fact that people who didn't really speak
to each other before got together and
talked to each other and what brought
you to the island did I have something
to do with the total kind of 100%
renewables is that something you're
proud of
definitely super proud that's great is
it urine yes hi I'm Russell and so how
do you fit in with this kind of energy
landscape that we've been learning about
I have been very much involved and I
have spent a lot of money also the first
that was a wind turbine on my farm and
everybody could see that was good
business and so how things progressed
since then
and so three years later I buy a half
wind turbine Thunder see so you not had
to save the world this is a business
yeah of course what strikes me is that
everyone here has their own reasons for
buying into the project and ultimately
their investment is as good for the
planet as it is for their wallets but
it's their willingness to collaborate on
a common goal that is led to some
ingenious solutions
I've come to the local biomass heating
plant to find out more this is not what
I expected out at all
this is the fuel
this plant is one of three on the island
all the straw here is produced locally
and fuels a heating system that allows
locals to spend 40 percent less on their
bills than they used to bales of hay
each one is about just less than a ton
so they're going onto the conveyor belt
at the end and they're getting dragged
in and in here they're getting shredded
up and then fed into a blast furnace so
can you tell us is it efficient
so I'll help you help Lee indeed over
you greenie
first chef Liu pain for some sure it's
really long oil furnace and rhythm
coeruleus tiger
so William the buoy see the place or
something higher but if you choose to
make why not in here where's the water
the water heated here circulates via a
network of underground pipes connecting
to radiators in individual homes in the
surrounding area three frozen basket a
Hulman
Basha can it carry Wow
so the micro nutrients that the plants
need to survive amazing it's really a
much more efficient system than is
practically carbon neutral as well
because the emissions that are created
fun burning are about the same as the
emissions as the carbon that sucked out
of the atmosphere when it grows in the
first place so it's a pretty neat closed
system Lee samso Island success are
creating not only a green society but a
green economy hasn't been lost on the
rest of the world
and these days they receive 5,000 energy
tourists per year so many that they've
set up an energy academy and so what is
the big idea that draws people from all
over the world yeah I think everybody
has some kind of intuition that this is
the way to go this is where we want to
be at in the future but a lot of places
they don't know how to handle this how
do we do that how do we how do we get
started and the meeting here is kind of
confirming that this is possible we can
do this since the project started Soren
and his colleagues have advised 29
countries Alexis the project manager has
invited me to sit in on a call to a
community organizer in Hawaii can I ask
what's the most important thing that you
get out of communicating with the
residents here on Samsa inspiration
support and to hope for something better
for the future it's a yeah so we're
doing yeah so that's the idea to help
communities realize their potential and
their options and fly
I mean it's really quite simple when you
think about it you know these guys don't
have access to something that the rest
of us don't it's just the fact that
they've managed to get everybody
together sit learn in a circle listen to
each other just make it happen
around the world there are vital regions
like oceans and dense forests where the
earth naturally absorbs and stores
carbon but many of these are under
threat drastically reducing the amount
of co2 they can sequester forests for
example are being lost due to logging
land clearances and pollution an area
around half the size of England vanishes
each year in southern Quebec researchers
are monitoring the woodlands to learn
how forest destruction is impacting
carbon storage so trees through
photosynthesis take carbon dioxide from
the atmosphere and turn them into
biomass so into wood where they're
stored as carbon the more carbon that we
have stored in biomass in the forests
the less carbon dioxide we have in the
atmosphere contributing to climate
change this research can help guide
local conservation strategies and
influence Town Planning to mitigate
impact on vital areas
for thousands of years Hindus have been
performing the last funeral rites
according to specific religious
guidelines including burning the dead
cremation is the traditional method of
disposing of the deceased but with 8.5
million Hindus dying each year funeral
pyres exact a huge and mine mental toll
felling over 50 million trees emitting 8
million tons of carbon dioxide into the
air and adding to India's already
critical air pollution problem
but here in Delhi a team of
environmentally conscious engineers has
adapted this age-old tradition of
cremation to today's needs to protect
the environment
Mogambo crematorium is the oldest and
most sacred of Delhi's 375 open-air
cremation sites or gods it's also the
busiest cremating about 70 bodies per
day it's sinking in now looking at all
these burning bodies and immediately
reminded of my own grandmother's passing
last year brings up a lot of raw
emotions that go with the passing of a
loved one
death is a difficult time for families
and not particularly a moment when the
environment is a primary concern but an
organization called moxtra is trying to
change all that
you must be unsure yeah
uncle Gard is an executive officer at
the NGO when cremation is about to start
they have just done a mahogany the
initial lighting up of the pyre and how
long does it keep up it it takes about
minimum five to six hours five to six
hours I can see your eyes are watering
yeah because of the the pollution and
you can see it's totally dark smoke
yeah really dark man so this is the
actual pollutant I see there is a little
bit more activity now see now the chief
mourner or the son he will do the most
important part of the cremation process
he will take this bamboo and he will hit
the head of the dead person that is
called Kapil kriya to give salvation to
the deceased person
everything is part of this time-honored
tradition the gods in the open air the
mourners gathered around the body
even the use of wood is significant but
it's also a major contributor to the
environmental problem all of this is the
wood that they've gathered here which
gets chopped up into smaller pieces as
the day goes on and as they get orders
and as body start coming in they have
this massive warehouse here which is
full of wood is kuwaiti a charge Tsukiji
high a family just arrived with the
deceased and I'm told they purchased the
cartload full of wood which was 400 kgs
400 is here and then this is the change
but then make it a lot easier now safe
hoorah put it in my eldest around 200
quintals which is 20 thousand kilos of
wood goes through this area
I just cannot begin to imagine the
magnitude of the problem facing us when
you extrapolate this to the rest of
India no wonder our forests are
disappearing as early as the 1960s the
Indian government recognized the
environmental impact of cremation and
they tried to address the problem by
introducing an alternative method so
this is the CNG or gas based crematorium
trolleys to put the body inside this
type of cremation only cost ten dollars
which is less than half the cost of a
traditional one even still there are few
takers the main problem is the people
cannot perform the rituals there is no
use of wood and once the body is sent
inside you can't do anything you just
have to sit like this and after two
hours or three hours you can take the
ashes and then you can go back I mean I
have to say this place looks really grim
and industrial there's nothing
absolutely nothing traditional about
this
even with the best government-subsidized
intentions gas and other forms of more
environmentally friendly methods of
cremation haven't caught on
dr. Ravi Singh the sociologists of
funerary rituals has some thoughts on
the subject
why is cremation such an important
element in Hindu tradition it comes from
those scriptures one of the most
important and central ways to sort of
think of cremation is to begin to think
about the dead person himself or herself
participating in the ritual as a
sacrifice we've seen wood being used in
the cremation at this site is that an
important and integral part of cremation
as well in the Hindu tradition yes so
would John Ricci is very significant the
pyre
is an aesthetic that is seen with a
certain degree of grace so that would
explain the reluctance that Hindus
exhibit in trying and adopting
alternative ways of cremating I would
think that it is part of a certain kind
of orthopraxy that you you do what are
you have been doing and this is very
difficult to shed in case of death
rituals University
Indians might be resistant to change
when it comes to saying goodbye to loved
ones
but the environmental impact of
cremation can no longer be ignored as
India's population approaches a
staggering 1.3 billion more deaths and
more cremations only spell further
environmental problems for the living
this is why most are unsure organization
has come up with a more ecologically
friendly system which balances the
environment with tradition instead of
400 kgs using less wood also means this
system costs less than a traditional
cremation this method allow for the
traditional rituals to be performed the
same way as a conventional fire might
yes definitely this system we are using
only good and whatever thinks people
generally use in a conventional system
only so there is no deviation in the
rituals which we follow now that the
body is in there it work on two basic
principles of science we have increased
the combustion efficiency by providing
proper air that is through the chimney
and the hood so when more oxygen is
coming in the combustion efficiency
increases so it increase your heat
energy in this the cremation process
gets over within two hours
Moke star system has been around for 15
years a tiny amount of time when it
comes to taking on a centuries-old
tradition are now beginning to consider
it seriously as father
Archer to the torrent of color rocky
young qsl rocky versus other year better
than a christian lacroix community
or discipline will say that it is older
high school eco cremation pyres
currently host up to seven cremations a
day at this site it's still much less
than the traditional ones but unchilled
plans to open 60 more sites in 10 Indian
city it's really brought it home to me
that the balance between sensitivity to
death loss and tradition and the
immediacy for the need to protect the
environment is a rather delicate one as
someone who cares about the environment
deeply myself I know we have a long way
to go however it also hardens me to find
groups such as moksha who are finding
alternatives that are starting to have a
real impact
better choices hold the key to reducing
global emissions in Spain there's a
company helping the owners of cars buses
and lorries to cancel out their
emissions by growing gardens on the top
of their vehicles and in northern
Holland a pilot project to turn 70
meters of bike paths into solar roads is
creating enough electricity to power 3
households for one year projects like
these offer different options so that
individuals and communities can reduce
the impact of human activity on our
planet
you
