leading by example the man in charge of
the World Health Organization's
immunization program is the first to
receive the experimental Ebola vaccine
in the Democratic Republic of Congo when
people are exposed to Ebola
they must be vaccinated this vaccine is
an integral part of the prevention
program so that we can stop the disease
from spreading the w-h-o has flown in
more than four thousand doses to the
city of Amman Dhaka that's where the
first urban cases of the disease were
reported last week frontline health
workers are the first to be immunized we
are very happy to get the vaccine
since Ebola is a disease that's very
difficult to treat and is often fatal so
we're lucky and as health workers we
hope it will protect us the vaccine has
not yet been approved by health
regulators but it was effective in
limited trials during the Ebola outbreak
in West Africa between 2014 and 2016 if
we managed to cut the transmission line
it will benefit the international
scientific community because we will
shown that the vaccine works in Guinea
and Sierra Leone and it works here as
well I think we will have enough
elements to provide a weapon against
this epidemic which is frankly very very
serious government ministers are also
encouraging people to wash their hands
limit physical contact and above all be
vigilant vaccinations can only be
effective if all other preventative
measures are followed
starting with surveillance in the
household this will not be a mass
vaccination program it will be targeted
at health professionals and then anyone
who's been in contact with a patient
who's had symptoms of Ebola
the w-h-o says more doses of the vaccine
are on the way
one challenge will be keeping them cold
in this vast impoverished and tropical
country Victoria Gaytan B al Jazeera
