electing one president is not an easy
task but imagine if you had to elect
three that is the case with Bosnia and
Herzegovina the country whose process of
voting could not be more complicated
over 7,000 candidates are running for
518 positions among them three for the
president of Bosnia and Herzegovina in a
country with countless Parliament's
assemblies and ministries even those who
came up with the structure often have
trouble figuring out what exactly is
written in the election law so how does
the political system in Bosnia and
Herzegovina work the country is divided
into two entities the Federation of
Bosnia and Herzegovina and Republica
Srpska the majority of the population in
the federation are Bosniaks and Croats
while in Republika Srpska the majority
are Serbs between the two entities is
the vertical district the multi-ethnic
community polity that functions as a
self-governing area the government is
parliamentary with close to 260
ministers and 700 lawmakers at all
levels at the top of the government is a
three headed presidency represented by
all three ethnicities and structured in
a way to ensure democratic rule but
every four years when the citizens of
Bosnia and Herzegovina cast their votes
during the general elections the content
of their ballots differs based on the
entity in which they live according to
the law Bosnia and Croatia members of
the presidency have to be elected from
the Federation and the Serb member from
Republica Srpska that means that Serbs
living in the Federation and Bosniaks
and Croats living in Republika Srpska
are stripped of their rights to run for
the presidency likely madam how does
this it is a real paradox what we have
in the law right now from one side there
is this rhetoric that a member of the
presidency should be a real leader of
the ethnic group he represents but at
the same time our law prevents a court
or a Bosniak
living in republican Srpska
vote for a representative from their
ethnic group no they can only vote for a
Serb meanwhile the Serbs living in the
Federation cannot vote for say because
our law says that the Serb member of the
presidency must come from Republican
scum and the Bosnia can crow our
representatives must come from the
Federation and while both entities vote
for the members of the presidency as
well as the representatives of the
Parliament on the country level they
also vote for the representatives on the
entity levels and in most cases these
votes have a greater political impact
once elected the three presidents rotate
every eight months during the four-year
mandate and the Bosnian public usually
doesn't know which president is in
charge at any given point the animosity
among the three ethnic groups which is a
direct product of the four-year war in
the 1990s manifests in all the levels of
the government and the lack of will of
politicians to find the common ground
has had a severe impact on the economy
inside the country
trading economics has listed Bosnia and
Herzegovina as the country with the
second highest unemployment rate with an
alarming 35 point 86 percent and closed
the 60% of the younger population unable
to find work all major projects at the
country level have to be approved by all
three sides which often does not occur
and the slow economic progress that the
country has made since the end of the
war has led to the decrease in the voter
turnout over the years out of the
population of 3.5 million people 3.3
have the right to vote but only 50% are
expected to actually do so still both
the number of those running in the
elections and the costs of the printed
material for the electoral campaigns in
Bosnia and Herzegovina are among the
highest in the world
and the country spends over half of its
gross annual income on the presidential
administration so who came up with such
a system as an attempt to create a
balance in the inter-ethnic conflict in
the country and alleviated the
consequences left by the four-year war
the international community imposed the
tripartite rule on Bosnia and
Herzegovina the peace treaty signed in
Dayton is often considered as the
initiator of the three headed presidency
but the structure was a simple replica
of already existing system from the
1970s we headed presidency was not a
product of Dayton Bosnia and Herzegovina
was after all organized in the same
manner during socialism the first
democratic elections introduced the idea
of representatives of the three ethnic
groups in the president - from each side
so that concept was already familiar and
it was only slightly modified so that
instead of six presidents we now have
three debate on Peace Accords gave equal
power to all three ethnicity but it
failed to acknowledge that the once
tolerant multi-ethnic country was deeply
wounded by the recent conflict and was
still unwilling to resolve the remaining
tensions and while the same political
parties created during the war still
rule the country the younger population
born after the war wonders why the
conflict is still important the youth
movements in Bosnia and Herzegovina have
been making attempts over the years to
build a stronger and more active civil
society but the country's Constitution
has been fashioned in a way to make it
hardly possible to outline any
significant changes according to the
agency for identification documents of
Bosnia and Herzegovina half of Bosnia
and Herzegovina's population lives
abroad and the major reason stated is
the political situation inside the
country those abroad and those still
living in the country all agree that the
system of the three headed presidency is
outdated and that the country needs a
better more democratic salut
