after a long wait Burundi the electoral
body finally announced the results of
the country's constitutional referendum
it wasn't even close with more than 70
percent voting for amendments to the
Constitution which could see president
Peregrine's in the extent his time in
office 19% said no opposition groups and
international bodies criticizing this
referendum should know that it was
successful and carried out in a
democratic and peaceful way those
against the changes dismissed the
referendum as a sham
describing it as native free nor fair
there were queues ations that government
forces and members of the ruling party's
youth wing used intimidation tactics to
scare people
Agathon Raza one of the country's
opposition leaders says he will go to
the Constitutional Court to challenge
the outcome even if he has no confidence
in the judges we know how justice is
running here we know what they can do
after all the wish of President aziza
prevails what's the point the point is
that we sure we shall have met make it
it will be written in history that after
all things went fishing and institution
we're compromising all we're aware that
people could say we are not agreeing
with this
in the capital Bujumbura most quietly
accepted the outcome shying away from
questions and cameras it's been very
difficult getting people to talk to us
we've been asking them about the
referendum but they tell us that they're
afraid of getting in trouble if they say
the wrong thing I think it's all good
everything went well I don't know I
don't know I don't know anything
partner no ask other people have nothing
to say the new law will make it possible
for president cruz Inza to run for two
more times and stay in office till
twenty thirty for many Burundians hope
that this will not be another protracted
political crisis
Catherine saw a al Jazeera Bujumbura
