it was a major diplomatic victory for US
president Donald Trump securing the
release of three American prisoners from
North Korea my proudest achievement will
be this is a part of it but but that
goal has hit a snag as Trump prepares
for a possible historic summit with
North Korean leader Kim jong-un
scheduled to take place in June in
Singapore enter South Korean president
moon jae-in he's in Washington this week
to meet with Trump moon made his own
history in April when he welcomed Kim to
the South Korean side of the
Demilitarized Zone the first time a
North Korean leader has ever done that
like Trump there is a lot riding on the
Singapore summit from moon as the leader
of one half of the Korean Peninsula it's
in his country's interest to contain
Pyongyang's nuclear program he will
still try to persuade Donald Trump to
accept some kind of compromise to go to
the North Koreans to the negotiation
tables initiate some kind of compromise
because right now South Korea buffle
needs stability
they don't want escalation in recent
days the negotiations around the summit
have stumbled over the very issue Trump
is placed at the center the North
Koreans are threatening to cancel the
summit over u.s. discussions about its
nuclear program and last the White House
offers something in return
Trump has tried to reassure Kim jong-un
even suggesting the United States would
protect him from the same fate as former
Libyan leader Moammar Ghadafi who was
killed by his own people years after he
gave up his pursuit of a nuclear program
the Libyan model that was mentioned was
a much different deal this would be with
Kim jong-un something where he'd be
there he'd be in his country he'd be
running his country his country would be
very rich but according to some reports
even the US president is beginning to
doubt the success of his own plan summit
given many believed the North Korean
leader
we'll never yield to the top US demand
complete denuclearization of the Korean
Peninsula
Kimberly halket al Jazeera Washington
