it will come as no surprise that the
outcome of Sunday's elections hasn't
changed anything for those Venezuelans
struggling to find food medicine
transportation and at least some hope so
the disappearance ow we are desperate I
didn't vote because it's pointless what
we want is international aid instead
Venezuela will be more isolated 14 Latin
American countries Canada the European
Union and the United States will no
longer recognize the Maduro government
following what they call a fraudulent
election the president has taken strong
action and there's more to come the US
will not sit idly by as Venezuela
crumbles tweeted US Vice President Mike
Pence almost immediately the White House
announced new measures to limit the sale
of Venezuelan debt putting a further
financial squeeze on the cash-strapped
government this does not bode well for
my buddha's election promised to
stabilize this country's dysfunctional
economy one in which hyperinflation is
expected to reach 16,000 percent this
year Communications Minister Jorge
Rodriguez told Al Jazeera they have a
plan economica we launched an economic
revolution called a new beginning based
on economic independence production to
do it mafias that distribute food and
hike prices but this economist says yet
more state controls are not the medicine
this country needs
I've lost faith in majoras ability to
rectify it
he's like a plane pilot that's losing
all altitude the motors are shutting
down it's about to crash and there's no
reaction as for the opposition it
predicts murder those days are numbered
we are calling for total civil
disobedience against the dictatorship
and the world is with us but in fact my
looters opponents are as divided as
before the election that most boycotted
unable to muster more than a few dozen
demonstrators onto the same streets that
last year were filled with tens of
thousands of protesters and while many
opposition leaders wait for foreign
pressure to achieve what they have not
the vast majority of Venezuelans prepare
for yet more hardship to see a human al
Jazeera Caracas
