it's Mahathir Mohamad first addressed to
civil servants as the newly elected
prime minister of malaysia the 92 year
old veteran politician had come out of
retirement to lead a coalition of four
parties in an election that took place
nearly two weeks ago he's pledged to
fight corruption the wrong will still be
wrong any wrongdoing will be dealt with
in accordance with the law of this
country Malaysia is dealing with the
aftermath of a financial scandal former
Prime Minister Najib Razak and his
associates are alleged to have
misappropriated billions of dollars from
a state investment fund he had set up in
2009 known as 1mdb
investigations conducted by the police
and the Attorney General when he was
still in power had dismissed those
allegations to reopen the case in the
past few days police have conducted
raids on locations linked to Najib and
his family the former Prime Minister
denies any wrongdoing I'm not the one
who stole the people's money but ladies
and gentlemen many accusations were
thrown at me I was made a target why
because I was the Prime Minister and
party president
Najib has since resigned as president of
am now the dominant party in the former
ruling coalition but he still has his
supporters God willing
Najib will answer the investigators as
best as he can because I know those
accusations are all lies and slander on
Tuesday Najib is due to meet
anti-corruption officers in connection
with the investigation into the transfer
of ten and a half million dollars into
his bank account from SRC International
a former subsidiary company of 1mdb
Florence lui al-jazeera
Kuala Lumpur
