assaults harassment sand death threats
have come to characterize the working
conditions for many independent
journalists syndicate agua Winston puto
smear a video journalist in Managua
recalls the moment he was shot in the
arm while covering an anti-government
demonstration like you only one thought
no I tried to stand and couldn't my arm
had contracted held my arm and couldn't
feel it I immediately thought the worst
moments after being shot other
journalists rushed to Winston's aid and
drove him to a private hospital Winston
says most of his colleagues have also
been the targets of attacks
Miguel Mora is Winston's boss and the
founder of a hundred percent news he
says that since the unrest began threats
against his staff haven't stopped being
a journalist today is a matter of life
and death we've been shot at angry mobs
sent by the government to intimidate us
at one point we were under siege and
they believed the building for several
days last April in the city of Leon a
radio station known for being critical
of the government was set on fire with
journalists still inside llamas the
flames are so big they burst through the
front door and ignited the clothes on
the attackers as well as our security
guard walking through the charred
remains of his office Francisco Torres
an independent radio reporter showed us
where men armed with machine guns
explosives and petrol canisters stormed
the building this is what is left of the
offices of radio da-deal the fire
destroyed the roof and practically
everything else this radio station was
one of the first media outlets to be
attacked when the political crisis began
but acts of intimidation and violence
against the Nicaraguan press continued
attacks against the press have left at
least one journalist dead so far
government representatives however have
ignored our request for a statement on
the matter as the political conflict
drags on organizations like the
inter-american Press Association are
on the Nicaraguan government to
investigate and prosecute those
responsible for attacks against
journalists and their families monument
Rapinoe al Jazeera Managua
