Venezuela's presidential election was
never really about the outcome rather
about how many Venezuelans would
sanction it with their vote celebrating
his victory president Nicolas Maduro
said that people hadn't let him down
Naoko this was a knockout victory and
without drugs
but it was far from the massive show of
support he predicted six years ago when
President Hugo Chavez was last elected
at this hour this polling station where
he used to vote was overflowing now even
as president Nicolas Maduro makes a
last-minute appeal from voters to come
out this is the scene just half an hour
before the polls are due to close in
fact Venezuela has seen the lowest voter
turnout in three decades
presidential candidate Henry Falcone who
defied the main opposition bloc's called
to boycott the polls denounced what he
called massive irregularities and said
he would not recognize the election as
legitimate he says an agreement to keep
so-called red points at least 200 meters
from voting stations was repeatedly
violated the red points are a mechanism
of coercion and political and social
blackmail it's an attempt to buy
people's dignity by forcing them to show
their ID cards the red points are used
to scan new ID cards confirm the person
has voted and report back to the ruling
party which controls the distribution of
badly needed food subsidies
the United States - says it won't
recognize medoras government and will
explore new economic sanctions against
Venezuela with allies at Monday's g20
meeting in Buenos Aires issued a swift
response better man in the permanent
aggression of the Ku Klux Klan
government of the United States against
the people of Venezuela is very
discredited they can't go around
thinking they're rulers of the world
their declarations are demonstration of
desperation but medoras bravado won't
reverse a crippling economic crisis that
millions of Venezuelans blame on the air
- ovo cherishes revolution you see a
human al Jazeera Caracas
