Taliban recently resumed its spring
offensive with multiple attacks and
bombings it's making territorial gains
in Afghanistan and refusing to talk with
the government after almost two decades
of fighting what's the solution can the
Taliban be defeated this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hoshi mahabhava Afghan President Ashraf
Ghani offer Taliban unconditional talks
in February of the group responded by
intensifying its attacks it launched its
Spring Offensive last month and stepped
up its campaign against the government
since then there have been attacks in
different parts of Afghanistan
Jennifer glas reports from fala city
while security forces recently pushed
back an offensive by the Taliban four
days after the Taliban had them calling
for reinforcements the Afghan military
in ferocity was lined up for a parade
the ministers of Defense interior the
head of the Intelligence Service and the
NATO commander are here to see what
happened the provincial governor Abdul
Bashir Solanki said the army and police
fought well and afghan special forces
and international air and ground support
came when called for but the residents
here didn't agree 'no Mottola Betar says
he lost two brothers in the fighting
he says local forces fought alone for
eight hours before reinforcements could
come while some officials fled with
their bodyguards Jamila almani says all
the women could do was pray the Minister
of Defense says it's the government's
job to hear criticism but says his
forces are fighting against 20 terrorist
groups some supported by neighboring
countries that Afghanistan is the
frontline against terrorism no keith's
roshan told the nato commander a big
problem is corruption on all sides that
not everyone wants peace we start with
having the right leaders and I agree
with you some leaders did a good job
some denied this city of more than
50,000 people looks like it's getting
back to normal but the people are
nervous they don't want another Taliban
attack there was no sign of fighting but
a military convoy ferry journalist
through the town on a brief visit
the streets are mainly deserted I'm not
many cars motorbikes around but
certainly signs of life some shops and
marketplaces are open a real signal of
progress I saw Chuck's full of supplies
coming into town the Ministry of Defense
says six other provincial capitals are
at risk of attacks from the Taliban the
military with help from US forces may
have prevailed here in ferocity but
there is likely a long summer of
fighting ahead
Jenifer glass al-jazeera veracity the
Taliban was asked from power in 2001
following the US invasion of Afghanistan
but the armed group didn't go away
instead it's been expanding its control
on the ground
a report by Seaguar Special Inspector
General for Afghanistan reconstruction
found that last year alone Taliban took
another five percent of government
territory and as of November the
government could only claim to have
control or influence in fewer than 60%
of districts and that was significantly
down since 2015 the year after the US
and UK and their combat mission Taliban
is now back in parts of Helmand province
where some of the bloodiest battles were
fought let's now go to our guests
joining us in Kabul Habib bordick
national security analyst in Washington
DC Omar Samet former senior adviser to
the chief executive of gana Stan
Abdullah Abdullah and in Dublin Michael
sample visiting research professor at
Queen's University Belfast is also
former deputy EU Special Representative
to Afghanistan warm welcome to you all
let me start by asking mr. Habib or doc
this why there has been so far no
success of progress in establishing
political talks between the different
parties in Afghanistan well I don't
think the Afghan government and its
international and allies understand who
are they fighting enough
Stan they will have contradictory
statements coming from them every now
and then the the African government the
presidential palace will say that it's a
proxy war and talibans all proxies of
the Afghan neighbors now we have the
peace council and in Kabul that is whose
job is basically to bring in the Taliban
into the peace and negotiating table now
if you believe that this is a proxy war
and Taliban or proxy then why are we
even talking to the Taliban why not talk
to the Masters of the proxy and if we if
we are to believe the Taliban or Afghans
it's a local insurgency then this idea
of having a High Peace Council dedicated
to bring in Taliban into negotiating
table will make sense mm-hmm I think
it's it's very important for for the
Afghan government as well as the
international community to understand
who Taliban or really are you know who
are they I see a poet mr. Ansel anomalus
we we don't really understand that mr.
Samet the president Ashraf Ghani has
offered unconditional talks with the
Taliban however that didn't work why do
you think so well it's odd and somewhat
tragically funny that after 20 years we
claim as a Franz and then our
international colleagues as well that we
don't know who the Taliban are who they
represent whether their proxies whether
their local insurgency I would say that
it's a mix of different factors that
have played into this and every
stakeholder is obviously pursuing their
strategies in their interests depending
on one day using it as a proxy one day
claiming that it's an insurgency so
there's confusion obviously because this
is the nature of this particular
conflict as far as your question is
concerned I think that the Olive Branch
that I should have already extended to
the Taliban recently which was probably
the most generous so far in terms of
allowing the Taliban to come back to
honnest on reset will be safe and even
take part in politics in the country's
politics and discuss issues that have to
do with constitute the Constitution or
amendments or anything like that has not
been accepted or welcomed it has been
there has been total silence but at the
same time on the ground the reality is
that the Taliban have unleashed probably
one of the most ferocious offensives
against the Afghan government as well as
their backers and this has led to many
many lives being lost especially among
civilians even as it has hurt
Afghanistan and it has created a
unstable situation where Trust which is
so important to any type of peace
building has eroded and there is very
little trust nowadays Michael before we
go into the details of the political
process in Afghanistan and the way out
of the conflicts in Afghanistan is there
any genuine appetite for political talks
from the different parties from the
Afghan government from the international
community of the Americas in particular
and from the Taliban on the Taliban side
the the Taliban leadership has
consistently declined all invitations to
negotiate with the Afghan government
they claim they like to sit down with
the Americans I'm not sure if that's
even a genuine desire I think we can
conclude that the Taliban leadership for
now believes that it can improve its
position by continuing the fight the
Afghan government has made a a series of
of offers and sends efforts to try and
to get the Taliban into talks I'm sure
that they they do want to see talks in a
negotiated end but you know it's not
perhaps quite so clear how how far they
are prepared to compromise or indeed to
to be creative in finding ways to bring
this about as for the Americans they
this war isn't isn't breaking the bank
in the US but it's inconvenient and I'll
helpful for them they would like to see
an end
to this conflict Habib you are basically
saying at the beginning that the problem
is to define first of all weather and
determine whether the Taliban are a
proxy or not but the at the same time
the Taliban consider the government a
puppet administration which is
manipulated by the Americas therefore
they say that we will only talk
ultimately with the Americas not with
the government yes both sides consider
each side illegitimate that's that's for
sure but but if we if we are really to
talk about peace in Afghanistan I think
none of the sides are very genuine about
having peace in Afghanistan if you look
at the government of Afghanistan they
have set up this this cosmetic Council
called the Afghanistan High Peace
Council and all of those members of the
Peace councils or people who were
directly or indirectly engaged with the
Taliban and then if you look at the
Taliban side you have those hawkish
Taliban who were taking orders straight
from from from organizations or nation
states outside of understand for all was
a good example it had nothing to do with
Pharaoh or the Afghan people it had to
do with water if you look at it none of
the sides are genuine not the Afghan
government not the Taliban you have you
have people within each sector who have
vested interests and war not in peace
and and this is what makes this this
Afghan war invincible it has been going
on for the past 18 years and probably it
will keep going on for a lot of more
years until and unless you have genuine
intentions you have people you need to
have people in the High Peace Council
who are fair who are neutral who are not
part of the Afghan conflict who can then
do all of the confidence measure or
confidence-building measures that we
talk about who could then maybe have the
environment of a temporary ceasefire
which could then pave the way for for a
sustainable peace spoken moment I don't
think none of the sides also okay
dedicated to to have a sustainable peace
in Afghanistan Omar after almost 17
years country Seberg done in the same
vicious cycle of violence the Taliban
are expanding their influence government
is seen as inefficient battling
corruption of all sides of the of the
branches of the government what do you
think should be the first genuine
practical step to be taken in the near
future to start a real political process
in Afghanistan well we are in the middle
of a policy that is being implemented as
you remember last year the u.s.
announced its South Asia policy and it
has some very specific objectives to
meet the Afghan government has been
talking about fighting and also being
willing to talk you know they are on
conflict which is now again is it's more
than twenty years old it's not just
since what the United States came and
this fight was going on before 9/11 and
there were no there was no us there were
no other countries that were very
heavily involved even though it has
always been it has always had a regional
flavor to it but look at it there's one
part of it which is to some extent
organic meaning that it is Afghanistan
related and there are issues amongst
Afghans that have to be resolved and
Afghans have to talk to each other about
that but then unfortunately in your
other guest or lying likely ethnic
divide for example might warfare going
on mm-hmm like the ethnic divide is
something that ethnic divide is a very
divisive tool that is used by those who
think that by prodding one ethnicity
against the other they can have their
interest met and Afghans can embed it or
be engaged in battle amongst each other
I think I don't consider the Afghan war
as being an ethnic war I don't think
that it the Afghan people whether in one
ethnicity or the other or the other
would like to be engaged or have ethnic
warfare claims I think that yes if
nestea plays a role at a certain point
but it's a tool that has been used with
by outsiders to to put to prod Afghans
against Afghans but the other side is
that yes this is a regional there are
there are regional implications and
dimensions to this war not even regional
even going beyond regional it's not just
the neighbors and I think that I've
honest on risks risks becoming another
battleground and what we need to
do first to get you a question as we
need to prevent Afghanistan from
becoming another major proxy
battleground mm-hmm mr. mica I mean
before we get we go into the regional
implications the presence of I the
Islamic state in Afghanistan and so on
and so forth
Rahman was talking about the ethnic
element in this story which is basically
the ongoing divide between the tasks and
the bastions if this continues if this
divisive issue continues how do you see
the future of the country from our
discussion so far I think it's it's good
that you know we've we've laid it out
there that there is a conflict economy
with lots of lots of actors on both
sides of this war who see an advantage
seek root profit and continue the
fighting that's true however I think we
should also look towards the common
ground which is the majority of our
fronds and that includes people who are
lined up on the Taliban side and those
who are broadly aligned with the
government and they know that this war
is hurting them they know that there's
no prospect of a here of a decent life
in Afghanistan until they the war is is
ended and yeah that give you some pretty
strong common ground there is real war
fatigue on on both sides of this and
nobody is fighting to split off from
Afghanistan even if there's some ethnic
ethnic elements to politics in
Afghanistan this is as omer is exactly
right to say this is not an ethnic
conflict they there actually is a
significant amount of common ground
between the parties in this conflict and
if we see some more creative approaches
to to peacemaking you know the prospects
for Afghanistan actually are pretty good
mm-hmm
happy you've been mentioning the
original implication of the of the
conflict basically the the Pakistani
influence in Afghanistan what can the
Afghan government do to try to engage
the Pakistanis to help bring about a
permanent solution to the problem in
Afghanistan well up to 2014-2015 it was
working 15 you had just the Pakistanis
but I think it's the problem is now much
more complex than than married Lee
looking at Pakistan you have Iran and
and Russia who have who who are equally
engaged into the African conflict now
Farah was a good example yet again a
week back but I was on the verge of
being collapse just like condos
collapsed twice years back for hours was
a very good a classical example to to
Taliban being used as proxies by Iran
primarily they have differences with the
Afghan government or the Afghan nation
over water that that that that flows
into Iran it's it's the problem is now
beyond Pakistan the Russian Federation
has their own reservations we Iranian
government have their own reservations
and that goes beyond water is for
example and I think the Afghan
government has sort of not done much
doing to to sort of have that
confidence-building measures with the
Russian government and the Iranians to
make them to persuade them not to to opt
the the policy what Pakistan had opted
for years and this is I think where the
failure comes in and and this is where I
think it kind of becomes more complex
and this is a trump card for for the
tolera see because the they're looking
for for nation states beyond Pakistan
and and I think the government hasn't
done much in this aspect you mr. Homma
you were you were a diplomat and you
know the regional implications the
Iranians the Pakistanis the Indians the
Russians recently what can the
government do to look into all those
conflicting agendas at the same time to
try to give reassurances to all the
parties involved in the Afghan conflict
that their interest would be safeguarded
in exchange for permanent solution to
the crisis well just to start off I want
to say that when in government or
outside government over the last 17
years or so I have been witness to the
Afghan government genuinely really
leaning all the way back to a car
did many of the demands that our
neighbors have and they have gone out of
their way to try to reach out to
Pakistan especially and to others as
well nowadays maybe maybe not enough but
I think more needs to be done I don't
think we're doing enough on the
diplomatic front I don't think it's just
the Afghans the Afghans are probably a
weak link in all of this I think the
international community as a whole the
United States especially needs to do
more on the diplomatic front while
fighting is going on
unfortunately fighting is going on
because we are being attacked the Afghan
people are being attacked and they have
to be defended at any cost and we have
to go after the hubs of terrorism and
violence that are inside and outside of
Afghanistan without going after these
hubs of violence inside and outside
Afghanistan I don't think that we can
change the modalities and everybody is
going to be caught up in all of this but
eventually we have to come up with a
concept of a peaceful have honnest on
deserves everybody everybody's interest
at least is not a threat to anybody's
and entreaties and that formula hasn't
shaped up yet and I think we need to
work on that formula
okay Michael the Russian envoy to
Afghanistan has said basically that by
not talking to the Afghans the Americans
put the whole region in a dead-end how
do you see the comments of the Russian
envoy who's been really critical of the
u.s. policy in Afghanistan saying that
we've done that in the past we have
thousands of Fighters we lost many and
that the Americans need to listen to be
honest I'm not quite sure what the point
is they you know I think all of us can
agree that a stable peaceful Afghanistan
is first of all good for the the people
of Afghanistan Afghanistan itself it
will be helpful to the the countries of
the region in pursuing their own
legitimate objectives and of course
while they'll be quite a sigh of relief
in the international community if we saw
that peaceful Afghanistan you know they
the point is making progress towards it
and just sniping at other actors is not
going to help in that I think that
there's a risk of allowing this to
become too complicated by worrying about
all the
the others are the proxy relationships
with Pakistan with Russia and Iran the
point the point is to take the Taliban
seriously to take the politics of the
the Taliban seriously to look for more
creative ways to try and get the Taliban
involved in a political process and
along the way of course as you as Omer
was was rightly pointing out there
taking the the security piece seriously
made the Taliban have launched a deadly
offensive and the that Afghan security
forces backed by their allies have got
to be effective and pushing back against
that so they Afghan people need to be
defended from the security threats they
face now and we need we need a serious
political process engaging the Taliban
happy about the conflict drugs are we're
getting into new dimensions now the
Islamic state is launching those daring
attacks at the heart of the capital
Kabul in different parts of the country
how this how do you see the future of
the country there's no political
solution to the problem I think what we
have in Afghanistan the national unity
government it's a it's a complete
failure they have lost more ground than
then in the past 15 years we have more
civilian casualties the latest sigar
report states states that we have 10%
decrease in our Afghan national security
forces the the poverty rate has has
hiked up to 54% from 38% and basically
they're not doing much they're not doing
and containing Isis in Afghanistan
they're not doing much in containing
Taliban they are expanding yet we call
it a stalemate I don't know why do we
call this a stalemate we have just heard
that we have lost two districts and
Ghazni province we were about to lose
the whole western Farah province a week
back
we have district Rosten and just John
and farri of oriab when we talk about
sovereignty nation-state and sovereignty
we are losing that I don't know why we
call it a stalemate I think this is this
is time I know it's buckle up where the
national unity government needs to
buckle up they need to give up this pity
politics that they are involved in and
and really focus on the security of
Afghanistan the Afghan people we have we
have civilian casualties that that are
completely
I'll have to get to know and yet we are
busy and Pt politician show those to
members and those to members and and and
presidential palace care busy whether we
need to put Afghan on citizenship cards
or not I have one question for
embarrassing I have one question for
Omar AMA the American is sending more
troops do you think that a military
option is still a viable option given
the fact that we've seen thousands and
thousands of international forces in two
thousand seven eight nine ten the
outcome the same the Taliban still have
the upper hand it's I don't think it's
the numbers that really count it's it's
the intention and how you use these
elements whether they're foreign or
whether they're Afghan obviously
security is it is is a major concern is
the number one concern and it means that
we have to do what it takes to make sure
that the situation does not get worse
and having said this it has to be backed
by a strategy that leads us towards
solutions that leads towards whether
it's political solutions there's
economic issues in the country that are
very severe there are regional issues
that have to be dealt with and it's a
complex situation but at the same time
yes we have to take baby steps in order
to advance the cause of peace but the
cause of peace cannot be served just by
talking about it and by having people
gather around the table we have to know
what they want and how to resolve some
of the issues that are asserting and
make sure that each player understands
that they have a role to play in all of
this now the unity government has issues
but you need to government thank you
there's no immediate alternative to that
I said one shouldn't be really
discussing things that that are not
immediate almost summit have a board up
Michael sample thank you very much you
did we're running out of time but
definitely looking forward to seeing you
in the near future to continue our
discussion about Afghanistan in this
future and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website aljazeera.com
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ insight sorry from me Hashim about
the whole team here
bye for now
