foreign band akka boatman jean-antoine
the Ebola threat seems very distant
others in his town may have been struck
down by the virus but the river Congo is
his life and life must go on nightly
mother Johanna personally I've never
seen anyone die afore grown up we are on
our boats on this river every day we go
to the villages far away to get clients
we really know nothing at all about this
Ebola epidemic here in Amman Dhaka there
are thousands who work and live on the
river Congo it snakes through four
countries that could make it easy for
someone carrying the virus to spread it
even further I don't know how to protect
myself against Ebola only God can
protect me from this illness we work on
the water we eat fish from the water we
heard there were cases of Ebola here but
no deaths yet at the nearby hospital
staff are trying to keep people informed
encouraging people to wash their hands
to touch each other as little as
possible and to avoid meat which could
have been infected the hospital
struggles to meet global hygiene
standards but aid workers have set up a
makeshift Ebola isolation ward an
experimental vaccine is among others
being flown to the DRC if all the
victims are said to have the right to
refuse it if they wish but the
government says it could help to stop
the virus spreading what is important is
that Ebola is an extremely contagious
and deadly disease the vaccine will help
to break the chain of the spread of the
epidemic I think it will really allow us
to stop the spread of the disease and
control it more than a million people
live in Ambon Dhaka it's a hundred and
fifty kilometers from the smaller town
of Bakura to the south for the most
recent outbreak began despite all the
precautions the biggest enemy in the
fight against Ebola could be a lack of
understanding Rob Mathison al-jazeera
