Chili's bishops have returned home after
an emergency meeting with Pope Francis
to a country in shock both by the child
sex abuse scandal there's rocked the
Catholic Church and also that all 34 of
its bishops both of the Pope their
resignation something the Vatican has
never seen before
hopefully the Pope will accept all their
offers of resignation because they
protected themselves and held on to
power at the heart of the scandal is
father Fernando care oedema
he was accused of sexually abusing young
boys over several decades now in this
home for the elderly he denies the
charges
others such as Bishop Juan burrows are
accused of covering up his alleged
crimes the Pope on a visit to Chile
earlier this year defended burrows then
admitted him wrong to do so if he
physically no it's difficult that the
same people who caused this crisis will
solve it the bishops the day before they
met the Pope said they hoped he would
enlighten them as though being with him
would convert him from criminals to
examples of goodness the Pope has
released details of the investigation he
ordered and has personally apologized to
some of the victims however the Catholic
Church remains an intrinsic part of
Chilean society and believers will keep
coming to church only now they're asking
who is taking the service and they're
demanding fundamental changes right from
the very top
the victims and those campaigning with
them say the church hierarchy had until
now refused to listen to them now that
it has their battle to rebuild faith
trust and confidence in Chile's Catholic
Church has begun let me be clear my
randito
the victims have told us that the battle
they were fighting was impossible them
against the church it looked as though
they were outside the church attacking
it the truth is the victims were always
right always and thanks to their
determination their faith they warned
that for us is a tremendous example this
is the cathedral in the southern Diocese
of a sword North where kamberis was
appointed bishop by the Pope in 2015
despite many in the congregation warning
he'd failed to speak out about child
abuse they boycotted this building in
protest but now they're back
relieved vindicated but with a great
deal of healing and rebuilding still to
do
Daniel shrine their aljazeera Santiago
