seventy seconds for 70 years 70 years of
Exile dispossession and death 70 years
of a lost land and statelessness 70
years of the Nakba your watching an Al
Jazeera news special with me Peter Dhabi
it's 18 hours GMT Tuesday May the 15th
and it was this day in 1948 when
Palestinians lost their homeland when
the State of Israel was created
in this al-jazeera news special we'll
take you through how it all began and
where we stand today the vision of both
the Palestinian people and the Israelis
and how external factors have played a
major role in the stalling of any
potential peace deal the Oslo Accords
are dead and given the events the last
few days what is there left to build on
as 70 years of the Nakba is marked we've
seen protests all over the occupied
Palestinian territory the call for a
right of return has grown louder in the
last few weeks as people in the besieged
Gaza Strip made their way to the border
with Israel dozens of people have been
killed in weeks of protests that were
met with live ammunition as fired by the
Israeli army now a political solution to
the occupation seems far gone as one of
the main mediators in the Middle East
conflicts the u.s. solidifies its
support for Israel by moving its embassy
to contested Jerusalem the decision by
the u.s. to recognise Jerusalem as the
capital of Israel has thrown into
question the Americans role in a
potential peace deal but it's also
cemented the stance of the Palestinians
on the ground who came out in their
thousands to voice their anger over the
past several weeks but when all is said
and done where does that leave the
Palestinians who are either internally
displaced or they continue to languish
in refugee camps across the Middle East
as the NAG bar continues and the people
rise in this act of resistance defiance
if you will al Jazeera will now examine
whether anyone is actually listening to
what they are saying the knack bar or
the catastrophe is one of the longest
ongoing conflicts of recent times let's
take you back now to how it began for
many Palestinians it was the 1917
Balfour Declaration that determined a
course of policy that led to more than
750,000 palestinians being ethnically
cleansed from their homes that document
established the land as a national home
for the Jewish people
this would merge with Zionism a
political ideology based on the belief
that Jews deserved their own State
there was a trickle of Jewish migration
to Palestine during British rule with
Jews making up 3% of the total
population but that changed when the
Nazis seized power in Germany in the
1930s tens of thousands of Jews fled
from persecution in Russia and Eastern
Europe to the shores of Palestine in
that short time the Jewish population
jumped to nearly 27 percent when the
British tried to put a limit on Jewish
emigration Zionist armed groups declared
war on Britain with the Second World War
now over in early 1947 the British
government handed over the Palestine
situation to the United Nations by
November of that year the UN had adopted
resolution 181 that recommended the
partition of Palestine into Jewish and
Arab States shortly after that war broke
out between Palestinian Arabs and arms
ionise groups from 47 to 1949 Zionist
forces destroyed more than 78% of
historic Palestine around five hundred
villages and cities at least 750,000
Palestinians became refugees but 15,000
were slaughtered in massacres and buried
in mass graves many of which are still
being uncovered today May the 15th 1948
became the official day for
commemorating the Nakba and it paved the
way for the creation of what is today
the State of Israel we have teams
covering this evolving story at all the
key flash points Allen Fisher is in the
occupied West Bank Hoda Abdul Hameed is
in Gaza but first we begin with Harry
Fawcett's who shows us how Israeli Jews
and Palestinians are reflecting on 70
years of divided history as with so many
places in this bitterly contested land
in it--had you can find in miniature the
story of Israel's creation and the
Palestinian Nakba or catastrophe today
it's an artist's village day trippers
browse its galleries eat and drink in
the restaurant that was once a mosque
awesome el-hadji was three years old in
1948 and ein hawd was his home the
village came under repeated attack
during the arab-israeli war his mother
carried him out in the final Exodus he's
lived ever since just a couple of
kilometres away from what for him
remains the family home unless you a
month ago well we haven't deserted the
area even for one minute but our new
village has no proper streets homes
built without permissions your land is
being used by them but you can't set
foot in it how are you going to
integrate in this life a b yahushua was
11 when the State of Israel was declared
as one of the country's leading
left-wing literary voices he
acknowledges the Palestinians pain but
for him the Zionist project answered to
needs a return home after 2,000 years
for a wandering diaspora and more
urgently a refuge following the
Holocaust in the Holocaust we had been
killed not for territory not for
ideology not for religion not for
material we had been killed like
microbes Yahshua though has been
dispirited by the changes in the nature
of the country he sees is essential to
the Jewish character an inexorable move
towards the political right spurred by
50 years of occupation and the failure
to reach the two-state solution he long
advocated I never saw such sentimental
fascism of racism if it were coming
recently from part of the valley for 40
I you see Ravi spends most of his time
considering threats from without not
within Israel as head of a prestigious
Middle East Studies Centre at Tel Aviv
University he regularly advises
policymakers there zone is not a state
like any other state it should not be
taken for granted
but the opportunity for Palestinian
statehood alongside he says has passed
you are using in the 21st century
notions of the 20th century it's too
late for Palestinians to demand for a
state now because you know I mean there
is a trump administration I am familiar
with parts of it I mean this is
which speaks about state - or autonomy
blues Israel's early identity was
closely tied to the secular socialist
Zionism lived out on the kibbutz the
socialism has largely given way to 21st
century corporate consumerism Israel
brands itself a high-tech startup
business nation the secularism is also
coming under increasing pressure from
the growing influence of the religious
right which for many non religious Jews
impinges ever more on politics and on
daily life so generations after those
who experienced the dispossession
firsthand how does a young Palestinian
citizen of Israel find her place for 17
year-old Rehim Saleh one way was to
organize a history tour of her native
Haifa to re-engage her peers in the
story of the Nakba my identity is very
personal and it's something that I've
created with the years and it wasn't
something that I took simply it's
something that I'm very afraid and
scared to lose as a Palestinian here I'm
always under this pressure to not be a
Palestinian to not feel as a Palestinian
to lose that part of who I am and I
cannot let that happen
ad yahushua has outraged some of his
longtime allies on the left by
advocating making West Bank Palestinians
living under military control in
so-called Area C full Israeli citizens
he denies its annexation rather a long
term path towards some kind of
confederation and a move against what he
says is apartheid and I put it in the
name of cancer like cancer when did
somebody say I have cancer
you don't regard about other problems he
had here the heart attacks you first of
all to stop the console awesome Abraha
says living the entirety of israel's
history within touching distance of his
home has killed him a hundred times a
day but it's also kept alive his hope
that he will one day return
ok let's speak to Harry now who joins us
live from Damascus Gate outside the
al-aqsa mosque compound and occupied
East Jerusalem unprecedented scenes of
violence today Harry more than 60 people
killed scores more injured of course but
quieter today perhaps where you are
compared to other areas that we've been
highlighting that's right I mean I think
in that piece we were trying to kind of
step back from some of the violence and
the extraordinary scenes we've seen this
week and indeed in recent weeks and try
and get a a gauge on how people have
experienced this 70 years and what they
think about going forward and I think as
well we're a long way from in all senses
from that the kind of demonstrations
we've seen in Gaza the kind of Israeli
response that we've seen in Gaza here in
Jerusalem on this nakba day what we saw
here just outside Damascus Gate just
outside the old city was a very small
protest only 20 or so people they were
sitting on the steps in the square that
I'm in now about three hours ago when
there was a protest scheduled to take
place even before it did a group of more
than that of Israeli security forces
moved in maybe 30 or so and they
surrounded them and then as soon as they
started to chant started to shout
Allahu Akbar and other slogans they were
very forcefully moved out young men were
pushed over and shoved and escorted very
roughly after steps and then there was a
moment where a woman protester tumbled
down the steps with one of those dudes
really security forces and again very
roughly handle on the ground and pulled
away so really although this doesn't
show any of the kind of drama that we've
seen over the last few days it does show
a much more typical experience of life
as a Palestinian living here in occupied
East Jerusalem just how difficult it is
even to stage a small protest on this
very momentous day for Palestinians
what's the Israeli media reaction to all
this been airing not just the violence
but also the neck bar itself well as far
as the Israeli media are concerned
they're not really focusing much on on
the 70 years of Palestinian experience
or or the Nakba they are though focusing
very much on what happened on Monday on
the border between Israel and Gaza and
how that contrasted with the scenes that
we saw in the US Embassy I was there at
the US the new US Embassy as well and it
was really a stark difference this this
group of US Congress people of us
Evangelos of really quite headily
celebrating Israeli politicians chief
among them Benjamin Netanyahu at the
same time as as what we saw going on in
Gaza was was playing out and the media
has been really reflecting that to some
extent of course the Israeli media has
been very much blaming the violence on
the actions of Hamas saying that that
what they call a terrorist organization
is using cynically the lives of its own
people to cover for their terrorist
activities but they did acknowledge as
well that splitscreen nature of what
took place that the headlines that the
front pages a lot of them did show that
the contrasting images saying that as
well those commentary that the Israeli
television stations were showing just
the embassy where as international TV
stations were showing both sides of this
extraordinary day play out and so there
is some concern as well as the
celebration of what has been widely
regarded as a huge political success for
Benjamin Netanyahu the Israeli prime
minister in securing the u.s. embassy
here in Jerusalem there is concern that
the image being projected to the wider
world and indeed the potential for
further conflict for further violence
and that Israel may get drawn into
something which in in the in the
language that was being used by the
commentators
which could really turn round this this
air of celebration that we've been
seeing in recent days here thanks Harry
al Jazeera Stephanie Decker and her crew
met a family in Gaza who were forced out
of their home in what is today Israel
they have been able to see their home in
decades which is just 10 minutes
away so the family sketched a map and we
travel to Ashkelon to see what had
become of their property he's my my
father and he was searching for our
grandfather grave this photo was taken
in 1984 36 years after the sewage of
family was forced to flee their homes as
the Israeli army advanced the town was
called al Majid L at the time known in
Israel today is Ashkelon the family had
no idea they would never return it's not
sister it's our life and until now we we
believe and we will believe and other
kids will believe that we belong to this
area to this point my father he did that
to tell us that here is your grant your
your home your house don't forget this
place because you belong to this the
last time mister swear Joe was able to
visit his house was 27 years ago he
hasn't been able to return since and so
we agree that we will try to find it he
draws us a map from memory this is the
house so the boss
we unlike the majority of Palestinians
can leave Gaza fairly easily we depart
through the Israeli controlled
eros crossing or baton we want to know
if the house is still standing or if
anyone's living there so we have the map
that mister swears you drew for us we
are now in Ashkelon and were to try and
find the house according to this map it
is south of the mosque we found the old
mosque that's where it is and according
to what he remembers this house is just
south of it a little later we think we
find the house we video call mr.
Swearengen to see if it's the right one
he's at work this is the house yeah this
is the house this is the house Ya Ya Ya
Ya Ya Ya Ya Ya Ya
this miss this is the door Marlo Marlo
the ground
we're was born oh no yeah this is the
door they change the door and which is
something there yeah how does it feel
seeing it I I cannot explain what's I'm
feeling now I feel very bad it takes a
while for him to take it all in he says
it's hard to see something that is yours
but you can't even go to look at it it's
very difficult for us all all people
here or refuses in Gaza they feel the
same thing and you feel that the
occupation is standing in your and your
chest
I don't feel well now because like I
cannot see peaceful because I feel very
bad it's not easy to explain Ashkelon is
an entirely different place from the
medal that mr. sewages grandfather and
father knew despite this he remains
convinced that either he or his children
or grandchildren will one day return
Stephanie Decker al Jazeera Gaza
well the memories of the Nakba are still
fresh in the minds of Palestinian
refugees from 1948 they may have aged
but the hope still lingers of a return
to a homeland Allen Fisher with one such
story now of a Palestinian from the
village of Zachariah in the occupied
West Bank it's been 70 years since she
lived here but Jamila alla yes II still
calls this home I remember living here
with my six sisters our four brothers
and our parents we used to have two
other homes here do you see the
pomegranates my father planted these she
was just ten when she was forced to
leave the village of Zechariah
near Hebron Jewish armed groups claiming
the land as their own Judean they came
after sunset while my brother was
loading the camel with barley they fired
a bomb at us it was a smoke grenade we
started screaming we went that way it
got dark and we were surrounded by
others fleeing with her livestock they
fired at us we ran and screamed
this house this story isn't unusual in
1948 more than three-quarters of a
million Palestinians were forced from
their home and every day since the
people have been hoping waiting for a
chance to return it's been a while since
you visited but she can't help but try
to make the police look better now she
lives on the edge of the daheia refugee
camp in Bethlehem built for 3,000 the
population and this packed piece of land
is now almost 15,000 her husband was
also forced from the village he took his
life savings and bought some land near
Bethlehem that was confiscated and the
settlement illegal under international
law was built on part of it Israel's
above the international law how many UN
and United Nations Security Council
resolutions did they ignore there are
now more than 150 settlements on
Palestinian land and they're expanding
not only are they getting bigger they
are building more and there they have
little sympathy for the immediate past
I think this land belongs to us before
the Palestinians even learned what land
is we own this land since our father
Abraham the Arabs spread this place
belongs to us they don't belong here I
think our returns home after 2000 years
of Exile prayers every day four times we
ask that we return to Zion to Israel and
to Jerusalem after 2,000 years of
expulsion
jameelah Allah yes he is old and doesn't
know if she'll walk here again but when
she dies she wants to be buried here to
return to the place she never stopped
calling home and Alan's live for us here
on this new special out of Ramallah in
the occupied West Bank Alan you've got
some developing diplomatic news to go
with this story for us this hour exactly
we've just confirmed in the last 15
minutes that the PLO representative to
Washington Palestine Liberation
Organization for the use of you not
familiar with the acronym has been
recalled and is expected to be in
Ramallah at some point on Wednesday this
obviously because of the incidents that
we witnessed in Gaza just over 24 hours
ago were here and
as they mark the end of Nakba the last
official event has just wrapped up which
was a torchlight parade through the
streets of Ramallah and throughout the
day there were a number of events but
today has also been marked across the
West Bank with a number of
demonstrations and confrontations
between young people locals who were
marking Nakba and also the Israeli
security forces we had a number of
incidents in places like Bethlehem and
Nablus and just outside Ramallah where
we were we've seen a number of people
being injured mainly by rubber-coated
steel bullets that were fired but also
the after-effects of teargas we saw a
lot of that happening over the last few
hours or so but for the number of people
who were also injured in live fire
incidents you would have thought after
what happened in Gaza they would have
been very rare but we know at this hour
at least seven people were shot one
person is critically ill after being
shot in the back many people as I say
were out to mark Nakba but they couldn't
help but ignore they couldn't ignore
what was going on in Gaza and they felt
they had to make the point that they
were angry about that as well can you
give us a sense Alan if you can how much
of the anger that we're seeing on the
streets today is generated not just by
Nakba not just by what the IDF have been
doing but primarily caused by that
recognition of Jerusalem as the capital
of Israel and those pictures of Jared
Kushner and Ivanka Trump they're
revealing the plaque well I think people
here have not really paid that much
attention to who actually carried out
the opening who delivered this speech
what they know is the United States
declared Jerusalem to be the capital of
Israel as far as many people here are
concerned that is against international
law it's against the plans to come up
with a final peace plan and Jared
Kushner may well be working on a plan of
some sort but now many people believe
that the United States cannot be trusted
excuse me there is also anger until
perhaps this time yesterday there were
many people who were upset with the
Palestinian leadership there was an
apathy almost
that they were going to come out and
mark Nakba because they felt they had to
but there was a concern that the
Palestinian leadership was ignoring the
worries of ordinary people that nothing
was happening nothing was changing and
Justin what happened in Gaza really
changed that it unleashed a new wave of
anger against not just the Palestinian
leadership but against Israel of the
United States who many people see as
Israel's enabler and also against the
international community because they've
heard so many times the condemnation of
actions that Israel have carried out
over things like settlements at the
right of return of refugees and know
what has happened in Gaza and yet they
see nothing nothing that changed the
lives of ordinary people on the occupied
West Bank or in Gaza and so there is a
fresh wave of anger that has been
ignited by what people witnessed not
just since March but particularly in the
last 24 hours so they are angry angry at
what's going on over the last 70 years
and angry at what's going over going on
over the last 24 hours
thanks Alan well Palestinian resistance
against the occupation has come in many
forms from popular uprising protests
stone throwing and armed resistance but
how do Palestinians come up against a
country that has a fully equipped army a
navy and an air force with the support
of course as we've just been hearing of
the United States what did the
resistance movement look like then and
what does it look like today
what are del camino' from Gaza it's been
30 years since he buried his brother
resonable Sisi still remembers the day
had him only 16 years old then was
killed by an Israeli soldier many
consider his death to be the spark that
lit the First Intifada in 1987 it was a
big deal because after that many youths
died in the following days the uprising
spread everywhere in Gaza and the West
Bank people took their destiny in their
own hands it's the same today
Hatton was no different than the youth
who are protesting at the border fence
under the threat of Israeli snipers
still throwing stones the symbol of
Palestinian resistance and an expression
of frustration against the occupation
and a decade-long blockade that keeps
them cut off from the world the idea of
resistance is something ingrained in the
Palestinian national identity but next
to the popular uprisings there's also an
armed resistance made of several groups
which have a long history when it comes
to the fight against the occupation
yes Arafat remains the icon of the
Palestinian cause but today Hamas in
charge of Gaza since 2006 has the
largest and best-equipped fighting wing
but most factions have also their own
armed unit the Popular Resistance has
its role and the armed one has another
role each have its tactics but we decide
when where and how we use our weapons
and when we should delegate the people
the two are deeply connected who will
protect the people in case something
happens
us and our weapons but many Palestinians
are disappointed by their leaders and
disillusioned with the poor results the
organized resistance has achieved so far
that's why ahmed saw that not his real
name is protesting a defense with his
weapon of choice a molotov cocktail
hanging from a homemade kite
the Israeli army calls them arson kites
but the most damage they would do is set
a fire across the fence in Israel stones
tires and kites are the way we express
that we are aware that our right of
return is legitimate this is a freedom
movement we don't have weapons but we
are not peaceful either it's a popular
uprising our weapons our willpower
awareness and education hope is all but
extinguished here in Gaza and in the
occupied West Bank except for the dreams
of all Palestinians young and old to
return to family homes in what is today
Israel but for now and for a brief
moment only the kites can catch a
glimpse of life beyond the fence but
Abdel Hamid al Jazeera Gaza and hora
Abdul Hameed joins us live now from Gaza
City what are people there now thinking
well what happens next
yes absolutely I mean we speak to young
people who are the border they will tell
you that they will continue going to the
border protesting hurling stones of the
soldiers on the other side even though
very few of these distills actually
reach the soldiers flying their kites
and making their voices heard they're
basically there because they think that
when they're there the border where they
are talking to the outside world and
that's basically their main message but
you know when you push them a bit
further when you speak to those who are
maybe behind them watching the youth
being so defined there is a certain
worry people are worried that they could
be another war very soon in Gaza and
mostly people are worried about what is
the future going to look like and many
would tell you they have no idea I was
talking also earlier to a doctor and he
was telling me that the mental health
here in Gaza has become a big issue that
over the past few years they've been a
rise in number of people who want to
commit suicide who trick try to take
their lives
or actually indeed managed to do that
throwing themselves for example from the
rooftop of their own house and he said
that that is a sign of how desperate
people here in Gaza are and he says the
worst part is when they come to ask you
when is this gonna end well nobody has
an answer for that and that is the worst
part for people to ticket and according
to the doctor it's because of that idea
that there is no end in sight to the
blockade to the misery to the lack of
future that these youth go to the border
fence knowing very well in the morning
that when they leave their homes they
don't know if they will return as Gaza
actually come back from the last
conflict back in 2014
it hasn't really fully recovered from
the last conflict ever since it's been
more isolated from the rest of the world
certainly more control the economy's in
tatters unemployment has increase and
especially hitting the youth you have
about 200,000 University graduates who
are actually sitting idly at home and
have nothing to do and surgery there has
been no political reconciliation between
mainly Fatah and Hamas there has been
extremely difficult there was vote for
that earlier in the year and that word
that hope was dashed after the attack on
the convoy of the Palestinian Prime
Minister well and then there's nothing
really else talk about peace with Israel
it couldn't be further away and now than
ever when you ask people here in Gaza do
you know about the Oslo Accords they
actually don't know about this Oslo
Accords they never really lived it they
don't know what they could what it could
bring to them and they say well when
they listen or they see on social media
and what is happening in the occupied
West Bank they don't believe that there
was ever a peace accord so certainly
no nothing has changed since 2014 if the
intention of that war was to put more
pressure on Hamas to have maybe the
people here stand up against their rule
well that did backfire that didn't
happen I told you have a lot of
criticism about Hamas you see you hear
that more and more and Hamas knows that
things are extremely difficult for
people here and it's extremely difficult
for the group now to control people here
but each time there is this sort of this
sort of events unfold like what we saw
on Monday along the border that enormous
are told that the people here in Gaza
had paid well certainly they do rally
more towards their leadership because
there's nowhere else to go there's no
one else to speak to and there's no one
else to listen to order thank you well
the names of the towns and the villages
which became Israeli a part of the
collective memory of Palestinians who
lost their homes in 1948 priyanka Gupta
Tracy's now how communities and families
were airbrushed out of existence during
the Nakba for a people without a land a
land without a people one of the
arguments made by European science
leaders to support the creation of a
Jewish state in Palestine Palestinians
say it was a phrase that sought to erase
thousands of years of the history and
rendered them invisible
some historians point towards a larger
Zionist plan of what's been described as
the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians
designed to empty the land of its people
more than 530 UMaine palestinian
villages were destroyed by jewish
paramilitary forces entire populations
were driven out of their homes they and
their descendants are forced to live as
refugees to this very day
Caesarea for instance was once a
thriving Palestinian village in Haifa
district but in February 1948 Zionist
forces expelled hundreds of people
Zionists hummina and Palma forces
torched and destroyed most of what is
now a coastal town by the Mediterranean
Sea and it was done while it was still
part of the British Mandate then the
and now the coastal village built on an
ancient Roman site was destroyed and its
inhabitants cleared off days after the
State of Israel was declared it's now a
small Australian beef settlement known
as Thor the port city of Jaffa was once
described as the heart of Palestine it
was the main trading and commercial
centre and hub for Palestinian art
theater and cinema in April 1948 Zionist
forces captured Jaffa
despite the UN Partition Plan
designating it as part of the Arab state
at least 70,000 Palestinians were driven
out Arab homes were ransacked and looted
Jaffa has now become Jaffa part of the
Tel aviv-jaffa
area British forces to play their part
in expelling Palestinians from the land
Tiberias is a case in point in April
1948 British troops evicted about 5,000
Arabs before they would drew from the
city Zionists perimetry groups capture
Tiberias soon after the same pattern
repeated itself in Haifa how can a
fighters captured it the day British
soldiers left at least 50,000
Palestinians fled their homes from Haifa
and neighbouring villages today there
are millions of Palestinians living as
refugees who for decades haven't been
able to return to their homes and their
land joining us now is Elaine Pepe the
director of the European Centre for
Palestine Studies he's also professor of
history at the University of Exeter Ilan
Pappe the Israeli line for the past 24
hours has been look this is being
orchestrated and run by Hamas and those
people who've died those people who've
been so severely injured are cannon
fodder for Hamas what's your reaction to
that well there's nothing new in the
Israeli propaganda it's full of lies and
fabrications we know that it's not the
Hamas that organized these demonstration
it was the young people of Gaza who are
desperate and had enough both of the
siege and the vision of a continued life
as refugees and the Israeli army
has been shooting mercilessly but
unarmed Palestinians before that and
will continue to do this as long as the
international community would not act
forcefully against these policies and
the ideologies behind these policies is
there a dynamic for Israel here and it's
this perhaps they it as a country as a
state it cannot accept the fact of neck
bar because if you accept the fact of
neck bar you have to accept the right of
return if you accept the right of return
in that millisecond of taking a decision
the Jewish state ceases to exist no
Israel as a racist state ceases to exist
at the moment it allows the right of
return to be implemented Israel
ethnically cleansed the Palestinian in
1948 because the very idea of a Zionist
state is to have a state as of much much
of Palestine as possible with as few
Palestinians in it as possible this is
still the vision of all the Israeli
political parties and all the Israeli
politicians the means of achieving that
vision have changed in 1948 it was
through massive expulsion since 1967 it
is through engagement and demolition of
houses and all kinds of other crime war
crimes and crimes against humanity and
what we see today in Gaza is part of the
same Israeli strategy that sees the
Palestinians as enemies as potential
terrorists and as the main obstacle for
creating and maintaining a racist Jewish
state that unfortunately the
international community in the last 70
years still legitimizes as if this is
can be also part of the world of
democracy human rights and civil rights
and when you're talking about civil
rights and democracy and human rights
what is it about Israel that stops it
admitting to or perhaps dealing with
another potential reality that a right
of return might be constructive it might
be
transformative it doesn't have to be
destructive no you have to understand
the nature both of the Zionist movement
that created Israel and and the
character of the state that this
ideological movement created it's a
settler colonial movement that created a
settler state very much like apartheid
South Africa there is no room for anyone
who is not part of the settler community
and anyone who is not part of the
settler community is a threat either
potential or real threat to the settler
state therefore their refusal to allow
the Palestinians to return is nothing to
do with the capacity of the country it
has to do with the ideological nature of
the country and there this is the main
reason not only for the policy that does
not allow Palestinians to return it is
also the same reason for the policy of
oppression colonization dispossession
and the incremental genocide that is
taking place now in front of our eyes in
the Gaza Strip Ilan pappé thank you very
much now it's been a day of diplomacy at
the United Nations in New York claim and
counter claim on the ground and among
the politicians on both sides of this 70
years of a divide but the real story is
about the people who live every day of
their lives with the reality of Nakba
here's their story in their words
in 1947 the Jews were attacking us on a
daily basis they came from one of the
first Israeli settlements and they used
to assault us and run my father brought
us here to the West Bank leaving
everything behind the house our property
our stocks of food we first lived in
camps we adapted and survived my name is
Sarah
Othman gibreel I was born in Yazoo our
village was mostly an agricultural area
we used to grow citrus fruits there we
once owned large areas of land which we
also lost along with all that we had
left behind even our stock of food oil
olive we left it all behind we have not
been able to return since then the last
time I was there our home was not in
place it had been destroyed we had all
hoped to return one day that is why each
of us still holds the key to our
property until this day we are all
hopeful that we will return we will not
falter our repent we will not give up on
our right to return the Jews are not
entitled to a single inch of the
Palestinian territories we are living in
Palestine and we will die in this
Palestinian soil now the rights of
Palestinian refugees and their
descendants to return home is one of the
key demands in the peace process and
remains a cornerstone of the Palestinian
struggle a demand on Israel when it
joined the UN in 1949 was that it would
agree to resolution 194 that's the right
of Palestinian refugees to return to the
homes and they left just the year before
but after the war in 1967 Israel
continued to deny them that right
instead it confiscated more Palestinian
land and forcibly displaced hundreds of
thousands of people the UN says
Palestinian refugees and their
descendants now number more than 5
million worldwide many still live in
refugee camps in Jordan Lebanon and
Syria to this day Israel rejects the
right of return believing it would
destroy the Jewish character of the
state Israel also says resolution 194 is
not legally binding
because it was a recommendation by the
UN General Assembly and not a demand
from the UN Security Council in 67 the
UN Security Council adopted resolution
242 now that one calls for a just
settlement to a refugee problem but for
Palestinians this has been a stumbling
block it didn't say they should be given
political rights or territory Bolivia's
ambassador today gave an impassioned
speech to the UN Security Council in a
special emergency session apologizing
for the lack of action over Palestine by
all nations welcome brother I said what
do you that this Security Council not
just in recent years but in recent
decades has failed the Palestinian
people and so as a member of the
Security Council and the presence of my
brother the ambassador of Palestine with
us today and through him I wish to ask
for forgiveness and say how sorry I am
to the six million Palestinian refugees
who've lost their homes in today living
camps
far from the lands that saw their birth
I am sorry that for years the promise of
the creation of a state of Palestine has
not been fulfilled I am sorry for the
more than 50 years of occupation and for
the continued increase of Israeli
settlements in occupied Palestinian
territory but the US ambassador to the
UN defended Israel's continued
aggression near the Israel Gaza border I
asked my colleagues here in the Security
Council who among us would accept this
type of activity on your border no one
would no country in this chamber would
act with more restraint then Israel has
in fact the records of several countries
here today suggest they would be much
less restrained
well Riyad Mansour is the Palestinian
ambassador to the United Nations in New
York speaking from the UN Security
Council he said the US was to blame for
continuing to allow Israel to kill with
impunity the Trump administration up
until today is refusing to listen to
what the world is saying
what is in the resolutions and
international law it refuses to listen
as a superpower which should be
defending international law and it's a
superpower that should be protecting the
Security Council resolutions they should
not close their eyes to the situation on
the ground the United States decided to
do the opposite they decided to
strengthen the intransigence on the part
of Israel
they decided to protect Israel from
international condemnation for their
accountability from any measure which
would rectify this unfair situation for
the Palestinians and their right to
freedom and independence this was the
most recent decision on Jerusalem
motivated by the right-wing government
in Israel to implement their policies
and illegitimate practices including the
broad daylight murder of innocent
civilians without any fear of
consequences because Israel has always
had impunity let's talk now - Robbie
Sibel he's a professor at the Hebrew
University of Jerusalem he's also
formerly a legal adviser at the Israeli
Ministry of Foreign Affairs he joins us
live now from West Jerusalem
Robbie Sibel welcome to this al-jazeera
news special on this necklace holiday
the critics of Israel are saying this
that Israel has done nothing to stop the
violence that's killed more than 60
people and injured hundreds more what's
your reaction to that we're seeing
another surge of the tragedy of the
Palestinian people because of their
leadership we taught you taught early
about 48 if in 48 the our leadership
would have accept the idea that Jews
also have a right of self-determination
they could be leaving leading living
peacefully today in fact all the Arab
armies invaded Israel in 48 we again see
Hamas using its population not for
building an economy not familiar Society
but if we're trying to destroy Israel
it's a real tragedy and I agree not but
it's a real trash difficult policy
dealing people
we could have seen a Paris vibrant
Palestinian state next to Israel but for
this they have to accept that the Middle
East is a Pulu pluralistic area it's not
a purely Muslim area okay where is the
evidence where is the evidence to
support your assertion that Hamas is
exploiting its own people here yes
we've seen the military claims that
Hamas is using its own people as human
shields there's no evidence of that we
are seeing people on the ground yes
young Palestinian men armed with tennis
rackets because they are so good at
getting the tear gas pellets back from
where they came they hit them with
tennis rackets that's not evidence of
Hamas propagating or running a military
machine as claimed by the Israeli
military well the answer is they've
their tennis rackets have been fire
bombs hundreds of fire bombs I've seen
the files themselves grenades revolvers
wire cutters this is not a peaceful
demonstration it was and they were paid
by Hamas and by the way an interesting
proof is today Hamas decided to stop it
and it stopped in other words they're
about 4,000 people today 40,000 years at
the turn of an instruction by Hamas they
have stopped the demonstration they can
renew it again if this is not a civilian
peaceful demonstration it's an attempt
by Hamas and they've won it in other
words they gain world opinion by seeing
casualties and I agree with you when you
see casualties it's it hurts but this
actually serves Hamas as purpose they
wanted to have a casualties to show to
the world it's a real tragedy for the
Palestinian people as it is for us Rob
Isabel we'll leave it there thank you
very much thank you well since 1948
there's been one tragic events after the
next one in Israel and the Palestinian
territory Laura Burton Manley has more
on the history of Palestinian uprisings
since Al Akbar well a lot has happened
since 1948 countless conflicts spanning
more than six decades have killed many
more people for Palestinians almost two
decades after an upper came another
tragic event al nook sir or the setback
after the 1967 war hundreds of thousands
were expelled from their homeland when
Israel captured territory in Gaza the
West Bank East Jerusalem and the Golan
Heights in 1978 numerous uprisings by
the Palestinian Liberation Organization
in the Golan Heights led to an Israeli
incursion into
Lebanon by 1982 the two countries were
at war in 1987 protests against the
Israeli occupation turned into a popular
uprising Palestinians held strikes young
people took to the streets it was the
first Intifada
it's rayul reacted by killing and
deporting Palestinians closing
universities and making mass arrests the
violence would continue for five years
then in 1993 Israel and the PLO signed
the Oslo Accords it allowed for limited
Palestinian self-rule in Gaza and the
West Bank
but when Israeli leader Ariel Sharon
visited the al-aqsa mosque compound in
2000 he set off another round of anger
and unrest by declaring one of Islam's
holiest sites would always remain under
Israeli control the Second Intifada had
begun over five years at least 3,000
Palestinians and nearly a thousand
Israelis were killed under a ceasefire
deal in 2005 Israel removed all
settlements and troops from Gaza but it
still maintains control of its airspace
waters and entry points and in July 2006
Israel launched airstrikes in Lebanon
and bombed Beirut
airports two years later the Gaza war
broke out Israel bombed populated areas
of the enclaves in what Palestinians
called a massacre Hamas shot rockets
over the border and Israel was accused
of unlawfully using white phosphorus
munitions more the 1300 Palestinians and
13 Israelis were killed history would
repeat itself in an eight-day war in
2012 with more than 160 Palestinians and
six Israelis killed but it was a 2014
bombing of Gaza which would have the
highest human costs more than 2,100
Palestinians were killed most of them
civilians 66 members of the Israeli army
six civilians and a Thai national were
also killed
now in October 2015 young Palestinians
were accused of a series of knife
attacks in the West Bank and Israel many
was shot dead by Israelis and within two
years attacks on either side had killed
at least 285 Palestinians and 42
Israelis well now tens of thousands of
Palestinians are taking part in protests
along Garza's border with Israel they're
calling it the great march of return and
their demands are simple the right to
return to their homes they left behind
in 1948 beverly milton edwards is a
visiting fellow at the Brookings Doha
Center she's also formerly the EU
special adviser to the Middle East peace
process she joins us from our studio in
Belfast Beverly Milton Edwards once not
picking up on a particular degree or a
strong degree of outrage outside of the
Gaza Israel border area to the
Palestinians feel almost completely
abandoned on this neck Barre day I think
that if you look at their demands for
rights and recognition you might
understandably see why Palestinians feel
so abandoned and alone because what we
can see is is that despite the atrocity
that has taken place or the allegations
of the atrocity that has taken place
what we haven't seen is any movement
from the international community to
grant a hearing to increase the leverage
to bring Israel and the Palestinians
together around a negotiating table to
debate and to reach peace according to
these to these rights 70 years on how
valuable our Palestinian lives if 50
Israelis had been killed in Jerusalem
yesterday say when Jared Kushner and
Ivanka Trump were doing their thing at
the embassy would the coverage have been
utterly totally different
no I think that we all agree and thanks
to the attentions of the international
media that every life is sacred and that
journalists independent journalists
human rights organizations and UN
organizations and as we can see from the
debates today at the UN Security Council
and in the General Assembly Palestinian
lives no matter how they're lost Israeli
lives no matter how they're lost in this
conflict do matter and should be debated
so that we can get further along the
road to a just settlement of this
conflict because without this just
settlement there'll be insecurity for
both sides and I'm sure that Israelis
nor Palestinians really want to look
forward to the next ten to a hundred
years without the prospect of peace on
horizon but Jared Kushner went away from
his prepared text when he was giving
that speech at the US Embassy in
Jerusalem he was talking about
supporting a peace agreement how can he
possibly say unelected though he is how
can he possibly say I support the
process for peace there is no peace
process and yet he's there doing the one
thing guaranteed to make the situation
worse not better
well again I mean Jared Kushner in many
respects is speaking for himself he
enjoys no official position in terms of
American policy on the peace process now
what we need to look at is the role of
the Americans in forums such as the
United Nations and the responses of the
rest of the international community now
surely we recognize that America by
making the move of the embassy from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem has broken with the
international consensus and questions
are being asked what we are seeing is
evidence that from other parties within
the international community including
the European Union major states like
turkey and South Africa that they're not
going to go along with the American with
the American needs and that they
themselves will make their own efforts
towards achieving some form of peace in
the Middle East understood beverly
milton edwards thank you so much for
your time here on al-jazeera that's it
from me Peter Dhabi and this al Jazeera
news special continuing coverage through
the coming hours on this network from
everyone on the team here in Doha and on
the ground and the palace
in territory and Israel thanks for
watching we'll leave you with some
images of the past few days days of
fighting death and injury days that had
changed the relationship between the
Palestinians and Israel undoubtedly
bye-bye
of
Jews prove themselves whittier than the
Arabs to profit by the British withdraw
in the fighting for Jerusalem the old
city was captured by the Arab Legion
elsewhere the troops of the new Israel
prevail
we are come with it do you accept to
give Manchester to some other people and
if you are American I ask you if you
accept to give California to some other
people
what if they accept the status quo
occupying Manchester by some other
people by the Chinese
lasse lon Robin nanana DAF hero and
hardener Juan Mata Athena al Maseeh
hinga well is the min here one put
sinister if one have dinner Victoria
version is that London was funny what
the trail mas here perhaps energy in
fill out a thin outer allow upon him
many of the people living in Gaza today
are refugees and they're demanding their
right to return to the really is a
feeling here that people have lost their
fear they get right up to the border
friends
absolutely nothing left to lose
you
