four days after the Taliban had them
calling for reinforcements the Afghan
military in ferocity was lined up for a
parade the ministers of Defense Interior
the head of the Intelligence Service and
the NATO commander are here to see what
happened the provincial governor Abdul
Basit er Solanki said the army and
police fought well an afghan special
forces and international air and ground
support came when called for but the
residents here didn't agree
Mutulu Betar says he lost two brothers
in the fighting
he says local forces fought alone for
eight hours before reinforcements could
come while some officials fled with
their bodyguards Jamila almani says all
the women could do was pray the Minister
of Defense says it's the government's
job to hear criticism but says his
forces are fighting against 20 terrorist
groups some supported by neighboring
countries that Afghanistan is the front
line against terrorism though keith's
roshan told the nato commander a big
problem is corruption on all sides that
not everyone wants peace we start with
having the right leaders and I agree
with you some leaders a bit a good job
some denied this city of more than
50,000 people looks like it's getting
back to normal but the people are
nervous they don't want another Taliban
attack there was no sign of fighting but
a military convoy ferry journalist
through the town on a brief visit
the streets are mainly deserted I'm not
many cars or motorbikes around but
certainly signs of life some shops and
marketplaces are open and a real signal
of progress I saw Chuck's full of
supplies coming into town the Ministry
of Defense says six other provincial
capitals are at risk of attacks from the
Taliban the military with help from US
forces may have prevailed here in
ferocity but there is likely a long
summer of fighting ahead Jenifer glass
al-jazeera veracity
