ahead of his meeting with the Chinese
vice premier Donald Trump gave
contradictory signals on the chances of
averting a trade war with China over the
course of a few minutes the u.s.
president congratulated himself for
hosting negotiations with the Chinese in
Washington and added this now will that
be successful I tend to doubt it the
reason I doubt it is because China's
become very spoiled the European Union
has become very spoiled other countries
have become very spoiled because they
always got a hundred percent of whatever
they wanted from the United States but
then just two minutes later there was
this I can only tell you this we're
gonna come out fine with China
hopefully China is gonna be happy I
think we will be happy there have been
many mixed messages from the White House
amid this second round of trade
negotiations even the composition of the
u.s. negotiating team was called into
question first it was reported that
protectionist White House trade adviser
Peter Navarro would not to be included
having reportedly displeased the Chinese
of the first round of talks in Beijing
and having apparently got into a
shouting match with Treasury secretary
Steve minuchin who is a firm believer in
the globalized economic system but then
it was reported Navarro would be present
and then there was Donald Trump's tweet
at the weekend he suggested the Chinese
telecommunications group ZTE Corp would
be spared US sanctions it had been
reported that Chinese officials had
lumped said to ease future into its
demands for a trade deal China welcomed
the tweet but shock was expressed in the
u.s. not only had ZTE been punished for
selling equipment that used sensitive US
communications technology to North Korea
and Iran in violation of US law but the
company was also seen as exactly the
sort of company Donald Trump was against
buying components from the US and then
appropriating the technology at the
expense of US jobs and some Hawks argue
national security
here's Trump's FBI director when asked
about ZTE we the FBI remain deeply
concerned that any company beholden to
foreign governments that don't share our
values are not companies that we want to
be gaining positions of power inside our
telecommunications network but Trump
signaled once again ZTE sphere
remained on the table in trade
negotiations media reports suggest China
might forego u.s. agricultural tariffs
in return for mercy
President Xi asked me to look at it I
said I would look at it but anything we
do with ZTE is always it's just a small
component of the overall deal and this
is the backdrop to the talks that are
due to continue for the rest of the week
Schreiber tancy al-jazeera Washington
