protesters pointed lasers and spotlights
at one of Australia's most famous
landmarks they were trying to stop the
Sydney Opera House from being used to
promote the world's richest horse race
called the Everest is this a symbol of
Australia and it's too important to be
commercialized the Opera House has
promoted the Olympics rugby and cricket
in the past but opponents say
horse-racing encourages gambling and
Cruelty to Animals have said they've had
enough they've drawn a line in the sand
and they have said that they are sick of
having the odds stacked against them
opera house managers declined the
application by race organizers for the
eye-catching ad but the New South Wales
government intervened and overruled them
saying the race is a huge tourist
attraction bringing in more than a
hundred million dollars Australia's
Prime Minister defended the decision by
state premier Gladys Belgic Lian to
accept the ad calling it a no brainer it
is done in good taste it's incredibly
toned down from previous versions and I
said that the good people of New South
Wales it's important for us to support
our major events it's important for us
to promote New South Wales but of course
to do it in good taste the Everest is
all set for Sunday but the premier faces
an election in a few months government
leaders who gamble to allow the
promotion may have put their money on
the wrong horse
Paul trader G on al Jazeera
