voters stand out in large numbers in one
of the busiest polling stations in the
capital Bujumbura they're being asked
whether they're for or against
constitutional changes that include
increasing the presidential term limits
from five to seven years some voters
told us it's their national duty but
weren't entirely clear about what
exactly they are voting for what the
political changes until and how they'll
affect their lives we woke up early to
vote for a piece of life we want to get
good schools hospitals and jobs after
this we'll trust each other more
there'll be no fear we'll be able to
serve our problems peacefully different
political parties have campaigned for 10
days the ruling party supports a
proposed new law which it says will
strengthen the Constitution opposition
leaders are worried that a yes vote
would reverse gains made following a
peace deal in 2000 that led to the end
of a long civil war where hundreds of
thousands of people were killed both the
ruling party and opposition are hope
voters are now empowered enough to make
an informed choice the voting process
here is pretty simple people are coming
in with their national IDs and voters
cards for verification then they get
this ballot paper the heading
constitutional referendum for the
Republic of Burundi then two boxes yes
and no for people to make that choice
but what is striking is that there
really isn't any question that they're
responding to Gabrielle banza we turned
an opposition politician says Burundians
are well aware of what they're voting
for when I teach a simple yes or no we
already went around the country and told
them what the issues are now they are
voting with their conviction from what
we have told them president pierre
incursions are cast his vote in his home
province of gauzy people we talked to
the capital say the ruling party seems
to have the upper hand and it's likely
the yes vote will carry the day just
over 5 million people have been
registered to vote interesting to see
now is a voter turnout
Catherine saw a al-jazeera Bujumbura
