these are all the things that Victor
oedema says he will need to take with
him on his journey a journey that will
see him go from being a resident in his
home country to a refugee in another his
family members have already gone before
him man a school I imagine everyone was
leaving so I sent my family to the camps
last year there they are in school and
here there is no food there is hunger
here victor is one of the dozens of
South Sudanese who leave every day five
years of war has displaced 4 million of
them that's a third of the 12 million
population 2 million have sought refuge
in neighboring countries such as Kenya
Mary at all and her daughter are adding
to the rising total I'm living because
of the hunger and my child is also sick
now there's no money to treat her and
there's actually no hospital were broke
out in 2013
less than three years after the South
gained independent from Sudan fighting
has killed tens of thousands and ruined
the economy there's been displacement to
the Kakuma refugee camp in neighboring
Kenya especially after July 2016 when
fighting between government and
opposition forces spread to the
equatorial region and some people come
from areas where there is no active
fighting because even if fighting hasn't
reached those areas its echoes
definitely have at least 7 million South
Sudanese are in need of humanitarian
assistance more than a million are at
risk of famine and in areas where there
is food an inflation rate of 120% means
daily meals are unaffordable for many
making the idea of becoming refugees
seemed like a better alternative the
capita state governments say while
people are leaving some are returning
because of
the economic situation they can't feed
their families they can't have mean
learning facilities as it used to be and
at the same time you see the people
coming back according to them they say
well this situation there is not
favorable
what is favorable for people such as
Victor and Mary is living in a refugee
camp until things improve people Morgan
al-jazeera capito
