a much-anticipated shipment arrives in
the Democratic Republic of Congo from
Geneva thousands of doses of the
experimental Ebola vaccine although
still not licensed the vaccine was
effective during limited trials in West
Africa from 2014 to 2016 more than 40
reported cases in the DRC including at
least three confirmed ones have sparked
fear of the disease spreading but the
country's health ministry says this is
not a mass campaign yet it's crucial to
plan the targets are first the health
workers but also those who have been in
contact with confirmed cases not just
alerts or suspected this is the DRC's
ninth known outbreak of Ebola since 1976
and the World Health Organization says
it's trying to contain the epidemic as
quickly as possible in challenging
conditions this vaccine is not a normal
vaccine it needs to be kept at between
negative 60 and negative 80 degrees
Celsius right until the the days of the
campaign the other issue is we're now
tracing more than 400 contexts of
patients and they've spread out all over
the the region in Northwest Congo so
they have to be followed up and the only
way to reach them is motorcycle Ebola is
one of the deadliest diseases known it's
highly infectious and has an average
mortality rate of 50 percent it's passed
on to humans through wildlife and then
spreads through human to human
transmission the worst Ebola outbreak
started in December 2013 in southern
Guinea before spreading to Liberia and
Sierra Leone killing more than 11,000
people a catastrophe the World Health
Organization hopes its vaccines will
prevent in the DRC Sahara zonka for al
Jazeera
