nacho Cotulla went to a training course
for journalists at the Argentine
Football Association but when he started
reading the manual given to him he
couldn't believe his eyes what I was
reading was wrong it was a list of tips
on how to pick up a Russian woman
I immediately tore the page out and then
members of the Association came into the
press room and asked for the manuals we
gave them back but I tweeted the page
which was sexist discriminatory and
ridiculous his tweet created an
embarrassing scandal that forced the
person responsible for making the World
Cup manuals to resign on Wednesday the
Argentine Football Association alpha
issued a statement which said the
material was erroneously printed so do
me a bogey so you're brilliant this is
my responsibility because I'm the
president so we ask for forgiveness we
need to take responsibility for any
offence because the AFA does not want to
offend women
we're inclusive the chapter in the
manual distributed by the Argentine
Football Association generated an outcry
among local journalists because it asked
them to dress well look clean and smell
nice in order to impress Russian girls
he also urged them to treat them as
someone of worth he'd even said that
some Russian women could be interested
in material things like money and
suggested them to be selective on the
streets people took the news lightly a
woman wants money not only Russians
she's my girlfriend from Colombia and
also wants money but this isn't the only
incident this commercial by a local
sports network sparked controversy and
was officially pulled after it aired in
addresses President Vladimir Putin and
says men in Argentina cry and touch one
another in football and that they know
that in Russia
gay rights have been violated over and
over again
Maryana carvajal is a journalist who
deals with gender issues in Argentina
she says the machismo culture is to
blame
el futbol is fun and really embrace it's
a male thing it shows that they don't
assume that there could be female or gay
journalists covering the World Cup we
see it in the songs they sing in the
stadiums and on how they cover it even
though there are female players and
supporters women are just not considered
a part of football its World Cup time in
Argentina but until now the passion for
football has not come out at its best
terasawa al Jazeera Buenos Aires
