tears on the red carpet from the cast of
the Iranian film three phases for the
man who should have been sharing the
moment Jafar Panahi still made it to kin
but he's been barred from leaving Iran
since 2010
his movie is a masterpiece the story of
a young aspiring actress whose chilling
video message sparks a rescue road trip
with panicky at the wheel it reveals
Iran's contradictory attitudes towards
actresses and is a subtle statement on
censorship this film is about to
prejudice the movies not a comedy it's a
very outspoken drama and if it has a
sense of humor it's a dark one we laugh
at it but also we sympathize with it
pana he has picked up awards for his
films in Berlin from Venice but in 2010
Iran found him guilty of propaganda
against the Islamic Republic and banned
him from directing films for twenty
years carrying the name of their
director the stars of Russian film Leto
marked Kirill Center but and it caused
absence with a pin
he was arrested before he could finish
his film charged with embezzlement but
supporters say it's his progressive
theater plays that deal with politics
and sexuality that authorities want to
censor
Leto may seem carefree a sprawling film
about the underground rock scene of the
1980s but in it musicians battle for
Authority's approval of their lyrics and
permission to perform
I would say this whole thing probably
happened because Korea is a very free
person he expresses himself very freely
and apparently someone didn't like it
it's fantastic when artists can express
themselves as freely as they want it's
in our country it leads to such a
situation the film festival and the
French government begged Iran and Russia
to allow the directors to attend but
with no success
instead the audience's here gave
standing ovations to the empty seats
where the directors should have been
both films have a chance of collecting
the Palme d'Or prize which would likely
give them worldwide distribution deals
shining a light on artistic censorship
Charlie Angela al Jazeera can
