sneaking out across the strait
separating Crimea from the Russian
mainland then rising high above the
water
Russia's new mega project has taken 27
months to build and cost some three and
a half billion dollars and 19 kilometers
it's now the longest bridge of its kind
in Europe the rail section opens next
year but as of Wednesday the road bridge
is working the opening ceremony came
with all the Hollywood style production
techniques and Action Man heroics
typical of a showpiece Putin event after
steering a truck across the bridge
Russia's president addressed and
enthusiastically patriotic crowd in
different historic periods since the
Tsar's time people were dreaming to
build this bridge then people came back
to this idea in the 30s 40s and 50s in
the past century at last
thanks to your hard work your talent
this project this miracle has happened
thank you very much my supervisor this
is a hugely important prestige project
for Vladimir Putin much of his domestic
popularity rests on the impression that
he's the man that reunited Crimea with
Russia that was a political connection
this bridge is an actual physical
connection it's certainly much needed
since Russia annexed the peninsula from
Ukraine in 2014
crimeans have struggled with patchy
electricity and water supply as the
Ukrainian border has effectively closed
goods and tourists could only come by
sea or air the bridge opens a vital land
route and an economic lifeline for
Crimea but it won't solve everything as
much of the world still sees Crimea has
illegally occupied by Russia Crimea is
still under international sanctions for
instance European Union vessels are not
allowed to call in Crimean ports and
this won't change probably for a very
long period of time and as a result
Crimea will still be largely ice
from the commercial points of view still
Putin will see the opening of the bridge
as a major success Russia has the
technological ability to mitigate some
of the consequences of Putin's own
geopolitical actions Rory challon's
al-jazeera Kerch Crimea
