repeated attempts to breach the
barricades outside Downing Street the
crowd beaten back by police the strength
of feeling against president retch up
type under one on his visit to London
all too clear at number ten with a red
carpet welcome that Teresa may herself
has been criticized for giving President
Erdogan an opportunity to discuss trade
ties as Britain seeks new allies after
brexit but a visit overshadowed by the
situation in the Middle East there is an
urgent need to establish the facts of
what happened yesterday through an
independent and transparent
investigation including why such a
volume of live fire was used and what
role Hamas played in events Turkey has
recalled its ambassador to both Israel
and the US and Israel has reciprocated
in London mr. Dewan called Israel a
terror state while the u.s. he said was
part of the problem rather than the
solution the situation is unacceptable
the mentality we have to shy away from
is saying I am strong so I have the
right this is the mentality led by
Israel in the region these steps taken
by Israel in our point to be or not
right Israelis an occupying power and
still waging terrorism but while
President Erdogan positions himself as a
spokesman for the Middle East and
defender of the Palestinians his own
critics and opponents say that this
London visit falling in the middle of an
election campaign is intended only to
deflect attention from human rights
abuses and increasingly authoritarian
politics at home I think many people are
just completely incandescent with rage
that our governments have invited one of
the worst human rights abusers in the
world a groundswell of opposition among
Turkish voters means the election is no
sure thing if he wins Turkey will move
from a parliamentary to a presidential
system handing odo and greater powers
if London was
indeed intended to be a campaign boost
as critics allege brought better than
pictures of tea with the Queen and honor
afforded mr. Edwin at Buckingham Palace
earlier in the day
Jonah Hall al-jazeera London
