we'll stay if you stay and if you stay
we'll stay
that was the main message from the
foreign ministers meeting in Brussels
trying to put the nuclear deal with
Tehran back on track but candy europeans
guaranteed business as usual under the
threat of huge financial penalties if
they break the sanctions imposed by
Washington I believe it's a good start
we're not there we're beginning the
process and we need to receive those
guarantees the European Union's foreign
policy chief admitted they needed a
solution and they needed it fast if if I
can use the metaphor that some raised
around the table we all have a relative
in intensive care and we all want to get
him or her out of the intensive care as
soon as possible it's the aerospace
industry in France that will take the
hardest hit when the United States slaps
its sanctions back on Iran Tehran agreed
to buy 100 Airbus aircraft and a deal
worth twenty billion dollars two years
ago although they're assembled in the
French city of Toulouse they contained
both American components and technology
it's a French Connection experts say
will bring Airbus a hard landing leaving
them open to punitive damages in
American courts even if the EU
implements any acts to cover or to
protect EU entities or members with
respect to their dealings in Iran such
companies need to make sure that they do
not have some sort of a nexus with the
US the French president has his own
special relationship with his American
counterpart but his ministers don't seem
to share it
it's Goodwin wait what do we want to be
do we want to be vassals deferring with
a curtsy and amount of decisions made by
the United States so that they become
the planets economic police could be the
planet coming on top of the threatened
trade war and tariffs transatlantic
relations with Washington are now at a
very low point there's a growing sense
of alarm in European political circles
if the nuclear deal cannot be sustained
the most
conflict prone region in the world could
well be in the middle of a nuclear arms
race
David cheetah al Jazeera Brussels
