thirty-five year old Palestinian Johnny
abou hideous oversees every detail of
the pita bread produced here every day
at this branch of the foo-foo bakery a
business's father opened in the occupied
West Bank town of Beit Jala in 1986 but
this is not the Middle East but Santiago
Chile
I came to Chile five years ago because
at home there is too much war too much
oppression from Israel here we are free
everything is pretty the doors are open
for us to come and to really live
Palestinians began migrating to Chile in
the early 1900s mainly from the
Christian cities of Bethlehem Beit Jala
and bata hood we've grown to become not
only the largest Palestinian community
outside of the Middle East but also
extremely prosperous and influential in
industry and politics as a community
they are fierce advocates of Palestinian
statehood with the support of most
Chileans as well as the government
Daniel Hathaway the high-profile mayor
of a municipality that includes
patronato
or little Palestine explains why Chilean
Palestinians remain so attached to their
roots the fact that we are part of a
nation that is in danger of being
exterminated
that's subjected to political genocide
on the part of Israel makes us United
and cohesive in the defense of Palestine
it's why we can't forget it and keeping
that memory alive is a new generation of
Palestinian Muslim refugees who came
here from refugee camps in Syria exactly
one decade ago unlike in most Arab
countries Chile was quick to grant them
citizenship and a passport and not
surprisingly many of them to have
settled here in patran ATO far the smell
him and her husband Amir admit it was
hard at first but now as they treat us
to coffee and sweets from their shop
they're happy to talk about their new
life with their two children no I have
Chilean friends and Arab friends too
now we celebrate Chilean and Arab
customs here your religion isn't an
issue at all I am treated well wherever
I go Santiago has a popular football
club called Palestine and a school with
the same name and while more than 13,000
kilometers separate Chile from the
Middle East here both the old and new
Palestinian diaspora seems to have found
a home that respects their culture and
embraces their cause as few other
countries have done you see in human al
Jazeera Santiago
