the Saudi general consulate in Istanbul
where journalists Jamaa keshavjee was
last seen entering by his fiance now the
center of so much attention from the
world's media to the annoyance of Saudi
consular officials and while the
Istanbul chief Prosecutor's Office has
opened the probe and asked for a search
turkey has become a sanctuary for many
opposition figures from the Middle East
since they are at spring of 2011 hash if
G's disappearance spreading fear amongst
them now they are asking the Syrians to
come and to confirm their being in
Turkey to be registered there once again
well who will guarantee us if we go
inside and we never get out the
vanishing of the Saudi is seen as a
clear warning to others even if this is
a matter of detention by the Saudi
authorities or perhaps we shouldn't
spare the word kidnapping of this
individual this still constitutes a very
serious breach of international law and
international diplomatic traditions the
level of interest among Turks is mixed
no I didn't know that because I'm not
following the news nowadays I don't
watch TV I'm really busy with work seems
to be an important person both through
Saudi Arabia and Turkey it's a subject
that must be well investigated but for
Arab tourists visiting Turkey the
comments are much more telling many
Turkish people are unaware of
democracies mysterious disappearance in
Istanbul but the incident is further
escalating the tension between both
countries relations have been strained
since Turkish government criticized the
kingdom's support for the military coup
in Egypt five years ago but for now both
Turkish and international media keep
watch at the Saudi consulate hoping to
get some clue about fellow journalists
images whereabouts
sinem que s√≥lo al Jazeera Aslam
