it's what every director it can hopes
for a packed audience but Muhammad been
a TA also hopes his story of a boy
abandoning his family to join ISIL will
be seen far beyond the festival wait
more I hope it will touch the Tunisian
audience first and then a wider audience
this is a universal theme everybody in
the world should see it can champions
arthouse cinema films made outside of
the studio system but independent cinema
this side of the Atlantic relies heavily
on European state funds of the 21 films
here competing for the Palme d'Or prize
15 received some European money it's a
lifeline for filmmakers but how does it
influence the storytelling producer Mae
O'Day is here hunting for funds for her
next project you need to let them unlike
the story so they can attach it to their
audience because at the end of the day
it's a state fund and in case in France
and Germany and also the film will be
shown in the their TV also and in there
cinema the Lebanese film cafe lamb and
Moroccan films Sofia were co-funded by
France and the Doha Film Institute an
organization trying to address the
balance by bringing Arab storytelling to
the forefront a way for us to survive
now it's to tell our stories in the way
that we want to tell our stories from
our perspective and not let anyone else
anymore to tell our story for us and put
us in these different stereotypes
stereotypes aren't what Francis CNC fund
is looking for but they admit some
writers do self-censor in an attempt to
win grants sometimes they come with an
idea of what global cinema is I spot
these scripts immediately they try to
cover all subjects and women's issues to
homosexuality and cram them into one
story like a tour operator of all
society's problems to those we say no
can choose its films for their what I'd
appeal but it's often an independent
spirit that wins the prize a spirit that
each country needs to celebrate and
support
Charly Angela al-jazeera can
