ambulance is carrying the remains of the
Egyptian Coptic Christians brutally
killed by ISIL three years ago they were
discovered south of the Libyan city of
cirith in October last year we sent DNA
samples to Egypt to compare them with
samples from the victims families but we
recognized them
even before we conducted the DNA tests
forensic experts tested clothes and
belongings to compare them with the
video released by ISIL in February 2015
the men will all be headed we've
rearranged and scanned all their
skeletons from the scale to the tiptoes
we have taken DNA samples and it turned
out that the cause of death in all cases
was that their throats were cut those
responsible for these killings may still
be alive and in hiding their whereabouts
unknown
despite isil's defeat its members still
pose a threat to foreigners and Libyans
alike dozens of people have been killed
by ISIL attacks in Libya over the last
four years the bodies of the Christians
have been flown to Cairo where their
families have been waiting to receive
the remains of their loved ones
after three years of uncertainty finally
some solace to those in grief Hamada
drew ahead al-jazeera Misrata
