he's my my father and he was searching
for our grandfather grieve this photo
was taken in 1984 36 years after the
sewage of family was forced to flee
their homes as the Israeli army advanced
the town was called al Majid L at the
time known in Israel today is Ashkelon
the family had no idea they would never
return it's not sister it's our life and
until now we we believe and we will
believe and other kids will believe that
we belong to this area to this point my
father he did that to tell us that here
is your grant your your home your house
don't forget this place because you
belong to this the last time mister
swear Joe was able to visit his house
was 27 years ago he hasn't been able to
return since and so we agree that we
will try to find it he draws us a map
from memory this is the house so the
boss we unlike the majority of
Palestinians can leave Gaza fairly
easily we depart through the Israeli
controlled
Aris crossing or baton own we want to
know if the house is still standing or
if anyone's living there so we have the
map that mr. swear you drew for us we
are now in Ashkelon and were to try and
find the house according to this map it
is south of the mosque we found the old
mosque that's where it is and according
to what he remembers this house is just
south of it a little later we think we
find the house WeVideo called mr.
Swearengen to see if it's the right one
he's at work this is the house yeah this
is the house this is the house yah yah
yah yah yah yah yah yah yah yah yah yah
this this this is the door Marlo Marlo
the ground
where was born no yeah this is the door
they change the door and they choose
something there yeah how does it feel
seeing it I I cannot explain what's I'm
feeling now I feel very well it takes a
while for him to take it all in he says
it's hard to see something that is yours
but you can't even go to look at it it's
very difficult to for us all all people
here all refuses and Gazza they feel the
same thing and you feel that the
occupation is standing in your and your
chest
I don't feel well now because like I
cannot see peaceful because I feel very
bad it's not easy to blame Ashkelon is
an entirely different place from the
marginal that mr. sewages grandfather
and father knew despite this he remains
convinced that either he or his children
or grandchildren will one day return
Stephanie Decker al Jazeera Gaza
