I am for me okay
codeine and tramadol there are some of
the narcotics Nigerian authorities say
people are using to get a cheap high so
today we explore the depth of Nigeria
substance abuse problem to learn how
officials are working to curb use and
prevent distribution of drugs on the
black market
I'm Malika be loud and you're now in the
stream live on al-jazeera and YouTube be
sure to leave your comments in the chat
and we'll try to get them into the show
but first here's yummy Kasim from the
courts Africa team who pitched today's
show I decided to follow up on the story
about opioid abuse particularly could be
now after the BBC documentary which
showed just how rampant it was and not
just how rampant the use of us but also
how easily accessible it was the
government has responded by banning
importation and production of codeine in
particular well that feels like a
knee-jerk reaction because there are a
range of other drugs that youth can turn
to if they so choose and abuse what
needs to be done is long-term thinking
trying to get rid of the open drug
market and showing that distribution of
drugs are properly regulated and also
ensuring the production of drugs prone
to abuse are also properly regulated we
have to think long term we cannot think
short term well-nigh June authorities
say the decision to ban codeine based
cough syrup was made independently of
the BBC's expose but they closed three
pharmaceutical firms temporarily for
failing to cooperate with federal
inspectors in the wake of the report now
some drug reform policy advocates
believe that the government must be more
proactive about addressing the roots of
the epidemic which they say our
corruption loopholes in the Public
Health System and rampant youth
unemployment so what steps do public
health officials plan to take next to
tackle the issue when joining us now via
Skype in Nigeria to help us unpack this
question
mojo Sola dia is the director-general of
the National Agency for Food and Drug
Administration and control or NAFTA olio
nuovo Toyin o deco is the chairperson of
the committee for codeine control and
other related matters working group her
committee suggested to the Ministry of
Health that a ban could help control
codeine abuse at a show La Bella
is the coordinating manager of the
Freedom Foundation which runs
rehabilitation centers in Lagos and in
United Arab Emirates Aruna Maher is a
journalist whose brother is a former
codeine addict welcome to the stream
everybody Runa Maya
welcome Runa as well okay Africa has a
story here Africa codeine syrup
addiction is an opioid epidemic that is
sweeping the African continent have a
look at courts here
Africa's desperate youth for getting
high on opioids and anything they can
get their hands on one more which I'm
sure many many people would have seen
sweet sweet codeine inside Nigeria's
deadly cough syrup tray that's the BBC
investigation that we mentioned earlier
Shahla with all of these stories that
are now coming out about drug abuse and
using of codeine and various other drugs
is this something that has already been
in the consciousness of Nigerian and
Nigerian healthcare officials you run a
treatment center for people recovering
from drug abuse or is this something
that is now being driven by the
journalism rather than by the health
crisis
I think it's been in the minds of the
you know government and the healthcare
industry for a while but obviously
because of the white you know range of
issues that has come as a result of drug
use and especially now with the youth
and you have social media which you know
sort of popularizes this use of drug
makes it even more pronounced and it's
it's becoming an issue that the
government is not trying to address what
we've learned the organization since
2006 and we've had a lot of experience
with drug a bit you know drug addicts in
the you know in the country but codeine
and tremor doll is you know easily
accessible so the increase is just being
enormous whereas you know when you
before were treating my Ronna cocaine
arraign which you know is not as easily
accessible as poutine and I think that's
has been the issue now and especially
because it's affecting the youth and
even younger you know children
we get calls from parents who find their
kids or 13 14 year old you know abusing
those drugs because it's easily
accessible you can get it at home you
can walk down the streets to a pharmacy
close by and you have access to it so it
makes it even more compelling to do
something in urgent Lee I want to bring
in this question from ole hae on Twitter
who says before we get much further in
this conversation he says fundamental
questions have to be asked first what is
driving Africa's youth into drugs and
why is the leadership in Africa not
doing enough and of course Africa is a
continent so that is a really big claim
there but there is one response from
sensible drug policy who writes in
substance abuse in Nigeria is the
symptom of the constant neglect of youth
centered institutions and is meant to
provide development and opportunities
the surge in drug abuse can be
attributed to unemployment poor
educational institutions and lack of
youth inclusion so a few reasons they
are in their view Rhona I'm wondering if
you would even agree with the assertion
that there is a surge and is this
different than any other thing a drug
abuse phenomenon that we're seeing in
other parts of the world yes yes and as
Shallah pointed out correctly it has to
do with social media and the Internet of
Things I like to call it so it's not
only fashion that's moving from the West
to Africa it's also drug culture it's
also a gang culture but more importantly
coding is seeing this surge because not
just because everybody is either poor or
not educated you tend to see addiction
even among people that are privileged
you tend to see opera opioid addiction
based on the fact that we're are not
here poor if you see somebody who looks
stylish or is presumed to be cool if
they are able to get drugs so easily and
they appreciate that right they are not
punished it's very easy for you to get
back on it that being said yes there are
problems I do tend to agree sometimes
that it's when people don't have the
chance to go to school but when you look
at my family we have the chance to go to
school
but one person choose not to go that way
so I don't tend to agree totally that
once they're assholes once there's
education then people will not turn in
people will not be added what is more
important is what you may have said it
needs to be difficult perpetually
to lay your hands on drugs of any sort
professor moody I'm just wondering what
stats do you have what do you know about
the extent of drug abuse that's
happening in Nigeria right now we
mentioned coding we also mentioned
tramadol I'm looking at here at one of
the polls from Nigeria and they have
marijuana coding and then alcohol was
the top three problems but that's an
opinion poll that's not a fad what do
you know professor Modi actually there
isn't a lot of research done in terms of
knowing the extent of coding or trauma
do you use part of what we are trying to
do in nab doc is actually to launch an
awareness campaign within the next month
that we take us to different parts of
the country we are using young
pharmacists all over the country that
are spread over these six geographical
zones to go to universities and
secondary schools and we're going to be
using the UNODC subway to actually
document the extent but from what I can
see as a regulator I believe it is big
however that is an adopter for example
we have about 33 containers of tramadol
that we intercepted after being invited
by the customs in Nigeria let's go back
to the fundamental problem knob duct
mandate is to control importation
exportation distribution
sale and use of drugs and food and other
chemicals
however NAB duck is not allowed to be at
the ports so that is part of our problem
because we have to wait until customs
invite us to come and inspect suspected
consonance sometimes before that happens
there are some continents that I might
have exited the ports
so the that is why I said that
you know anecdotally it is a big issue
if we can seize 33 containers containing
tramadol those are the ones that didn't
exit emoji it sounds like you're working
in the blood in in the dark you have no
stats no research that's right and you
don't know the extent of the problem is
this disastrous please go ahead he's got
a question go ahead yeah it's me Rona so
I was quite easy to hear about the ban
it was I welcomed it well what I've
noticed especially today because I keep
in touch with my sources and the price
of codeine has tripled so what used to
be around 2000 naira is now six thousand
naira on the street and as I understand
it part of your codeine ban means you
mock up and you recall codeine how is
that going can you tell us what you are
doing to actually make sure that this
does not turn into a black market black
gold and limited a six thousand IRA is
about 17 US dollars Scout Doha professor
dollars actually tomorrow we organized a
meeting of stakeholders the if you the
caption says ban of codeine however if
you look within the contents of that
news release the Minister of Health
patient in
nice release that's it can be prescribed
for those who I need in the US and in
Europe codeine is not available for
outpatients it is available for
inpatients only or emergency situations
so the fact that we the ban is caption
debates caption is actually good for
Nigeria meaning at a point the use of it
outside the institution's health systems
will be dramatically decreased but again
what Numa said in terms of the market
going on diagram is the reality so we're
going to put our heads together tomorrow
like the real time to discuss a lot
about this on how to have a road map but
meanwhile as a regulatory organization
or agency we've already put an embargo
on issues of permits because it is not
that that issues permits or renewal of
permits so there will not be any permits
issued and we've also put a hold on
manufacturing of codeine syrup in the
country until further notice so
professor Moe gee I'm glad that you
mentioned the hold on permits and also
of course the ban a temporary ban on
codeine I wanted to bring up a point
made by someone online this is on
YouTube watching live much higher says
the ban on codeine he says opioids but
Cody and specifically in Nigeria will
make it illegal it won't completely
eradicate the problem bullet but it will
largely reduce it there's someone who
has another perspective though on the
other hand HT Flores on Twitter says
corruption at local pharmacies allows
for a black market to exist alongside a
legal one lack of national direction
Nigeria creates a need for an outlet
among citizens thus an increase in drug
abuse and idleness professor Toyin
earlier we heard Rona also mentioned the
idea of a black market
know that you're working with pharmacies
to root out what this person says is
corruption there what are you doing
thank you very much actually the the
codeine control and other is Richard
matters working group suggested quite a
number of steps that we can use to
reduce the drug abuse and the
availability of pudding one has been
mentioned by the director of napa
profess mooji about the issues of
famines there are no committee will be
issued so that it will give us nor
clients to look at the quantity of
holding in the market the professor let
me just ask you this very candidly so
you yes i hear you i want to ask you
this candle so no permits will be issued
but does it matter if people were giving
out codeine anyway does doesn't really
matter i just want to be really candid
because the extent of your battle it's
quite extraordinary
so you're not giving out permits doesn't
make any difference whatsoever i really
like the big enough that's it we do not
have the exact quantity and you know
well with the ban someone wants to come
in through the black market so there's
the need for control of the issues or
cummings and then we'll try to map out
we have worked with a pharmacist consul
of Nigeria to try to map out these tapes
that would say to to recall the product
and then conduct an audit trail coding
contain across Europe is not supposed to
be a and over-the-counter medication
like it should be given when there's on
people that really need it why should be
given on prescription so that it's not
that it's not going to be completely
available
so those are really needed but it's you
try as much as possible to get the
distribution right remember so I wrote
my desire to drop packets is well known
we already have
these controls we already had
prescription-only professor really hot
were already happy that you do not get
cough syrup without prescription but
still we had this crisis what is going
to change because I can see Shirl
unloading as well yes yes my question is
that yes the control is you're putting
that in place now well we know that
codeine is all over the market in
Nigeria and I saw the documentary the
Swiss recording and there's a lot of
places where they have from the ones
they banned from or ceased from
different pharmaceutical companies that
is stored in different places in Nigeria
and I'm concerned about that because yes
if they may not be able to get it from
from ascitic companies or pharmacies
across the country but they can they can
go into those facilities and and seal
those product and use it so I really
want to hear what we're doing actively
to make sure that this drug yes it's
banned without prescription but at the
same time it is not accessible to people
because that's the only way that it gets
onto the black market what are we doing
with the pharmaceutical companies that
we have seen to be corrupt who are
killing you know with this issues on the
back end and they're selling this
product to treaty to use that needs to
be addressed quickly I believe that is
why we are using the multi sectoral
approach tomorrow we're going to have
the foremost pharmacist Council of
Nigeria represented representing the
council we're going to have the
community pharmacists we're going to
have the manufacturing group we're going
to have an DNA which is equivalent of
DEA in the u.s. so we are bringing so
many stakeholders together
however from our own regulatory
perspectives in terms of the recording
of the product that are already in the
markets we are stepping up our
inspection so that we're going to be
going into those companies to make sure
that they Rico
taking place we're going to be
monitoring 24/7 to ensure that the hold
on the drug substance itself and we used
drug substance and the products that we
has to exist within each company is the
way they supposed to be we got we are
stepping up nationwide from our
vigilance in a very very very effective
way in order to go through my markets
and we are through the markets and start
popping up in fact when you look at
I'm very sorry to interrupt but I think
this is just me coming from a place or
somebody who has a I'm not here the
journal is really I'm here as a
concerned sister to people who are you
know in this demography while we're
taking this coding of the market what
happens to those who are having
withdrawal symptoms there's people who
are 32 years old and starting a coding
habit what's going to happen to them
because already do rehab centers we have
don't seem to be not of course there's
the northern governors wives
associations who are getting together
wives of Norton governor's in Nigeria
getting getting together and building
rehab centers but what have we seen
elsewhere because I don't think what's
in the scale of that in the southwest
for instance and then work for the
coding working group was supposed to be
talking about the open markets the open
drug markets which should be closed by
the end of the year how are we working
on that please I'd really like to know
professor tie-in go ahead yes the open
visual the open drug market is very
important one of the key recommendations
we make is that the open drug markets
should be closed I think the pharmacist
muscle has been on it for some years now
and last year the Honorable Minister of
Health visited the traditional reliance
and stakeholders at this open drug
market in Carmel in a bar in Anita and
Lagos and they are being given a dead
of December 31st 2018 and a coordinated
wholesale sensors coordinated versus
centers are being built presently the
under construction where the dolls in
the rock market will be used and you
know have the coordinated of processes
interns will be in units or they'll be
proper monitoring proper documentation
proper and then of course you know what
they are selling and what is going on so
I believe if that will also reduce the
the drug Network
you know the networks this drug
distribution system especially when you
talk about the Pitt intent on
proprietary medicine vendor vendors
those with alliances which are the key
tenets these Souls professor joy I hear
what you're saying and and I hear the
strategy that you're laying out there
but I want to add one more perspective
to what that strategy should look like
so this is someone on Twitter who says
there's a lack of public awareness this
is a huge issue because most people have
no knowledge of how lethal the side
effects of these drugs can be how
painful withdrawal from them can be so
educating the public more on these drugs
should help reduce this catastrophe and
how to do so is in this next week this
is Gen B who says primarily by reaching
out to young minds in elementary and
secondary schools on the ills associated
with drug abuse dangling positive role
models before them to emulate engaging
them in productive activities and using
new media to appeal to them with this
message so that I'm wondering if you
think some of these things already being
done or not done enough no no no no
absolutely I agree with the points made
and those are some of the things that
we're taking on to do at the foundation
because we realized that yes even though
we're working with people who become
addicts we believe that we need to jump
in the front of the line and start to
address it from a preventive point of
view so we actually just started a
school campaign where we're going into
secondary schools to educate the young
you know students about the negative
impacts of drug abuse and then the
medical impact as well because like
Renault said in the beginning you know
we're sort of you know assimilating the
culture that we see from outside of
Nigeria we see these things you know
publicize and they look glamorous
whereas they have negative effects when
you get into drug the chances are it's
something that you have to deal with
long-term so I believe that's one of the
things that we need to address and I
know that's that's one of the things
that was Nasdaq and then I think the
Minister for Health address that they
want to do initial Y campaign about drug
abuse and then also invite celebrities
after us you know people who disuse look
up to you to help them you know with the
campaign so I think that's a good in if
we just need to see it work so I have to
say I have to say yes force on I also
wish we would look the other way so the
other way being yeah no kanata use i
think we should also look at their
gradients as well and that's the parents
that's the family set up because what
I've seen is that codeine is so insipid
that people tell their parents that is
just honey they are taking they can
literally have a code in habit young
people weeping in front of their parents
so if the parents don't know what to
look for for instance if you shake a
bottle of coke that we mix recording it
looks a different way it doesn't form as
much so we have to educate our friends
as well because there's people who the
apparent stole codeine is not good for
you and the parents left it at that so
when they got to school ya mates were
like codeine is good for you do I look
sick but if the prank knew more if the
brain knew what to say that look this is
not cool and XYZ is why I think you will
be good so we also have to educate
parents because friends are really
fighting blind as well so I think it
should go both ways and we all know the
fear of our parents kept many of us from
picking up any drugs
yes speak from passive area here ladies
professors thank you so much for helping
us explore this conversation
Malika where'd you want to leave us Oh
leave us with this street from sensible
drug policy who says current users need
to be treated and rehabilitated
policymakers can begin by upgrading
rehab centers and concentrating on harm
reduction and providing a sustainable
means of
the hood thank you to our guest thank
you to our online community and for
everybody watching right now we continue
this conversation online just use the
hashtag a day stream see you soon
you
