Joseph cthugha feels haunted by his loss
for young children the youngest and
newborn this was the family home only
the foundation remains he had raced home
on his motorcycle but it was too late to
save his family
but widow Queenie adieu baracoa giddy I
was just getting to the gate the torrent
caught up with me and I heard my wife
scream as she was swept away with two of
the children the other two were left
behind and I tried to get to them but
the water was too strong
I managed to swim to that tree and the
last I heard from my other two children
was them scream as they were swept away
my wife was rescued over there relatives
and friends passed by but Joseph is in a
trauma all of his own surrounding the
bereaved and homeless there's an active
backdrop well-meaning people with
contributions hot food for the hungry
and very basic shelter in a school but
no one is sure how long they can go on
like this in what remains of saliva
village they're still disbelief it feels
surreal the torrent of floodwaters
replaced by the trickle of streams
Joseph guided us through the mud to his
parents home filled with family members
his wife Rose wants to remain here until
the shocks of science all I can think of
right now is my children I just think of
them there is really nothing I can do
but try to be strong for Joseph and Rose
not surprisingly the loss of their four
children and their home has left them so
deep in shock and grief they haven't
even thought through the issues of
climate change and dam safety
regulations or rebuilding their lives
they say there can be no normality in
the future
there's certainly nothing normal going
on right now all of the reservoirs in
this area are being drained by order of
the government and the police are now
investigating what might have gone wrong
and whether anyone is to blame
Andrew Simmons al Jazeera Saline Nakuru
County Kenya
