for many Iraqis their vote is the most
powerful weapon those who chose to come
are voting for change yes sir well it
says an election is the only way to get
rid of corruption and how and I'm sure
Alan Lee even we're trying to find
someone qualified for Iraq our vote is
for new faces not the people who have
been recycled in new lists corruption a
tanking economy and security remain
pressing concerns cars were banned in
many areas of Baghdad and people
trickled in through the day to cast
their ballots the biggest concern for
politicians was to convince those still
at home to come out and vote I call upon
all Iraqis to participate in these
elections it's a good chance for them to
decide their future although there isn't
the same focus on sectarian allegiances
as previous years most political parties
are still divided on ethnic and
religious lines it's a landmark election
for Iraq the first after the defeat of
ISIL the first time electronic voting
machines are being used and nearly a
third of the candidates are women but
there are also reports of irregularities
across many polling stations in Iraq
observers say the use of technology is a
step in the right direction to prevent
rigging but many of the electronic
voting machines failed to function the
Election Commission redirected voters to
other booths in the same polling
stations many of the complaints came
from Kurdish territory where Iraqi
forces have expanded control in West
Mosul a number of polling stations
remain closed and in the eastern part
turnout remained low I wouldn't say it
is completely faultless in any election
there could be very minor
disruptions the results have not been as
I have hoped but this is again expected
normally people don't come out in the
early hours of the day we need an
effective government for the
reconstruction for the fight of the
corruption and as you mentioned that
everybody is calling forth and this
cannot be done without a strong
representative Parliament of all the
Iraqi people this appears to be Iraq's
most peaceful election since the US
invasion in 2003 it's unlikely that a
single coalition party will get enough
floats to form a government but its
legitimacy will depend on how many
Iraqis turned up to vote Osama bin jabr
al jazeera Baghdad
