the injuries started early this young
man was shot in his lower leg as he
tried to pull at Israel's fence it's a
7th Friday of what protesters here call
the great march of return a pattern well
established by now tires broad right to
the front and set on fire
to obscure Israeli sniper positions many
Palestinians have been coming here every
Friday for seven weeks now we are not
going to stop our protests we will not
move until we get our rights if the
international community was honest with
us and implemented a two-state solution
that was promised our lives would be so
much better
no one can accept living under this
siege there is no light at the end of
the tunnel there was a constant volley
of tear gas another established pattern
now Israeli soldiers firing close to the
fence and right to the back of the
crowds into the crowd and then the youth
here picking it up towards the fence
young people here are frustrated they
have spent 11 years growing up under an
Israeli and Egyptian siege they say they
feel suffocated there are no jobs
unemployment is over 60% that's the
highest rate in the world
we're besieged in Gaza by everyone
including the Arab countries we
Palestinians especially here in Gaza we
want our rights we need our rights just
like the rest of the world
we just want a good life no one is
better than us we deserve a good life
too throughout the day a steady stream
of injuries we counted several gunshot
wounds to the lower part of the body the
crowd's appears smaller this Friday
everyone is preparing for Monday when
protests are planned tomorrow
Palestinians call the Nakba or
catastrophe the 70th anniversary of the
creation of the State of Israel which
displaced hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians from their homes
it also coincides of the US embassies
moved to Jerusalem we asked a bader what
will happen the 14th of May will be a
surprise we're preparing a lot of
surprises for Israel you will see them
on may the 14th no one is sure exactly
what will happen but from everyone we've
spoken to Palestinians are determined to
come out in huge numbers Stephanie
Decker al-jazeera East Gaza
