Jaya Chung looks like the older brother
he never knew the brother who died
before he was born his sister Joey when
had been adopted a year earlier before
her mother thought she'd ever get
pregnant again their father says life is
better now Dean earnest when a quick
happen we lost our house but now we have
a place to live and that time there are
only two people my wife and I but now we
are four al-jazeera first met joshing16
days after the earthquake
he was sifting through the debris of his
home after burying his son Joey a day
earlier he and his wife Chen Jin Lian
were retrieving precious memories the
earthquake struck at 228 in the
afternoon when his son was at school
like so many other children who perished
his child had been taking an English
lesson after Zhao got there he heard a
familiar voice calling out but there was
no equipment to move the rubble trapping
his son I could hear my son but I could
not see him he said dad I want to see
that and I told him you cannot
that was 2 p.m. but by 6 p.m. I cannot
hear him anymore this was a natural
disaster but one also exacerbated by man
evidence emerged that many schools had
been built with substandard materials
yangshou was the epicenter of the quake
but the town has been completely rebuilt
except in one part where the rubble of
the school has been preserved to form
part of an official memorial site in the
weeks and months following the
earthquake many parents who lost
children called on the government to
begin an inquiry into why so many
schools collapsed but they say instead
of meeting their demands they were
instead subjected to harassment
occasional detention and were even
prevented from grieving in public jail
says if his son had lived he'd now be 21
and probably at university of course I
miss him no matter what happens I cannot
forget him he says his children know
they have a big brother but they also
know they'll never meet him Adrian Brown
al Jazeera in Sichuan province southwest
China
