people all over the UK like the bits of
multiculturalism that make their lives
nicer
like for instance foreign food but
nowadays it seems foreign people are not
anything like as popular Peters lived in
the UK for 12 years in regards himself
just as much British as polish but
recently he took his kids to the park
where they were given a stark reminder
of how some in this country view
outsiders suddenly one boy which was
approximately nine or ten years olds of
English only and he was very very rude
children there's a nine year old boy
yeah I think came from his parents
official statistics from the British
government show a steady rise in racial
or religiously aggravated offenses over
the last five years showing Peaks for
instance after the Charlie Hebdo
shootings in Paris leading to over 3,000
incidents a month but between April 2016
when the brexit referendum campaign
began and July 2016 just after the UK
voted to leave incidents shot up peaking
at over five and a half thousand a month
the abuse that some Europeans got
immediately after the referendum results
made headlines at the time but the link
wasn't made between those hate crimes
and an official government policy of
targeting illegal immigrants to go home
now the United Nations whose reporter
has just finished a fact-finding tour of
the UK suggested the brexit votes and
political groups campaigning had
combined some accommodates a growing
culture of racism I think that the
environment leading up to the referendum
the environment during the referendum
and the environment after the referendum
has made racial and ethnic minorities
more vulnerable to racial discrimination
and intolerant menu on the right of
British politics have condemned her
visit saying the UN must have better
things to do the victims of racism would
not agree of course the vote to leave
the European Union followed on hard from
a stated government policy of trying to
create a so-called hostile environment
for immigrants many supporters of brexit
say it's not Europeans but the European
Union as an institution that they object
to but increasingly it seems to be
Europeans and others suffering the
consequences
the real issue is that while politicians
say they make distinctions between
illegal immigrants and people in the UK
lawfully it doesn't follow that the
public will see the difference several
thousand incidents a month reported to
the police
Shirley speaks to a genuine problem
Lawrence Lee al Jazeera London
