this was the crown jewel in Iceland
self-declared Islamic state a few years
ago but control of Mosul is back with
the triumphant Iraqi government and now
the majority Sunni City is buzzing with
election fever a lot of candidates are
using new ways besides their banners
such as Facebook and other social media
voters from Mosul faced many
difficulties because people are still
displaced and more than 70 percent of
West Mosul is completely destroyed ISIL
says it killed one candidate in Mosul
Iraq's interior ministry says its plan
to secure the vote is being coordinated
and strict measures are in place for
this elections discipline in Baghdad and
also all provinces including Kurdistan
Iraq everything now it's under control
we achieve all our preparation the
northern city of Kirkuk used to be held
by Kurdish Peshmerga now Iraqi forces
have taken charge oil-rich Kirkuk is
also known as many Iraq because of its
mixed population including Kurds Turkmen
Christians and Arabs during this
election the focus is on using the
strength of diversity to solve local
issues an order to serve our targets and
to fix the coexistence between all the
component of the Iraqi and carpel the
real test will be in places like Ramadi
and other Sunni majority areas which
were under ISIL much of the roads and
buildings have been destroyed and many
residents are still displaced Iraqis are
worried about sectarian divisions and
political corruption after we saw
candidates backstabbing each other in
some familiar old faces we began to have
doubts if any change will happen in
these elections although many people say
they are not afraid of ISIL attacks
securing the election is a challenge on
Saturday airports and border crossings
will remain closed for the 24-hour
curfew prime minister haider al-abadi
once it's mostly Shia Nasser coalition
to win while vice-president Nuri
al-maliki is behind his state of law
coalition another hopeful is
hadiyyah-lah Murray whose Fatah
coalition has plenty of Shia support and
Sunni vote is still divided in this
election they're almost 7000 candidates
vying for three
what's different about 2018 is the tone
of unity rather than sectarian
allegiances there are alliances between
Sunnis and Shias between Communists and
Sudd rest's but what's not so different
our similar faces making the same
promises the biggest challenge remains
to convince voters who actually come out
and cast their ballots some of the Javed
al Jazeera
