Sri Lanka has used abductions as a way
to instill fear since the days of its
Civil War the conflict is old but
critics say authorities are still
kidnapping citizens who speak out this
small island nation has one of the
highest numbers of unsolved
disappearances in the world with a new
investigation agency help victims and
their families get justice I'm Steve
Chow on this episode of one on one East
we investigate Sri Lanka's enforced
disappearances
but Allah I never get what about it
whenever I see a white van when I see a
soldier or policeman I look at them
suspiciously even when I think about the
moment I was kidnapped it scares me
Nihao sarah singer never thought he
would live to tell his story he's one of
the few in sri lanka to survive in
abduction 60,000 others have gone
missing over the past three decades it
was a sunny morning in May 2009 Newhall
was walking near the courthouse in the
capital Colombo when a white man started
following him soon he was surrounded men
put a weapon to my right hip they told
me to shut up and keep walking a van
came up from hundred meters away and I
was tracked into it
if he was thrown into a garage on a
coconut estate Nihal alleges he was
tortured by plain clothed men and
uniformed officers they threw me into
this corner and started attacking me
they straightened me and started hitting
me with metal pipes using bricks
Nihao plucks out a torture chamber 12
feet in length it was an area like this
no matter how much I scream no one could
hear there was urine and blood all over
the place to build a rata
they took my belt and started beating my
dad after that they dragged me by my
legs on the rocks they hid me in here
and here they also hid my soles of my
feet
bigger dumper Haruna he busts it
after dead he filled a plastic bag with
petrol and bite my head with it for two
minutes until I started suffocating just
when I was about to lose consciousness
they would let go during long
interrogations the officers accused me
hull of aiding the Tamil Tigers a
separatist group who fought a 26-year
civil war against the Sri Lankan
government
Nihal is from the single 'yes majority
but the trade union publication he
worked for promoted the rights of the
Tamil minority was there a point where
you thought you were going to die but us
Turnagain I had no hope of living at
that point they belted me so much Ninh
half says he was taken to police
headquarters where he says he faced more
torture to force him into making a
confession but after seven years in
custody
neha was eventually released because
there wasn't enough evidence to charge
him under Sri Lanka's terrorism laws
hundreds of others have also been held
in detention for years without charge or
access to a lawyer hi Jason with these
laws the government is able to use
military personnel to get rid of threats
and kidnap people they can get rid of
any threat which opposes the government
survivor stories like Newhouse provide a
faint glimmer of hope for other families
of the disappeared
Sanja acknowledged order hasn't seen her
husband since 2010 her house is filled
with cartoons by the political
journalist who vanished without a trace
mega da take it back to at the passive
Saturday Keaney kasam ever since Prague
it's disappeared there's only been
sadness and emptiness in this house poor
girlie if someone is dead you have their
body you can deal with the emotions and
get over their death
if a person is abducted it's one of the
worst crimes out there
Brigades cartoons and articles focused
on human rights abuses and social
inequality in sri lanka his work was
published by a left-wing news website
one of the few media outlets that
criticized then President Mahinda
Rajapaksa Sanja says in 2009 her husband
started receiving death threats team
akane I get the call saying he had
received a few calls from people
threatening to cut his limbs off he was
never scared
however a week before he went missing he
was worried by one incident one of
projects friends who worked for the
government told him he was on top of the
Rajapaksa target list
one night in 2010 Brigade caught his
wife to say he would be home late
that evening preheats neighbors saw a
suspicious white man driving around his
house
Brigitta has never been seen or heard
from again
I want truth and justice there's a lot
of lies about project in this country
the truth about project must emerge what
happened what did he do who did it
eight years and ninety court appearances
later she's still searching for the
truth a former Army officer came forward
and alleged that pre geese was
interrogated at a military camp eleven
army officers were arrested in
connection with his disappearance but
were later released of care definitely
murder whom a person sleeping murdered
former army chief General Sarah Fonseca
has no doubt about what happened to the
cartoonist brigade disappeared just five
days before national elections after
he'd publicly backed Fonseca over the
incumbent president Rajapaksa why do you
think he was abducted so what he was
doing at that time was not in favor of
another party Rajapaksa a party with a
very angry with you
the Rajapaksa yes innovation no doubt
about it the whole country believes it
ID general Fonseca lost that election
but is now a minister in Sri Lanka's new
government which al stood the Rajapaksa
regime in 2015 Fonseca alleges that in
the past rogue elements in the security
forces conducted white van abductions to
silence critics like brigade Sri Lanka
passed a new law in April which
criminalizes enforced disappearances and
as a government minister you're quite
willing to reprimand people that were
under your command that behaved
inappropriately you have no yeah my name
you know as
anyone the slightest information I get
where I got a I took very stern action
but no man in the suit versus can commit
murders crimes obviously if they had a
need they have to be taken to task there
- you're taking legal action against
them so I had very good tight control
over the military but there are the
people like some in the police I mean
the integers agencies who prefer to
please this man and get hands you Tim
who by name you gotta be Rajapakse was
the period different ii was using white
bands yes abstractions are taking place
well who did that they did not do it
during the process of the legitimate
duties outside the duties while erased
approached former President Mahinda
Rajapaksa who declined to comment
in a statement former defense secretary
go Tobiah Rajapaksa described fonseca's
claims as baseless allegations he denies
the security forces or government in
power at the time carried out enforced
disappearances
human rights activists rukiye Fernando
says the authorities have tried to
ignore this issue for decades
Sri Lanka has the second largest number
of enforced disappearances reported to
the UN after Iraq today Russia is going
to document some cases in Mille et vous
on the northern tip of sri lanka in 2009
this district was the front line in the
final battles between the separatist
Tamil Tigers and the government forces
it was then that some of the country's
most notorious disappearances every day
for the past year Tamil families in
towns across the region have been
holding vigils they say many of their
relatives were taken by the military and
have never been seen again
I think the pain and the grief and the
tears are the same today's diamond
single is are Muslim or in any other
country for that matter but what is
clearly visible in among these Tamil
families of disappeared people is their
desperation and their anger that there
has been no answers forthcoming and they
feel cheated the protests began when the
government backtracked on a promise to
release a list of those still in custody
Chelios or Bhagyam son nam Takuma is one
of those still missing after
surrendering to the army at the end of
the war children must come back that's
what we think
she says the women are prepared to
protest until they get answers what else
am I to do where else am I going to go I
have no one at home
so Bhagyam has reported her son's
disappearance to the UN and the Red
Cross but she has limited evidence and
can't identify the soldiers who took him
the fact that I surrendered him is the
proof there is no other proof no proof
this bridge is where saw Bhagyam and
hundreds of others say they handed over
their family members it's a mass
disappearance is several hundred at
least several buses several hundred
people's everything free this bridge yes
yes they have simply vanished in the in
the custody of the army not just vanish
but vanished in the custody of the army
when so Bhagyam returns here the
memories flood back
it happened at about 9:00 or 10:00 in
the morning path whatever I was looking
at my son he was sitting by the bus
window so I could see him he was looking
at me he was crying at the soldiers took
him saying that they will release him
they said they would release him in a
month they took him and went
20 court cases regarding this mass
disappearance have dragged on for the
last five years no one has ever been
brought to justice and the only army
officer to testify offered a blanket
denial it's an absurd situation for army
of a country to take away its citizens
in buses in front of their family
members and then claim that they don't
know what happened to them and the
former the army commander zoraph Fonseca
is now a government minister he was the
army commander when this incident
happened on that day in 2009 mate
he can't just wash his hands off and say
that no I don't know what happened where
have they gone
and I don't know I can visualize how it
has to have been taking place during the
war and last two weeks of the war we had
the very good system we had made
beautiful arrangements that everybody
coming and surrendering sooo good Oh sir
I was wondering personally
100,000 sewer you know so dismayed never
to please the people have been taken bus
doors and they never returned that is
definitely accelerator story Sara
Fonseca says under his command
Oh two hundred and fifteen thousand
Tamils who surrendered in the war but
properly processed our conscience are
clear your conscience is clear
yes yes we've got some about 10-15
family members come and say that to our
children no taken they have gone missing
you can take it as gospel truth to
Humpty but this is not just ten this is
a hundred two hundred that is the reason
why I'm ruling it out you can't do
things like that you know and there are
also and also watching then it's it is
not actively possible thanks Laura
to find the truth of what happened to
sri lanka's disappeared the government
announced three years ago it would set
up an office of missing persons
salia Paras and six other commissioners
were only recently appointed but the
office won't be fully operational for
months he says one of the most pressing
cases will be the mass disappearances on
the bridge naturally one would expect
that ran-sama delegations would be
against the Sri Lankan authorities I do
not for one moment say that the task is
going to be easy but for the moment I am
confident that we will have the
cooperation of the authorities that I'm
confident of but the office has no
criminal powers and can only refer
suspects to the Attorney General
one must understand the purpose of the
office and missing persons it is not
punitive it is to find out what happened
to persons it is to trace people so
families of the disappeared
meagan answers but not necessarily
justice that would be by air another
mechanism but in the past similar
commissions have failed to solve any
disappearance cases brew he is helping
affected families right witness
statements to present to the office of
missing persons he says many of them
don't trust the officials one of the
reasons is because one of the
commissioners who have been appointed is
a former Army Major General because for
many people the army is responsible for
vast majority of these disappearances
that is true for Tamils but that is also
true for single is the security forces
have their own concerns saying the
office of missing persons who subject
war heroes to unfair scrutiny it's
completely biased when you have people
who have been critical of the army as
commissioner I don't think personally I
would not like to go there and get
humiliated so it's a matter of having
credible neutral people in the
Commission rather than having activists
and people who have been working for
NGOs
major-general hoodia Pereira was the
director of operations in the military
during and after the war so you're
saying that the Army is not complicit at
all in their disappearance I can vouch
and say there was no policy of such
nature so you're saying the use of
abductions with never used during war
and never used during post-war never
used in war never used in post-war by
the army by the military this is not a
banana State if someone thinks that sri
lanka can hide and keep a person in
today's context i think he should go and
see a psychiatric
but many sri lankans insist the
authorities are still using enforced
disappearances to stifle dissent some
only feel safe talking about it from the
other side of the world tamil asylum
seekers here in London claimed that they
were abducted and abused by the
authorities in the past two years
Milton thew sarnath on alleges that he
was abducted twice in 2016 and more
recently in 2017 the twenty-year-old
took part in protests where villagers
complained that the army was stealing
their land to build new bases one night
last June he says men in a van snatched
him off the streets in male TV and took
him to a secret torture sighs they had a
long stick I said lie me on the ground
and beat my back and feet they'd burn my
back and thighs with cigarettes they
used a bottle to sexually abuse me
Newton says a local priest broke at his
release then his parents bought him a
one-way ticket out of Sri Lanka he
claims his father and other men in his
village have also been abducted tortured
and then released by the police in the
last two years Milton believes his
family is a target because his uncle's
fought for the Tamil Tigers I think I
could be abducted again if I went back I
have no faith in our current government
as they preach something and do
something else a fan falls back to Sri
Lanka I will commit suicide
Newton's lawyer says many young
relatives of former Tamil Tiger fighters
have been kidnapped and tortured in Sri
Lanka
Betina
kula sega rom geetha Hanan represents a
number of tamil men who are claiming
asylum in the UK because they fear their
lives are in danger
under Sri Lanka's current regime the
torture is systematic and widespread the
purpose we can see is to instill a fear
among the Tamils not to revolt again or
at the same time not to give evidence
against the war crimes in 2009 how many
cases do you have where Sri Lankans have
been abducted and tortured under the
current government since 2015 since the
new government came into force we have
documented at least 80 cases which had
been corroborated by medical evidence
and other source of independent evidence
most recently we have in 2018 we have at
least six cases of torture
other asylum seekers in London claimed
they were abducted and tortured for
months before managing to escape Sri
Lanka this man who will call Arjuna was
accused of trying to revive the Tamil
Tiger movement an allegation he denies I
was there from April to August Polly
Utley they abused me and beat me many
times but I can't tell you certain
things about how they tortured me tell
me that happened two or three times I
resisted but they beat me up
I brought a knife back with a hot iron
rod I still have the scars after the
beatings I fainted Arjuna says he was
held at a military base called Joseph
camp where he was tortured and sexually
abused at least 30 times he could hear
the screams of other men being tortured
these Tamil asylum seekers still carry
the scars
Arjuna remains haunted by the experience
vertigo and people say that I scream
aloud in my sleep at night I have bad
dreams dreams that I'm dead that I'm
being beaten to death in our therapy at
a London City Church other Tamil asylum
seekers captured the beauty of their new
home but Arjuna can't forget the horrors
of war independent doctors confirmed
both Arjuna and Milton have injuries
consistent with torture but the UK Home
Office has rejected their asylum claims
I was working in my uncle's shop in
Malaya team my father was a fisherman
and I'd also get paid to help him there
was no economic hardship if my life was
not under threat I would be in Sri Lanka
with my family
thus Lankan government and the police
deny there are torture sites in the
country they say the asylum seekers are
economic refugees seeking a better life
under this government no you can't
reportedly that force on one hand and
this government the way we are
functioning
I don't think there is any room for
anyone to commit offenses like that at
the mall so you're confident that the
days of the white banner over you're not
after this garden one came definitely
despite those denials the office of
missing persons wants to investigate all
white van abductions and military bases
where torture is said to have occurred
can you seek testimony from people who
have survived white man abductions yes
yes we have and there is provision even
by video link to have took to listen to
witnesses who are not in the immediate
presence of the Commission or the same
forces yes the Sri Lankan government is
promising to provide compensation to
families of the disappeared if they
think it's justified if it's a Syrian
case we'll do something later innocent
person not involved with legal battle
against the new tree or against the
government to topple the government they
can be compensated they'd no problem
Sanja Etna ligado
wants all families in the missing to be
treated fairly
Lucas Ave the novel Somalia I've learned
that the pain and sadness is the same
for all widows it doesn't matter if they
are from the north or south Tamela
Sinhalese everyone is looking for truth
and justice on it courage what come here
is how long will I have to fight this
battle
if enforced disappearances continue with
impunity it's a battle that will tear
more sri lankan families apart
you
