it was fast and unforgiving the damn bus
released a surge of water that took
homes and lives with it there was no
warning and it happened in darkness this
is the scene hours afterwards they're
searching for a man one of dozens of
people many of them are children
the sprawl of debris is where families
once lived whole homes swept away from
the air you get some idea of the scale
of this tragedy the dam is almost fully
drained downstream the waves of
floodwater gained momentum and later
spread out inflicting much more
devastation over a wider area is a long
stretch from the damp area down stream
we are also looking for the families
that they were missing hoping the
tracing yes Charles kimono already knows
he's lost a family member
his sister 50 year old Nancy Munna this
was her home we heard about the flooding
came to look for my sister we looked
everywhere we only found her body hours
after the water receded my Gemma Peter
Hubbell Bernhard mankato works at a
village clinic
he's trying in vain to clear things up
I lived here with my colleague there
were many houses around us and this is
where many people were swept away the
dams main purpose was irrigation of a
large flower farm investigators will
want to know what type of fortifications
had been used and other dams in the area
are being checked this tragedy has
really brought it home just how
dangerous these continuing rains are
making it for Kenyans right across the
country the rainfall is the heaviest for
two decades and it proves beyond all
reasonable doubt that the infrastructure
of this country simply can't cope
the Kenyan Red Cross is describing the
floods which started in March a national
disaster it says that aside from all the
lives lost the number of people now
homeless has reached 300,000 Andrew
Simmons al-jazeera Garissa County in
Kenya
