a recent Friday protest in Gaza near the
border fence with Israel Israeli snipers
shot more than 50 protesters killing one
as usual many suffered leg wounds amid
the chaos a small group broke through
the fence into Israeli territory at
Aleph I you me says he was one of those
who got through he had his leg amputated
after being shot during a protest in
April but he keeps going back his family
says he wants to die he's even written
notes to be published after his death I
lost part of my body why should I live
either let me out of Gaza to get an
artificial limb or I'll keep going to
the border al-jazeera filmed with a
Tyler just after he was injured
following him through surgery he was
defiant then but his family soon noticed
changes in his behavior his mother says
he became demanding and prone to
outbursts of temper at home but it's
worse she says when he goes out I used
to be a normal mother now I live in fear
as soon as he leaves the house I start
getting anxious I keep trying to
convince him not to go to the border but
he doesn't listen
Gaza's health ministry says at least
5,000 Palestinians have been injured by
Israeli gunfire since the start of the
protests in March 68 have had a leg
amputated psychiatrist Samia wada is
helping to research the effects on their
mental health
severe trauma a traumatic experience
sometimes depression and sometimes
unfortunately if they will it won't be
work on that they will develop a kind of
suicidal ideation or suicidal attempt
they were cute this is but one factor
among many in Gaza has brought a mental
health crisis the World Health
Organization talks of the huge effect on
mental health of the Israeli blockade
the last 12 years have seen three wars
mounting joblessness rising despair
w-h-o is estimated that up to 20% of the
population are likely to have serious
mental health issues and last year the
number of psychiatric patients visiting
government linked mental health clinics
was up nearly 70 percent on the year
before
four years ago an Israeli airstrike
killed yousra I will shove ABS eldest
son Muhammad and destroyed her home now
home is a pair of caravans not far from
the border fence
she's disarmingly frank about the depths
of the depression she experienced I
thought about committing suicide several
times I wanted to die rather than live
such a difficult life but because of my
religious beliefs I didn't go through
with it
Italica you me she's a counselor three
times a week
he says the sessions make him feel
better but still he keeps going back to
the border
Harry Fossett al Jazeera Gaza
