leading again at the age of 92 Mahathir
Mohamad comes out of political
retirement in malaysia to oust a former
protege can the longest-serving
malaysian prime minister end anxiety
about corruption and the high cost of
living this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Mohammed Jim Jim voters in Malaysia have
thrown the ruling coalition from power
for the first time since independence 61
years ago and the architect of the
opposition's upset win is the veteran
politician who made the ruling Alliance
a formidable force during his 22 years
as Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad
returned to active politics two years
ago in an unusual rule for him as an
opposition leader he accused Prime
Minister Najib Razak of stealing
millions of dollars in government funds
and he's channeled the anger of millions
of Malaysians about the rising cost of
living and corruption into his latest
electoral success two months before his
93rd birthday so who is Malaysia's new
leader with a familiar face he's
Malaysia's longest-serving Prime
Minister in power for 22 years from 1981
until 2003 his economic policies
attracted billions in investments to the
so-called Asian tiger economy he
responded to the Asian currency crisis
in 1997 by rejecting an International
Monetary Fund bailout economists
criticized him for capital controls on
global investors
despite that he succeeded in reviving
Malaysia's economy but progress came at
a cost
mahat ear was criticised for cracking
down on political dissent the media and
civil society lately he's used
Democratic platforms he one supposed to
challenge his former protege Najib Razak
who is no stranger to scandal Maha tears
upset victory comes after joining forces
with unwearied brahim who's serving a
five-year sentence for sodomy
he was maja tears deputy before they
fell out in the 1990s Anwar and his
supporters maintained the charges are
politically motivated
let's now get the thoughts of our guests
joining us in Singapore OS on he is a
senior advisor at the Asian strategy and
Leadership Institute in Malaysia he was
earlier political secretary to the
outgoing Prime Minister Najib Razak in
Kuala Lumpur brigitte welsh she is
associate professor at John Cabot
University Bridgette is the author of
regime resilience in Malaysia and
Singapore and in London via Skype is
funks you she is Asia regional manager
for the Economist Intelligence Unit a
warm welcome to all of you funks you I
want to start with you explain to our
viewers just how stunning of an upset
victory this was for Mahathir Mohamad
aside from the newspaper describing the
age differences between the two current
main contestants and mahat in Mohammed
992 in a Geo bracket back in his 50s to
put everything into context it was an
understanding of the United Malays a
national organisation and and it's been
in power in one form or another for the
last six decades so this is a complete
upset a complete change in the political
landscape the opposition got close in
2008 but by that point at only 1
something like 70 or deceits not enough
to cross the 112 margin that was needed
but this is the this victory not only
have they crossed the parliamentary got
the parliamentary arithmetic in their
favor but they've also won control of
something around about six of the state
assemblies this has never happened
before for the opposition ever you know
they've never secured any numbers beyond
the 70 mark they've never been secured
anything of the State Assembly controls
beyond a handful this this this actually
is a complete change in the political
landscape that very few people predicted
Oh a son is the political system as it
exists in Malaysia even able to handle
such a monumental shift
well we inherit that our political
system from the British and supposedly
it is resilient enough to handle such a
handle of powers from one administration
to another it's just that he has never
been done before so just I you need
rehearsals for certain concerts and
other big events well this is something
which has no rehearsal no president in
Malaysian history because as was
mentioned the Barisan Nasional
government has in one form or another
room Malaysia for more than half a
century so I think going forward
Malaysians would indeed adopt a new
mentality that it is possible to change
government and if the Mahato
administration is not really liking it
will also similarly be kicked our power
Bridget Welsh do you foresee dr. Maha
tier having as much political sway as he
held in the past actually I think in
some ways he will have more in that he
is mandate was massive coming into
office we're talking about almost 20 to
25 percent swings and voters and
consider in constituencies and unlike in
the past where he came in from the
system he's at coming in as a comeback
person someone at the age of 92 the
oldest living leader in the world right
now and he is seen as actually coming in
to make changes to try to make the
system better to correct some of the
mistakes that he made when he was in
office from 1981 to 2003 so I think he's
going to be in some ways powerful very
powerful
he's only he's also a man in the hurry
so he he's not planning to stay long so
I think that this is going to create a
dynamism to his administration that I
think will be very important as Malaysia
moves forward funks you I want to pick
up on something that Bridget was just
mentioning the fact that it's expected
that dr. Maha tear will not want to stay
long it's expected that he will pardon
Anwar Ibrahim and that perhaps he will
appoint him also as prime minister in
the coming months or year
do you think that's really going to
happen how long do you envision Dr
Mahathir would stay in power at this
stage there was always a prior
arrangement between the two gentlemen
well before Manhattan's party joined the
packet inherit pan though just to
confirm that or rather repeat that that
arrangement remains in place and it's
not up to me to pardon him he has to
actually move or roll pardon and once
that happens then that means that I'm
work for him will be able to contest for
political office and I would envisage
that this will take place within the
next 12 months I do believe that
Manhattan Mohamad will honor the
arrangement that he had in place before
this landslide victory so definitely I
do so Muhammad I agree but my heart is
actually definitely in a hurry but I
think it'll be an Lloyd brahim who will
actually think be making the policy
decisions he'll be advising the hatty
who to put in his cabinet and this will
be the next test actually who goes in
the cabinet some of these ministers
would be ministers are untried untested
and who does he actually go for a
representational sort of cabinet where
they draw people from all the different
parties or will he actually go for a
more a slanted cabinet whereby he
actually tries to get as much done as
possible in the year that he's got left
but I I don't think he'll be making any
of the major decisions on his own i
think i'm elora him will be there in the
background they'll be doing it together
all right so speaking of tests Oh ease
on what do you think are some of the
most immediate political challenges Dr
Mahathir faces now
well his most immediate political
challenge would be for example how would
he put together cabinet which is
representative of both the component
parties of his coalition the Harappan
coalition as well as more broadly of the
ratio and religious as well as regional
makeups of Malaysia I mean in addition
to that he would have to
well as he repeatedly promised and his
coalition also repeatedly promised to
sort of restore the independence and the
confidence of the judiciary the Attorney
General's Department of chambers as well
as well more broadly the political
system at large then we will go to
issues such as the abolition of various
taxes which a lot of people do not
support and enjoy I think those will be
his more immediate challenges and in the
long run it's of course reviving the
Malaysian economy yes Bridgette Welsh
Prime Minister Najib has been under a
lot of pressure of course there were
these accusations of fraud and the
multi-billion dollar state fund he's
denied the allegations of course but how
much did this hurt him politically is
this in fact an instance of perceived
state-sponsored corruption being voted
out of office just add a bit more
earlier on to some of the comments just
now about mana tier I think mana tiers
going to be around more than a year and
I think comparatively he comes in with a
much stronger mandate Anwar had a chance
to take over power and in electoral II
in 2013 and he didn't make it
mightier does have a larger mandate and
I think he will play more of a role
that's been suggested and one of the
reasons for that is he's been able to
ask Najib Tun Razak and Najib as
eastland has mentioned just a few
moments ago his face concerns about
economic issues such as the goods and
service tax which is something many
Malaysians have really felt very a lot
of anger towards it's a tax that has
basically brought people in to the tax
base that had never been taxed before
and with that anger was felt at the
polls because it's been seen to be
associated with economic hardship but
the other issue is you've just mentioned
has been the issue of corruption and
kleptocracy charges we're looking at a
huge scandal 1mdb which I'm sure many of
you heard all over the news in the last
two years last three years we see this
skit has involved investigations in
multiple jurisdictions and it involved a
seven hundred million dollars put into
Najib's own personal
bank accounts and funds that are
stretching into the range of four
billion dollars and here in Malaysia
this there were charges were not moved
ahead this was he was alleged he was
supposedly cleared of all wrongdoing and
many Malaysians felt that this was
actually an improper process and not
only were they angry about this for the
lack of accountability and the and the
way some of these funds were being spent
but they were also very concerned about
the damage to Malaysia's reputation
internationally and national pride was a
factor that Mahathir used in his
campaign so while many people don't
understand the particulars especially in
the rural areas that the sentiment of
anger was crystallized over this this
particular scandal and corruption issues
funk to you if we could expand a bit on
what Bridgette was just saying do you
expect there to be a crackdown because
of the 1mdb scandal that would happen
now and also just how vulnerable do you
think that mr. Najib is to potential
prosecution at this stage um with regard
to retrying or even opening up the
investigation against Najib Razak well
the anti-corruption committee
authoritative he's already been being
investigated by the Attorney General and
in both instances he's being cleared of
all charges I'm not sure that they would
probably try to bring those charges back
into play again and simply because at
the moment it would it would seem it
would then say that the institutions
that exonerated nod you about that we're
wrong in the first place so I think I
think they're gonna avoid that root for
the time being and in terms of going
forward with other things but there are
our key priorities I think the focus for
the newly formed government will be on
policy and as Bridgette very rightly
mentions that people there are very
and about the cost of living introduced
by the business services tax way back in
2015 the move now is and the promise
that was made was that they would
actually abolish this particular policy
initiative going ahead that will be the
policy focus but whether they'll succeed
in polishing it straight away again that
would require consultation again I
believe with Abraham and looking at it
in the revival of the economy the
economy did really well last year it
grew by 5.9 percent it's just keeping
that pace and I think there's enough
momentum in the economy to make sure
that Malaysia actually does make it to
become a high-income country by 2020
Bridgette it looked to me a moment ago
like you had something you wanted to say
did you want to chime in yeah I
respectfully disagree about the
assessment of whether or not the charges
will move forward I think maja Tyrion
repeated press conferences in the last
few days has emphasized the return of to
the rule of law and the question the
issues of integrity of the previous
administration my expectations is we're
going to see once he's sworn in
government that you're going to see
heads roll new people be appointed cases
opened up and one of those cases that
will be opened up will be the 1mdb
scandal given the scope of it and how
it's affected Malaysia's finances it's
not just about Najib Tun Razak it's
about the the financial well-being of
Malaysia and its reputation and I think
Mahavira understands that I also say
that while there's important economic
growth that has been read that has been
significant as an administration for the
administration and in fact when Najib
should be credited with moving the
country away forward outside of it after
the economic crisis of 2008 and 2009
that much of that growth is not feel
felt by ordinary Malaysians and those
numbers that are are touted are not
those that felt on the ground
40% of Malaysians are living with very
low incomes in that in those income
brackets they heavily rely on state
subsidies
and the results I think that there are
real big challenges of inequality and
social mobility that I think that
Mahathir government will have to face
moving forward Oh a son what are your
thoughts on some what you just heard
from budget and from Bridget and functio
and also could you talk to our viewers
about some of the other reasons why
voters were so angry and why they voted
the way they did in Malaysia well I I
think as we got the 1mdb a series of
scandals I think now that mr. Najib is
no longer the head of government of a
sovereign country his sovereign immunity
would very much be lifted and a lot of
those jurisdictions such as the United
States and Switzerland as well as
several other international
jurisdictions which previously were sort
of reticent in in naming mr. Najib
directly would now do so and even if the
Malaysian authorities were not to take
up those charges I think those foreign
authorities will now bring forward
criminal charges and it's up to the
Malaysian government the new Malaysian
government to decide whether to sort of
extradite mr. Najib for for those trials
and then as to what are some of the
reasons why people reject @bn I think
it's mainly because over the past 60
years or so
yes evolved into an extremely corrupt
regime corrupts to its very core and at
multiple levels because well there's a
Chinese saying if the the top of the
rang it's a it's not straight enough
then the whole thing would come from a
sort of tumble down so you see
corruption every single level
you see corruption it sort of infused
into both the public and private sectors
many many people are on the take so this
is sort of a saying no to these sort of
very crooked and twisted development of
our country which should have been very
great in me endow with natural resources
and abundant human resources function I
want to ask you about the economy
because Dr Mahathir was really seen as
the figure that transformed the economy
of Malaysia being the sort of backwater
economy not being you know very
developed and to becoming this real
force in southeastern Asia being
perceived as this economic Tiger could
you tell our viewers a little bit about
what the economy was like in Malaysia
before dr. Maha tare took power and then
how he transformed it and where it
stands now so before he transformed it
it was very reliant on primary products
as their export market but what they did
during the time of nihari was actually
focus on electronic assembly of
electronic goods and and also basically
taking advantage of the lowest cost base
that the labor force had to offer and in
that regard it is it has actually
expanded in that area where exports of
goods and services accounted for
something like from very low proportion
to at the height which was probably a
few years ago around about 200 percent
of nominal GDP that's quite an
achievement to increase your external
sector as a proportion of GDP to that
sort of scale going forward there are
challenges so basically at the moment
the economy's sort of like hit hit a bit
of a wall and you can say that it's
actually brought itself trapped in this
middle income trap in it what it needs
to do is diversify now a little bit away
from the electronics assembly because
China is getting much better at it but
and now think about services really in
you know trying to make this services
sector as big as possible diverse point
about rebalancing to that which I think
you know with the population with the
educational levels they can actually do
pretty well what do you expect Malaysian
voters will be seeing when it comes to
new economic policies introduced by dr.
metier well I think largely the focus of
Muhajirs administration I think will be
on political reforms as opposed to
economic issues
terms he's is talking about introducing
political term limits which of course
many people will recognize is ironic
that he himself served five terms and
also some fundamental shifts in terms of
the power structure he stated that he is
Prime Minister that he will not be
finance minister at the same time which
is of course unlike Najib Tun Razak and
this is where some of those corruption
issues and allegations were have been
made so I think we're going to see more
of a focus initially on some political
dimensions compared to economic ones but
and I also but I do think the economy is
very was and is very much on Malaysians
Minds and I and this involves two
different sets of issues on one side it
involves continuing to find new sources
of growth in a very different type of
regional context that were monitor
govern and in a very different stage of
development we're married Mahajan govern
Malaysia at that time he was focused
heavily on hard development in terms of
modernization buildings buildings
infrastructure and services today the
real challenges is to build a soft
capacity building and enhancing the
education system and also at that time
there was diversified investments coming
into the region and multiple sources and
a much power more powerful and
economically engaged United States now
he has to work with China which is the
dominant regional player and a global
player in the economy and of course also
this was a contentious issues in the
campaign particularly some of their
investment within the context of
Malaysia and being charged as actually
having contributing and funds towards
the 1mdb scandal pay off of debts and so
forth so I think it's it we're going to
see a focus on soft capacity issues and
investment in people and now the other
side you're also going to have more
engagement with these concerns about
social mobility and concerns about
inequality my expectation is that there
will be new social programs being
brought in to address these issues
there's talk already here in Kuala
Lumpur of bringing people into the
cabinet with technocratic expertise and
he will also rely heavily on some of his
former financial advice
who played roles in the campaign to help
and it serve to convince many in the
business community that Malaysia is open
for business and that there will be
considerable dynamism and the economy
moving forward Oh a Sun we can't have
this discussion until we've talked a
little bit about dr. Maha tears human
rights record because when he was
previously in power he was seen as being
not very tolerant when it comes to the
sin also he was seen as having embraced
authoritarian figures and governments so
what can we expect to see when it comes
to his human rights record and do we
expect that dr. Maha Terra will be more
tolerant of dissent and critics this
time well I grew up during the Muhajir
era and he was indeed a very much a
hated figure because he trampled upon
the development of democracy as well as
human rights in Malaysia but but the
Maha - we seed nowadays appears to be a
very different maja - than previously
granted he still has all his wits and so
on but we still we see a very much a
mellow down to Marty and also within his
ruling coalition there are various of
this well the democratic figures who
some of whom fought against his regime
many years ago and he has to in a sense
rely upon their support otherwise his
government would also tumble down so I
think you'd be very much number one
melodrama mellow down and number two
constrained by some of his coalition
partners no I do not expect the same
level of shall we say negative human
rights record as was with his first
administration alright we've run out of
time so we're gonna have to end the
discussion there thanks to all our
guests Oh II son Bridget Welsh and funks
you and thank you too for watching you
can see the programme again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com and
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
me Mohammed Jim Jim and the whole team
here bye for now
you
you
