police have regained control of the
high-security prison near Jakarta and at
56 inmates most of them detained on
terrorism charges managed to take over
three of the six prison blocks on
Tuesday the rioting prisoners took six
policemen hostage and killed five of
them in what command is described as
brutal murders one was later released
ISIL claims responsibility for the
hostage siege and uploaded photos and
videos on websites suggesting from
inside Depok prison
police say the inmates seized a
storeroom of weapons and explosives
confiscated during anti-terrorism rates
police commanders deny a deal was made
with the inmates to secure their
surrender about the explosions we heard
we were finalizing the sterilization
process because for about 40 hours the
prisoners were taken hostages and making
bombs that's why we exploded and
demolished a few hundred Indonesians
have joined ISIL and those in Depok
prison are either convicted or awaiting
trial for involvement in attacks one of
the prisoners demand was to meet a
self-proclaimed leader of ISIL in
Indonesia Aman Abdul Rahman was on trial
for an attack in Jakarta two years ago
prosecutors say he planned the attack
from inside prison Letran Habib has
carried out research in 12 prisons
holding terrorists convicts he says in
most cases guards are incapable of
controlling the prisoners let alone to
de-radicalization to tejani
those convicted on terrorism charges
consider prison a place for them to
study like an academy their University
of jihad to them prisons are not
considered a place where they will
change their ideology they learn inside
prison they recruit others after they
surrender the prisoners have been moved
to another prison on an island in Java
but questions have been raised about how
security's plans to build a top security
jail especially for prisoners convicted
of terrorism have been postponed for
years the hostage crisis has been
resolved relatively small
questions remain how could this happen
inside one of the country's most secured
prison and why are confiscated weapons
and explosives stored inside a prison
compound all clear signs according to
experts that Indonesia's prison system
needs a complete overhaul step fasten al
Jazeera in Depok south of jakarta
