it's not the end that he wanted but it
is one that he has fought to have at a
hundred and four years old the
Australian scientist David good-old has
spent the last few days saying goodbye
to friends and relatives before
journeying halfway across the world to
end his life he's not suffering from any
serious illness but is stressed by his
increasing dependence on relatives to
look after him he played tennis until he
was 90 years old and performed in a
theater group as his physical condition
deteriorated made worse by a fall
his daughter Karen provided
round-the-clock support to avoid going
into a care home
ultimately it was dr. Goodall's own
decision to go through with the assisted
suicide one that his family has had to
come to terms with he's lived a really
good a hundred and four years and so you
know whatever happens whatever choices
are made they're up to him assisted
suicide is approved in the Australian
state of Victoria where dr. Goodall once
lived and where he previously attempted
to take his own life because he's not
terminally ill he was denied the state's
help to kill himself an advocacy group
exid international raised money for his
trip to an end-of-life clinic in
Switzerland and accompanied him along
with his relatives a common question
that's polled if you're sick sick no
chance of recovery should you be able to
get lawful help to die you'll get 8 out
of 10 people in most Western countries
will say yes to that the question really
is why hasn't that translated through
the democratic process into a evolution
of legislation it's a bit harder to
answer mainly we think that it's fear on
the part of many politicians that
they'll be targeted because of their
support for something that they would
see is controversial in this case
ultimately it came down to one man's
desire to choose what
he said would be a peaceful dignified
death a decision dr. Goodall hopes
everyone can sympathize with as well as
respect
Sonia a go al-jazeera
