the release of the Americans is another
sign of the thawing relationship between
Pyongyang and Washington and improves
the climate for the proposed summit
between Donald Trump and Kim jong-un the
US president has pushed the case for
months saying there'd been constant
pressure here likewise fighting very
diligently to get the three American
citizens back reports that the three had
been moved from a labor camp to a hotel
in the capital was followed closely in
South Korea there they received better
food and medical treatment this is what
we know about the three men kim
gyeong-cheol is a South Korean born US
citizen who worked as a religious
minister in his early 60s he was
detained in 2015 on spying charges a
year later he was sentenced to 10 years
hard labor at a government arranged news
conference he apparently confessed to
stealing military secrets while working
with South Korea a claim rejected by
Seoul two of the men have been detained
since Donald Trump became President Kim
Hawk song was detained on suspicion of
hostile acts in May 2017 believed to be
an ethnic Korean born in China he
emigrated to the u.s. in the 1990s he
worked at Pyongyang University of
Science and Technology Kim Jong duck who
goes by Tony Kim was arrested in April
2017 he also worked at the University
and was accused of hostile acts Trump
had been suggesting that unless the
North Koreans take real denuclearization
steps that he wouldn't go to the summit
well the North Koreans have given him
something else very easy for them to
give and now the summit will absolutely
go ahead Donald Trump used to call the
North Korean leader little rocket man
and warned of a hostile reaction to
further threats of attack from their
best not make any more threats to the
United States they will be met with fire
and fury like the world has never seen
then in March there was a dramatic
turnaround when President Trump
announced summit plans after a visit by
a South Korean delegation to the White
House the man who is now US Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo followed up with
visits to North Korea to lay the
groundwork for talks with President
Trump as three Americans celebrate their
release the family of student otto
warmbier will
thinking of what could have been
arrested in North Korea and held for 17
months he returned to the u.s. in a
vegetative state and died days later
Warren beers parents have lodged a
wrongful death suit against the North
Korean government Kathy Novak al Jazeera
Seoul
