it was 1983 and the Lebanese civil war
had been fought for eight years in an
attack the United States would blame on
Iran a truck bomb explosion killed 241
Marines at their barracks in Beirut fast
forward to 2016 the US Supreme Court
upheld a ruling in the case of Bank mark
Ossie versus Peterson the judges froze
two billion dollars in Iranian assets
and held Iran financially responsible
for acts of so-called state-sponsored
terrorism a US is defending that
decision at the International Court of
Justice in The Hague Iran comes to the
court with unclean hands indeed it is a
remarkable show of bad faith that Iran
now seeks relief from this court because
of the outcome of the Petersons
proceeding which arose from Iran's
support for a brutal and deadly
terrorist attack an act which the
Iranian leadership both Iran denied any
involvement in the Beirut blasts but at
the time celebrated the incident the US
legal team linked today's Iran to Wars
of the past you will also see the name
of Hassan rouhani the current president
of Iran who was at the time a member of
the supreme security council as a
representative of Iran's supreme leader
Ayatollah Khomeini in other words mr.
president members of the court there is
continuity at the most senior levels
between then and now as the Americans
made their case missing perhaps was
historical context to the attack itself
US backed Iraq had declared war on Iran
in 1980 Lebanon was halfway through a
complicated civil war exacerbated by the
Israeli invasion of southern Lebanon in
the weeks leading up to the barracks
bombing a u.s. warship in the
Mediterranean Sea backing Israel and its
proxies in Lebanon launched missile
strikes on neighborhoods in Beirut with
links to Iran and Syria where America is
trying to paint a picture in black and
white
Iran Ian's are likely to see regional
conflicts in shades of gray America
cannot put itself in the position of an
international judge accuse Iran in their
domestic court and then condemned Iran
implement the ruling and confiscate
Iran's assets it's obvious that their
evidence
is illegal and the incident itself is
also under question while the World
Court has no power to enforce decisions
for Iran there's more on the line than
two billion dollars this case is another
chance for Iran to take America to task
on a world stage opening remarks by the
US legal team looked to be a tough act
to follow
lawyers representing the Iranian side
begin their opening remarks on Wednesday
Zane Basra v al-jazeera Teflon
