from this fairground it's difficult to
tell that Iran is going through a
diplomatic crisis Iran's leaders are
highlighting the merits of the country's
century-old oil industry and they're
looking for foreign investment to the
tune of two hundred billion dollars I
have a recommendation for foreign
companies that are here if these
companies want to have an important role
in the market of Iran in the region they
should try to cooperate with Iranian
companies and do their job as they have
chosen Iran as a partner Iran is not a
country one could overlook in the global
market and energy sector they made the
layer development but relying on
enormous domestic potential God willing
we will continue our plans but in the
face of US sanctions it's a hard sell
the fate of the joint comprehensive plan
of action more commonly known as the
2015 nuclear deal has become the most
important factor for doing business with
Iran but the issue is so provocative no
one was willing to speak about it on
camera
there are many European countries
represented here but the booths are
smaller than they were in previous years
especially right after the nuclear deal
was signed many of the exhibitors we
spoke to say they like doing business
with Iranians and see enormous potential
in Iran's market but for now no big
deals are being signed and no one is
making any real money it would seem that
scare tactics by Washington are having
the desired effect
Iranian companies here are worried about
more bad economic weather but say this
is just the storm before the calm
beneath the
International companies to come to Iran
but the absence of them still we can not
only operate or existing facilities but
developed oil field and gas fields
companies like this one operated by the
Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps will
no doubt continue to play an important
part in the country's economic
strategies had ruthless in Adana
everyday Americans make a new excuse
they want to conclude every issue in a
way to benefit themselves so should we
give up no we are a powerful country
with great resources in the world for
example in oil and gas we ranked first
and this is also true about other
resources
Iran's growth potential makes it a
difficult market for investors to ignore
so there is some optimism one
businessman told us there is always a
light at the end of the tunnel but the
burning of bridges between Washington
and Tehran is only making that tunnel
longer
