they're calling for troops from the
United Arab Emirates to leave the island
of Socotra the people who live here say
they're normally rebels on the island
that means UAE forces have no reason to
stay Emiratis soldiers stand up on
Thursday forcing out here many troops
and taking over some strategic locations
they say it's part of the operation to
back forces loyal to exile the Yemeni
president Abdel Rahman Mansour Hadi
socotra is a world heritage site known
for its unique and pristine natural
environment it's located just off the
coast of Somalia with access to major
shipping routes the head of a Provincial
Council in Yemen says the UAE soldiers
should leave these forces are present in
socotra Aram Mahara in volumes that
can't be understood
there are illegitimate troops in these
areas are there forces that belong to
the Houthis to be fought by the
coalition here the answer is a big no
Yemen's war pits
iranian-backed Houthi rebels in the
north against troops loyal to exile
president Hadi the UAE is part of a
saudi-led coalition that stepped in
three years ago to support Hadi whose
power base is in the southern city of
Aden that's where the UAE has been
growing its influence funding and
training armed Yemeni groups now the UAE
is on the island of Socotra Yemen's
prime minister says the Emirati
deployment there is an assault on Yemen
sovereignty these protesters agree
they're also worried about mats the
island eunuch will be destroyed too
Mohammed or Al Jazeera
