with the may 12th deadline just days
away president Donald Trump's new legal
adviser offered this assessment of the
Iran nuclear deal to a gathering of
Iranian dissidents in Washington what do
you think is going to happen to that
agreement that nuclear agreement
president Trump a longtime critic of the
pact is threatening to pull out of the
deal by Saturday unless it can be
improved on Sunday Iranian president
Hassan rouhani offered a stern warning
America leaves the nuclear accord it
will soon see that this will entail
historic remorse for it the United
States along with four other countries
and the European Union signed the joint
comprehensive plan of action with Iran
in 2015 under the jcpoa Iran agreed not
to pursue nuclear weapons in exchange
for the easing of sanctions President
Trump says the deal was flawed from the
start in part because it allows some
nuclear provisions to sunset in 2025
he's also blasted Iran for its use of
ballistic missiles in the region and has
accused her on of supporting terrorism
European allies have been pressing the
u.s. president not to scrap the deal UK
media say British Foreign Minister Boris
Johnson is traveling to Washington to
meet with senior administration
officials on the issue that visit
followed similar meetings in Washington
last month with French president
Emmanuel macron and German Chancellor
Angela Merkel who both agree the pact
isn't perfect but think it can be
improved in an interview on Sunday
Britain's ambassador to the u.s.
expressed optimism about keeping the
u.s. in the deal on those issues we have
ideas we think that we can you can find
some language produce some action that
meets the president's concerns there are
reports that former Secretary of State
John Kerry who helped negotiate the
jcpoa under President Barack Obama is
also meeting with foreign leaders to
save the deal some Republicans in
Congress say they aren't opposed to
scrapping it but it buys the president
to be careful you need to have a clear
eye
about next steps if we are going to pull
out President Trump maintains he still
hasn't made up his mind what he'll do
but time is running out
Dyan Estabrook al jazeera Washington
