these are the latest victims in what
appears to be a series of attacks on
voter registration centers where Afghans
go to pick up their identification cards
for the elections in October we were
praying at the mosque when a huge blast
occurred I don't know what happened next
police say a bomb was planted in the
mosque in host province which was
doubling up as a voter registration
center two weeks ago an ISIL bombing
killed around 60 people in the Afghan
capital Kabul the centers opened three
weeks ago as part of the long process to
get voters properly registered President
Ashraf Ghani has condemned the attack
but many Afghans blame the government
for failing to provide the centers with
adequate security
fortunately we witnessed a strong
explosion in coast city more than 10
people were killed and more than 30 were
injured in this explosion we have women
and children among the victims
allegations of fraud have long plagued
elections in Afghanistan the
registration process is designed to
guard against that the Independent
Election Commission says it hopes as
many as 15 million people will register
for the parliamentary and District
Council elections but the Election
Commissioner admits turnout so far is
already low this latest blast will do
little to reassure people the signing up
to vote is worth the risk
Victoria Gaytan be al Jazeera
