there are few places more remote than
the island of who there Emmanuel macron
came here to make a point
that he's prepared to travel anywhere
literally and politically in the name of
reconciliation we are at six months from
the referendum and I just wanted to
first of all revert to sometimes very
difficult past we had an especially here
in Vale an island were 30 years ago we
had a very very tough attack there's a
lot of victims so it's very important to
reconcile everybody which is a
precondition of a fair referendum second
to be sure that system will be organized
in a perfect way which would be the case
and there's a control of the United
Nation but third I want to convey as
well the ambition of France in the
region macro is the first French
president ever to visit over where in
1988 political violence killed more than
20 people after losing what they saw as
a rigged referendum on independence a
group of pro independent indigenous
Kanak men stormed a police station
killing four policemen and taking more
than 20 others hostage for two weeks the
policemen were held in a cave before
Frances government sent in soldiers they
freed the hostages killing 19 of those
the French government called terrorists
in the process Patricia Diana's brother
was one of those killed on May the 5th
1988 she's marked the day every year
since at his grave which has become a
memorial to the Kanak victims
30 years on they are still scars we want
justice to be down I hope that macro
makes a big gesture so that they did not
die in vain on Saturday president macro
joined commemorations meeting family
members of those on both sides who died
this is the most significant part of
president macrons trip 30 years after
the events of the late 1980s he's told
people here that he wants to open a new
chapter between the French government
and
the violence of the 1980s led to a peace
process which both sides agreed would
lead ultimately to another referendum
that's what's happening finally in
November Matt grant wants to ensure that
this time independent supporters see the
vote as credible after Britain leaves
the European Union France will be the
only EU country with territory in the
Pacific Matt grant thinks that will give
his country a strategic edge in the
region but keeping this specific
territory peacefully within France comes
first Andrew Thomas al-jazeera / New
Caledonia
