it's painful for Yolanda to look back at
the time before she was hit by
hydrocephalus a debilitating condition
in which excess fluid builds up in the
brain it's left her with massive
headaches and speech problems everything
changed because I was a sports woman
before I spent 20 years doing sports and
I sold clothing everything ended she
hoped that an operation at Mexico's
flagship Institute for neurology and
neurosurgery would help her but what she
didn't know was that doctors would fit
her with an experimental and
unauthorized device and not just her 473
other patients who went to the facility
were also implanted they were
essentially guinea pigs in an unofficial
trial carried out over a period of 14
years they never asked me anything
before operating they said something to
my husband but never that they were
going to do an experiment three doctors
working at the Institute at the time
spoke to Al Jazeera they all said that
like Yolanda the nearly 500 patients
weren't told the device was unauthorized
nobody's case file included an informed
consent about the experimental nature of
the device not one the National
Institute has refused to clarify if
patients were informed or not but we got
access to six patient files this is
what's key to all of this the medical
consent form in one of the cases and
it's very general it doesn't mention
that this is an experimental device that
hasn't been authorized by the Health
Ministry with but that's not all the
three doctors al Jazeera talked to say
the device was simply a tube that relied
on gravity to drain away fluid from the
brain down to the stomach area and that
relying on gravity meant that if a
patient laid down it would flow back
other devices use valves to stop that
you know it's won't do it's just a tube
it's technology from the 50s it doesn't
represent any sort of progress
via published studies the inventor of
the tube claimed it's precisely
calculated diameter did regulate flow
and stopped fluid going back to the
brain even when patients were reclined
he said it worked better than valvular
devices doctors told us several patients
had to have the device replaced but it's
unclear how many suffered from any ill
effects the names of those implanted
haven't been released and many came from
poor remote communities it's a problem
especially with patients without much
money they feel ok and they go there
last Yolanda was able to have another
device fitted several years ago but her
health continues to worsen at this point
her hopes of getting better or for
justice are fading John Holman
al-jazeera Mexico City
