on the yemeni island of Socotra people
protest against the UAE military
presence Emirati soldiers arrived on the
island earlier this week
forcing yemeni troops to leave key
locations a government minister says the
Emirati forces are a threat to Yemen's
sovereignty he's calling for nationwide
protests on Sunday the UAE is part of
the saudi-led coalition supporting
Yemen's internationally recognized
government led by President Abid Rabbu
Mansour Hadi it's fighting against
Iranian backed Houthi rebels who control
large parts of the country but the UAE
has promoted other separatists in
southern Yemen at the expense of the
government analysts say the UAE has a
wider goal in mind if we consider the
strategy that the united arab emirates
have driven in Yemen over the past three
years actually we see that there is a
pattern evolving which doesn't
necessarily directly concern fighting
the Houthis or reinstating the
Hadi government as it was said in 2015
when the coalition started but it's more
about securing Emirati interests in the
south of Yemen access to the Indian
Ocean access to the bubble Munda Yemen
has suffered three years of war in which
thousands of people have died the Yemeni
government now based in the southern
port city of Aden relies on the
coalition's air power which is why
criticism of the UAE by ministers is
rare but not unheard of three months ago
a minister accused the UAE of trying to
fragment the country by creating what he
called separate regional and tribal
armies a Saudi delegation has been sent
to mediate this latest crisis in a war
that gets more complicated by the day
Victoria Gaytan be al-jazeera
