Karl Marx is everywhere in Trier his
face is on posters his name is on street
science his image is even on the traffic
lights tourists are flocking to the
house where he was born and to coincide
with the bicentenary three new
exhibitions are opening here to examine
Marx's life and his pioneering work in
political theory and economics Marx is
such an important thinker because he
connected and analyzed society and a
developing capitalist production in a
way no one else did so intensively it is
especially that connection that's so
significant
even though announced himself evident
and we can learn to do the same thing
today for our circumstances because we
live in complicated times translated
into dozens of languages Marx's
Communist Manifesto changed the world it
inspired revolutions in China Russia
Cambodia and Cuba and profoundly
influenced modern-day Social Democrats
across Europe and beyond his prediction
the communism would inevitably overthrow
capitalism has since been proved wrong
but Marx's analysis of the unequal
relationship between workers and
capitalists bosses remains relevant to
this day Germany has a somewhat
ambivalent attitude towards Marx but in
tree air he is embraced in a way that
the man himself may not have appreciated
the bicentennial of the godfather of
communism is actually turning into
something of a capitalist bonanza for
the town of Trier here in the souvenir
shops there's a whole variety of Karl
Marx products on sale Karl Marx Brooks
Karl Marx keyrings
a money box and mug even a Karl Marx
rubber duck and here look a Karl Marx
wine naturally it's a red wine
perhaps this image appropriation proves
that his analysis was actually correct
he would see his theories as being
confirmed because he wrote that
everything becomes goods or merchandise
in capitalism now he himself has become
merchandise Marx's image is certainly
iconic his profile instantly
recognizable at Marx's funeral Friedrich
Engels eulogized his name will endure
through the ages and so also will his
work it certainly has Paul Brennan
aljazeera tree heir
