it's the last day of election
campaigning opponents trade accusations
and Lebanon's main political parties vie
for a bigger say this is a country that
is divided along sectarian lines Prime
Minister Sardar Hariri the most powerful
Sunni politician here has told his
supporters that this election is about
protecting against Iran's growing
influence this election is a
confrontation between two visions one
that wants to protect Beirut's identity
while the other aims to change its
identity
well hurry Lee accuses his main rival
and Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah of
controlling Lebanon's decision-making
process the Lebanese shouldn't listen to
anyone who wants to drag the country
into civil war
Saudi Arabia and Iran remain locked in a
battle for regional influence people
here are worried about their future
haha Saudi Arabia has its men in Lebanon
and Iran has its men in Lebanon the
country will continue to be the
battlefield for this struggle for now
it's political unless it turns into a
military confrontation Hariri has
stepped up his campaign Beirut is his
stronghold while no Salah is eager to
make more gains in the Bekaa Valley and
the South Columbia Sarah Ludemann the
regional influence paralyzes the
government it paralyzes political life
Lebanon had no president for two years
and this was a result of regional
disagreements sure in 2016 Saudi Arabia
and Iran set aside their differences
bathing the way for the election of a
new president and a new government led
by Hariri but it's not clear if that
deal would hold amid the growing tension
between the regional rivals this is a
crucial moment not only for Lebanon but
also for the two political heavyweights
Saudi Arabia and Iran
will ensure the local allies will
consolidate the gains in the election
hashmap our Al Jazeera Beirut
