the UAE has deployed more soldiers in
Yemen's remote island of Socotra the
Gulf country has been expanding its
influence not just in southern Yemen but
across the Red Sea and Horn of Africa
region so what's behind this military
buildup this is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm Jane
Dutton the flag of the united arab
emirates has been raised over public
buildings and Yemen's remote island of
Socotra that's near Somalia's
northeastern coast some locals here as a
power grab at the expense of their
internationally recognized government
led by the President of rubber Mansour
Hadi and the Hadi government says the
UAE action is an act of hostility
formally they are allies in the
saudi-led war against the Houthi rebels
in the capital sana but the UAE has
promoted separatists in the south and
now calls the shots in large parts of
that region and socotra island will
bring in I guess a moment but first Alex
Katsopolis has this report showing
support for Yemen's prime minister
equiping dagger hundreds of Yemenis took
to the streets of Socotra as the UAE
boost his presence on this remote island
in the Gulf of Aden the United Arab
Emirates flew in soldiers along with
tanks and armored vehicles they're shown
here setting up a security cordon having
expelled local troops from the airport
Yemeni government sources have since
confirmed to Al Jazeera that UAE troops
have also taken control of the main port
and denied the Yemeni prime minister and
most of his cabinet permission to leave
situated off the coast of Somaliland the
UNESCO heritage site known to many as
the Galapagos of the Indian Ocean is
famous for its unusual wildlife and
scenery but with a 3,000 meter long
runway ideal for fighter jets and large
military aircraft the island is also
situated between the Horn of Africa and
Yemen just beyond the Red Sea and some
of the busiest sea lanes in the world
what they have done here is they have
found an island which is very remote
from both Yemen and Somalia it's very
far off the coast but it's very
strategically located and it kind of
acts as a quasi aircraft carrier in the
minute for the UAE in the middle of the
Indian Ocean where they can control
traffic and obviously if you control the
traffic you can also give favorable
access to these sea lanes to companies
that are related to the UAE so it's a
military and geopolitical strategy which
is very much linked to the economic
strategy of in our united arab emirate
having already invested heavily in
Somaliland and expanded the commercial
port of Berbera the UAE s control of
Socotra is seen by many as the latest
move by the Emirates to spread its
influence well beyond its borders people
have often remarked on the strategic
value of Socotra there have been
speculations that that one power another
might try to actually establish a
presence on on the island with the war
in Yemen entering its fourth year the
UAE now controls much of the south of
the country with the strong presence on
both sides of the entrance to the Red
Sea and socotra placed right in the
middle Alex go topless Inside Story
let's get straight at the story and
bring in our guests in London via Skype
Mohammed Zuma is a writer for El cuts Al
Arabi newspaper in Oxford Samuel Romani
research at Oxford University and
specialists on conflict in Yemen in
Beirut Beth and McCain Middle East
reporter for the independent and author
of the first eyewitness report on the
UAE in socotra very good to have you
with us I'm going to come to you first
Mohammed Jame considering your
relationship with the government and
your understanding of the way it works
what do you make of the fact that the
UAE and its troops on socotra have
refused to let government delegates
including the prime minister leave the
island what's going on there what sort
of statement is that well I think it
goes back to the to the relationship the
relationship between the government
Hadi's government and the emirates this
reminds us of happened few months ago in
Aden when there was a conflict between
the soldiers and troops related to the
south and transitional council which is
supported by the emirate the Emiratis
and the troops of the government
supported by Hardy's government now
yesterday and the day before we are
facing the same stage of this hidden
let's say conflict between Hadees
between Hari and the Emiratis but it
seems that the Emirates want to expand
their control over this island because
there is no Hafiz there so that they can
say we are fighting the Houthis we are
supporting the government again the
houses because they this island is in
the in the south and it is in the Indian
Ocean exactly so that excuse away
doesn't it the Houthis are tracked the
HOTAS are not there anyway all the
troops in socotra yemen and covered by
heidi but from the Emiratis point of
view i think they warned this important
island for its own size in the country
it is Minh Island for its its site it's
in the middle like in the middle between
the Gulf and the African horn and it's
as the Emiratis want to present
themselves as a mediator between the
west and the east and this island is
very important strategically for
Emirates ok the soldiers out there let
me just bring in Samuel Romani if I made
you just go back to what we saw happen
in the last couple of our most recent
developments stopping this government
delegation from leaving I mean do you
agree that this is just part of the
fallout between the UAE and the hatty
government is it a real statement that
doesn't matter where you are or was it
just easy pickings for them on socotra I
think it is a sign of a major falling
out between the UAE and the hatty
government because the UAE has lost
confidence and Haddie's ability to
restore stability and to restore a
secular state Yemen that's what his
primary goal is had he has not achieved
a substantial victory over the hoody
since Aden and that was over two years
ago the UAE initially cast their lot
with Sally and then when Sally died in
December they cast her a lot with a
salty many separatists who are directly
kind of combating with Hedy and now in
socotra they're finding yet another
avenue and you get another place is
digitally important in the Horn of
Africa and in Yemen to conflict against
the heavy government I think this is a
sign of the UAE and Saudi Arabia I
broadly disagreed over had a long term
by a
the UAE believe he's not viable and he's
lost his legitimacy in his home region
and across the country we're in Saudi
Arabia believes he's the only potential
bulwark against Iranian expansion in the
country Bethan mckernon do you see this
is a statement of UAE
growing dominance and control in Yemen I
think so I think part of the reason that
socotra is so fascinating is it's this
mix of the UAE s both hard and soft
power strategies both in Yemen and in
the wider sort of Horn of Africa region
the fact that the Prime Minister and his
delegation haven't been allowed to leave
according to Yemeni media reports in the
last day or two really is a sign from
the UAE that they are here to stay the
unloading of heavy Mojave artillery on
the island for the first time again is
very much the UAE flexing its muscle and
showing that they have designs which are
definitely at odds with the hardy
government even though on paper they are
allies in in the fight against the
Houthis on on the mainland
Bethan it's due to you that we have a
lot of this knowledge of what's
happening on socotra you've managed to
find out about the UAE troop buildup and
possibly more about the intention so
tell us what it is that you saw from a
military point of view and what you see
as their strategy there from a military
point of view there's at least one base
on the island that's not new information
the UAE did admit that in May last year
what is not known is who exactly is
operating from there we know that's
Emirati troops are sent there for
intensive first aid and battlefield
training and then they go on to fights
on the mainland it's not clear whether
there are any specialized troops there
whether there are any secret black sites
there the way that the UAE has been
alleged by The Associated Press to be
operating from Eritrea and quite a few
places in southern Yemen and it's not
clear what the relationship is between
the Emirati military presence on the
island and the Yemeni government forces
on the island it did seem locals told us
that governments and soldiers salaries
are being topped up by the UAE on top of
what they
earn from the government in Arden but as
we've seen in the last couple of days it
looks like any of the soldiers stationed
there who are from the Yemeni mainland
have been kicked out and sent home or at
least that appears to be the plan
according to what are quite a few
sources who are there at the moment have
told me so like I say it's not just hard
power there there are no Houthis to
fight there's no indication that the
island could become the front for
anything violent but it's most
definitely an extension of what they're
doing in southern Yemen and like I say
the the build-up of the military and the
fact that Emirati commanders do walk
around the town quite freely and have
been a presence for some time now shows
that little by little the Emirates
really have taken control of this place
politically as well as militarily
Muhammad the Haddy government has called
us an act of hostility and I'm just
wondering where this leads the
government cuz it's quite an
extraordinary statement isn't it if you
got your own troops walking around
stopping the prime minister from leaving
when it comes to the question of
sovereignty for example well as we said
earlier the relationship between the
Emiratis and Hadi's government is not
that it's not that good and there are
many concerns from hadees' point of view
regarding the Emiratis behavior in the
south and in Socotra it seems that the
Amorites are not happy with the
movements done by mr. bin Duggar the
Prime Minister recently when he moved
from Aden to Al Mukalla had remote and
ibn and he went to this far island which
is controlled by the Emeritus now so
they are not and seemingly happy of
these movements they want to say that
any sort of movement any sort of action
on the ground must be must be taken
permission from the Emiratis now there
are some reports today that the Saudis
and a committee to see the situation
there they are going to talk as the
says to the Prime Minister who is still
there in habibu which is the capital of
this island and they are going to talk
to the Marathi is that to try to
reconcile and solve this problem okay
Samuel where do you think this leaves
Saudi Arabia they are sending a
delegation to socotra but alongside that
you've got their relationship with the
UAE which has been strained because of
the UAE gaining of power in the EM and
the fact that the UAE is supporting the
southern transitional council in the
south of the country
I think this lead Saudi Arabia in quite
a difficult position because Saudi
Arabia and the UAE Alliance was seen as
the cornerstone of their strategy
towards the Gulf and December 5th they
crystallized that into a coherent
doctrine so now these latent tensions
over Yemen now that they've exploded
Saudi Arabia needs to mitigate the
damage Denise and her damage control
mode it needs to convince the UAE that
acting unilaterally by supporting the
South Yemenis and then by supporting any
other groups that oppose hatty whether
it beans or thoughts are elsewhere in
the country is just arming and embolden
a the hoodies and uranium back forces so
the Saudi Arabians first of all want to
help dialogue and socotra re-establish a
sense of unity and consensus about who
their real big enemy is and why they
have to stay united to confront that and
secondly I think that Saudi Arabia will
ferment any kind of pro hatty
demonstrations like the ones we've been
seeing in socotra against Thiele a
military occupation to give missio a
heed the the costs of intervening
unilaterally and violating Yemen's
sovereignty in this way are too high and
that they must stay the courses in the
GCC I mean this is an ideal part of a
broader ideological struggle between
Mohammed bin Zayed secular vision and
Mohammed bin Salman is vision of just a
containing Iran's Sunni nationalism and
this is going to and socotra and and
South Yemen are major theaters in the US
and Saudi Arabia wants to get the upper
hand in this diplomatic struggle
okay now let's take a closer look at the
US military role in Yemen and North
Africa and we really see an interesting
picture forming here my guests have
touched on this and the country has
bases along the southern coast of Yemen
the main port city of Aden is dominated
by UAE backed separatists on the African
side of the Red Sea it operates the a
sub nave
and airbase in Eritrea the UAE is
building a military base in Berber and
Somalia's breakaway region of Somaliland
and Dubai's DP world has signed a
30-year deal to manage the berber port
an agreement that has not been
recognized by the Somali government in
Mogadishu the UAE is also developing the
port of pesasso in Puntland another part
of Somalia whose self-governing status
is not internationally recognized the
UAE
is training and equipping the local
maritime police force there but its
relations have soured with Somalia last
month
Mogadishu disbanded a UAE program to
train some of its troops soon after it
seized millions of dollars from a UAE
plane when you look at the Horn of
Africa and I know we've touched on it
briefly and you look at the multiple
players involved there not just the UAE
Saudi Arabia we've got France and China
and the US and cat and increasingly
Turkey
it's quite a worrying picture coming
from there isn't it I mean you really
see a buildup of control and it's all
about I guess access to these sea ways
these ports yeah 100% this is sort of
what modern empire building looks like
in the 21st century I guess and this is
we're seeing the UAE evolving into what
used to be quite content
estate and I'm sorry a group of nations
it used to be quite content to be led by
Saudi Arabia the big brother in the
region but in the aftermath of the Arab
Spring has realized that maybe these
existing structures are not as solid as
they were previously and therefore is
become one of the most interventionist
players in in the entire region what
you're seeing is the the buying up in
the monopolizing of all of these ports
along the Red Sea even actually as far
as Limassol in the eastern Mediterranean
all the way into the Indian Ocean it is
it is definitely a big game plan but a
lot of these places are sort of under
the radar of most news organizations
and most of most Western powers they're
not places with significant assets
they're not places where wars are being
fought anymore necessarily but this is
why socotra I think has become the
epicenter of this strategy it's almost
become a sort of Crimea esque situation
where both softs the soft pulled towards
the UAE and the US money is quite
beguiling for socotra is residents they
have been long marginalized by the
mainland governments they will have to
fend for themselves basically after
these two huge cyclones rips across the
island in 2015 they destroyed 80% of the
islands roads they made one third of the
population homeless and Hardees
government did almost nothing to
alleviate that so the fact that the UAE
has come a long offering health care
offering to rebuild schools offering in
some cases it appears that socotra is
the guest in special work visas go to
Abu Dhabi and this is a place where
unemployment is rife where people are
very poor and the Rihanna has obviously
suffered a lot in the last couple of
years due to the conflict these are all
things that are 100% pulls towards the
UAE away from the mainland Yemeni
government and it's I think maybe
something that gets lost in this
discussion is yes this is an ideological
battle between the major powers between
Abu Dhabi between riyadh between the
government that supposedly sits in Aden
but on the ground the countries
themselves are very often quite
ambivalent towards the states of Yemen
or the modern state as it currently
exists they they feel like they've been
ignored for a very long time and this is
one of the major reasons the UAE has
been able to get a foothold here it's
because they've offered people the
things that Yemen was not offering them
so if you're looking at the way modern
power plays out in this part of the
world and it makes a lot of sense from
from an on the ground perspective
definitely okay so they feel they've
been ignored and you're confirming that
they indeed have samuel money talks if
you look at what's happening in socotra
in Yemen in the Horn of Africa and the
players they're throwing money at troops
we've got you know plane loads of cash
that that have been stopped a UAE
plane in the Horn of Africa and I'm just
wondering how this plays out as far as
the blockade is concerned with cat ah
because cat has also got interest there
cation turkey versus the UAE Saudi
Arabia and other players there yeah I
agree this is a very interesting
complication of the UAE and Saudi Arabia
are having dissension and discord over
socotra because if you look at this
purely from a realist geopolitical
perspective it would be in their
interest to stay in at it one of the big
reasons why the UAE is reacting so
strongly to the plane low-low seizure of
money of ten million dollars and has
been those diplomatic crisis is because
somalia is not only aligned with turkey
but is also aligned with qatar and
support given them de facto support
within the arab league against the
blockade so i think that ultimately this
is going to be a broader struggle
between Turkey and Qatar and Saudi
Arabia and the UAE for control which
which ever since the the coup in July
2016 has been burgeoning over the course
of this region turkey has a strong
stronghold in in Somalia but Somaliland
and Ethiopia seem to be leaning towards
the UAE at least and Saudi Arabia has a
foothold in Djibouti I think as of now
and already seems to be playing excuse
me jumping in the plays or plays don't
as does Djibouti Djibouti is an
interesting case over here I think that
China obviously has the upper hand over
in Djibouti just in general simply
because of its control of the military
base and now it's asking to blow the
port in March which would be if it has
it would probably surpass anything the
UAE has in Barbara and this is in
different stakeholders so it has an
advantage
beyond them you is probably the second
most powerful actor there and the Saudis
have a military base there as well as
the US having a crew crucial military
installation and supply facilitate I
would probably act towards the defense
of the UAE interests there because they
both are interested in countering
terrorism in the Sahel so I think that
there the US and the UAE are probably
going to be for combating against China
for supremacy in Djibouti because it's
just because of a nature of strategic
interest and a desire to contain China
in Africa in spite of the Trump
administration's relatively undeveloped
out for can strategize Mohammed a
weakened Yemen obviously plays into
what's happening in the Horn of Africa
and the discourse there
when it comes to political developments
between these players the proxy wars the
potential proxy wars growing proxy wars
where are we this is the problem now
because it we have so many factions in
Yemen so many parties conflicting
parties and there is no way for one of
these parties to win this war and at the
same time there is no way of any of them
could think of a political solution
peaceful solution and because it's again
it is sort of religion regional war it's
difficult for the inside faction to
decide because the decision is sometimes
outside now we can refer back to the
what the martin griffith said about the
importance of the political solution
peaceful solution and how difficult it
is unless or if the regional powers like
iran's all these emirates and some other
international powers like united states
and russia could agree to an political
solution indian and it's difficult for
the Yemenis themselves to bring back
peace to their country especially when
we find this expanding and it takes
different ways and it takes different
agenda and so many factions being
married during this war so many militias
it's it's difficult to say when are we
going to take the first step towards the
peaceful solution as long as the Yemenis
inside and the regional powers thinking
that the military solution or military
solution will be the way hmm
the military solution being the way with
its and Yemen the Horn of Africa also
the interest in Sahel but Bethan if we
can just look at socotra and if this
plays out in socotra and how important
an island this is away from its military
potential as a launching pad I mean it's
fragile ecosystem and what it means for
the world socotra is a yeah it's a very
Dalek
closed ecosystem it's the last remnants
of subtract of subtropical forests which
is about 20 million years old it's been
treasured by conservationists and
biologists since modern day exploration
of its species and its flora and fauna
began but access has always been very
difficult the islands been under threat
by human activity for at least the last
200 years the archipelago's sort of
gradually drying out which is changing
the climate which is already quite arid
and there's over grazing and lots of the
really precious dragon's blood trees
that are endemic to the island they
don't grow anywhere else have been
felled for making room for homes and for
pasture and that kind of thing but when
the airstrip - connecting the island so
mainland Yemen was built in 1999 a lot
of conservationists have said that that
really sped up the the effects that we
were already seeing damaging the
ecosystem on the island and now that the
Emirates are there what many people are
very worried about is that there might
be this large scale development for
example one emirati businessman that's
my reporting partner and i came across
told us that he was going to build
five-star hotels across the island and
it currently has very little
infrastructure that would support that
so the question is how on earth can
something like that be achieved which
could be actually a positive development
for the island if it was managed
properly and if it brought jobs and it
bought income and it brought more
prosperity to its residents but there's
so little known about what the UAE s
long-term plans are whether he wants to
be once the contras would be just a
military base or a military base come
holiday resort I mean it's it is it is a
paradise there is no air like here on
earth it's it's definitely a sort of
jewel in the Emirates crown if it
suddenly becomes this kind of a sort of
vassal Emirates okay let's really
weirdin but if I'm afraid we've run out
of time thanks very much for that
talking about they graying victims of
this Yemen war Samuel Romani Beth and
McKiernan and Mohammed Zuma thank you
very much for your thoughts on this you
can see the program again anytime
visiting our website aljazeera.com for
further discussion you can go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside store you can also join the
conversation on Twitter handle is that
AJ and side story mine is at Jane
doesn't good to have you with us away
