plastered on walls across Paris were
posters that became the emblems of the
may 1968 uprising images and slogans
that inspired students and workers as
they protested against the government
and turned the city into a battleground
the prints were created in the city's
top art school fifty years on one of the
artists behind them remembers we had the
folly of youth the dream of revolution
but at the same time none of the 68 has
wanted power same with the unions they
just wanted better pay in conditions we
wanted France a change to modernize to
get rid of the old way of thinking sure
have hamaji was among those who occupied
the school day and night they created
striking graphic works one small poster
like this had more impact than a major
advertising campaign across France the
exhibition's popular with visitors the
curator says it is an indication that
many of the issues of then still
resonate today you can see that the
support for migrant workers started in
1968 the women's right issue the most
sexual rights issues were very prevalent
or became very relevant during the
period for many people may 68 was a real
Cultural Revolution young people really
wanted to break away from the French
conservative establishment there was a
real sense of liberation and excitement
in the air and that inspired artists not
just then but it continues to do so
today this new mural by graffiti artist
s Keefe echoes some of the uprisings
most famous slogans for artist
jean-jacques LaBelle may 68 was a unique
moment and he continues to create art
that denounces violence and oppression
we know that art has to say no to all
forms of oppression including torture
including prisoners including the slave
trade that's what our art is about
continuing the may 68 uprising in
artistic form the anniversary is being
marked with exhibitions across France
the protest
didn't succeed in immediately bringing
down the government of President shall
de Gaulle but they assured in a new era
of Hope and creativity at a time when
many people were thirsty for change
Natasha Butler al-jazeera Paris
