it was a constant of his campaign our
biggest obstacle is the press they're so
dishonest at their it seemed like Donald
Trump couldn't even get through one
speech without attacking the press the
dishonest media it's one of the worst
things it was always a popular line the
media covering the candidate became the
subject of huge jeers and boos from the
crowd and it continued as he moved into
the White House going so far as to call
the media an enemy of the American
people tweeting videos and pictures
showing him physically harming a cable
network as the tweets and attacks
continue on a weekly basis they are
having an impact in one poll 51% of
people asked said the media is the enemy
of the people rather than an important
part of democracy and another poll shows
a full three-quarters of all Republicans
believed the news media make up stories
about the president and his
administration one of his few Republican
critics say that is harming journalists
in the US and everywhere else as other
leaders used the label fake news to jail
journalists this feedback loop is
disgraceful mr. president not only has
the past year seen an American president
borrow despotic language to refer to the
Free Press but it seems he has now in
turn inspired dictators and
authoritarians with his own language
that is reprehensible still it seems
highly unlikely that the president will
stop his attacks on the press it's not
fake news I wonder whether it will take
until we have another president who says
that was wrong of course the press is
not fake news I mean the problem is that
the more you repeat something like a
mantra the more that some people think
it's true but there is good news about
the news the American media is
experiencing a kind of Renaissance in
part because of the president major
newspapers have seen a huge spike in the
number of subscriptions and they along
with some in television news have been
breaking stories about this
administration on a weekly basis
damaging stories that have led to a
record number of scuttled cabinet
nominations and firings in the end the
president can call it fake news but it
is still producing very real results
patty :
al-jazeera Washington
