statements from Donald Trump's own legal
team may have backfired against the
president in an interview with Fox News
former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani
said Trump knew about the hush money
paid to adult film stars stormy Daniels
he says Trump even reimbursed his lawyer
Michael Cohen for making the payment
that was money that was paid by by his
lawyer the way I would do out of his law
firm funds or whatever funds doesn't
matter a president reimbursed that over
a period of settle me Trump has long
denied he knew about the payment
now that claim appears to contradict
Giuliani's interview Trump's lawyer
reportedly paid Daniels before the
presidential election in exchange the
porn star was to keep quiet about an
alleged affair with Trump the lawyer
asked Trump for money but apparently
what Giuliani's arguing is Trump had no
idea what the money was being used for
at the core of the scandal is whether
election campaign funds were used if
proven it would be a violation of US
federal election laws the president can
contribute as much as he wants to his
own campaign he has to report it and he
did not report this to the Federal
Elections Commission that would be a
criminal violation but Trump's team says
laws were not broken and incriminating
information will not be found the fact
is just trust me they're going to come
up with no violations there the
adult-film star has filed a defamation
lawsuit against the president despite
the scandal Trump still appears to enjoy
the support of his base katia lupus of a
young al Jazeera
