Russian military commanders led the
negotiations on behalf of the Syrian
government rebel factions controlling
the northern countryside of Homs were
given an ultimatum reconcile with the
state or surrender and moved to
rebel-held territory in northern Syria
to avoid an all-out military offensive
military pressure has piled on the armed
groups a few days ago the pro-government
alliance heavily bombarded the region
which is at a strategic crossroads
linking the main population centers
under government control the opposition
had little choice around 300,000 Syrians
lived there many of them forced from
their homes elsewhere in Syria the
northern homs countryside is the latest
rebel-held area to surrender the
opposition has been losing ground since
its biggest defeat in years the fall of
eastern huhta in early april followed
the fierce and intense bombing campaign
the pro-government alliance then used
the threat of military action to force
rebels in the kalamoon enclaved
northeast of damascus to bring about
their surrender the same tactic was used
on opposition armed groups in southern
damascus rebels in the districts of
yelled ABAB ela and beit sahem agreed to
leave some 17,000 people fighters their
family members and others who were
involved in opposition activities are
living in the nearby ISIL control
districts of Yarmouk and hazier al-assad
the fighting continues between the armed
group and government forces but in those
districts there were a few hundred
fighters belonging to hey Atari - M the
group formerly known as el nusra they
surrendered and were moved to northern
Syria the opposition continues to
control the province of Idlib in the
northwest border with Turkey they also
hold parts of the southern provinces of
Dara and sueda
close to the borders of Jordan and
Israel in recent weeks the pro Syrian
government Alliance has been focusing on
recapturing besieged areas close to its
strongholds northern homs is the last
significant piece of territory the
rebels control that is not along an
international border what comes next is
more complicated any offensive to
recapture the whole of Italy province
would cause tensions with Turkey which
deployed troops as part of an agreement
with Russia
puts a high value on this agreement with
Turkey they know they need Turkey to
solve the situation in the north of
Syria if they ever won is always an
offensive in the southern corner of
Syria is also just as complicated there
is the possibility of escalating
tensions with Israel these are worried
that if the Syrian regime of the Syrian
army advances toward the border they
will come with Iranian or Iranian
affiliated militias President Bashar
al-assad has repeatedly pledged to
recapture every inch of Syrian territory
but future military operations may have
different calculations
