Victoria Mehra Nova looks like the
latest grim statistic in the dangerous
world of journalism her body discovered
in the Bulgarian town where she was
investigating the corrupts misuse of
European Union funds she joins the likes
of Daphne Cara Juana Galicia blown up
near her home in Malta by a car bomb
John Cusack shot dead outside his home
in Slovakia and if Turkey is right
Jamaal keshavjee
allegedly murdered in the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul all of them
reporters intent on exposing abuses who
were silenced when impunity runs at over
90% most people think it's it's likely
they'll get away with killing a
journalist and what often happens is
maybe the killer gets caught but the
intellectual mastermind the person who
planned it the person who paid for it
the person who instructed it they get
away scot-free and indeed many of them
become political leaders in different
countries around the world or certainly
people with a high up in business or
high up in corporations globally Mexico
remains the most dangerous place in the
world to report from followed by all the
countries in the Middle East and Asia
where war has made journalists likely to
be targeted in the same way as enemy
fighters in fact the number of reporters
dying has actually dropped since a peak
two years ago but only because reporters
have simply stopped going to places
deemed too high-risk of course there are
some journalists who only planned flight
routes they don't fly in air spaces of
for example countries in the Arab world
if they're flying for example let's say
East Asia they will fly via Finland they
will avoid at all costs any airspace
whereby an air line will be ordered by
government to land this is the
journalists and they kidnapped him a few
days ago I called the fake news the
enemy of the people and they are it
isn't much of a surprise that there's
been virtually no international response
to the bizarre disappearance of Jamal
keshavjee
when any number of world leaders in the
US and elsewhere claimed journalists are
the enemy of the people
not only is there a dwindling political
defensive free reporting but
increasingly an apparent acceptance that
digging for stories may result in
physical harm in the end it's about
democracy or whether it matters
Lawrence Lee Al Jazeera
