special prayers for the dead this
morning continues for the 25 people
killed in Monday's twin bombing by ISIL
attackers this is a scene being repeated
in mosques all across the Afghan capital
on a hillside on the outskirts of the
city Sean Murray is being laid to rest
one of nine journalists deliberately
targeted in the attack the mullah
leading the burrial prayers says
bloodshed is everywhere in Afghanistan
every day young people are being killed
and Afghans are tired of the ongoing
conflict in all 10 journalists were
blown up on Monday another was killed in
eastern Afghanistan it was the highest
number of killings in a single day for
the Afghan media in an already dangerous
environment media outlets were attacked
that the building's journalists have
been attacked and now a group of media
people in Green Zone of Kabul City were
killed
this means that security situation is
getting worse than it is in a position
that if it goes like this
no one knows what will be happening the
UN says civilian deaths and injuries
from suicide bombings and other attacks
have doubled so far in the first quarter
of this year many Afghans blame the
government for failing to protect them
we are committed to protect our
countrymen it's our top priority as you
know attacks like these take place in
developed countries in the West and in
countries which do not face our kinds of
security problems one of the challenges
that we all have is how to prevent
sophisticated attacks the latest report
from the US Special Inspector General
has more bad news the American military
watchdog says the Afghan government
controls 56 percent of districts the
rest are controlled or contested by
opposition groups Taliban ISIL and other
anti-government fighters control 12
percent of the 35 million population the
resilient ISIL and resurgent Taliban on
their Spring Offensive are facing 36
thousand fewer Afghan security forces
this year no reasons been given for the
significant fall but recruitment and
retention of troops have been a problem
for years
afghanistan's Human Rights Commission
says more than 9,000 civilians have been
killed or wounded this past year up to
March the Commission's expecting a
higher number of casualties this year
along with a rise in the number of
attacks
Jennifer glass al Jazeera Kabul
