the conditions for existence on earth
are sustained by a complex web of
climatic processes annual rains
predictable seasons and consistent
temperatures all allow life to flourish
but our over-reliance on fossil fuels is
causing the delicate balance of our
planet to shift instances of extreme
weather used to be rare but now deadly
heat waves wildfires powerful floods
hurricanes and droughts are becoming the
norm the question is no longer will they
happen but when and how we can cope with
them I'm Donna canula in Kenya to
explore a high-tech solution that is
helping herders survive ongoing drought
and I'm Russell Bearden Myanmar where
drones are helping to protect coastal
communities against extreme weather
events
for two years Kenya has been in the grip
of a devastating drought amongst those
worst affected are Kenya's over 5
million pastoralists for whom finding
freshwater and lush postulants is
critical for the survival of their herds
but something has been developed could
something like this hold the key to
getting herders around the country
through these difficult times today an
app called a free Scout is being
launched in the town of catchy Otto
they'll be heard us from all over the
region who've come to learn more about
the app and take that information back
to their villages I'm interested to see
what they make of the new technology
every Scout is the brainchild of project
concern international or PCI an NGO
committed to helping herders cope with
drought nearly 4,000 people around
Africa use it so far and today it's
being officially rolled out in Kenya PCI
hopes to revolutionize how her does find
water by using something 87 percent of
Kenyans already have in their pockets a
smartphone the app accesses satellite
maps which detail the water conditions
throughout Kenya updating every 10 days
you can also zoom to find a surface
water so as you can see here this is a
pond that does not yet dry not using it
herders can see instantly where to
target migrations and avoid using drier
areas which need time to recuperate to
find out more about how the app can help
herders I'm off to southern Kenya with
some Maasai have lost over half their
cattle Joshua and us Aruba has been
using a free Scout for three months
Joshua yes I am Dhoni thank you so much
for allowing us to come to your home and
join you today yeah these are your
animals yeah these are my animals okay
is my father
she's good to meet you Sophia is my
brother hello yeah asked to meet you
yeah
is another brother of mine hello these
are my views are my young boy it's a
pleasure to meet you all yeah so we're
gonna get started are we gonna walk now
there's a milking process knocking the
cows in yeah okay yeah after milking we
will go it's my mom hello yeah I'm
milking now yeah maybe that's how it
will be a bit white when a bit wild yeah
when you go near fruity does that mean
it can possibly kick
for the Maasai cattle are highly prized
a large cow can fetch as much as $500 at
market but it's even more valuable as a
source of food for the family
something that seems so simple but it's
really not as easy as it looks
you need to have quite a good rhythm
yeah and enough strength to make it
route probably and when you took this
very sweet very nice so when you have a
drought like Kenya is having now how
does that affect your cattle last wrote
when I migrated near to Tanzania I lost
roughly 1550 oh yes yeah it has a big
impact because I felt it it is really
bad but when it comes to a situation
that I cannot control it I have to yeah
I mean I know today we're going to take
a trick and I'm hoping that you can show
me the the tool that you've been using
now that makes it easier yes you just
download the apps then you you will see
where there is no puzzles like you right
now when you see this is a place that we
are this is in Mario this is where we
are in Morada yeah okay and you can feel
now this region here you see really
becoming drug but when you near torment
you can see there is a green pastures
here okay so that is the journey that
will be making yeah we walk about there
for the forgiveness 44 kilometers well
that's the long way to go yeah Maasai
like Joshua are accustomed to walking as
far as it takes to find good posture
staying away from their families for
months at a time
migration is very difficult master we
have to because you cannot yesterday
because they will die Joshua didn't have
that last year when the conditions were
also extreme this is one of their cow
that I lost when I was moving this one
he fell down here
we will try to help it but no it is
today
that's incredibly sad yeah so you had
gone to try and look for water and
pastures for the cows but the cow just
couldn't make the journey and the cow
just collapsed here yeah it was a big
cow it is also big five six liters of
milk they in the morning six liters in
the evening so it was a real loss for
you yeah these are lost it just it
brings back home just the thought that
it's such a difficult way of life
because you have to keep on the move to
find the water and to find the grazing
lands but in order to move these animals
use so much energy to go from one place
to another so if you don't know where
you're going and you're just trying your
luck wherever you can it's incredibly
hard for these animal
yeah yeah with almost 30% of his
livestock already lost drought it's even
more pressing for Joshua to keep her
surviving cattle in good condition which
means finding ample water during the
trek now we are going to the breaking
point
there is a slugger somewhere here and we
need to take water there according to
the app it's 30 kilometers from where
they started this is a really popular
place to come and drink I see someone
else has brought their cars yeah can we
find a place under the tree maybe have a
bit of a rest yeah so can we see this
watering hole on the map this is the
model we came from this place the
traveller
so now we are just somewhere here you
can see someone somewhere here knowing
the location of a temporary water source
like this could mean life or death for a
herd you don't know where no bus
americorps yups near ice because I'm a
woman I don't want us but the app can
make all this much simpler so Allah
forgive fuga place so when I think up to
you you know every stunt are you
teaching him how to yeah because at the
moment when you need to look for water
for your cattle or for pastures what do
you do you just go blindly yes so you
think you might use it and does it sound
interesting does it something something
you would use excellent
it's been 10 hours and we're into what
should be good pasture land this is a
place that we why in the morning in my
row and we have travel under MSI maybe
yeah as you can see the difference it's
so much better here yeah yeah yeah it's
so much better this place is becoming
more better so the cows will be able to
stay here they'll have enough food to
eat
yeah they will stay here for almost one
month then after there we shall see I'll
get them up where I shall be green grass
of the moon shall move I've had a
wonderful day thank you so much I'm
tired
sorry and I must thank you yeah no we
can move to the home sticks because now
their Sun is setting then we shall have
a cup of tea they need advice thank you
yeah I could use one
yeah
for the herders with access to satellite
maps livestock mortality has nearly hard
since Joshua has relied on a free Scout
he hasn't lost any cows to drought him
the app has been a real success
extreme weather events and now a regular
occurrence around the world
scientists have found that human caused
climate change is at the root of over
two-thirds of them the result is often
human suffering in 2017 hundreds were
left dead and many thousands homeless by
unusual weather conditions the hurricane
season in the Caribbean caused
unprecedented levels of destruction
devastating floods swept across
Southeast Asia tornadoes hit the south
of the US and California was roasted by
a heat wave since 2009
one person every second has been
displaced by disaster it's predicted
that by 2050 there'll be 200 million
environmental migrants
what we currently observe is that people
migrate temporarily and over short
distance internally within their
countries if there's a drought or an
environmental stress you move you
temporarily move but then there's sort
of the expectation and an incentive and
the reality that people come back but we
might see in the future is permanent
migration and longer distance migration
you might see how community is having to
relocate because they're likelihoods are
no longer sustainable it might be entire
nation states that have to move
mangroves are among the most biodiverse
habitats on the planet they play a vital
role in the lives of coastal communities
but these forests are facing
deforestation 35% of the world's
mangroves have already been lost and
here in the Irrawaddy delta only 16% of
original cover is left I'm Ian Mar we're
a local innovative project is combining
grassroots conservation state-of-the-art
drone technology to take mangrove
regeneration to new heights
niyama is vulnerable to cyclones which
strike every few years
in 2008 the worst ever cyclone nargis
claimed more than 130,000 lives
experts now believe that mangroves hold
the key to saving thousands of lives
when the next big storm hits to find out
how I've come to a local coconut farmer
who agreed to show me his mangrove
forest
oh wow these are proper trees the
tallest mangroves here reached 25 metres
and a sturdy 40 centimeters in diameter
the forest was planted after a cycle in
these trees here did you plant them but
I thought it was sad because she made a
mark I me I kinda shame yourself with me
I'm a koala
oh poor eggs out you can imagine these
incredibly violent storms that blew in
here and you start to understand how
these mature forests actually have the
capacity to break that that wind and
stop some of that storm surge making its
way into these settlements and farms and
how about maybe some of the other farms
where there is no mangroves do you know
of any farms that suffer because of the
storms
listen yeah you did it you did it
blimey oh yeah machinery but you know a
commonly visited by Miss agario so it's
a protection yeah so if mangroves are so
effective of protecting against storms
why if 1 million hectare has been cut
down since 1978 leaving the population
here unprotected
I'm meeting when younger an ecologist
with 30 years experience in forestry to
find out more wing I don't know why you
thanks for me yeah thanks so much
when heads the world view international
foundations mangrove regeneration
project here in Myanmar
see this mafia
you never see we get up
at the moment this a mangrove all over
this mangrove coalition is a severely
degraded right in the coastal area 60%
of the villages they don't have a
permanent job they try to find out the
money from the mangrove area and then
they can come in cut the tree within the
one hour they can get their money for
their livelihood no I understand so
you're talking about really a negative
feedback cycle yeah it's this confluence
of the environmental stresses and the
economic stresses is driving people into
the mangrove yeah yeah yeah I understand
shrimp and rice farming as well as
charcoal production have stripped
Myanmar of mangroves leaving it
critically exposed if action isn't taken
soon the communities who live here are
in danger of being decimated by the next
big storm
there are still trees here yeah yeah
this is that is this entry
okay this is her Wow blended feet okay
one day 2015 when and a hundred locals
have systematically planted 400 thousand
seedlings by hand here in the last three
years
yeah it goes right the back yeah all the
way through doesn't it yeah all right
yes but the job is far from complete
okay so we've come right into the thick
of it here all that work that we can
hear in the background that's a lot of
chopping and preparing of the ground
before 300 thousand seedlings or more
are gonna go into this mud so it sounds
like there's a lot of hard work going on
so we should maybe go and try and lend a
hand
hey I'm Russell hey so can you tell me
are you are you from this area you know
at all let's say donor love are all that
leather model Italy we really were in a
bubble devil irani nobody's wrong
illudium oh no come on already
you don't seem euro to be there mere
cyla
indeed every moment when we little you
feel some way you are giving something
back you know I don't know movie - I'm a
litigator in or no did your ecology
ali-wad-helu he was or anomalous even a
Buddha Mahavira with energy between a
fever mamamoo's a nozzle be mushy da da
da da da da Cunha Marg
Mohammed V Dawa Timothy no omadi
yeah I understand did you show me how to
do it and I am a complete novice oh just
backhand I'm getting it getting the hang
of it I feel it it's all about the
angles yet okay yeah just like that
the team of 35,000 hectares of coastline
to plan
and erasing to do it before the next big
cyclone hits
this is an incredibly complex ecosystem
when we're looking at here and now as an
ecologist it must be incredibly
challenging to move towards restoration
the wind is turned to the latest
technology so this idea we try to
make them planting and draw and I think
are they working today that yes they are
that working today
yeah today the Oxford based team of
scientists will be testing whether their
double propeller
quadrocopter drone can fire seven
thousand seeds in an hour
it's so cutting-edge I've been asked to
stand back
Arina federico heads up the project so
and has this ever been done before
anything like this do you know it no to
tour knowledge we are definitely the
first one and it's gonna be our largest
experiment and is there interest we can
have a look at one of the pods just to
kind of get a sense of what you're what
we're actually dealing with here so what
is what's inside this they're made from
by degradable plastic and all natural
material and inside he also while you
have local seeds and you have local
minerals and natural material it looks
like we're nearly there just saw a green
light oh good
the test will be successful if one shot
into the ground all pods embedded in the
soil deep enough for growth to occur if
it works the team will return in a few
months time to plant 24 million more
that is I have never seen anything like
that before yeah the drone has a
pre-programmed flight path if the seeds
penetrate the soil the chance of each of
these pods becoming a treat is greater
than if planted by nature or hand
because the depth will make them more
resistant to erosion touchdown and the
team are happy the seeds are in the
ground and it's time for nature to take
his course I was just thinking inside
this thing
I mean it's there's so much more than
just seeds it's it's the future it's a
potential to save life because mangroves
it's the living shield they protect
people from the ocean they protect
people from tsunami from hurricanes and
we have to do it now and we have to do
it at a massive scale because from today
to maybe six nine months from now maybe
one year from now as maximum we will
have a growing shield already so if the
cyclone hits next year people here would
be protected and when you when you put
it like that
you know all of a sudden something so
small can seem very significant indeed
so I'm actually gonna put that back in
the ground where we found it well good
luck little when I stick you right in
there
the scientists test is finished but for
Wynn and his team is just the beginning
there one until the seeds progress
carefully if all goes to plan many more
trees will be planted by drone here in
the near future helping to safeguard the
coast from extreme weather
all over the world people are having to
adapt to unpredictable climate and
weather patterns
in Canada where sea ice has become
dangerously thin a scheme is providing
real-time measurements of ice thickness
to local communities this data reveals
which routes are safe to travel and
which are not
meanwhile in Los Angeles where extreme
drought has become the norm 96 million
shade balls have been put into the LA
reservoir to help reduce evaporation
rates these projects show the level of
innovation that communities are using to
protect themselves against increasingly
volatile weather but the question
remains are these long-term solutions or
are they just masking the real problem
