there is no machinery in sight to pick
this precious commodity harvesting Kempe
hot pepper is labor-intensive growers
say hand picking as necessary to achieve
the highest quality possible-- balettan
at least i had a one-week board we don't
use fertilizers or chemicals in the
weather here makes the pepper delicious
and spicy it's different from other
areas in Cambodia in other countries the
pepper from this region has become
sought-after around the world two years
ago was given protected geographical
indication status by the European Union
it's a standard used to identify
products that have a link to a specific
country or region like scotch whiskey or
Parma ham products from here are
exported mainly to the United States
Europe and Japan which is in contrast to
pepper from other parts of Cambodia the
cambodian pepper industry is growing
quickly but outside this region it has a
problem it's competing with and to a
large extent relying on its neighbor
vietnam which is the largest producer of
pepper in the world because of a lack of
infrastructure and investment most
cambodian pepper is sent across the
border through middlemen for processing
cutting into farmers slim profits the
cambodian government is promising to
invest more in facilities and marketing
as an example it's looking to the
success of kampot which is benefited
from foreign investment and is largely
self-sufficient when it comes to
processing it's also been immune from
the price slump caused by oversupply
that seen the price of black pepper fall
by around 60% to below three dollars a
kilogram kampot prices have remained
stable as high as 28 dollars a kilo
still last year the region also produced
more than it could sell that industry
leaders say they're not concerned about
low prices spreading to their products
price is not so important it's really
the quality that matters so I think we
can keep get a price
at current level so no risk because this
is a niche market and the production
will grow slowly year after year it's a
niche market with a big price tag that
at the moment other farmers around the
world can only dream about Wayne hey
al-jazeera
kampot Cambodia
