floodwaters have begun to recede in the
Nicaraguan capital more than 1,200
families were evacuated from their homes
after several days of heavy rain for
Angela a resident of DB papa returning
to her house has meant facing the
daunting task of cleaning away the mud
and assessing the damage to her modest
home my yard had things I no longer have
the animals chickens the flood water
took everything just down the road one
of Angela's neighbors is drying clothes
in her backyard which is flooded with
water contaminated by an outdoor latrine
contact with flood waters can increase
the risk of communicable disease and
government workers have been providing
medical attention to anyone who might be
exposed to dangerous pathogens when a
person is bare foots or home is flooded
or someone has a wound somewhere
bacteria can easily be transmitted to
that person obviously this can be lethal
the government has also been quick to
deliver food and supplies to flood
victims local officials have set up 25
shelters around Managua to care for the
displaced we are at a shelter in a
neighborhood just outside of Managua
many of the families affected by the
flooding have been staying here for
several days they're being given three
meals a day they're being given clean
water but they are growing impatient to
return to their homes with the rain
finally gone in the water subsiding life
in this neighborhood is slowly returning
to normal with donated mattresses and
home supplies on their backs on Helen
and her family are anxious to finally
sleep in their own home and that means
cleaning out the mud and water that's
still left on the floor I don't know how
I'll find a way to clean this my name is
Rob palom al Jazeera Managua
