the world saw the smiles and handshakes
on Friday now the South Korean
president's office is revealing more of
what was said behind closed doors at the
historic summit South Korea says Kim
jong-un promised to close the pulgatti
nuclear test center next month and
invited American and South Korean
experts and journalists to inspect it
days before the summit North Korea
announced it would shut down the site of
all six nuclear bomb tests kim referred
to speculation that test explosions had
so badly damaged the site it couldn't
have been used again anyway
chairman Kim said when they come they
will see that we have two bigger tunnels
than the current test facilities and
they are in good condition the
willingness to allow visitors to the
test center appears to be another
concession before the planned summit
with Donald Trump and the North Koreans
but this is necessary precondition for
any kind of negotiations because if they
don't say they that they won't
eventually to surrender their nuclear
weapons nobody is going to talk to them
moon phoned the u.s. president to brief
him on the inter-korean talks the
declaration signed there included a
broad reference to denuclearization of
the Korean Peninsula Trump and moon
agreed that more specific measures on
getting rid of nuclear weapons should be
discussed at the US president's meeting
with Kim Kim jong-un is also reported to
have said even though the United States
is inherently hostile towards North
Korea once they talk with us they will
get to know that I am NOT the kind of
person to launch nuclear weapons towards
the south or target the United States
across the Pacific South Korea says Kim
intends to eliminate another sign of
division by changing Pyongyang's time
zone by half-an-hour to realign with the
South North Korea set its clocks back
three years ago saying then that
Japanese imperialists had imposed Tokyo
time when Korea was an occupied colony
moon also briefed japan's Prime Minister
and told Shinzo Abe a that he'd conveyed
Japan's willingness for talks with North
Korea a willingness Kim jong-un said
was mutual Kathy Novak al-jazeera's soul
