my gladiator has laid down his shield
and gained his wings at 2:30 a.m. our
free Evans father took to social media
to announce his 23 month old son has
lost his battle and passed away on
Saturday morning the parents added they
were heartbroken and thanked all their
followers for support the toddler had
spent the last 18 months of his life in
intensive care being treated for a rare
degenerative brain disorder doctors
overseen his care argued further
treatment for the termini ill child was
futile prolonging his discomfort and
that he should be able to die peacefully
under British law courts can intervene
when parents and doctors disagree over
the treatment of the child the head of
the Catholic Church got personally
involved and met without his parents
Kate and Tom and appealed for their
wishes to be followed Italy even granted
Alfie's citizenship so that he could be
moved to Vatican Hospital to keep him
alive on a ventilator
if British courts allowed him but a
judge ruled in the local doctors favour
to end his suffering a move condemned by
officials in the largely Catholic Poland
who criticized the health service in the
United Kingdom the Pope was one of the
first to respond following the
announcement of alphas death and he
posted his sympathy on Twitter he went
on to preach for sound ethics and
science potentially alluding to the
Evanses case in questo gone distal in
fundamentally in this situation it is
fundamental that we improve our
awareness of the ethical
responsibilities in respect of the
humankind and the environment in which
we live while the church applauds every
effort in research and application
directed to the care of our suffering
brothers and sisters she is also mindful
of the basic principle that not
everything technically possible or
doable is thereby ethically acceptable
this is not the first time the Pope has
gotten involved in a case pitting
parents against the British state last
year the British High Court ruled at
Omni ill baby charlie guards
life-support be switched off mourners
gathered to pay their respect to alpha
evans short life but his death has
reignited an international debate over
who should decide for end of
five care for sick children kana
hawkster al-jazeera
