this convoy has all the euphoria of a
victory parade one that stretches for
kilometers while the capital takes some
rest
the opposition movement is travelling to
the regions to show the Republican Party
that the whole country is now behind one
man on Tuesday there will be a crucial
vote in parliament to decide on a new
Prime Minister and the crowds know who
they want for the job Nicolle passion
young Nicole passion young began this
movement with a two-week walk across
Armenia in April he called on Armenians
to join him and reject the country's
unpopular leader sarrish celsium the
former journalist had long been was -
sucks yarns critic and served jail time
for his activism but while his faction
is only a minority in parliament the
simple message has attracted thousands
frustrated by the political elite and
inspired by his revolutionary language
he gives the power to us to the people
not just the one person or two people
but to everyone that's why we love him
society's changing all this corrupt and
I mean soviet-style corrupted system is
changing
this was the moment mr. passion Yan
announced to the crowds that the
Republican Party will not be fielding a
candidate on Tuesday
now power does seem to be with the
people of Armenia Robin Forestier Walker
al Jazeera vanity
