April in Berlin means two things
potentially torrential downpours and air
shows this is the innovation and
leadership in aerospace event or ela for
short with a huge range of planes
helicopters and other airborne elements
taking their turns to where the crowds
one of the main themes of this year's
event is drones and other unmanned
aircraft and while many of the items
here have more military applications the
civilian use of this technology is
clearly on show and this is where Airbus
sees a real opportunity demonstrating
what they call the city Airbus
helicopter currently undergoing final
tests before a first flight later this
year as yet it's a drone but one day its
creators see it as an alternative to
ground-based taxis with the option to
have a human driver to ferry the paying
passengers it will not be a VIP option
because we want to democratize this kind
of transportation so it will be
comparable to a normal taxi maybe even a
bit cheaper in in a certain point in
future unmanned drone technology out
here on the tarmac the runway of this
airfield are the products of many of the
world's leading aviation manufacturers
and indeed from the military of many of
the Air Forces of the world all here to
display their products at Europe's
leading airshow amid the different
aircraft to be seen are many from the
German military which this year is
presenting its hardware in combination
with elements from its French
counterparts Germany and France they are
the engine of Europe so we are being
part of that engine we focus here in
Berlin with all the industries being
present and that's what you see over
here at Eli and that's what we are very
part of and very proud to be it ILA's
organizers say it's all about showcasing
the latest innovations in aircraft
design and technology but for many
people it's also a chance to get a close
climp of jets they'd never be able to
see other
Dominic came aljazeera at the Berlin
airshow
