tradin security topped the agenda and
heads of state from the ten ASEAN
countries met on Friday and Saturday in
his opening address Singapore Prime
Minister Lee Hsien Loong warned that the
spat between China and the US could
affect the bloc the political mood in
many countries has shifted against free
trade and in particular the recent trade
tensions between the United States and
China worrying concerns ASEAN countries
will have to react to these major
external trends US president Donald
Trump has threatened to impose tariffs
on Chinese imports with China promising
retaliation if he does for many ASEAN
countries the US and China are the two
biggest trading partners on the issue of
security our teen members discussed the
threat of violent extremism and cyber
attacks the 10 countries are also
negotiating an extradition treaty as
well as a code of conduct with China to
ease tensions in the disputed South
China Sea but there is an area where
ASEAN member states have been criticized
for not doing enough human rights
activists have said the bloc fails to
promote and protect human rights and
fundamental freedoms the bloc largely
stood by in silence when cambodia
shuttered its independent media
organizations and dissolved the main
opposition party there was very little
censure Philippines so-called war on
drugs in which thousands have died in
extrajudicial killers and there are
ongoing crises in in Myanmar fighting
has intensified in Kachin State in the
north displacing thousands in Rakhine
State 700,000 ravindra have fled across
the border into Bangladesh since August
to escape persecution by the military
hacia needs to pressure myanmar to be
accountable for what's happened and and
to investigate or allow investigators
like us Human Rights Watch and others to
go into these areas ascertain exactly
who was responsible for the atrocities
committed against the Rohingya and then
hold them accountable
again we're seeing nothing from ASEAN
but for a group that prefers to keep a
policy of non-interference in a members
state's domestic affairs that might be a
tall order
Florence lui al Jazeera Singapore
