hello I'm having seeker this is counting
the cost on al-jazeera your weekly look
at the world of business and economics
this week the stakes are getting higher
in the oil market and that could mean
prices are going up at the pump
why Iran's nuclear deal and a host of
other factors are forging a new crude
reality also this week a historic
inter-korean summit what would a peace
dividend mean for the economies on the
Korean Peninsula plus disaster recovery
three years on from a devastating
earthquake the poor is still struggling
to rebuild but what a difference a year
makes twelve months ago producers were
worried about too much oil
but now the fear is that demand will
outstrip supply that's boosted oil
prices to their highest level since 2014
the International Energy Agency says
global oil demand could grow to nearly
100 million barrels a day this year but
when it comes to the price of oil in
2018 there are a number of things to
consider one of the biggest is the
likelihood the US could pull out of the
Iran nuclear deal next month president
Trump has until May 12th to decide
whether to bring back sanctions that
were eased in exchange for curbs on to
Iran's nuclear program that could keep
Iranian exports of around 2 million
barrels a day from flowing Iran's
president Hassan rouhani says that would
be a bad idea I'm telling those in the
White House that if they did not live up
to their commitments
the Iranian government will react firmly
if anyone betrays the deal they should
know that they would face severe
consequences and oil output is falling
in Venezuela OPEX biggest producer in
Latin America the political and economic
turmoil there has cut crude production
to around 1.5 million barrels a day all
of this is of course helping support oil
prices Saudi Arabia recently said it
once oil back up at 83 dollars a barrel
and less oil from Iran or Venezuela
makes it easier to keep production
targets between OPEC and non-opec in
place for longer now this is something
Donald Trump is
happy about he recently tweeted looks
like OPEC is added again with record
amounts of oil all over the place
including the fully loaded ships at sea
oil prices are artificially very high no
good and will not be accepted well
joining us now from Zurich is Olivier
Jacob founder managing editor of petrol
matrix thanks very much for being with
us so I want to ask you first of all
about president Trump's tweet on this
when Trump says OPEC is added again what
what does he mean by that because surely
OPEC is just doing what it's always done
should we see this then perhaps as a
warning to Saudi Arabia not to allow oil
prices to run too high when Saudi wants
to get the u.s. behind them in
confronting Iran well I think it's it's
right to say that President Trump does
not like the who not like the price of
oil to rise too much now you have to
consider that about three four days
before they tweet from a president Trump
the OECD the IEA are already said that
OPEC should be watching that the prices
do not rise too much and then have a
negative impact on on demand so I think
from the from the president's side it is
he does not really want to return to the
the time of $100 or that we had under
Obama the IR all prices could start to
be a concern for the consumer confidence
e in the US and with the agenda the
geopolitical angel' agenda in the Middle
East he also I don't want prices to to
run a to run to I before the Twitter was
a lot of talk in the you know price
about Saudi Arabia me you know wanting
the oil prices to be above 80 or maybe
up to $100 $100 and the that would not
be and to the benefit of the of the US
and I think it has been the first
warnings we know first warning given by
the by the president to OPEC to not let
the prices run too high I mean and if
President Trump pulls out of the Iran
nuclear deal next month as he is in
he wants to do what's the and that then
that deal collapse is what's the impact
of that going to be on on oil prices
well I mean it could I mean it should
provide some some support although the
impact of the sanctions will not be as
large as the previous round of sanctions
because the US will be alone in doing
them so what you will see you will see
you should see a shift of Iranian oil
exports going more to today to eat to
the east and the exports of Iran towards
Asia I've already started to increase I
think Iran is probably going to discount
its crude oil in order to keep the
customers in Asia that are less sensible
to the potential sanctions from the US
let's talk about another big oil
producer Venezuela because the u.s. is
also looking at additional measures
against Venezuela strongman Nicolas
Maduro what are the implications of that
well one could say that the sanctions
are already on in a sense because the
crude production from Venezuela is
sharply down it's about a mini-boss per
day less in 2016 it dropped about
$500,000 per day over the last six
months so even though there's no art
sanctions against the exports of crude
oil from Venezuela just the fear of of
you know potential sanctions but also of
the social disruptions in in Venezuela
mean that actually the right now
Venezuela is suffering as much as Iran
was suffering when it was under
sanctions so I think that the US right
now is in the in the best position in
the sense that without our sanctions on
Venezuela the country is already feeling
the impact of it so to to to add
additional sanctions on top of the
current drop of production and exports
from Venezuela is not fully necessary
because the the Venezuela by himself is
is restraining its its revenue potential
does Russia want higher oil prices
that's another big producer and they of
course have been negotiating these
targets in concert with Saudi Arabia and
the OPEC nations I mean Russia wants to
have higher oil prices Russia is also
suffering from different sanctions
imposed by by the u.s. in different in
different sectors so Russia also
benefits from the hundred current oil
prices and Russia is also expanding its
exports to to China it so it's also
expanding its its market share in in
Asia so so for Russia right now it's it
is actually quite a good Derek right
Rick in a quite good position and it
also reinforced the collaboration with
with OPEC and with Saudi Arabia also
reinforces their geopolitical value and
strategy in the in the Middle East as
well good to speak with you Olivier
Jacob joining us there in Zurich now a
historic summit between the leaders of
North and South Korea has raised the
prospect of a former peace treaty by the
end of this year and that could mean big
investment opportunities on the
peninsula North Korea is currently under
tough international sanctions which hit
its energy sector hard the talks are
also proposed between mr. Kim and US
president Trump by early June and
Jazeera's diplomatic editor James BAE's
has been taking a look at life inside
North Korea we've been granted rare
access to the capital Pyongyang North
Korea has been targeted with tougher and
tougher sanctions by the US and the
international community Ave what
persuaded the country's leadership to
pursue a diplomatic course what effect
are they having on ordinary people in
this isolated country we've been taken
to a department store in the center of
Pyongyang despite the international
sanctions the shelves here are full we
managed to visit a number of shops in
the city center all were up marketplaces
catering to the elite we found no
shortages and luxury items like
chocolates and bottles of alcohol that
would clearly smuggled in in defiance of
the sanctions the official line is that
foreign imports have been replaced by
increased domestic production I don't
know why others around us are starving
us dear reporter when you return please
tell them we are indomitable no matter
what sanctions are upon us
the only medical facility we were taken
to was a gleaming new eye hospital most
of the equipment here was imported
clearly a problem in the future when
spare parts become needed we were shown
the eyeglasses which has subsidized for
North Korean citizens not yet a recent
UN report says the humanitarian
situation particularly in rural areas
outside the capital is poor before
traveling to North Korea I spoke to the
UN's top humanitarian official in New
York there's a nutrition problem lots of
malnourished children especially there
are too many women having really hard
time too often dying in childbirth
it's the UN Security Council that voted
in the international sanctions and the
Netherlands is the council member that
administers them all resolutions there's
a very clear passage where it says these
sanctions are not meant to have adverse
negative effects on the people of DPRK
that's the official line privately even
Western diplomats will tell you there's
a stigma to donating humanitarian aid to
North Korea for example an important
program by the NGO the Global Fund to
fight malaria and tuberculosis was cut
earlier this year sanctions are having
an effect in North Korea but perhaps not
the one the international community
wanted well joining us now from Hong
Kong is Jim McCafferty head of Asia
equity research at Nomura Securities
thanks very much for being with us so a
lot of anticipation over this
north-south summit what what are the
benefits of this for the north
particularly on the economic front and
why they doing this now I think the
reason they're doing it now is that
since we've had the recent leadership in
Korea for 2001 we've had not much
engagement with the rest of the world
apart from a meeting in Beijing about a
month ago and I think the priorities of
North Korea may be changing and they'll
be shifting towards economic development
and for that reason engagement with
neighboring countries makes a great deal
of sense is there also a sense that the
the continued sanctions are starting to
bite now in North Korea well they are
beginning to bite and I think be mindful
that North Korea historically had
depended on subsidies from Russia and
China and those subsidies were largely
withdrawn back in the early 1990s and
since then north korea has had to engage
in some form of communication with
Western countries to try and get some
form of subsidies now the sanctions have
been in place now for over a year and I
think it's hitting quite hard and that's
the reason perhaps that there Riaan
gauging with other countries and if
you're an investor in South Korea this
has got to be a good time as well
potentially isn't it well well it may be
and as a leading player in East Asia and
the Murrah is looking at multiple
scenarios for what might happen with
North Korea now I think a reunification
opportunity which the market gets quite
excited about it's really a very very
small probability of that happening what
we do see is a more likely scenario
North Korea becomes perhaps subsidized
or helped by Western countries not just
South Korea but by Japan by China by
Russia and the United States and goes
for a denuclearization options and with
the option there might be some economic
benefits that other countries can
provide and with that provision then
South Korean companies Japanese
companies Chinese companies could be
involved in some reconstruction of North
Korea which really as a country has not
kept up with with others in the region
and is quite backward in terms of simple
GDP per head mechanics there are
obviously trade benefits to all of this
between north and south talk about some
of that yeah sure so North Korea you've
got to be mindful in terms of the size
of the economy if you go back to the
late 1970s
I think GDP per head in South Korea was
at parity with North Korea now that's
just no longer the case North Korea as
an opportunity there were 25 million
people there so there's a sizable
population and that population could be
engaged as a labor force and involved in
areas like textiles for example and
getting opportunities which are
currently in place in some of the ASEAN
countries such as Vietnam or my and Mar
so potentially there is an opportunity
for South Korean capital to merge with
relatively inexpensive North Korean
labor and combined in certain areas of
low-cost manufacturing that that's where
perhaps opportunity is jim mccafferty
and hong kong thanks for being with us
pleasure I'll still to come on counting
the cost a question of copyright why
artists in South Sudan are struggling to
benefit from their work
but first thousands of survivors of a
massive earthquake in Nepal three years
ago are still living in makeshift
shelters they say the government has not
lived up to its promise to provide them
with permanent homes Sabina shrestha
reports from the Airbus Kaka finish
looks like any other but all these huts
have flimsy walls made of tarpaulin
sheets and bamboo when the magnitude 7.8
earthquake shook this part of the world
three years ago nine thousand people
died almost 4,000 of them were from
Sindhupalchowk district 152 families
took shelter on this hilltop Maya dongs
village is a day's walk from here our
house was swallowed by the river here
it's impossible to sit inside during the
summer in the winter it's cold and damp
and when the wind blows we are sometimes
afraid that our leaf might get blown off
almost 800,000 homes were damaged by the
quake
each family qualifies to receive $3,000
for rebuilding but so far only 119
thousand families have a permanent home
the rest remain in temporary shelters
Maya dongs family are qualified for the
grant except they have nowhere to build
because experts say their villages are
unsafe geologists have identified more
than 80 families here who can no longer
return to their villages the government
has said that they are going to resettle
them but the process is extremely long
as the decision to allocate land has to
be made by the cabinet across the
country 286 areas are identified as
high-risk zones for quake damage around
4,000 families need permanent relocation
they are frustrated with the delays and
so are the government representatives
we've been elected for just around a
year and we've processed all the
documents necessary for this area the
problem is the country's system runs
very slow
the government estimates ten billion
dollars would be needed to rebuild the
country months after the quake donors
had pledged four billion dollars for
reconstruction but the government says
that the money has not been handed over
yet of the pledged amount we already
have agreements for 2.6 billion dollars
we're not in a position to say that
there's a budget crunch and we can't
give any help we're committed to
rebuilding as soon as possible local
government leaders want to build a model
village here but for Nepal is living
under these sheets they just hope that
by next winter walls will protect them
from the wind and rain
all right the World Economic Forum is
predicting that machines will replace
1/5 of all human jobs over the next 20
years divya Gopalan went to a Learning
Centre in Hong Kong teaching kids to
stay ahead of robots like wow these
children are preparing for what's being
called the fourth Industrial Revolution
they're learning how to embrace the
future advanced robotics and artificial
intelligence or AI will be part of
everyday life you need to plug it into
the other robots system to make it work
it may look like fun and games but under
the guidance of professionals and
experts in engineering and technology in
this robotics class they're learning how
to make machines think for themselves
this experimental learning lab was
conceived by the tech entrepreneur and
CEO of outplays a company specializing
in digital media games apps and
innovation all this stuff at present
already a machine can do much better and
with there's no way that you can compete
with that what we really need to prepare
our next generation is for skills and
that a machine cannot do that well
that's how we be how we stay relevant
and competitive in the future but right
now schools don't do that
the World Economic Forum reports a fifth
of the global workforce may lose their
jobs to automate
in the next two decades the Hong Kong
government recognizes the city needs to
keep up with the development in
technology this year the government is
investing around six and a half billion
dollars in science and innovation most
of those funds will be going to research
and development industries and science
and tech parks like this one many people
want to know why that push for
innovation isn't extending into the
classrooms to reach the generation that
will be most affected by changes in
technology my understanding of the
groups that are meeting now under the
auspices of the chief executive
tinkering with the curriculum they're
looking at how Chinese history might be
inserted into the curriculum they're
looking at how patriotic education might
be a better part of the curriculum for
now it's up to private initiatives to
help children keep up with the changes
in technology
and cure it and have that composition
how did your robot - in the competition
but that won't be the case for the
majority of Hong Kong's children
experts say unless they're radical
changes in the formal schooling system
the next generation is likely to lose in
the competition against machines well it
looks like the recent scandals over data
privacy haven't put a dent in the
earnings of the world's biggest tech
companies the latest numbers from
Facebook also showed advertisers
continued to favor the platform with ad
spending actually increasing revenue
soared 50 percent almost 12 billion
dollars in the first three months of the
year the number one digital publisher
Google continued to generate growth in
advertising revenues ad sales leaping
nearly twenty four percent from a year
ago to twenty six point six billion
dollars in the first quarter
and finally writers and musicians in
South Sudan are struggling with the
absence of copyright laws in the country
and that's forced many to produce their
material abroad HIPAA Morgan reports
from Juba it takes days sometimes weeks
for one of South Sudan's most popular
musicians and Manuel Kambei to write
record and produce his songs yet despite
his dedication he benefits very little
from the finished product in South Sudan
basically copyright law is not exist
so we're musicians we spend time money
energy to produce but there's no any law
that protects our rights like in other
countries even the neighbor the
neighboring countries like Sudan Uganda
so like when musicians produce music at
least they earn something out of their
work
emmanuel is one of more than 50 artists
in South Sudan all facing the same
problem musicians writers and poets are
all suffering because there are no laws
in place to protect their work now many
prefer to have their work produced in
other countries where there is copyright
legislation we in South Sudan and South
Sudan doesn't actually have a cop right
the societal copyright system here I
wanted to try to publish in Uganda I
would publish them in your gonna
definitely yeah but it would I would
still maintain that I did South Sudanese
poet who is publishing in Uganda there
are no distribution companies in South
Sudan it's not seen as a worthwhile
investment but that doesn't mean artists
works are not being sold it's repeating
the work of artists without their
permission isn't difficult you bring a
stick or drive to a music fellow here in
the market and choose the music you want
he'll copy it and you'll pay and it'll
cost less than a dollar then he can
reproduce songs using the music and the
lyrics and the artists don't even know
that their music is being sold on
government has taken little interest in
the arts and literature sector
especially after a civil war broke out
in 2013
tens of thousands of people have been
killed and a third of the country's 12
million population displaced but the
government says it is now working on a
bill and forming a council to protect
the intellectual property of artists
Hansel will be formed soon by the by the
approval of the the cabinet so that will
become umbrella and then at this same
time we'll confirm that we have a body
that we can give him we can give this
body a policy become this this body a
law so that we we talked about
protection for a manual and other
artists this provides some hope that in
the future it is they who will benefit
financially from their words and music
not an unknown third party and that is
our show for this week
remember you can get in touch with us by
tweeting me at spasms secret and use the
hashtag a JCTC when you do or drop us an
email counting the cost that al jazeera
dotnet is our address there's more for
you online as well at aljazeera.com
slash CTC that'll take you straight to
our web page which has individual
reports links
entire episodes for you to catch up on
that is it for this edition of counting
the cost and has some seeker from the
whole team here thanks for joining us
the news on al Jazeera is next
