on a tree-lined street in one of
America's most massive cities lies a
sanctuary where it's okay not to be okay
where our slogan it's okay not to be
okay comes from as mean just being like
dammit why can these people just know
they can talk about things you know why
didn't my uncle drink himself to death
why didn't my aunt you know not speak up
about needing to be our meds and also
her alcohol abuse and causing a chemical
imbalance in her body and unfortunately
gassing herself in a garage you know
like I had friends who put guns there
ahead you know welcome to sip of hope
the world's first mental health cafe
where every cent of proceeds from every
cup goes to suicide prevention and
mental health education
it's run by hope for the day the mental
health nonprofit Johnny Boucher founded
after a close friend lept from a fifth
floor balcony he was number nine on a
list of sixteen people that I have
personally lost to suicide you can talk
to our baristas they're trained and and
in mental health education that allows
them to be equipped with the tools to
have it or conversation like we're
supposed to be having every day but
sadly we've neglected that as a society
we have displaced that conversation and
now we're starting to see the the
unfortunate side effects of it you know
suicide rates are higher than ever every
day in the United States a hundred and
twenty-one people commit suicide 800,000
a year worldwide for every one of them
200 try and fail the idea is to reach
people where they are people who aren't
necessarily looking for a mental health
consultation but maybe just a cup of
coffee and a conversation here the
entryway is aligned with information for
the ailing and the baristas are trained
to direct customers to mental health
centers and funding as they fill their
cars they're talking about things like
depression they're talking about things
like suicide they're talking about
things bipolar
illnesses kind of the whole run of
different types of mental illnesses and
different types of mental
crisis is that people may be having
anxiety depression all those things it's
a place where the brew can come with a
potentially life-saving conversation and
a link to help and health all for the
price of a cup of coffee
John Hendren al-jazeera Chicago
