after an arduous journey across Mexico
more asylum seekers from Central America
have arrived in Tijuana at a migrant
shelter only a short distance from the
border Mexican volunteers are providing
new arrivals with food and humanitarian
aid but many say the supplies are
lacking we are asking the city of
Tijuana and Christian churches for food
we need this more than anything it's for
the children
while assistance from the Mexican
government is limited the city of the
one it has stepped in to provide a few
basic services this is a question of
international law where the city
supports migrants with health care
shelter and other basic services such as
blankets or diapers for children for
many the stop is only temporary
immigration attorneys are helping
prepare those with a better chance of
qualifying for asylum mostly single
mothers and their children
nobody's you know told what to do it's
more about giving people all the
information possible so they can make
the best possible decision for
themselves and their families local
activists have set up shelters for
migrants this one has already run out of
space for new arrivals many will wait in
these tents until what they hope will be
the start of another journey on the
other side of the US border monument
rapido al Jazeera Tijuana
