life as we know it might be in trouble
be numbers are falling at a dramatic
rate recent winters half the bee
population in Europe died bees of vital
pollinators for fruit and vegetable
plants 1/3 of all crops are dependent on
them a growing number of scientists
believe one of the main reasons for the
decline is down to the industrial
amounts of chemicals we're putting on
crops to kill pests the most widely used
are a type called neonicotinoids
extensive studies have linked these
chemicals with falling B numbers the
pesticide is applied directly to the
seed now as the plant grows that
pesticide goes through the plant tissues
and when a pest feeds on it it gets
exposed to the pesticides but the
problem is a bee feet on that flowering
plant for months and months a month and
it's that low level exposure over an
extended period of time
dyes caused concern there are thousands
of varieties of different bees 250 here
in the UK but the rise of modern
agriculture mean that at least 3
different types of bumblebee are now
extinct a loss of natural habitat fewer
wildflowers global warming and the use
of insecticides are all to blame life
for bees is getting much harder the EU
introduced a partial ban on the use of
neonicotinoids on flowering plants such
as oil seed rape in 2013 the blocks now
considering a total ban but it's facing
fierce resistance the German
pharmaceuticals giant Bayer is the
biggest producer of neonicotinoids
the company told us that extending the
ban is totally bizarre bees do not hang
around on non flowering crops and
vegetables they do not hang around in
wheat fields but since rarely wins the
day in European discussions Romania and
Hungary are among six EU countries
opposed to a ban citing concerns over
falling crop yields and a possible
increase in food prices biologists are
also worried about what might replace me
in a cotton oeid new chemicals are
introduced and they seem to do a great
job and everyone's happy for a couple of
decades and then it turns out that
actually they're doing a lot of harm to
the environment so we ban
and we replace them with something else
and we keep doing that we don't seem to
actually be learning from our mistakes
so what's the alternative how do we
protect farmers and the environment how
do we feed our growing populations but
avoid killing more bees the debate is on
Ibaka
al Jazeera Oxfordshire
