Dorris Millers are came to Britain from
Mauritius eight years ago she lives with
her oldest son and works as a hospital
cleaner but she's had to leave two other
sons and a daughter behind as a second
generation Chagas Islander she's a
British overseas territory citizen but
that doesn't pass automatically to her
children
I really wish my teacher get possible
for me then we call and them work and
look after us all together I speak to
them every day we talk like video call
on skype but sometimes whatever hand go
I cry because he's really far back in
the late 1960s and early 1970s Britain
kicked out the people of the Chagos
archipelago in the Indian Ocean so the
US could build a military base on Diego
Garcia the largest island they were
forced into exile in Mauritius or the
Seychelles often living in poverty but
in 2002 a legal change allowed them and
their children as well as a small number
born between certain dates to apply for
British citizenship and now a community
of several thousand lives here in
Crawley south of London but hundreds of
them don't qualify for a British
passport and the local Member of
Parliament now proposing legislation
giving them that right and cutting the
cost involved from $14,000 to less than
3,000 later generation are born in
Mauritius born in the Seychelles
don't under normal nationality law have
an automatic right to UK citizenship
through no fault of their own because
their ancestors were forcibly exiled
from their home Island so really what
this proposed change in the law does is
to recognize a unique set of
circumstances that at the moment is
dividing families one of those families
ever said guys two years ago share on a
Mauritius national came to the UK with
her two children to join her chigau she
and husband he has a UK passport but
they don't they were given just eight
days to stay and now they're living in
limbo after being threatened with
deportation my Uncle Matt it's a very
traumatic situation I'm always stressed
these days I don't even like going
outside to take my kids to school
because I think the Home Office might
turn up and deport us I can't work and
that makes things worse my husband works
day and night
so we have no family life the big irony
in all of this is there's been a
sustained campaign by this community to
be allowed to return to live on the
Chagos Islands better gaussians here in
the UK have spent years trying and
failing to get the right to return to
what they call their rightful home but
at the same time many feel they're being
doubly punished by a legal situation
which keeps them and their families
apart
people like doris are hoping the renewed
focus on immigration from Commonwealth
countries will help their families in
their push for the right to British
citizenship nadine barber al jazeera
crawley in southern England
