doctors and police dogs are being used
to secure the area where North Korean
leader Kim jong-un and the South Korean
leader moon jae-in will sit down at the
border truce village that's panelling
job a big range of issues are expected
to be discussed including Pyongyang's
nuclear weapons program diplomatic
editor James BAE's has more from across
the border in South Korea from Peru the
final rehearsal took place this
afternoon body doubles playing the role
of supreme leader Kim and president moon
both sides very keen that the
choreography is just right because of
the camera angles and the images but
also because of the important question
of security this is quite a remarkable
event when you think what has happened
on the Korean Peninsula in recent months
the fact that tensions had been so high
here last year particularly during the
summer last year and really a remarkable
turnaround of events bring us to this
first of two possible high-level summits
what changed what allowed room for
diplomacy I've been gauging that at the
UN in New York in European capitals and
here on the Korean Peninsula I filed
this report from the North Korean
capital when you walk around Pyongyang
everywhere you seem to go you hear
military music blaring from shops and
loudspeakers last summer the drums of
war were beating particularly heavily it
was arguably the tensest time on the
Korean Peninsula in decades in September
North Korean Foreign Minister Rhee
jung-ho headed from his ministry here to
New York to give his speech at the
annual meeting of world leaders at the
UN ahead of him in the speaking order
the new president of the US the United
States has great strength and patience
but if it is forced to defend itself or
its allies we will have no choice but to
totally destroy North Korea
Rocketman is on a suicide mission for
himself and for his regime al Jazeera
has learned that hours after that speech
for
ministery sought a brief meeting with
the UN secretary-general Antonio
Guterres at the end of the meeting the
North Korean invited a senior United
Nations official to Pyongyang a trip the
UN had been trying to arrange for over a
year at the beginning of December
Jeffrey Feltman then the UN's head of
political affairs made the visit to
Pyongyang and meetings with North Korean
officials Feltman suggested that kim
jeong-hoon
use his New Year speech to strike a more
conciliatory tone he suggested - that
the Winter Olympics which are about to
be staged in South Korea would be a
useful occasion to improve relations
it's not clear whether the North Koreans
listened to his advice but they did the
things he suggested the leaders sister
kim yo-jong visit to the olympics
changed the atmosphere between the north
and south starting a diplomatic dialogue
there was another important back-channel
- Sweden's foreign minister margot
wallstr√∂m authorised expanded
conversations with the north koreans
at one point it had been planned for
foreign minister ryu howe to meet the
then US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson
in Stockholm that plan changed when
President Trump surprised his own
officials saying he wanted a
face-to-face meeting with Kim jong-un
and then secret dispatched his CIA
director Mike Pompeo to Pyongyang to
begin the negotiations I've been
speaking to diplomats at the UN in New
York and here on the Korean Peninsula
strategic discussions here in North
Korea are made at the highest level and
done in secret but everyone I've spoken
to believes that the bellicose speech by
Donald Trump at the UN General Assembly
was what kick-started the current
diplomatic efforts James BAE's al
Jazeera Pyongyang
