to Cameroon where they're also voting in
a presidential election Africa's oldest
leader president Paul Biya is seeking a
seventh term in office after 36 years in
power opposition groups spent days
trying and failing to form an alliance
to defeat beer only two of the leading
opponents managed to form an electoral
union an election in Cameroon has been
overshadowed by a crisis in the
english-speaking region of the country
6.5 million people are expected to vote
but few of them are from Cameron's
english-speaking region Northwest and
Southwest regions secessionist rebels
there have vowed to stop the poles from
taking place and the government says
it's killed three fighters who were
trying to do just that now this is a
story that we've been covering closely
since the separatist movement started to
gain momentum two years ago here on al
Jazeera a teachers strike in December
2016 kicked at all offers Catherine saw
a reported from bilenda the capital of
the Northwest region this is how you'll
find many classrooms in English speaking
regions of the country students who are
about to write their national exam are
worried that they won't be able to
finish their curriculum but they also
say that sending French teachers to
their schools only makes their studies
harder Cameroon was colonized by the
French and British at the same time both
our official languages there are two
national school curriculums and in
english-speaking regions separate legal
systems but French has always dominated
and the roughly 5 million Cameroonians
who speak English say their language and
culture has been stifled for decades now
that frustration grew from strikes into
street protests leading to a violent
government cranked down last year
thousands of Cameroonian spread to
neighboring Nigeria and al-jazeera
Samedi trees met some of them on the
nigeria cameroon border in january delta
an owner six children join other
refugees to move to a new settlement
away from the nigeria cameroon border
this is the family's third relocation
since they fled the fighting in southern
control many parents in this new refugee
settlement hope that their children can
soon go back to school most of missed
classes since they fled their homes last
year there
no school here so they will have to rely
on nearby schools and the generosity of
the local community and now it's all
come to a head with the election this
Sunday earlier this week hibi Morgan
spoke to a government official about the
crisis the fighting in the western
region which started in 2017 has killed
hundreds and displaced a quarter of a
million people the English speaking
fighters who have called themselves
Amazonians say the elections won't be
held in their regions but the government
disagrees election will take place all
over the nation and security is
guaranteed to all citizens of this
nation as we've said this is a story
that we've covered extensively here on
the news grid only a lot of Cameroonians
reaching out to us on social media oh
yeah we've had thousands of messages and
that continues throughout the year but
it's incredibly impactful today what's
nose full though like you said folly are
the large sections of the country that
are not voting today Amanda in many
towns in the Anglophone parts of
Cameroon the streets are empty there are
reports armed separatists have warned
people to stay indoors or risk getting
shot many of those not voting call
themselves ambos onehans they say ambos
onea is their country not Cameroon and
they say they won't vote for a
government that isn't theirs many
Anglophones want more representation in
the French government a two-state
solution or a new country all together
now on Twitter I created a poll asking
those in Cameroon how they plan to vote
the majority of my followers said that
they are not going to vote but because
they're Amazonian not Cameroonian the
divide between the two sides is really
that strong here some of them explain
the polling stations are all filled with
military people's how can we vote when
our our family and friends are living in
refugee camps in Nigeria in the bushes
people have been killed daily we cannot
vote because they think the election is
more important than the life of the
people were supposed to vote today I am
NOT going out to vote because I am an
imbecile
this is in light of public organized
elections some from Anglophone Cameroon
don't want a new country but a union
between the two sides Beneke is one of
them we think that president Bobby will
be reelected but we call for his
resignation he has been a total disaster
for our country
another age of 85 he cannot govern this
country of more than 20 million people
we are totally opposed to violent
reaction following the election results
but we are going to work strategically
with all the Cameroonians to bring about
the peaceful resignation of mr. po via
our correspondent Heba Morgan is inside
Cameroon covering more of the election
I'm here in the capital yaound√© covering
the election and one thing I have and EU
has deployed observers but they've
deployed around 24 the full of family
which is divided into ten regions so
that's basically about two observers for
every region and the reason why the EU
and you and have not participated
according to the EU at least is because
there's unrest in the southwest and the
northwest regions and that they would
find it very hard to access a lot of the
polling stations so they're not going to
come here and just rubber-stamp as
elections to give whoever wins and more
like most likely it's that it's
president vir who's going to win they
don't just want to rubber-stamp his win
and give it a voice of legitimacy so
many parts of the gut of the country
right now before
have opened quite late some of them are
not accessible to many civilians let's
not forget that the Anglophone crisis
has displaced about 200,000 people many
of them who are here in the capital area
one day some of them in Douala many of
them also in the bush with no access to
the polling stations or voting stations
so it's very hard to see how this con
election will be considered legitimate
by the international community
considering the fact that they had they
didn't have all the observers around and
there were many people who are not able
to access the polling stations have been
working you can follow her on Twitter at
HIPPA underscore morgen now if you're in
Cameroon let us know how you're voting
if you're voting at all the poll on my
page is open for you my profile is that
Lea Harding aje
and as always our hashtag is there for
you hashtag aj news grid yeah
