the scramble to salvage the Iran nuclear
deal French president Emmanuel macron is
in Washington for a state visit as Iran
insists the West has no right to make
any changes to the agreement so can I
can't convince Trump to stick with the
deal this is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm Jane
Dutton France and the United States have
a long history that goes back centuries
from the American Revolutionary War to
the Statue of Liberty that two countries
have had strong ties French President
Emmanuel macron is hoping to build on
that special bond during his three-day
state visit to Washington DC and Donald
Trump has rolled up the red carpet
but beyond the handshakes smiles and
lavish ceremonies there are serious
policy disagreements including the 2015
Iran nuclear deal which could threaten
to put a strain on the special
relationship Trump says he wants to
withdraw from the agreement while France
and other European nations are urging
him to stick with a deal Iran for its
part says if the u.s. withdraws it too
will likely abandon the agreement or get
I guess in a moment but first
al-jazeera's Kimberly elekid reports
from Washington DC u.s. president Donald
Trump welcomed French President Emmanuel
macron to the White House with a state
dinner to celebrate the bond between the
two nations what appears to be a warm
friendship was on full display earlier
in the day Trump even somewhat oddly
decided to wipe dandruff off macron
shoulder we have to make him perfect he
is perfect but as the pair embarked on
the substance of their bilateral meeting
Trump had a stern warning for Iran they
restart their nuclear program they will
have bigger problems and they have ever
had before his statement underscores the
leaders key foreign policy differences
trunk favors was drawing from the Iran
nuclear deal
as one of the signatories to it Makran
was to preserve the 2015 agreement to
limit Tehran's nuclear powers before it
may deadline on whether to pull the u.s.
out or not Trump wants his concerns
addressed those include a plan to stop
Iran's ballistic missile testing and
limit Iran's influence in Iraq Yemen
Lebanon and Syria Makran agreed they may
need to address those
issues to keep the deal alive suyeong
news on Iran we disagree on the jcpoa
but i believe we can come up with
something that can deal with the
fundamental issue of the jcpoa which is
the nuclear issue but also deal with
these other three issues that aren't
included trump again suggested Gulf
nations need to make a larger financial
investment in Syria's future stability
and security following the defeat of
ISIL the countries that are there that
you all know very well are immensely
wealthy they're going to have to pay for
this but the meeting appeared to do
little to ease fears of a looming trade
war with no sign Trump had agreed to
exempt the European Union from tariffs
on steel and aluminum imports set to
take effect on may 1st we have a very
first issue on trade which is over
capacities in still in aluminum it
doesn't come from Europe and not even
from France Kimberley hellcat al Jazeera
at the White House with the US and
France trying to resolve their
differences there is no disagreement
over Iran's next move as we mentioned
earlier its foreign minister says his
country will likely abandon the deal if
the u.s. pulls out and he had some sharp
words for Donald Trump
we've said that the United States has
not lived up to its to its side of the
bargain that is to its commitment to
lift certain sanctions not to impede
economic relations between Iran and its
economic partners it has done all of
that it has prevented basically this way
that threatened companies from engaging
with Iran so the economic benefits of
the of the nuclear deal have not been at
the level that had been promised it's
bring in our guests in Tehran Hamid
Mousavi assistant professor of political
science at the Tehran University in
Washington DC Hillary Mann Leverett a
former State Department diplomat who
negotiated with Iran and loboc texas
joining us on skype oliver mcgee is an
author and does public policy advocacy
in support of the trump administration
a very warm welcome to all of you
haven't wasabi I'm just wondering how
Iran is viewing this vacillating over
its future and the future of the deal
what are they going to say about it
well I think yes I think a lot of
uranium czar very disappointed in micron
because previous to his visit to
Washington the position of the European
Union especially France in Germany was
that the nuclear deal has to stay in
place nevertheless what we have heard
during this with visit to Washington is
perhaps a very close inning a
convergence if you like of positions
regarding the nuclear deal with macron
saying that we need a new nuclear deal
the problem with that is we already have
a nuclear deal that actually took over
two years of diplomacy and if the United
States is not fulfilling its obligations
and the current deal what why should
Iran trust the United States and making
a new deal so I think a lot of
skepticism and I was learned a lot of
disappointment regarding France in Iran
right now all of it McGee that's a good
point isn't it I mean why should Iran
now trust the u.s. with anything as far
as this deal is concerned well what we
see right now is the Trump
administration is adopting what the
Reagan administration did on nuclear
containment and that is trust but verify
so I think the sticking point that is
right now is how can the United States
verify that it's deceiving its interest
inside the deal and more importantly how
can it verify that all the pieces of the
puzzle are being here too so right now
yeah what those interests are what the
US interests are at the moment what this
deals concerned yeah those interests
really are about America first it's
about trying to make sure that they can
control nuclear proliferation not only
in the Middle East but also in the Asian
block as well and that's what you see
right now in the talks with North Korea
and those are going very parallel to
to restarting the Iran deal you might
think that the Trump administration is
trying to unite the interest that is
received and inherited from the Obama
administration to be more consistent
with the America first national security
strategy that Trump has articulated
already and then get that to match what
they're trying to achieve in the North
Korea piece as well you already see the
North Korean leader conceding to the
interest of the west and all now what
you're seeing this week is the French
are already there and the Germans are
feeding possibly gets Trump around the
table scuse me jumping in here Hillary
man livered I mean I know we're jumping
ahead here but North Korea is probably
looking at this with glee and thinking
why should I stick to any deal if the
u.s. is going to change its mind at any
time well very interestingly within the
Trump White House there is a certain
consensus that pulling out of the Iran
nuclear deal will help them in
negotiations with North Korea because
their goal they say is complete
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
which would mean taking apart every
single piece of North Korea's nuclear
program and what stands in their way
in terms of achieving that with North
Korea in their view is this nuclear deal
that the Obama administration negotiated
with Iran that leaves Iran with a
nuclear program where Iran is perfectly
entitled and continues to enrich uranium
on Iranian soil so that's I mean is that
the fundamental behind what Donald Trump
loathes about it so much I mean first
and foremost because it's got Obama's
name I suspect but is that that's the
first that's absolutely the first issue
I mean the first the first issue and
this is critically important because
it's really all about domestic politics
and president Trump himself coming into
midterm elections here in November 2018
and then for his reelection in 2020 so
it's very much rooted in domestic
politics and a key pillar for Trump in
his domestic politics is to distinguish
himself from President Obama and this
was President Obama's signature foreign
policy achievement so
first and foremost Trump must do in
terms of how I think the White House
views this must do whatever he can to
tear down and minimize and belittle what
Obama achieved however that does leave
some room and there is some there's some
optimism here in Washington this morning
but that does leave some room for a
follow-on agreement to the jcpoa to the
Iran nuclear deal
something that makes it much bigger in
president Trump's words that would give
him a victory out of the jaws of Obama's
defeat okay Oliver what is this possible
New Deal going to be and do you agree
with Hillary there that there could be a
deal on the side that he's not going to
scupper pull out of this agreement I
think that Trump is staying very
consistent to what he's been saying on
this issue for quite a long time that
it's time for America to get tough we've
already shown that we're getting very
tough with North Korea and they're
coming to the table and now he's saying
at the same time going into office did
this Maran this Iran deal stunk of high
heaven he did not like it he's really
saying that everyone else Ron had in
their view already come to the table
well the thing is is that what he's
saying is he needs to change the
economic interest of the United States
associated with the Iran deal and that's
what he's also achieving in the North
Korean negotiations as well because
these we can't have uranium going beyond
three to four percent in in the nuclear
in a nuclear realm up where we are in in
Korea and also in Iran we do not want
them to get your radiant values up to 90
percent where they can have a bomb
that's proliferation that is against the
economic interest of the United States
and what you see going on in the White
House is a much stronger hawkish stance
in Bolton and combined with Larry Kudlow
where you're you're 90 national security
strategy with economic security strategy
and this is the America first strategy I
don't see Donald Trump moving very far
away from that on this he's going to be
tough tough hard negotiations with Iran
tough heart negotiations with North
Korea and then he's also working very
carefully to keep the relationships with
the French and then later in the year in
November he's planning to go over to
make good relationships with our
long-standing partner to UK and he's
going to bring the Germans onboard to
Hamid excuse me president rouhani has
already said today actually that he
won't accept any changes to the deal do
you think he'll stick with that line
because we've heard on the same day as I
reefs saying that Iran is always open to
diplomacy so two different messages
there right so before I answer your
question regarding verification of the
deal the jcpoa is very clear in that the
only party authorized to actually
inspect and decide whether is whether
Iran is abiding by the deal is is the
IAEA and the IAEA has consistently
reported that Iran has fully obliged by
the deal so there is no talk whatsoever
of cheating even in the United States I
don't think they believe that Iran is
enriching over 4% I mean just a few
weeks ago Mike Pompeo the head of the
CIA who's trying to become the new
Secretary of State told the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee that he
doesn't believe Iran is after the bomb
even before the deal let alone after the
deal so regarding the issue of
verification I don't think there is any
problem whatsoever there nevertheless
what the United States is asking right
now has nothing to do with verification
the United States is talking about
Iran's ballistic missile program about
Iran's regional policies well the
problem is that these issues have no
place in the current deal there's not a
single word about Iran's missile program
in the deal now regarding what Iran will
do I do not think that as a final
decision has been made I think Iran is
still waiting to actually see what
Donald Trump will do and then after that
I think there are probably three likely
scenario
from the Iranian perspective either that
Iran continues with the deal although it
might decide to you know not implement
some aspects of the deal so maybe
somewhere in between the second scenario
would be to withdraw from the deal
because the United States has withdrawn
and right now actually there's this talk
of maybe even went wrong from the NPT so
one of those three scenarios but I think
Iran has essentially no choice but to
respond in a way if Donald Trump decides
to withdraw from the deal okay Hillary
if Iran does decide to withdraw from the
deal what are we looking at mm-hmm
well president Trump you know gave his
heightened rhetoric yesterday here in
Washington that if Iran does withdraw
from the deal and restart in his terms
restarts its nuclear program they will
be facing dire consequences from the
United States but I think my two
colleagues hit on two critically
important points first my colleague in
Tehran very rightly very astutely
pointed out that Secretary of State
designate Pompeo testified before
Congress here here in Washington last
week that the United States never
believed that Iran was racing toward a
bomb before the nuclear deal in 2015 and
still doesn't believe that Iran would
race toward the bomb that's one piece
the other piece is my colleague in Texas
pointed out really the lack of any
economic payoff for the United States
from this deal those are two critical
aspects because from the but from the
perspective of people I speak to in the
White House on one hand the United
States got nothing from imposing this
nuke these nuclear restrictions on Iran
since Iran wasn't pursuing a bomb anyway
and it got nothing economically the
European companies are the ones that
benefited not American companies so
there's really no interest within the
current White House to stick to a deal
that in their view essentially only
puffs up the former President Obama but
gives the United States nothing in
return
that said the key points that Trump has
put out there as American concerns and
who knows whether these are real since
the the nuclear issue also now seems to
have not been so dramatic in terms of
Pompeo test
monie but those issues as my colleague
in Tehran pointed out the ballistic
missile program
the Iran's not pursuing a nuclear weapon
ever and Iran's regional stance it
stands its influence in the region there
is real there's real room to pursue and
proceed on those paths and it's not that
hard and this is where I think members
of the French delegation here in
Washington see some optimism on the
ballistic missile program it's not that
hard for Iran and others in the region
to agree on a limit for the range of
missiles Iran doesn't need and has said
it has no interest in intercontinental
ballistic missiles long-range missiles
it doesn't produce them it can agree not
to on not having nuclear weapons forever
Iran is a signatory to the NPT it can
literally just recopy that language into
a new agreement this sticking point
which people are really minimizing in
some ways is how to deal with Iran's
role in the region here in Washington
there's really no sense of how to deal
with the Iran's continued rising
influence it seems no matter what the
United States does in Syria in Iraq and
Yemen Iran is the one that benefits and
so there's real puzzlement I think
especially in the white house how to
deal with Iran's influence and here my
colleague in Tehran perhaps could point
to this more their foreign minister
mohammad javad zarif has an idea he has
an idea for a regional security
mechanism to have a dialogue on all of
these issues I'm not sure that will work
in Washington people here aren't that
big on dialogue but to me that's the
real sticking point and that's where I
think President Makran has focused his
his plan going forward okay how much do
you think that's what this is all about
at the moment what is happening in Syria
in particular the fact that Iran has got
such a strong foothold here the close
relationship between Saudi Arabia and
the US administration
well the issue here is that first of all
if there is to be negotiations with Iran
the United States has to talk to Iran
directly right now the United States is
talking about a new deal unilaterally
there's been no negotiations whatsoever
with the Iranians
on any of these issues even if there is
negotiation the only way to success as
Professor leverages pointed out is to
have a mechanism where other parties are
also involved for example you cannot
have Israel having over 200 nuclear
weapons and then in the region in fact
the only nuclear power in the region and
at the same time as you're not to even
have conventional missiles how is Iran
supposed to defend itself so if there is
to be dialogue it has to be on a
regional level and also other parties
such as Russia Turkey even China should
be involved right now there is
absolutely no dialogue except for Trump
making decisions on his own okay Oliver
is the paranoia of what's happening in
the Middle East Iran's growing strength
there Israel's growing concerns about
Iran coming ever closer to its border is
that what's driving Donald Trump now and
his policy what is absolutely Jane this
is the art of the crust of what the
matter is
there has been economic interest
associated with the original deal called
a one hundred and fifty billion dollar
Boeing contract to build Emirates
Airlines so we're talking about big
airplanes big airline industries that's
an economic interest but the biggest
economic interest that Donald Trump has
been talking about for years is get the
oil drop the price down on that oil and
keep it down they are looking at how
American interests can get a hold of
those reserves and start building the
reserves of oil there we have lots of
reserves of oil here in the United
States but the Middle East is also a
very strong economic interest for the
United States in that oil when you have
good oil and you have good four percent
below unemployment four percent
unemployment and then you're trying to
drive an economy from three and a half
percent to four percent and that's the
death the Economic Security enters that
Larry Kudlow is such hearing with the
president and they needed to have or a
strong national security strategy which
they have in place
also a hawk it there like in John Bolton
to be able to unite natural security
with economic security because when you
look at Donald Trump it's about
integrating immigration and integrating
economic tax reform economic interests
and growth growth growth growth jobs
jobs jobs and it's also about
integrating America's infrastructure
Hillary considering the negative impact
Donald Trump's reign has had on Iran and
its European business partners do you
think the III Britain France and Germany
from a financial point of view could go
it alone
I think Chancellor Merkel in Germany put
that out on the table as soon after
president Trump's inauguration and her
visit here to Washington her last visit
here to Washington was was terrible
president Trump would not even shake her
hand and I think she went back to the
European Union and tried to make the
case how the European Union could go it
alone they could be a single power on
the world stage to compete with the
United States they didn't have to go
along with the United States but I think
to her dismay in some ways her
colleagues in Europe especially in
France with the election of President
McCrone he said well you know I'm not so
interested for France to go it alone
with the European Union France may get a
better deal going it alone with the
United States and so we've seen the
French really out in front working
hand-in-hand with the United States they
were the first to come to president
Trump's side to retaliate in Syria after
the chemical weapons attack there a
couple of weeks ago president mokona had
weekly conversations with Trump not just
these these visits for all their pomp
and circumstance but weekly
conversations with President Trump so I
think what Trump's interest is when he
looks at the European Union and he is he
has said this quite frankly he doesn't
want to deal with the European Union he
doesn't want to deal with a strong
multilateral framework on the other side
of his negotiating table he wants a
one-on-one scenario where he's dealing
with countries whether it's North Korea
whether it's Japan or China or France he
wants to deal with them one on one
because he thinks then the United States
has the clear advantage as the world's
big
economy maybe side-by-side with China
but he sees the United States having its
economic and strategic advantage if it
is sitting across the table from a
single country so for for Trump not just
on the Iran deal but on all sorts of
economic issues on tariffs on trade it's
critically important for Trump to have
this relationship with France to break
France away from Germany and the rest of
the economists of the European Union
okay
it's brilliant sorry comet if I may
Trump is sure what about Iran and its
relationship with the EU here from a
business point of view I know how much
Iran needs the EU and let's talk a
little bit more about what sorry
threatened when he said that there would
be consequences and how would this play
out on the ground if this deal is broken
in any way yes well first of all when we
talk about the economic interests of the
United States in the region I think it's
actually very debatable if the United
States wants to solve the conflicts in
the Middle East because the tensions of
the past few years have actually helped
the United States sell billions of
dollars in fact over 300 billion dollars
of arms to Saudi Arabia and now they're
selling a lot of arms both to the
Emiratis as well as the batteries so I
think it's very debatable if they want
to actually reduce the tensions in the
region I'm regarding the issue of Europe
and Iran I think if the United States
decides to withdraw from the deal on may
12 we'll have to see if they decide to
exempt some European countries from
sanctions or not if however they decide
that they want to implement secondary
sanctions secondary sanctions being
sanctions that also punish not only US
companies but actually companies all
over the world so even if a Chinese
company does business with Iran
according to secondary sanctions they
could get punished by the United States
and if on May 12 to trump administration
decides to go down that path then the
problem is that Iran cannot even
continue with the deal with the
Europeans even if it wants to because
they even lately today a lot of you
hammered Mousavi thank you very much for
that those final words there Hillary man
Leverett and Oliver McGee
thank you to for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our website aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story mine is at Jane Dutton
goodbye and thanks for watching
you
you
