amid this specter of a trade war US auto
executives are holding their breath in
China but they're not holding back on
their brands this is a market where
their companies have to maintain a high
profile General Motors now sells more
cars in China than at home almost 4
million last year
it's an important market for Ford as
well
their presence illustrative of the deep
economic connections between China and
the United States but unless Beijing and
Washington can settle their trade
differences these cars could eventually
cost 25 percent more we always advocate
anywhere around the world the benefits
of free trade we feel very welcome in
China here as a business we have great
Chinese partners in spite of strains in
the china-us trade relationship
President Xi Jingping has been holding
out an olive branch he says that four
years from now restrictions that have
been preventing u.s. car manufacturers
from fully owning local companies will
come to an end
a promise to end those restrictions
could go some way to heading off a trade
war China's so important to foreign car
manufacturers that some now choose this
market to launch new models China has
the highest concentration of car
ownership in the world more than 24
million vehicles were sold last year and
a growing number of the cars now
clogging China's roads are electric
powered their popularity is partly down
to generous subsidies available to both
buyers and manufacturers the government
sees electric cars as both a way to
clean up smog choke cities and to become
a market leader in green technology the
Western countries invented the
traditional car that's why the Chinese
government want to encourage development
of his own electric cars to overtake the
West and the government has another
ambitious goal for electric cars to
account for 1/3 of all Chinese car sales
within 7 years Adrian Brown al-jazeera
Beijing
