from the air bass caca finish looks like
any other but all these huts have flimsy
walls made of tarpaulin sheets and
bamboo when the magnitude 7.8 earthquake
shook this part of the world three years
ago nine thousand people died almost
four thousand of them were from
Sindhupalchowk district 152 families
took shelter on this hilltop Maya dongs
village is a day's walk from here our
house was swallowed by the river here
it's impossible to sit inside during the
summer in the winter it's cold and damp
and when the wind blows we are sometimes
afraid that our leaf might get blown off
almost 800,000 homes were damaged by the
quake
each family qualifies to receive $3,000
for rebuilding but so far only 119
thousand families have a permanent home
the rest remain in temporary shelters
Maya dongs family are qualified for the
grant except they have nowhere to build
because experts say their villages are
unsafe
geologists have identified more than 80
families here who can no longer return
to their villages the government has
said that they are going to resettle
them but the process is extremely long
as the decision to allocate land has to
be made by the Cabinet across the
country 286 areas are identified as
high-risk zones for quake damage around
4,000 families need permanent relocation
they are frustrated with the delays and
so are the government representatives
we've been elected for just around a
year and we've processed all the
documents necessary for this area the
problem is the country's system runs
very slow the government estimates 10
billion dollars would be needed to
rebuild the country months after the
quake donors had pledged four billion
dollars for reconstruction but the
government says that the money has not
been handed over yet of the pledge
amount we already have agreements for
2.6 billion dollars we're not in a
position to say that there's a budget
crunch and we can't give any help we're
come
to rebuilding as soon as possible local
government leaders want to build a model
village here but for Nepal is living
under these sheets they just hope that
by next winter walls will protect them
from the wind and rain Sabina shrestha
al-jazeera send the path of destruction
power
