Jamarcus of the inter the sandy
consulate in Istanbul five days ago and
reportedly never walked out Turkish
authorities say they believe who was
killed inside the building and that it
was premeditated saudi arabia denies it
if the journalist the latest victim of
his government's ongoing crackdown on
this and this is inside story
welcome to the program I'm Hashim al
Baba he was banned in Saudi Arabia for
his criticism of the kingdom and wrote
his opinions in the Washington Post
while living in u.s. exile now fears are
growing for the safety of the well-known
journalist Jamel Haji he hasn't been
seen since going into the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul last Tuesday
Turkish police are treating his
disappearance as a murder inquiry Santi
leaders are denying any role but the
case risks tarnishing the kingdom's
image and is creating tension with
Turkey the militia has more from
Istanbul
Jamal Hazuki has been missing for five
days the well-known saudi journalist was
last seen entering his country's
consulate in Istanbul on Tuesday and
hasn't emerged since friends and
colleagues from around the world now
fear the worst of the Turkish security
officials said late on Saturday that
they were treating hassabis
disappearance as a murder investigation
they said he entered the consulate and
he left and we don't know what happened
but his wife was out there so he didn't
leave so that's it that's a fact and I
think Turkish car will probably prove
that he didn't leave because with their
video footage you will see that in a few
days I mean it's just not credible and I
think anybody who has a sense of decency
should understand that this is something
not acceptable it's not acceptable to
kill a citizen just because of its Muse
do it in a different country and just
abduct or whatever I mean was the
operation classic she was the former
editor-in-chief of Saudi media outlets
an Arab and and Wotton and was close to
members of the Saudi royal family last
year however and after the rise of Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman Jamal was
banned from writing allegedly because of
his comments on the kingdom's
relationship with US President Donald
Trump shortly after her shock she fled
his homeland to live in self-imposed
exile in Washington he was not
necessarily a dissident i I disagree
with that description he was a loyal
Saudi citizen he had his own vision of
what the country should be doing the
type of freedoms it needs the type of
reform it needs and maybe in the final
analysis
that's what got him in trouble he was
last seen entering the Saudi consulate
in Istanbul at around 1:00 p.m. on
Tuesday several hours later a Saudi
official told his fiancee who was
waiting outside that he wasn't in the
building Turkish security sources say a
group of Saudi officials flew into
Istanbul on the day of his disappearance
and were at the consulate when keshavjee
was there three days later Turkey's
foreign ministry summoned Saudi Arabia's
ambassador to Ankara and Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman said Turkish police
could search the Saudi consulate they
then invited journalists in to show her
job she was not there after Turkish
police announced they were conducting a
murder investigation
Saudi Arabia state news agency denied
accusations that Raja ji was murdered in
their consulate the Washington Post
which Kajol she wrote opinion pieces for
said if the reports of Jamal's murder
were true it's a monstrous and
unfathomable act Jamal was or as we hope
is a committed courageous journalist the
disappearance of keshavjee is adding
further strain to Turkish Saudi
relations with officials here saying
they will be releasing security camera
video and other evidence if an
acceptable explanation from the Saudis
isn't forthcoming jamal al al al Jazeera
Istanbul earlier we spoke to aden white
who's the president of the ethical
journalism network he says if the
reports are true it is shocking attack
on global press freedom we're not
talking about someone here who is a
fringe activist at all we're talking
about someone who is well respected and
and and therefore that in a way makes
this action even more troubling and even
more worrying and that's why these
reports have to be clarified we need to
have a clear statement from the Saudi
authorities about the whereabouts of
Jamal and an answer to these allegations
which are now very clearly on the table
from the Turkish authorities about
reports that he was tortured and
murdered inside the embassy in Istanbul
free speech has come under increasing
attack ever since Mohammed bin Salman
took over as the Crown Prince last year
public prosecutors
seeking the death penalty against Prime
Minister Salmonella auda he tweeted last
year hinting that Saudi Arabia should
restore ties with neighboring Qatar
which has been under society blockade
for 16 months several Muslim preachers
are in prison several Holly was detained
after publishing a 3,000 page book which
accused Mohammed bin Salman and the
ruling family of betrayal because of
their ties with Israel government
ministers princes and sandy business
leaders were detained days after Salman
became crown prince in what was
described as a crackdown on corruption
some paid billions for their release
let's bring in our guests from Istanbul
we have Naima chalak is the political
editor with the daily Sabah newspaper
joining us via Skype in a man is Adam
Google he is the Middle East researcher
with Human Rights Watch and finally
joining us here in studio is Maha Bua
his director of golf studies centre of
the Qatar University welcome to you all
mr. chalak nothing is conclusive so far
with different accounts about the fate
of the Saudi journalist and critic
germinal Haji but what we know for sure
is that his fiance is saying that he
went into the consulate but never showed
up the Saudis said he left from a
different gate the Turks say they still
believe he's inside the building what's
the situation there well yes it is it is
confirmed that he went on October 2nd to
the Saudi consulate and he never came
out
there has been reports suggesting that
he was his fare that he is it's fair
that he is killed however earlier today
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan spoke on
the issue saying that he still hopes
that there will be a positive outcome
instead and the investigation is
continuing so there has been conflicted
conflicting reports and we hope that
this situation is not as it has been
reported and there will be a positive
outcome otherwise I think this will lead
to a you know we'll put Saudi Arabia in
a difficult position where they need to
explain themselves and their this will
definitely affect Turkey Saudi relations
mm-hmm I'm carrying out there we talk
definitely about the Saudi Turkish
relations but before that Adam Turkish
officials have been really cautious over
the last few hours particularly
president also has saying that he's
confident he would come up with more
clarity when the investigation comes to
an end how do you explain this cautious
statement by the is it because this is
really a complex situation that the
Turkish government is faced with well
I'm not really sure what to make of the
various Turkish statements and comments
the media about the situation
they've ranged from comments that seem
to indicate that they really believed
that he had has been killed inside the
consulate verses the president today
saying that he hoped for a positive
outcome so I'm not really sure what to
make of that I think the main factor
returned to here is that Jamil fascial
ji went into the embassy on October 2nd
he left instructions with his companion
his fiance who was with him to notify
the authorities if he did not return in
two hours she waited their foreign for
12 hours and he never came out now I
have a hard time believing that he
freely walked out of the embassy and was
not able to find her
moreover the various saudi statements
denying their role in this and saying
that he left the embassy i find a little
bit less than convincing given the fact
that they they haven't really given any
detail as to how long he stayed there if
he left what what was he doing there who
he spoke to I mean the Saudis
theoretically could produce all of these
witnesses and people that say they saw
him left him and they haven't done so
they've really just offered very vague
denials mm-hmm
mezu could be just now the Turkish
government he wants to give it more time
for the investigators to establish solid
conclusive evidence about what happened
to German el-hadji to come out and say
this is our version of what exactly
happened to the Saudi opponent if you
allow me - before I go to your question
I think we need to put what happened the
last 48 hours in a context and there are
two level of the context one is as
Saudis or the context was what's
happening since concern welcome to power
and there is a regional context was
basically about the Saudi and regional
international context was basically the
Saudi image in the world I think the
reason why the world is you know talking
about all of this is actually Saudi
Arabia enter a new phase is being called
that therefore time and there Mohammed
bin Salman and and that that reform so
called for reform all of this happening
you know you have tens of people are in
jail now no one knows what happened to
them and you have this event now
happened in the last 48 hours and you
have also that there's this kind of you
know images trying to present the world
that there is a reform covering Saudi
Arabia and what happened to the
journalist was well known
internationally especially in the United
States this context is important to
understand why why Turkey itself seems a
little bit you know giving I would say
different statements on what's happening
I think because there is no accurate of
formations being provided by the Saudis
I think Saudis they have one narrative
which basically they repeat that was
basically did you know she said and and
you have and they invited the government
to come to the consulate and they have
and the Turkish authorities they have
one choice left was basically relying on
their own resources and these resources
started from the consulate itself was
happening surrounding the concert itself
and also depending on the other
resources what happened from the airport
to the concert I think the reason why we
see this conflict of the statement is
actually between all of the parts of the
puzzle together which I think takes some
time and I think some statement actually
taking just some of the these events
all these movements out of the context
of I'm Matt Matt I mean we've seen
senior officials quoted by local media
and by also news agencies saying that
Turkish officials believe that the there
were fifteen diplomats who came from
Saudi Arabia all the way to entered into
the embassy at a time when al-hasakah G
was there
those officials are reported to have
left back to Saudi Arabia which begs the
question it's going to be an extremely
delicate task for the Turkish
authorities to put together the elements
of the puzzle definitely this is
actually over all on its own
it's a very delicate situation the fact
that a dissident Saudi citizen is you
know reported to be killed in Saudi
Arabia consulate in Istanbul the reports
about the 15 a Saudi are citizens coming
into Turkey have surfaced and the leads
believe that some of them were our
official Saudi representatives
however again there has been you know
not conflicting but there's been various
reports so it's hard to pinpoint on
which one of them is true but I think as
president Allah said the investigation
is going on and and the fact that an
official statement has not been released
I think shows that the Turkish
government is definitely looking into
this matter delicately and in detail the
evidence is regarding their position
needs to be very concrete and so that
you know there this situation does not
go back and forth and so I think it is
they are doing their best not to reach
to a conclusion that can be you know in
a weak position so this is going to take
a few days at the least or or I mean the
prosecutors are looking into the
incident depending on how much detail
how much evidence how much concrete
information they need the fact that that
piece of information that 15 Saudi
citizens came at the same day and
they enter the consulate around the same
time I think complicates the matter to a
different level - if it is if it is
confirmed that they were involved in
some sort of a let's say an
interrogation at the consulate or you
know any other involvement this will
definitely move a simple situation to a
more complicated affair between Saudi
Arabia and Turkey and Turkey atom Jamaat
Akash Choksi still missing we know
nothing about his whereabout which is
raising concerns worldwide is could this
be from your own perspective and
indication of an escalation of the way
Saudi Arabia is dealing with its critics
and opponents well that's an interesting
question
Saudi Arabia in fact over the last year
has embarked on a massive crackdown
against any independent voices any
independent thinkers any potential
dissidents people who might criticize
the Crown Prince or Saudi policies where
you see dozens and dozens of arrests
including of prominent women's rights
activists women who were involved in the
right to drive campaigns over the last
few years and were well known to Western
media outlets and Western diplomats you
know many of them at least nine are in
jail in unknown circumstances right now
in Saudi Arabia presumably under
investigation
in addition Saudi Arabia also has of
course you know embarked on a lot of
reckless regional adventures including
the disastrous conflict in Yemen the war
on Yemen as well as the people
negatively affected by its policy of
isolation of Qatar you know I would
think given all these events that said
that the public opinion throughout the
world would already have been affected
but in fact Saudi Arabia
and the princess still to at least some
extent been able to maintain sort of a
positive image of a reforming Saudi
Arabia you know I think that a case like
this really actually shows the true face
if indeed it is true that that that
Jamel
she has been killed if it is true I
think it shows the true face of Muhammad
hotel man and the level of repression
that he has he has brought with his rule
the case of democracy what kind of
message would send to the Saudis in
Saudi Arabia and to the critics who live
in exile of course that will be a very
strong message especially that Jamal
keshavjee was part of the establishment
she was working with Terkel faisal who
was who used to be the director and
saudi intelligence and he used to be the
ambassador ambassador of Saudi Arabia in
London and Washington and he is aware of
you know a lot of details about the
political function and relations of
Saudi Arabia so Ramalho Shakti was not
really a normal journalist who's just
working and he was you know will a
well-connected and and also will a word
of all of what's happening inside Saudi
Arabia I think that is that is one of
the reason it seems to me make his case
very significant internationally and in
Saudi Arabia and I think this will send
a clear message that any any kind of a
critique to the current political
situation the they will pay a heavy
price let's not forget Jamel hishaku in
the last when he left Saudi Arabia he
wasn't actually harsh on the political
system of course he criticized the Saudi
pala policy in Yemen in Syria he was he
was pushing towards sort of
reconciliation between reformist in Iran
and and and Saudi Arabia he was he was
he was thinking out of the books in
terms of the RIBA can play a strong role
in the region and he was trying to
promote this as part of change the the
the foreign policy of Saudi Arabia to
gain more impact influence in the region
and to tackle its own challenges so this
has been a perceived it seems to me to
them from from within the political
circle in Saudi Arabia as being a harsh
critique and they they cannot absorb
that someone from within comes and say
all of this and seems to me that is the
reason why Jamel Hadji case is becoming
a significant when it comes to the all
those who are criticizing
the current political situation Saudi
Arabia Mamet of the worse is confirmed
about the fate of the model Hajji where
does it leave relations between Turkey
and Saudi Arabia well first of all sorry
like I said Saudi Arabia needs to have
an explanation for this this will
definitely put a dent in Turkey Saudi
relations if Jamal's incident is
confirmed and is on the news is
unfortunate however Saudi Arabia we know
has internal domestic problems but it
would be a big mistake for Saudi Arabia
to carry its domestic internal power
rivalry into a carried into Turkey this
will you know I mean I want to remind
something here's mr. Trump not so long
ago said something about Saudi Arabia's
administration I think we need no
further comment and putting saudi arabia
putting itself in a situation that will
be confronting mmm with turkey will not
be something very you know smart for for
the saudi administration they have their
internal problems it's not a democratic
situation there obviously it's not for
Turkey to decide it's Saudi people that
will decide their own fate but carrying
these rival power rivalry into Turkey
will definitely not be a situation that
will be you know smart smart situation
for for Saudi Arabia the bin Salman
administration needs to hold themselves
accountable and hold and know their
responsibility in their relationship
with Turkey turkey is not a country that
they would need its enmity I think they
should see Turkey's friendship rather
than you know confronting with Turkey
and its relations given the dynamics of
the region and the sphere of influence
for Turkey so I mean they need to come
out and have a hold themselves
accountable for therefore the incident
if it is confirmed okay otherwise it
will move to a situation where they will
Turkey will need to address it in
in okay severe measures I see your point
Adam democracy has been described as a
critic and opponent but ultimately his
known worldwide as being a an
independent journalist and a speaking of
freedom of expression how do you see its
future given the fact that Saudi Arabia
remains a country with massive political
and financial clout with many friends
all over the world do you think that
this political or financial club could
further mute international outcry over
the fate of the Monocacy well I think
Jamal keshavjee and wanting one of his
Washington Post columns himself said it
best I think the headline of one of his
first cons was Saudi Arabia wasn't
always this repressive and now it's
unbearable I think that he really
pointed and really put his finger on the
extent the massive extent to which
freedom of expression while never truly
respected in Saudi Arabia has become
absolutely you know not tolerated by
Mohammed bin Salman and he's a group of
security agents who are monitoring
Twitter who are monitoring every
statement made by Southie citizens
looking for criticism and looking to
punish any Saudi citizen who do
criticize his policies or policies of
the state and I also think it's
important to point out that whatever the
fate of Jamel even if he even if he
hasn't been you know killed even if even
if what we believe as the worst possible
outcome here isn't true he's already a
victim of Saudi Arabia's crackdown on
free expression he himself had to flee
his country in September of 2017 fearing
arrest and he was right to fear arrest
cuz shortly after he left many many
people did get arrested and you know
he's been living in exile as a victim of
Mohammed bin Salman
you know crackdown on free expression
already so look I don't think where
we're going is a very good place and I'm
very concerned about not only the future
of you know Saudis being able to express
themselves freely but also the people
who have been detained who are
inevitably going to put through be put
through unfair trials and convicted the
long prison terms massive I mean since
Mohammed miss Alma
muhammad wa sallam was appointed as
crown prince is this huge optimism
particularly worldwide about fresh air
in Saudi Arabia the era of political and
economic reforms and what could be seen
as the beginning of by a vibrant
democracy that has been completely
dashed over the last few months is this
case particularly now going to further
put more damage into the images that I
would argue regardless you know the
outcome what happ what will happen or
what happened to Jamal how ugly the
damage absolutely massive
because even even kidnapping him in the
consulate that's itself an event and and
who not before written I think it's not
forget Prince Mohammed bin Salman
visited the right estate and he has a
very famous tour in the United State to
introduce a new face to this today and
you Saudi Arabia and all of this now if
you look at what's happening the last 24
hours in the newspapers and there that
were basically destroying everything he
has done I think what's happened
absolutely you know the outcome will be
massive on the image of Saudi Arabia I
think it's a it will be difficult
actually actually to fix it in the
future and if something happens really
jemelle harsh FGM and you know that
would be really something and foreign
Ferguson limit for for Turkey it's been
a now safe haven for many Arab opponents
who have been moving to Turkey since
particularly after 2011 and some of them
have been tweeting recently particular
over the last few hours that they no
longer feel safe in Turkey if it's
confirmed that Joe Merrill Hardy has
been targeted killed in in Istanbul I
think this if Jamal is unfortunately you
know there is news cameras at negative
unfortunately this is a message that
probably been Salman Mohammed bin Salman
was trying to attain with doing this to
make all the opposition's or opposition
figures in Turkey from Syria or or let's
say Saudi Arabia to feel unsafe but
Turkey has been a safe country for for
let's say the Syrian
opposition figures since the breakout of
the war on Turkey is not as they
probably have imagined and Turkey will
deal with this
accordingly Turkey is a safe country for
the opposition's for the opposition
figure for anyone for any any members of
I mean any cities of any country and in
addition to Turkish citizens Turkish
students
I mean foreign citizens are as safe as
Turkish citizens Mohamed Cilic Adam
Google Matthew was very thank you very
much indeed for your contribution to the
program and thank you too for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our web site aljazeera.com
for further discussion go to our
Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside sorry you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story for me hashem on bottom
the whole team here bye for now
you
you
