known for his extravagant and sometimes
strange costumes asaram bapu or bapuji
as is known has disciples around the
world and in hundreds of Hindu religious
retreats known as ashrams gurus such as
asaram say they meet people's spiritual
needs but some are accused of exploiting
their followers for money property and
sex by offering them a one-stop shop for
everything you have been you have you
have spiritual pain you know family
problem this man has all the answers
asaram was arrested by police
investigating the rape of a 16 year old
girl in Rajasthan the 77 year old
responded to an exorcism request from
her parents who believed she was
possessed by evil spirits after Assam
was charged his followers protested and
scuffled with police the allegations
made against Bapuji are completely false
and there's no truth in it Bapuji is not
alone he has millions of followers who
support him and will continue to do so
SRM supporters say the Guru practices
black magic and can instantly transform
fortunes but the Guru has also been
linked to the mutilation of four young
boys in an alleged sacrifice ritual many
in India have called for tough legal
action against him and others self
professed God men demand his Astra his
religious centre be seized by the
government he should be put behind bars
and all his property throughout India no
matter what it is should be seized Asad
Ahmed is 46 year old son Narayana are
also accused of other crimes including
the rape of two sisters over a period of
10 years in the city of Surat police
said asaram son admitted the sex
assaults and fathering a child with one
of his victims but nearly all witnesses
in the rape case changed their mind
about testifying
fearing expulsion from their community
at least two witnesses were shot and
killed that case is continuing these
kind of grooves over the period of time
have lot of political patronage there
various political parties in India who
seek their support during election time
so they become all-powerful and they get
shielded and they think that they are
above the law
prosecutors are fighting back by using
laws passed for the protection of
children against sex offenders to stop
religious leaders such as God men from
breaking the law
Paul Trudeau G on al Jazeera
