are world leaders doing enough to stop
the war in Yemen the United Nations
condemns the killing of wedding party
guests in an airstrike by the saudi-led
coalition the Saudis are promising to
investigate what about other airstrikes
which have killed women and children and
the second-in-command of duty rebels
this is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm Jane
Dutton for years of war in Yemen showed
no sign of relenting especially from the
air sorry led coalition airstrikes have
killed at least 45 people in the past
week including wedding party guests
women and children as in previous
attacks which have killed large number
of civilians these Saudis have promised
to investigate and the UN Secretary
General Antonio Guterres has strongly
condemned the killings which have also
included the Houthis second in command
both the Houthis and coalition leaders
are being urged to negotiate peace Mike
Hanna has more from UN headquarters in
New York the wedding hall which was to
have been a scene of joyous celebration
was turned into a death trap this video
which al-jazeera cannot independently
verify shows the aftermath of the
airstrikes believed to being carried out
by the saudi-led coalition local
officials said the first missile
detonated in the men's section of the
wedding party moments later a second one
hit the side on which the females were
gathered this footage released by the
Houthi rebels shows the horrific
aftermath a young boy screaming and
crying next to what appears to be the
lifeless body of his father dozens of
people were treated in the nearby
hospitals they have no mercy towards
children they've been killed without any
remorse says this man a spokesman for
the saudi-led Coalition says it will
carry out a full investigation the UN
has said that off the estimated 10,000
you men eves that have so far lost their
lives in the conflict some 60% have been
killed in airstrikes there's been no
formal response from the Security
Council as yet its members have just
returned from a weekend retreat in
Sweden but the office of the Secretary
General has issued a statement on his
behalf condemning the attack it reads in
part the secretary-general reminds all
parties of their obligations under
international humanitarian law
concerning the protection of civilians
and civilian infrastructure during armed
conflicts he calls for a
prompt effective and transparent
investigation and during the day details
emerged off another saudi-led air strike
Houthi political Council heard Saleh
else Ahmad was killed in an apparent
missile attack last Thursday the Burley
was on us with full sorrow and sadness i
moon to our Yemeni people the dear
martyr president saleh ali al simmered
who was killed on the 19th of april with
six of his companions he was targeted in
her data province on his way back from a
meeting with local leaders by three
airstrikes launched by the war planes of
the us-saudi aggression saleh our summit
is the most senior Houthi leader to have
been killed since the west and back
saudi-led coalition intervened in Yemen
just over three years ago Mike Hanna al
Jazeera United Nations as the war in
Yemen enters its fourth year the UN says
has become the world's worst
humanitarian crisis 22 million Yemenis
that's three-quarters of the population
are in dire need of humanitarian aid or
protection nearly 18 million don't have
enough to eat 16 million lack access to
basic health care and more than 10,000
have been killed with large numbers
injured mainly by indiscriminate armed
action by all parties in the war well
let's bring in our guests onset is no ha
a bull dahab a visiting fellow at the
brookings der Hart Center from Sanaa
Hussein al petty a pro Houthi journalist
and joining us by Skype from Washington
DC is Nabil Correa former US diplomat
and deputy chief of mission in Yemen for
the State Department a very warm welcome
to all three of you
Hassan al-bakr 80 targeting a wedding
those gruesome pictures that we've just
seen three deadly strikes in three days
a real uptake on military action here
what do you think is going on it seems I
mean from the beginning of this war and
the Saudi started it strikes an attack
on Yemen in 26th of March 2015
by destroyed
entire neighborhood north of sauna and
the same last three days they have
target our dink they have targeted the
patrol station killing 13 civilians in
the patrol station and it seems to me
that the Saudi Arabia will continue to
target civilians infrastructure target
schools wedding halls funeral halls they
have been doing that from the beginning
this I think that the tenth wedding that
has been targeted during this war
hundreds of people has been killed just
in in in weddings holes or wedding
gathering and it this is the Saudi they
don't care because they think with their
money
they come by the United Nation and we
remember that they have actually
blackmailed the United Nation aim from
the blacklist for killing children and
this is one of the most shameful step
that the United Nation has done and the
Saudi using the bridge the British and
using the American they have blocked a
draft from the Dutch government to do an
international investigation independent
investigation into Yemen into all crimes
either committed by the saudi-led
coalition or what claims is committed by
the hosi but it was blocked by the
United Kingdom they show you that those
three country they are they know there
are crimes committed in in by the Saudi
but because all the weapons that they
say odious is provided by the United
Kingdom and provided by the United
States so they don't any investigation
to be done because they will be held
responsible for providing the Saudi with
gbas location with coordinate and we
know that the Saudi will make a mess and
we're gonna get back in a spot because
it's very important the satellite
forgive me I want to just deal with
these strikes initially in this increase
in strikes it seems not be a hurry that
we are seeing an escalation aren't we
yes in and of itself the deaths of one
man even though he was the head of the
political Council of the hoodies does
not change very much on the ground but
in the bigger picture this is an
escalatory move whether
intended to kill him or not they have
been going after civilians they have
also been going after the ho C
leadership wherever they find them or
think they have found them for me this
indicates that the Arab saudi-led
coalition is making a renewed push to
win this war they are making it in and
around ho data itself where someone was
killed they are also making it in the
north and for that effort they have
recruited more mercenary forces they
don't have any of their own forces on
the ground but they have rented out
people from Sudan from Pakistan from
other places in Africa so they are
clearly making a push and this is where
the escalatory thing is instead of
putting peace forward they are still
putting the military solution forward
I'm afraid the murder of this man the
killing of this man is also going to
cause the Houthis to escalate from their
end because they have already promised
revenge of some sort this is very
unfortunate
I think both sides all the Yemeni people
a new peace initiative instead of a new
escalatory military moves no Abdul da
hub what do you make of what we've seen
over the the last three days the the
hits on the weddings the innocent people
I mean this escalation in strikes do you
think it is a case of ending this war
taking out the Houthis at whatever cost
well certainly there's been an
escalation over the last three days but
there's also been an escalation on both
sides whether it's you know the the
Houthis firing their ballistic missiles
into Riyadh and so on it's it's on the
other hand it's more of the same
weddings funerals hospitals schools have
been bombed repeatedly in the past and
Saudi Arabia's reaction has been similar
in the sense that it said you know it
will investigate so you know the this
doesn't make a difference doesn't it
investigate if it is your own kind well
exactly it's investigating it's its own
actions and in the past these
investigations have been questionable in
terms of process and transparency and
they've they've tended to deflect
responsibility onto their Yemeni
military allies inside Yemen I think
that you know the the the message here
from the last three days is despite the
fact that you know there's this rhetoric
about the peace process and the
importance of the peace process in
engaging the high D government and and
the UN the both parties seem to think
that you know the a military solution is
the only solution to this conflict he's
saying taking out Saleh
Samadhi Houthi second-in-command what
sort of impact is again to have on the
Houthis will this lead them to the
negotiation negotiating table will it
lead to an increase in fighting and
where does that leave the Houthis and
their attacks on Saudi Arabia the only
impact it has on the whole he and most
of you mean is that something sad to
hear that the head of the Political
Council was killed but it wouldn't have
any effect on the political issue like
in sana because within three days of his
killing the hotel's appointed a new
person which is mr. Madi Alma shot and
this guy he we can be we can consider
him as one of the hard liners so he will
have more impact on the Saudi and
because we are in a war so it's expected
that some of the hoteliers or the M&E
army commanders will be killed before
like they have killed one of the senior
commander in the frontline South in when
he was in south of here man and it
hasn't had any impact but I think this
will be will make the healthy stronger
because by the killing of the of one of
their top leader there will be more
people going to the to the frontline and
and I think there is no I can't see any
side for peace from this point because
now the Holte they can actually escalate
the way they they need it and the way
they think it will be the good
like response to the Saudi and I I
didn't think that anyone can blame them
for any escalation in the future because
in the last three days more than 50
people civilians were killed and they
killed the senior ho T leader so I think
now the whole team are preparing a major
attack a major ballistic missile strike
and I'm sure that in the coming a few
days or weeks where see what new
ballistic missile come into service they
they will of course they will be
targeting now they will focus we have
seen in the last few weeks they target
on Aramco company it seems to me that
the Houthis now have to realize that the
oil is the backbone of the saudi-led
coalition war in Yemen the oil is is
where the money come from that they buy
weapons from the United Kingdom and the
United States and I think this will be
the major and the most important target
for the whole sea missile unit including
port and airports ok Nabil so there's
that straight we've seen an increase in
attacks coming from the Houthis as well
we clearly are in a very dangerous
situation is there anything out there
that's going to stop this from
exacerbating well the only thing that
can stop it is an outside force such as
the United States leaning on the Saudis
in particular but both sides do mean
United States is working alongside the
Saudis they providing arms they
providing information they're making a
lot of money out of this war exactly I
think especially under this
administration the emphasis is on the
economic commercial side of the
relationship with Saudi Arabia and the
US has in fact been empowering Saudis in
their attacks the only reaction we've
seen so far from the u.s. is what we've
been seeing for the past year which is
blaming Iran and this really insults the
intelligence of anybody listening to
nikki Haley at the United Nations Iran
does not have a single soldier in Yemen
and Iran does
learned some assistance to the hotties
but it's not anywhere near as
significant as what the Saudis about how
much assistance they are providing when
it comes to the missiles for example yes
well they can smuggle in a small number
of missiles in parts which then have to
be put back together inside Yemen the
whole thing is also have some advisors
from Lebanese Hezbollah and some of
these people are technical experts so
they can help in developing some of the
older weapons many of the rockets that
have been fired at Saudi Arabia are
older generation soviet-era rockets but
those can be modified the range can be
extended and that's where some Iranian
and Hezbollah expertise comes in but in
general this is still minor compared to
the firepower that has been directed at
the Houthis and at chemin as a whole so
in the end to blame Iran for what's
going on is really missing the point
this war is between the Houthis and
Saudi Arabia so you might as well put
these two together and get them to end
the war and stop trying to blame Iran
for it no I should imagine if we can go
back to the the money issue that there
many parties interested in keeping this
war going I mean you've got members of
the Houthi who become very wealthy over
this war you've got the UK providing
arms the u.s. there that we speaking
about though we've been talking about
the UAE stepping in and playing its game
there how do you stop that sort of
action how do you stop take away that
incentive yeah I mean it's definitely
it's a lucrative war business and as you
rightly stated all of them the multiple
parties in this conflict and we mustn't
forget that it's not it's not a two
sided conflict there are many actors at
play here whether it is the you know the
southern the southern leaders in Yemen
and the southern secessionist movement
which has gained a lot of ground over
the last three and a half years of this
war the UAE
the saudi-led beside them alongside the
south but also and of course the Houthis
and the saudi-led coalition but also
there's the heavy government and you
know while there is sort of renewed but
cautious optimism with the new UN
Special Envoy Martin Griffiths I think
as a viable mediator in this conflict I
think that you know from from what I see
there's there's a lot of frustration
among Yemenis with this fixation on the
heavy government as this so-called
internationally recognized government
the legitimacy of the heavy government
is is quite weak in fact among among
Yemenis and so you know the there's an
argument that you know the the approach
towards the peace process needs to pay
more attention to the southern issue pay
more attention to those areas of Yemen
there are relatively stable and also pay
attention to the fact that it's not a
homogeneous country different actors
operates or have you know different
levels of power in different parts of
the country and this is why it is
absolutely crucial that the Yemenis who
have left Yemen especially in the last
three and a half years many of them are
professionals they're lawyers they're
activists they're you know scholars and
sexuals or former politicians they must
be engaged to like properly understand
the complexities of this country and how
to address the various geographical
areas I feel that's key isn't it that
all players are involved that the
Houthis are brought to the table isn't
the existing resolution at the UN
updated now considering how much control
the Houthis do have why should the
Houthis give up arms if they in this
position of control including in in sana
shouldn't that change for a start
absolutely I think there is a need for a
new UN Security Council resolution the
problem is that resolutions coming out
of the Security Council have been
one-sided and are likely to continue to
be one-sided the US will probably veto
anything that the Saudis don't like but
Martin Griffiths has the right idea
which is to approach all the warring
parties everybody
needs to be taken into consideration but
in the end of the day you have the the
power blocs the main power blocs meaning
Saudi Arabia the Houthis as an outside
power the United States if these three
powers are not behind them don't support
his efforts then they will be futile
absolutely needs to talk to everybody I
know what their interests are what would
cause them to put down their weapons but
you have looks like they at the moment
choosing the military solution on pay
yes I mean I think definitely from the
Saudi point of view you have NBS who is
a very ambitious young man who has
already asserted himself as the de facto
ruler in Saudi Arabia but he also wants
to assert himself as the regional power
center as the regional leader and
unfortunately he is choosing to do that
with military means one would think that
going on the fourth year now of this war
somebody should say hey maybe we should
try a different tack here from the hosi
perspective I think by now they
certainly know that their original dream
of controlling all of Yemen has
foundered and that there is no way they
can rule the whole country they have to
be realistic they have to be pragmatic
and accept something less than that
where they have are all where their
region is respected where the rights are
respected but beyond that I think they
should be suing for peace and whereas I
place the initiative should be in Saudi
hands I also would advise the Houthis
instead of escalating at this point to
actually put forward a peace plan of
their own what will it take to push the
Houthis to the table now look how many
of your own people are dying here and
there's no end in sight would it work
for you if
if hadi position his role was lessened
if you were given more power if you
became more of a political player taking
more seriously no I think we shouldn't
if they're like mention Hadley because
the so called had the legitimacy does
not exist only in a room inside hotel
early at Hadley does not exist anywhere
else
only in in that room okay so reality on
the other hand to ask yeah and like to
ask the answer a lot the holy to come to
the negotiation table they have been to
the negotiating table they have accepted
the 22:16 but this 22:16 was just only
not to allah wobbles as they say to come
to the holy but in the other hand we see
in weapons flowing into Yemen towards
all militia that fighting with the
saudi-led coalition including al-qaeda
and let's let's remind you that the US
Treasury list has bought four people on
the terrorist list and one of them is
the governor by that one and the other
one is the leader of the Soviet
Coalition in merab and one in a job and
one leaf with hiding in Riyadh he's the
advisor and all these cases I'm saying
we know where we are now what's it gonna
take
no I I didn't think I didn't think we
should we should ask the whole theater
to push the peace process
everybody has got you to eliminate them
do they bit no but the no the first one
who need to put or to go to to peace or
to put an effort in the Saudi the one
who started the the war in Yemen and
they can do it with one thing to open
sana airport to lift the blockade on her
data port and to only allow food and
medicine and fuel to come into Yemen if
they do that then the whole sea will go
fully to the negotiate negotiate and
table and they will they will they will
put all the effort to to reach peace and
for you to mention that like there are
many people from the Holy Order people
fine let me just really no less rhyme
with the more take of them carry it
exacerbated the war there but I mean you
can hear the different positions and it
seems that everybody seems reluctant
to move forward a bit what's the next
step right so it's been at the stalemate
for a very very long time now
you know we mustn't forget sure of
course a significant number of
casualties are caused by the sort of
indiscriminate attacks by the saudi-led
coalition the Houthis are also
responsible for you know arbitrary
detention killings torture forced
disappearances the abduction of
journalists systematically it's and so
on I think that you know and in terms of
the US as as an actor I just I can't see
the US as a viable actor so long as the
current situation persists so long as it
continues to refuel Saudi Jets in midair
to continue bombing Yemen I just can't
see the u.s. paying a playing a piece
peace process rule here
having said that we should we should
remember that the current sort of crisis
and you know the multiple crises in
Yemen that have that are you know at
their peak at the moment are you know go
back to the flaws of the National
Dialogue conference process in Yemen in
2013 and 2014 the representation of the
various parts various political parties
in Yemen was superficial and and many
whether it was the southerners whether
it was the Houthis whether it was Yemeni
women or the youth and so where we are
today is in part because of the failure
of this National Dialogue conference
process now a bull hub thank you very
much thanks also to my other guests who
say no boo Katie and Nabil curry and
thank you too for watching you can see
the program again any time by visiting
our web site aljazeera.com for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside store you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story for me Jane dutton and
the rest of the team goodbye for now
you
