it's been described as the worst
industrial disaster in Bangladesh's
history on April the 24th 2013 more than
1100 people were crushed to death and
2,000 injured when an eight story
building collapsed in an industrial
suburb of the capital Dhaka the majority
of the victims were women working in
garment factories in the Rana Plaza
building they were making clothes for
well-known brands including penitent and
Primark an investigation found the
workers had complained about the cracks
in the walls despite warnings the
building was unsafe survivors say they
were forced to work regardless five
years on and family members of some of
the victims gathered at the disaster
site demanding justice
Hanna Begum says her daughter's body was
never found my daughter never returned
from work I keep looking for her but I
have no idea where her body is she used
to be the main earner in the family I
don't have a son to this day there is no
justice around 80 percent of the 75
million garment workers worldwide are
women rights groups say they often have
no chance of negotiating wages are
abused exploited and forced to work in
unsafe conditions the tragedy in Dakar
led to an agreement between some
clothing brands and unions designed to
better protect a Bangladeshi workers
since then around 2,000 factories have
been inspected and nearly three million
workers trained in fire safety but the
monthly minimum wage of around 65
dollars remains well below the World
Bank's global poverty line of 85 dollars
the report by a us-based rights
organization concludes that thousands of
garment factories in Bangladesh remain
at dangerous places to work the NYU
Stern Center for Business and Human
Rights says 1.2 billion dollars is
needed to make all garment factories in
Bangladesh safe
it says popular brands retailers and
governments all have to do more to
improve garment workers rights and
safety in some of the idea there are
some progress but as a whole we can say
this progress is not enough trade union
people they are under threat they are
not organized that they do not easily
till now bangladesh this is actually
especially for the government sector it
is not workers friendly rather than it
is friendly for the businesspeople
it seems fashion changes faster than
human rights evolve in the garment
industry so many of the women who make
the clothes we wear remain vulnerable to
exploitation working in factories that
are far from city centre shopping malls
and far from safe chance trafford al
jazeera
