playing piano in front of her classmates
before heading to school was once
unimaginable for Sidra after fleeing the
war in Syria the 12 year old was forced
to drop out for two years there was a
school at the refugee camp but I didn't
like it
I loved studying here in Amman because I
study with my friends and the level of
education is better this UNICEF Center
helps Sidra transition back to school
impoverished children such as Syrian
refugees come to learn everything from
English to communication skills to play
and obtain psychological support to cope
with the trauma they've endured come on
feed them enough see one of my sons has
psychological problems the psychologist
at the center has helped him he is now
listening to me and he is better and
this has been the biggest benefit UNICEF
says 31% of Syrian children in the
kingdom are not enrolled in any formal
or informal education program yet this
year there are more Syrian refugees in
the Jordanian school system than ever
the Ministry of Education has
implemented a double shift system to
meet the need UNICEF is also providing
cash assistance to encourage children to
stay in school 55,000 students are
receiving about $30 a month the money
helps pay for the cost of transportation
uniforms and school supplies UNICEF says
the economic crisis in Jordan is making
it harder for all children living in
poverty its educational program is
operating with a more than 100 million
dollar deficit this year this is now a
prolonged crisis and so it is becoming
increasingly challenge for us to
maintain interest in funding these very
important programs but the reality is on
the ground there we see increasing
vulnerabilities of the most children
educating children is seen as a
long-term economic investment in Jordan
and at these centers all nationalities
are coming together and learning to get
along Natasha ganene al Jazeera
a man
