tenshun turned to celebration after 11
days of street protests that brought
down armenia's prime minister it was a
humiliating end for Serge Sargsyan
the man who has clung to power in the
former Soviet republic for a decade on
Monday he resigned to preserve the peace
he said just hours after unarmed
soldiers were seen joining the crowds in
the capital yerevan we know that the
country has been suffering specifically
under the rule are the two mandates of
the president with absolute lack of
institutional freedom so be it the
judicial be it the the the police will
be at the the health or culture or even
the religious the fact that they really
took the initiative on in the individual
basis to come to the street shows that
ultimately institutions are formed by
human beings and human minds and
intentions tox-en stepped down a day
after his security forces arrested and
then released the leader of the
Opposition further angering the crowds
it could have been a tipping point
towards violence they claimed sarcassian
had rigged the system to stay in power
president since 2008 he'd been forced to
step down because of term limits earlier
this month but a pliant Parliament
formed after constitutional changes he
presided over three years ago
swiftly appointed him prime minister
with enhanced powers stripped from the
presidency critics said it was a job for
life the mostly peaceful protests had
focused on high-level corruption and
persistent poverty in the country but in
a volatile region they were closely
watched by Russia with whom tseng chien
had formed close ties but the Kremlin
said it would not intervene describing
events in Yerevan as a domestic matter
to the crowds evident delight Jonah hull
al-jazeera
