hi I'm Malika Vinod today a historic
peace deal between the Colombian
government and the Revolutionary Armed
Forces of Colombia or FARC is at risk of
failing as mistrust grows we asked can
the deal hold tweet me your thoughts or
comment in our live YouTube chat this is
the definitive one that said Colombia's
President after signing a final peace
deal with the leftist armed movement
FARC the landmark Accord was welcomed
across the world and brought Juan Manuel
Santos a Nobel Peace Prize but now the
agreement is on uncertain ground with
the political opposition in the
ascendency and FARC angry at the recent
high-profile arrests of a senior leader
Al Jazeera's Alessandro Mbit has more
from Bogota a year and a half ago the
historic peace deal between the
Colombian government and firefighters
was signed in this theater in downtown
Bogota much has been achieved since the
great majority of Fighters demobilized
and the organization became a legal
political party the government also
granted the majority of former fighters
amnesty yet the joyful crowds are gone
and the road towards a lasting peace has
become rocky as the implementation of
reforms promised by the Accord has
started to lag on April 9th the arrest
and extradition requests to the US of
his recent reach a former senior FARC
commander and peace negotiator on drug
trafficking charges fuelled lingering
suspicions about the ex rebels
please while an increase in violence in
areas once under the Fox influence as
criminal gangs and remaining armed
groups fight for control of the
lucrative drug trade has many wondering
about the government's ability to take
control of these restive regions add to
the mix the uncertainty over
presidential elections in just five
weeks time dominated by the most
polarizing candidates and it's clear
that the stakes are higher than ever to
definitely put to rest five decades of
civil conflict in the country and to
discuss this further we have Addison's
wrote live from Bogota also joining us
is Paloma Valencia she's a senator with
a Democratic Center party which recently
won extra seats in legislative elections
the party has expressed concerns about
the terms of the peace deal
Christianne business is country director
in Colombia with the Norwegian Refugee
Council the organization has provided
assistance to former fart combatants
within special zones aimed at
reintegrating them into society and also
joining us from a Colombian capital is
Andres Fernandez he's a former adviser
to the general director of the Colombian
reintegration agency will welcome to the
stream everyone I defender I want to
start with you because of course one of
the biggest news lines currently is the
one that you talked about in your piece
at the beginning of this show the arrest
of hey Suz end stage what is it about
this arrest in particular that has
people wondering whether or not this
could disrupt the peace deal well Malika
here you have one of the FARC top
commanders one of the big negotiators in
Havana Cuba who signed the deal together
with the Colombian government who is now
being arrested on charges of allegedly
trafficking with Mexican drug
traffickers to send up to ten tons of
cocaine to the US and according to the
indictment that came from the New York
Southern District Court he would have
done this after the signing of the deal
and a conspiracy that has been going on
since June of last year now so since a
lot of Colombians were worried about the
fact that FARC could continue operating
and being part of direct trafficking in
the region this of course came as a
shock and it was a big shock to a lot of
people in the country who also supports
the deal on the other side though this
is also the first opportunity to see how
this Accord works in in case in the case
of one of these former five members
participating in criminal activities I
want to share with our audience what
former FARC members are saying about
this arrest this is a tweet from Ivan
Marquez who you'll hear from in just a
second but he tweets in Spanish
referencing the Interior Minister of
Colombia saying I can tell you that
justice is obeyed yes but the injustice
is not this is consecrated by universal
law and that is why we are asking you to
undo the judicial assembly against sense
reach and proceed towards his release
now he's also spoken about this have a
listen to some of the angry reaction by
FARC leaders and ebon in particular with
the capture of our comrades hey Suzanne
Trish the peace process is at its most
critical phase and threatens to be a
real failure so the mentioned breaches
from the state a new situation is now
added that we had already considered
since Congress and on account of the
perverse action of the Attorney General
the dismantling of the special
jurisdiction a piece has now begun one
thing you see on all of us
Paloma I'm wondering what you think
about this because I know that the last
time you appeared on our show in 2016
you were against this peace deal this
could indicate that the government is is
serious about making sure that
infractions are not met with impunity
that they are punished
well actually I would say that the
agreement granted FARC absolute impunity
there are now elected as senators and
congressmen in in our narrower Congress
even though they didn't pay you know
even one day of jail by the crimes they
committed they didn't recognize the
crimes they are now into others will be
into office they didn't even ask for
forgiveness of the victims we saw how
they took all the money into into the
politics the government allows them to
keep the money even though they were
supposed to give it and the general
attorney showed they were keeping a lot
of money in businesses who were which
were intervened by the general attorney
and now this knew that Vantage was in
business with a cartel de sinaloa
I had the information from the beginning
that part when because when they began
with the negotiation with the government
we're bringing a lot of people of Mexico
who claim to be from the capital the
Sinaloa especially to the south of the
country and they were selling the the
crops the illicit crops to these people
and they were linking them to the
peasants who have the cultivations all
over for example coca and Marie knew
everybody was telling this story but
what I fear is that they didn't actually
get out of the business but they keep
kept the business and wanted to go on
with it I think that an admissible not
only for the Colombian people but for
the government which has been giving
them everything and even though they
were not complying with their basic
things they promised to do as getting
out of and
I can see you kind of itching to get in
there go ahead what was your take no on
the contrary I believe that the
investigation that is carrying out to
Sand Ridge precisely shows that the
institutions are working and that there
is no a general impunity it shows that
the rule of law is working and of course
he he deserves a due process but it is
fine guilty he should be sentenced and
prosecuted but it shows that actually
the agreement is Frank institutions are
strong and it starts to debunks all the
myths that were surrounding the the
agreement for example that the estate
was going to be controlled by park it
was shown they only had tipped in fifty
thousand boats more or less so for sure
they are not taking the state to
elections and in the other hand if they
break the law they're being sanctioned
so I think both of the most important
myths that surrounded the agreement are
debunked with the actions of the
government and of the german general
attorney and which I must say is doing a
great job the government hasn't done
anything this is the act no attorney
which cooperated with with the
government and precisely all of these
measures have been taken because the
government is collaborating with the
general eternity as it has had
throughout his his appointment and so I
think both the general attorney and the
government are showing that the
agreement is wrong and that the
institutions are not taking by part so I
see where you disagree there Paloma and
Andres but I want to bring in our
community right here this is compa on
twitter who says if you look at the
history of colombia and the many peace
deals signed with gorillas it is not the
gorillas who break them it is the
government a better question would be is
the government actually committed to
peace so there are some skepticism from
people on line but I wanted to share a
comment from someone on the other side
of that spectrum someone who says this
peace deal is a good thing but there are
some things we need to keep in mind
this is even briscoe on the
reintegration of former FARC rebels so
far the peace process with the FARC has
caught some really important
achievements basically demobilizing and
disarming 7,000 former combatants
creating a new political party out of
what was a guerrilla movement for over
half a century and when you look at the
state of the peace process and consider
that their elections coming up there are
worries as to what will happen with that
with the fundamental parts of the
longer-term process of bringing the FARC
ex combatants back into civilian life
with reincorporation with the productive
projects economic projects which they
can get involved in with the cocoa
substitution program so there's a lot to
be worried about and and many people are
just waiting to see what exactly the new
government will do and whether it will
move ahead with these vital parts of the
peace process so Christian he mentioned
there reincorporation what others are
calling these reintegration zones tell
us about them what was the purpose and
are they living up to that purpose well
the purpose of the reintegration zones
were actually to start the process of
creating peace in the territories where
the conflict has affected most these are
all these zones has been located around
the country where you would have found
the FARC most active but also where
you've had the most victims many of
these areas around Colombia is where you
have had 7 million people being
displaced the last 30 years and and
where you have had almost no presence by
that by the Colombian Colombian state
and this is where we have been in
supporting the the implementation of the
peace agreement where we had to have
together with the Colombian government
with the Ministry of Education have been
providing education not only for the
people that are going to reintegrate
those that handed in the weapons but
also the communities living in Iraq
around those areas where that is
important to take into account that the
for example in terms of education almost
none of the of the ex combatants had had
finished their primary or secondary idea
occasion and and lived more or less in
that sense in the same situation as the
general community we have work more than
20 years with education in the midst of
the conflict with victims of the
conflict and what we've seen is that
those people in those areas never
finished their education so so this has
been one of the one of the first and and
and and certainly one of the few really
important I think measures that have
been starting to implement I saw one of
one of the project sites just just a few
weeks ago when we may be so really the
big potential that this has where we saw
a small community where there were only
one family left last year and now
there's returned 30 families because
education has started again and they
living very close to one of one of these
camps this is this is this is just a
small example of the real potential
however this is not happening
on a large scale we have much bigger
hope that like that the Colombian
government with the support of support
of the international community would
scale if I may complement the results
that Christian is just mentioning we
have to take into account that we are in
a new context it's not the government
unilaterally working alone as it was
before we have a national ring
corporation council in which every
decision is taken jointly with FARC in
only eight months this process began
once the laying down of arms conclude
put it all goes last year we have more
than 12,000 people which are already
included in the financial system of
those 12,000 the vast majority are
receiving the one of allowance of two
million pesos to help them adapt to the
civilian society they are receiving the
90% of the Colombian minimum wage to
make sure that they adapt to the early
stages of civilian life they are almost
9,000 of them in the Social Security the
government is covering Social Security
5,000 of them are receiving a education
support as Christian was saying with the
American Council for Refugees 11,000 of
them are in the health system 4,000 of
them are
receiving vocational training 5500 of
them are receiving training for
cooperative certified training almost
700 of them are being techni fide as
agricultural technicians so and then I
was 8 months 8 months no other world has
these months ok here here he just laid
out all of the successes in in in his
view Aleksandr I know that you have also
visited the camp simple um I hear that
you want to get in as well at least
sounds really you go ahead first just
very short I think that the issue in
many of these camps is that the
government hasn't managed to create a
climate of confidence um part of many of
these former rebels and we don't know
how many of them have actually left the
camps for example this is something that
we've been trying to understand get a
number from the government and we don't
know one moment please
we know that they left in droves this is
something that I mean just going to many
come some camps have been way more
successful than others this is the point
now this is a mammoth task and I have to
say I agree with Andres that the
government is doing a lot but my
question I guess is if he also thinks
that the government has been slow in
starting this process and that this has
created a climate where many of them
have decided instead to leave two points
their complement and it up in one point
is I know Paloma wants to get it okay
once one point no the inspiration is not
tied to any specific point in the
economy and geography they are allowed
and they have the right to move all
around the country and that's why their
incorporation agency is making sure to
specialize psychologists that they are
receiving the support and that's why we
have the results that I've just
mentioned it submit that their
incorporation should only take place in
the zone
Oh for the ones who want to stay there
yes but for the ones that have the right
to go out they also receive the support
and the other thing is that the zones
have a transitory a time period and I
think the zones have been useful for
this first two year and a half for the
assortment and per hour during
cooperation but in the long term
we might think we should start thinking
about how are we going to close them
responsibly Paloma is it true one of the
concerns that the UN has sorry Paloma of
course there's a lot of concerns but
these processes are not easy and they
have a lot of challenges but I repeat if
we compare these results to any other
peace agreement if the world I'm sure
that these results are the better ones
in after only eight months of starting
to incorporate so I hear and this coming
from Paloma has been waiting very
patiently Paloma go ahead no I think the
complete process is failure it's not
about how many people here demobilized
it's not about how many people you're
taking in to adjust that at this point
is not the point is that Colombia is now
facing very serious problem with all
other and people from Park and from
other groups we're trying to get the
same that as fyke did all all this group
who are devoted to drug trafficking once
once the same deal like obtain so
they're trying to push the government
into a new negotiation we're talking
about the la la me we're talking about
all other criminal bands who has illicit
cops all over the country because the
government with the skills of the Ivana
process just neglect neglected the the
combat of the illegal crops or in the
country and now Colombia is again the
first producer of cocaine all over the
country all over the world and we're
facing a very serious problem because
now Colombians are very sure that
Colombian peace was not a political
issue it's about the illicit crops and
the illegal activities that if I may
3000 re-entry years because we have here
you I love saying this is a success and
it hasn't been because in the places in
which the government is trying to
eradicate the daily sit close evasion
the homicide rate has increased in more
than 7% and you have related with an
increase in 22% and you see a general
increase in the homicide all over the
country and it's very the people we have
situational true I want to jump in here
because I want to bring in our community
though I will say I heard the stats from
palom I heard and they said that those
stats are not exactly true and of course
and obviously I cannot independently
confirm or deny that but I want to bring
in Omar here on Twitter he says okay
well over here is actually worried about
my lowest homicide rate in the last 42
years on Twitter Omar sy political party
has three challenges Paloma and Andres
give a little space for our community
who's watching live and they want to
inject their voice in here as well Omar
says the FARC political party has three
challenges change this image as villains
at Colombia's urban population have
about them deal with the assassinations
and persecution of their militants he
says and make a great effort to get the
full compliance of the peace accord by
the Colombian state Christian I know
that you work with victims do you think
that these three challenges this person
raises here on Twitter are something
that when victims are looking for or
whether they're possible at all well it
it's it's a huge challenge and I think
some of those do you mean mean much many
things for poor victims I think many
talked about this process we this was a
negotiation process that lasted for more
than four years in its public face and
many talked about the importance of
early response and to create trust and
and we must say that there has been too
little and too few actions though as
highlighted that things have been
responded to
what is very important now is to build
on the things that we see you is working
if you go to the areas of those of
Colombia that's been affected by the
conflict and all the people people are
not against the peace agreement they are
in for in favor of a peace agreement
they want peace but they are extremely
frustrated by the lack of progress and
really what what should be done and what
we hope also the coming government will
do is to look at what has worked and
there are things that have been working
and I think that is what needed to be
scaled up we are very concerned about
new displacement new conflict however I
think the only way we can change this is
really responding to the underlying
factors and those are at the end of the
day the frustration and the lack of
opportunities for people in those areas
most affected by the conflict there you
have to start with easy things education
is one thing one in 10 of youth living
in the most affected areas of Colombia
don't finish school
that is an easy action and an easy win
if you get started mmm Thunder I can see
you nodding your head yeah Mallika I
mean I think that one important factor
to consider here is the way we talk
about peace in general and this peace
deal in Colombia and has a lot to do
with the horrible political polarization
in the country so well I think the
government should be criticised for the
slowness in delivering some of the
promises they made to the FARC in the
population in these rural areas on the
other side the truth is that most of the
criticism is coming from people like
Paloma Valencian or party dissenter
democrático who have decided to throw
the baby out with with the bathwater
that's essentially what they're doing
and and it's never a constructive
conversation we're just a few months
away from presidential elections here
and and I think that it's very difficult
if the conversation remains as that this
that this has been a complete failure is
difficult to build on top of
that and that's what also I think half
the country worries about especially if
the party fellow Marylander gets into
power here that they will just try to
tear into pieces this Accord and lose an
opportunity for change in many parts of
this country that require that change
starting with land titling real rural
reform which has been at the root of the
conflict since the 1960's property of
the land in Colombia is race and a
little endemic sensor I am going to
pause you there because that is
something we will come back and check on
when it is time for elections because
there's so much more to discuss I want
to thank all of our guests for joining
us today and of course to our community
keep the conversation going on Twitter
YouTube and Al Jazeera
