senior Somali military of Sanaa to of
the UAE base in Mogadishu they say
they're implementing a government order
to disband an embarrassing military
training program we have taken over
everything in this base from now on the
government will fund the training pay
and equip the soldiers trained here
hours earlier UAE military trainers how
did they left the base with almost
everything they could
moving military hardware and other
material to the port to be shipped back
home that follows the UAE suspending
treatment a few days ago other ships
ayat hospital which had funded and
operated in Mogadishu a sign at the gate
reminds patients that the hospital
remains closed security is tight staff
were called in on Saturday paid their
final dues and told not to return for
the past three years this facility has
offered free medical treatment to mainly
the poor and displaced those who've had
their treatments disrupted by sudden
closure are now forced to seek help
elsewhere most of them end up here the
Turkish run adorned hospital staff say
they've seen an increasing number of
patients in the past week the Somali
Ministry of Health says it's keen to
take over Europe in the hospital our
plan was to reopen the hospital
immediately if the Emiratis said they
are out completely which leaves our
people in limbo so they should quickly
make up their minds relations between
Mogadishu and Abu W have been frosty
since June last year when Somali
government leaders resisted pressure
from the UAE and Saudi Arabia to cut
ties and join the blockade imposed on
cut off last month the UAE shipping
company Dubai ports world was banned
from doing business in Somalia Somali
leaders condemned a UAE agreement with
Ethiopia and the breakaway and clip of
Somaliland to manage the port of Barbara
and two weeks ago Somali police
intercepted a plane chartered by UAE
diplomats almost 10 million dollars in
cash was confiscated while the intended
purpose of the funds was investigated as
tension continues to rise it seems
neither side is willing to back down
mohammed al jazeera hookah dishes
Somalia
