no European leader enjoys a better bond
with US President Donald Trump than
French president Emmanuel macron McCraw
has carefully cultured their
relationship inviting Trump to Paris for
Bastille Day celebrations playing to
Trump's well-known admiration for the
military the result Trump has consulted
with Makka on the telephone more than
any other world leader Mac frost says he
even managed to convince Trump to
prolong u.s. involvement in Syria
President Trump was saying the United
States of America had a duty to
disengage from Syria I assure you we
have convinced him that it is necessary
to stay for the long term the White
House denies shift in its Syria position
reiterating Trump hopes to soon withdraw
US forces Macra arrives in Washington on
Monday for a three-day visit which
includes Trump's first state dinner as
president his influence over the u.s.
president will be tested on issues
ranging from Syria to the future of the
Iran nuclear deal Iran maintains it's in
compliance with the 2015 agreement which
the u.s. signed with Iran and European
allies McCraw favors keeping the deal as
does German Chancellor Angela Merkel who
also visits the White House this week
the Iran deal
was one of the worst and most one-sided
transactions the United States has ever
entered into but Trump is vowed to
withdraw by mid-may unless European
allies fix certain aspects of the
agreement including improving
inspections of Iran's nuclear program so
far that hasn't happened Trump's recent
appointment of John Bolton to national
security adviser and his nomination of
Mike Pompeo to be Secretary of State
both of whom have criticized the
agreement have caused even more concern
about the deals future in less than a
month Donald Trump must decide whether
to allow Iran sanctions to be put back
in place effectively killing the deal
that makes the influence of Emmanuel
macron and Angola Merkel pivotal in
shirring whether or not the Iran
agreement remains intact
Kimberly Hellcat al-jazeera at the White
House
