pakistan's Pashtuns rise up thousands
demonstrate against what they say are
discriminatory policies and abuses they
suffer under the pretext of the war on
terrorism how will the government
respond to their demands and what does
it mean for Pakistan's domestic security
policy this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program um
fully battable in a rare public
challenge to Pakistan's Armed Forces
thousands of protesters from the Pashtun
community have demanded an end to what
they say our decades of oppression
police crackdown on the latest
demonstration in the northern city of
Lahore arresting several leaders of a
Pashtun protection movement the PTM rose
to prominence after the police shooting
of a young social media star in Karachi
in January the death of McKee bula
Massoud brought thousands onto the
streets to urge an end to police
impunity ethnic Pashtun say they've
borne the brunt of the so-called war on
terror in Pakistan with thousands
disappearing over the years or targeted
in extrajudicial killings military
commanders accused the protest leaders
of trying to destabilize Pakistan well
we'll get to our panel in just a moment
but first Kamal Haider has more from
Lahore thousands of supporters from the
tribal areas of Pakistan have converged
in the city of Lahore they are also
supported by the women actions forum
human rights organizations from the city
of Lahore as well as across the country
who say that the concerns of these
tribals must be addressed within the
constitutional ambit and the legitimate
demands met by the government now as you
can see the people are carrying black
and white flags the white signifying
peace saying that this is a peaceful
movement and the black of course the
protest there the mornings and into the
extrajudicial killings they warned
to know about the whereabouts of the
missing people who have gone missing in
the seventeen-year-old conflict along
that region close to Afghanistan also
they want the hanging of a senior police
officer who was accused of extrajudicial
killings and they want the removal of
the landmines from that area because it
is already costing life now those
landmines were led by fleeing Taliban
fighters and the Pakistani military
during their operations in the tribal
areas
this movement is gaining momentum on the
social media the local media has blacked
it out for the most part and they say
that they will continue with their
protests until the demands are met well
the Pashtuns are the second largest
ethnic group in Pakistan making up 15%
of the population of 207 million and
they are the largest group in
neighboring Afghanistan in all more than
45 million Pashtuns live in the region
on both sides of the border in Pakistan
their base mostly in the northwestern
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and the
federally administered tribal areas of
Fatah that area has the lowest literacy
rate in Pakistan just over 30% of people
can read or write and Fatah suffers from
fighting with the Taliban in Afghanistan
spilling over the border now as Kemal
mentioned Pashtun protest leaders are
making several demands on the Pakistani
government including an end to
extrajudicial killings and investigating
previous murders Pashtuns also want to
know the fate of missing people the
removal of landmines from the war
between the Pakistani army and the
Taliban and they're demanding the
execution of a police commander who's
under arrest for his role in the killing
of the young Pashtun Nakula Massoud well
let's bring in our panel now from
Islamabad ayahs Wazir former Pakistani
ambassador to Afghanistan from Kawasaki
'la in the Swat region via Skype is
Sajjad Khan a human rights activist and
one of the organizers of the Pashtun
protection movement and also in
Islamabad symbol Khan
a security analyst
thank you all for joining us on al
Jazeera Sajjad con if I can start with
you the Pashtun protection movement says
the Pakistani military is responsible
for the suffering of the passions how so
what is the context of this accusation
so thank you for inviting me for this
program I would like to answer this
question that the people are demanding
they are saying that these rights these
these organizations which this military
organization who are trained back in the
1980s by Pakistani military and
afterwards they were used in different
color in the neighboring countries for
their for their policies but after that
given day when they were against the
army and they started bombing the cities
so that's how this how did the military
started operations against them and in
those operations there were people they
were innocent people who are targeted
there were homes homes were destroyed
then homes understand the problem is
there Indian was military operations so
they would not give any ultimatum in
make millions or be like around 2
Millions appear to be around 1.7 million
people from Swat lift the valley within
two to three days and as you know as you
might know that Mingora is a populated
city and the whole city was vacated and
just two or three days so that's how and
then after the end India were like four
or five long curfews and in those cases
you know not allowed to come out of
their home they known was allowed to go
out of the city to buy things for give
normal use so that's how the people are
say the people are saying that belief is
involved and and the thing is that when
there is work so and while there are
different context of their so like there
a missing person there are taught your
abuses as fairness and and you know it
so yeah yeah yeah I'll get to ask you a
bit more about the type of life people
in these areas in this particular area
of Pakistan live but I want to bring in
symbol conference in Islamabad to get
your view symbol on who is responsible
for the suffering of the Pashtun people
this is of course a very complicated
issue an important one nonetheless who
is it that it's responsible for
the destruction of this area of Pakistan
is if the Pakistani military is it the
Pakistani government or is it the
different armed groups that operate in
this region I think it's a combination
of both the the lack of action by the
Pakistani state I wouldn't just say the
military it's also the Pakistani state
which was complicit in in leaving the
Pashtun behind in development for Thai
reform never took place 70s Pakistan has
been independent and we have retained
and the FCR system Pashtun areas part I
itself was never mainstream for the 70
years so it was a cumulative effect of
this civilian as well as the military
leaders ships which has kind of
transition in the government in Pakistan
so I don't think it's it's fair enough
just to throw everything on the military
holders but of course the securitized
aspects of FATA region due to the war in
Afghanistan which has raged for the last
40 years Fattah did become that
frontline area and part of Pakistan own
security policies towards the organist
on have impacted Fattah in very very you
know difficult ways just coming back to
a current view of the situation I know
the military itself is the key actor the
key institution right now involved in
the conflict in Fatah or basically the
counter-terror operations in Fatah which
is which has resulted now in the
suffering of people and and and
basically the displacement of millions
of people that have been discussed
before but we must remember that five
six years ago before the operation
started there was a huge push for the
military to undertake those operations
there were a lot of people right now
which is the kind of you know
organizations BAFF and others who are
supporting the Pashtun PTM protest in
Lahore also one of those liberals
left-of-centre people who were pushing
the military to undertake these
operations and military operations are
always unfortunate when ever they are
undertaken in civilian areas which where
most of the for generation wars are
being fought high needs these kind of
you know things happen and it's really
unfortunate and they should be redressed
yeah ambassador I as was here what is
the government doing to address the
concerns of this community well
unfortunately the government has not
come up to the wall
for the last 16 years since 9/11 fart
eyes literally on fire from every angle
from the militants and then from the
military they were fighting and between
their fight the whole of Fatah got the
brunt of the war their men were killed
their houses were destroyed their
business totally crumbled there are 73
percent of the people in Fatah living a
life below the poverty line so that is
the situation and is there any
government representation is there any
government representation of any kind to
hear some of these little turns and hear
some of these images yes the government
representative is very much there right
from day one till today the governor who
is appointed by the federal government
is very much sitting in Peshawar
controlling the federal area and the
Army is there controlling the security
situation the civil and military both
are there but obviously the upper end is
that of the military controlling the
area but the government has done
literally nothing in the literal sense
and that is why the people are fed up
that we have given so much sacrifices
that everything of us is gone
and in return the government has done
nothing and on top of that it is not
cleaning the land mines or the behavior
and the checkpoint is not tolerable it's
insulting it's abusing and then no
compensation is made for those who have
been killed or the houses or the
business that has been destroyed but as
you gain higher implying part is Sajid
Khan as you know some people will say
that this is not the only region of
Pakistan that's going through some of
these challenges give us a sense of what
life is like for people in the FATA
region what health is like what
education is like how is life different
for people who live in this region than
other parts of Pakistan so I would say
that we are saying father it's really
fat and I thought is not a far
it's a mainstream region and there is
beer there's bull air and the whole mall
I can deal with and so the something we
should not incur vision not just
restrain this begin to Intifada it's
both father and other fish to envisions
ok so the thing is that filtration is
like an infertile literally dreg but up
to the mark and the problem is that if
we compare it with the punjab and other
other province so like the maternal
mortality rates our infant mortality
rates are higher here so I'm going to
bring in a symbolic on into the
conversation and so but that we can
reestablish your kite connection there
Sajid Khan because we're having a few
issues understanding what you're saying
a symbol the issue of missing persons
and extrajudicial killings is not
restricted to Fatih there are other
parts of Pakistan that are also affected
aren't they is the Pakistani government
particularly discriminatory against a
Pashtun in Fatah you know how would you
characterize what's happening in this
region I think the whole issue for the
missing persons is more related to the
conflict zones it's more aggravated I
know since you know Pakistan passed
since after 2014 when we've had the APS
attacks and by that time when we start
passed the National Action Plan which
was to extend security in Pakistan and
fight terrorism under that a lot of
extra you know powers were giving to the
military to undertake those operations
we brought in military court system so
some of the civilian you know legal
covers that normally be are available to
the Pakistani citizens even those had
have become weakened but the issue of
missing persons is a very chronic issue
the more you know prominently used to be
talked in reference to the Baloch
missing people because you know blow
Japan has had this low lying kind of
sometimes it heats up sometimes a low
lying chronic insurgency
chronic national
list groups which were fighting the
Pakistani state and they you know there
is a security issue in Pakistani
military is of course the key security
act of providing security within that
region and also because of CPAC now
there's a lot of focus there also yeah
so that issue was related to me so to me
missing persons extra judicial killings
are an aspect of conflict zones where
the military's become the key security
actor or privilege provider of security
and they're taking active operations you
know how militaries operate anywhere and
it's not just indigenous just to back
through the case of Pakistan you look at
Afghanistan what has happened last
twenty five thirty forty years a huge
human rights violations that happen when
militaries go into civilian areas to
extend security so I think that but I
think another thing that is very
important to mention here Pakistani
military has really improved its
counterterrorism fighting abilities last
ten years ten fifteen years I've been a
marked improvement noted internationally
on that but I think what needs to be
looked into that if they are going to
continue to be the key security provider
in conflict areas they have to improve
their counterinsurgency strategies or
counterinsurgency measures and trainings
which kind of focus more on which are
more people centric where you do go in
assess acute some people provide let me
bring back ambassador was here to the
conversation will talk more about the
solutions in a little while but I want
to get the ambassador's thoughts on the
fact that over the years the Pashtun
have been branded as Islamists have been
branded as militants because of the fact
that the Taliban are also Pashtun
dominated a passion dominated outfit how
detrimental has this been for for their
cause well this is very unfortunate it's
not only what you said happening in the
in the in the country but in the text
book in Punjab which I I hope they have
removed by now but / stones were
bracketed as traitor and it illustrates
it's everywhere not only in the in the
media but I am quoting a textbook of the
Punjab education system and then dramas
were made by the security
agencies where the purse tools
world--well were displayed in a
different way I am NOT going to the
detail everybody knows about it so this
has really angered the people that the
Fountains of militancy or the brain and
finances of the militancy if that is
happening from here are sitting in
Punjab and the foot soldiers are in in
the tribal area the foot soldiers are
hit but the fountain we generate which
is known to everybody that has not been
touched that is another issue and the
third one is when the people of Fatah
were displaced they were to seek shelter
in the settled area of Pakistan in
Punjab they were not allowed in since
they were not allowed a circular was
issue not to allow these people to cross
into our area so this is the behavior
unfortunately it has which has laid the
foundation of the anger and then the
garment failure to do anything to
address the issue has given a voice and
now the people are up in hand and
demanding which again I will bring one
thing more into the subject during their
sit-in in Islamabad in February the
government agreed with the PTM to
address these five demands within one
month the government didn't address and
then they came out to demand these five
demands of them to be addressed which is
absolutely genuine which is within the
Constitution which is absolutely legal
nothing is wrong about it okay instead
of addressing those concerns that the
government is now taking punitive action
which is very very impossible simple
can't do you think this protest movement
will lead to real change for the
Pashtuns I think it sure because it is
sensitizing it is sensitizing and for me
it was a long time in coming last seven
six or seven years
people who have been working father I
work with the UN agencies and others I
mean what was coming out was that
there's nothing been done people have
been removed from their homes there have
been internal displacement the displaced
people know that they're ready to go
back there is absolutely nothing their
homes and properties and lives have been
destroyed and the state has and the
government has moved far more slowly so
much so I think one of the key thing
that for people like us who've been
working on it even the military itself
was trying to sensitize the civilian
government I am pointing out that things
are really dire and there has to be a
far more greater a kind of momentum to
the reform to further form to the
mainstreaming part of mainstreaming a
lot of a push that you've seen last two
three years has also been coming from
the military because they were realizing
it's way beyond their control
Sajjad is back with us from Swat Valley
Sajjad how do you respond to the
accusations that your movement is
supported by Afghanistan I think it has
been cleared by man superstein himself
to and the other leaders to that there
is absolutely no no support from the
Western but the problem the thing is
that if they have protested in response
to this it's just a basic human rights
approach like a human like in a
solidarity with a human rights movement
so like we do protest for Burma we do
protest for Palestine right so that's
how they are doing they have just a
solidarity solidarity protest far far
back to the first movement and the thing
is that like it's a it's a genuine
grassroots movement which is supported
by people from party and other other
places we have press tools live so I
think it would be it yeah there is
absolutely no evidence of support from
Afghanistan do you opposition is it a
genuine grassroots movement is it a
social movement or is there a political
movement given the current context in
Pakistan I think right now it's a social
movement but it can tomorrow turn into a
political movement it's very early as
far as movements go it's only about four
months old in in real actual sense and
it was really started out again because
of this case of one per student from
Karachi in a given and his extra
judicial killing so right now we've just
seen a social momentum
it's a social movement and Pakistan as I
said earlier today Pakistan is going
through that phase where there is going
to be more and more social movements
which are outside the main political
party structures that we see I think
right now it's a social movement but
let's see maybe devolves into a proper
political platform political movement
which gives voice to the Pashtuns who
the younger questions who feel that the
mainstream political parties personal
political parties like NP there's like
Jui app or even PTI to a certain extent
is not really kind of standing up for
the cause of specially the the
difficulties that the parents have
recently seen so yes it it can evolve I
think it's evolving and we are watching
it it'll can evolve into a more of a
political movement ambassador was there
how do you see this movement evolving
and what sort of social and political
reforms do you think the Pakistani
government should aim at to improve the
lives of the people in in the FATA
region and to improve the lives of
Pashtuns well I think let's look at the
moment it started in 2014
Mansour pristine was working for the
protection of the Masuda tribes the
right within that area he worked for 2
years nobody paid attention but then
Maggie Beulah Massoud Skilling came up
and dead proved really dead Jack the
movement and now we we see it went up to
the Pistone toughest moment power person
protection well what the government can
do is to address I think that the
government should stay away from using
force it should resort to political
solution of the problem it should find
there are capable people in the tribal
area the problem here is let me mention
another thing in the last 70 years no
one from Fatah
is included in the policy making for
Fatah now I think nfe said and
demonstrated by the youngsters from
Fatah now they should be included in the
policy decision or people from Fatah who
are well
well educated well experienced should be
involved in resolving this issue
politically for the government okay like
what the government wants to do they
should do it through the tribal people
not without the tribal people if they do
it otherwise like they've been doing for
the last 70 years that would be
disastrous
okay that's people from pata must be
involved let's give the last word to
Sajid Khan
Sajjad the United States and NATO have
also been heavily involved in the Afghan
conflict which has had an impact on the
Pashtuns in Pakistan so what would be
your demand from the US and other
Western governments regarding your
plight because the responsibility
doesn't just lie with the Pakistani
government does it so the thing is that
right now a fear as the Ambassador is
not to say that right now there are
these four or five these are there are
these five T months which are related to
the to a government of Pakistan and
Pakistan military so I think we should
just wait and see for for the movement
to evolve into so that is how like if we
if we involve United States and NATO and
their two then this is this is not going
to be sound that this is not going to be
addressed that way I think right now
this is a movement under the
Constitution of Pakistan from the gore
and I melt like the demands are related
to the Government of Pakistan and the
this is the whole water international
war on terror then it comes in in that
so I think for right now we should not
we would not be like will not be able to
we would not want to involve that so it
I think it's for the central leaders of
the PTM or the Pashtun protection
movement to address these things later
on for the time being I think we are
only focusing on the demands that are
forwarded by PTM and their different
political gathering and it will be
interesting to see whether the Pakistani
government responds to these demands
thank you very much
I as was year Sajjad Khan and symbol
Khan for joining us on inside story and
thank you as well for watching you can
always watch this program again any time
by visiting our website at aljazeera.com
for further discussion go to
Facebook page that's facebook-dot-com
forward-slash AJ inside story you can
also join the conversation on Twitter of
course a handle is at AJ inside story
from me fully back to boy in the hole
inside story team thank you for watching
bye for now
you
