it's been a long journey for these
Syrians rebel fighters and their
families were forced from their homes in
Easton palamoun and sent on buses to
northern Syria the rebels had no choice
they were told to surrender or face
siege and bombardment kalamoon a
mountains area near the capital Damascus
was once a rebel stronghold but
government troops have recently managed
to recapture most of the area following
a major military offensive we have lost
the war we remain strong we will return
to our homes we have been oppressed for
50 years when we rose against the
government we did it in a peaceful way
what we wanted was political reforms we
agreed to the evacuation deal to protect
civilians so we headed over control of
our town to the government in exchange
rebel fighters were forced to leave
behind their heavy weapons armored
vehicles and tanks it's seven years
since the Syrian opposition was gaining
territory and advancing towards the
capital now the Syrian army backed by
Russia is on the offensive
territory under rebel control is
shrinking and government troops have the
upper hand thousands of fighters from
Jaysh al-islam surrendered in duma and
were evacuated along with their families
to the north Jaysh al-islam was one of
the most organized armed groups in Syria
it was tasked with securing the capital
should the opposition defeat President
Bashar al-assad and his forces
Kashima para al Jazeera
