officially the warmest London Marathon
on record and with the temperature
hovering around 23 degrees
Queen Elizabeth kicked off proceedings
for some 40,000 runners marathon great
Elliot kept chaga was favored for the
men's race and McCann young didn't
disappoint at one stage he was on course
for a new world record
but slowed in the final stages to finish
in a time of 2 hours 4 minutes and 17
seconds my Thoreau is competing in his
first race since quitting track running
to focus on marathons the 35 year old
lost time after an early mixup at a
drink station but he still finished 3rd
in a British record time Ethiopia's sure
at Qatar Tortola was a surprise second
gen Zubaydah Barbour felt the impact of
the heat in the women's race defending
champion Mary Kotani was the favorite
but the Kenyan was overtaken by
compatriot Vivian cherry OTT who one of
first London title a year after making
her marathon debut at the age of 33
there was home success in the men's
wheelchair race with David we're
claiming victory for an eighth occasion
while there was a breakthrough win for
Madison D Rosario in the women's race
the 24-year old Australian upsetting
four-time champion tatyana mcfadden for
her first ever medal in London
Alise Holman al Jazeera
