the crowd at London auction is Sotheby's
can't believe what just happened a work
by Banksy has just been sold for 1.3
million dollars but at the same time a
device inside the picture frame has
partially shredded it leaving some
bemused
others in fault I think this marvelous I
think we need this kind of shake-up soon
as it is it shakes the whole thing and
everybody was happy and you know we're
talking about it today and tomorrow
story for the notes years this is what
Gil with balloon used to look like she
first appeared on a wall in East London
but this gallery version was a canvas
mounted on a board
Sotheby's say the successful phone
bidder was surprised by the story and
they're in discussion about the next
steps but experts say thanks to the
stunt the pictures market value has
already shot up Banksy who hides his
identity started out small scale in the
city of Bristol but has since gone
worldwide from this Pro refugees peace
in Calais featuring Apple co-founder
Steve Jobs to this art hotel in the
occupied West Bank and last year two
images appeared near London's Barbican
cultural complex they're now protected
behind a film of plastic these Banksy's
were inspired by the work of jean-michel
Basquiat who had an exhibition here at
the Barbican but there's also a bit of
politics you can read say no to street
art Banksy claiming that the institution
was generally more keen to get rid of
graffiti in the area
you can still see small rodents like
this done by Banksy at various spots
around the capital
some people might smell a rat with the
latest stunt perhaps it's what banks has
always been about staying in the
spotlight while keeping everyone
guessing nadine barber al jazeera london
