Taiyo is Hong Kong's oldest surviving
fishing village but it's becoming a new
frontier in the territory when it comes
to energy zhuhai our goal this aquaponic
farm I set up needs electricity to run
the water pumping system
I chose solar panels as it would
generate just enough energy as the pump
doesn't need too much power Timmy says
family have lived here for generations
he says the villagers called sunlight
God's blessing for centuries they used
the Sun to make the dried seafood
products this village has become famous
for last year they discovered another
benefit when the World Wildlife Fund
setup solar panels in the village cheap
clean energy problem is they can't
afford to install anymore
not without government funds they don't
really have the financial support and
then they also don't have the you know
attractive policy to motivate them a bit
to have their own system the Hong Kong
government is looking at investing in
green energy if this pilot project is
successful this could be one solution
plover Cove is one of 17 reservoirs in
Hong Kong the solar panels power the
nearby Water Works facilities the water
supplies Department has been working
very hard to integrate the green
technology in our daily operation to
mitigate the impact of the climate
change other than harvesting the solar
energy from the Sun there are lots of
benefits from installing the solar PV
system currently only 0.1% of Hong
Kong's energy comes from renewables
compare that to 17% in China 78 percent
of electricity comes from fossil fuels
it's the city's biggest pollutant but
environmentalists say Hong Kong has the
potential to turn that around a recent
University study found that a quarter of
the city's 309 thousand buildings are
suitable for solar panel installation if
used effectively the buildings could
provide 10 percent of Hong Kong's energy
consumption cutting carbon emissions by
3 million tons a year companies that
invest in green buildings give tax
breaks at the moment though there are no
clear incentives for small businesses or
households the Proteas from Tommy's
aquaponics farm go to his cafe nearby
his next project is to solarized the
entire
operation but he says he can't afford to
go all green until there's a change in
government policy Davi gopalan
al-jazeera
Hong Kong
