this is where to an identified gunman
opened fire at federal watch the 35 year
old Palestinian engineering lecturer was
ambushed as he was walking towards a
nearby mosque in the capital Kuala
Lumpur colleagues at the university are
shocked and dismayed by the killing so
we don't see anything dangerous with him
at all so the only thing that was simple
that we could see of his that and the
only thing that could be is because of
his expertise in his field of electrical
engineering a neighbor told reporters
that he saw two european-looking man
nearby shortly before the shooting the
albert's family blamed Israel for the
killing the Israeli Mossad is to be held
responsible for that because the
Israelis can't tolerate any
well-educated Arab and particularly
Palestinian mentality Israel considers
any well-educated distinguished Arab or
particularly Palestinian figure as the
real big threat for Israel Hamas which
controls Gaza said al Bosh was a member
the Palestinian group has repeatedly
blamed Israel's spy agency Mossad for
targeting its members including in
Tunisia a Tunisian expert in drone
technology was shot in his hometown of
Sparks in December Tunisian police said
the killers of mohammed al Zawahri
posed as foreign journalists hamas said
al Zawahri was instrumental in
developing drones and was a commander of
its armed wing al-qassam brigades
hashmap or al jazeera
