they make this journey most days along
winding sometimes dangerous paths this
is a remote area west of the city of
Thayer's it's also one of the
battlegrounds of Yemen's Civil War and
where these women must go to reach the
only place where they can learn we walk
long distances past villages and valleys
to get here we learn because we do not
have education we didn't know any of the
alphabets but thanks to our teacher now
we can read and write we can also teach
our children for some of these women
this is the first time they put pen to
paper grandmother's mothers young women
learning what most children might be
taught in their first or second year of
school and so hungry to learn that on
this particular day more than 40 women
were crammed into a small building it's
part of a meet Alcala Dee's home she's
the teacher and the creator of this
makeshift Education Center at her own
cost and in her own time she's taught
dozens of women to read and write the
education of women in the countryside is
very low and I've made it my job to try
to change that there is no support from
anyone I wish that all sisters anyone
who is educated might do their bit to
educate women and girls in rural areas
few children and rural payees have made
it to school in the last three years of
Yemen's Civil War Houthi rebels control
much of the north including the capital
sundar their president government forces
fighting in support of exiled president
Alberta Daboo Mansour Hadi and are
backed by airstrikes from a saudi-led
coalition of mainly Arab states the
power base lies in the South including
the strategically important port city of
Aden the province of they use where
these women live lies right in the
middle most of the schools are closed
now and we're in a remote area in this
so education is a positive thing for
women instability widespread poverty and
unemployment affect all the women here
Elka lady also teaches skills that have
enabled students to generate their own
income things like knitting and sewing
for these women knowledge really is
power
Mirian hond al-jazeera
