for Palestinians including a
fifteen-year-old boy were killed by
Israeli gunfire in another day of
demonstrations on Gauss's border on
Friday
there have been funerals for the latest
casualties thirty nine people have died
in four weeks of protests calling for
Palestinians right to return to their
ancestral lands from Gaza and Bernard
Smith reports they've become a feature
of the weekly Palestinian confrontations
with Israel's military this Friday the
wind was with the protesters as clouds
of smoke from burning tires drifted over
Israeli positions but it's not enough to
stop Israel snipers and volleys of tear
gas others who you might think would be
put off after previous experiences have
instead come back for more I don't care
about the injury even if I lose my legs
this will not stop me coming back what
happened here woke people up and
reminded them about our cause we've come
here to get our right of return
people say it's a sport stop this March
but nobody asked to end this with giving
something I am old I'm here to show my
enthusiasm and to inspire the young guys
to continue their struggle as he does
every week Hamas is leader in Gaza a
iesson waar visited the protests a prime
target for Israeli snipers he'd have
been easily spotted by the drones above
but was protected by the crowds below
this Friday the campers moved 300 meters
closer to Israel the ambition is that
when these protests climax on May the
15th these tents will be at the border
between Gaza and Israel but after four
weeks now of demonstrations here there's
been nothing in the way of concessions
from the Israelis that would improve the
daily life of Palestinians living in
Gaza
Burnett Smith al-jazeera Garza
