when awesome Venga arrived at Arsenal
from Japanese football in 1996 fans were
asking arson who but he leaves the club
as one of the most influential and
longest-serving managers in football
history
the Frenchman bought a philosophy
developed mainly at Monaco on the pitch
attractive football off it looking after
the body with intelligent exercise and
nutrition standard now at the time it
was revolutionary the team II inherited
had enjoyed some success but was
infamous for bad habits too it took only
two years for vengas Arsenal to win a
premier league and cup double and they
did it again in 2002 their main rivals
were Manchester United and the verbal
sparring between Venga and Alex Ferguson
was dominating English football they
later became friends by now frenchman
thierry Omri converted from winger to
striker was the jewel in their crown
vengas finest achievement came in 2004
when arsenal completed an entire Premier
League season unbeaten they were dubbed
the Invincibles but despite the feast in
England there was famine in Europe
Arsenal could not win the Champions
League coming closest in 2006 when they
were beaten 2-1 by Barcelona in Paris
that summer Arsenal moved from their
famous hybrid ground to a new
state-of-the-art stadium nearby the
Emirates Arsenal was succeeding as a
business but the trophies had dried up
in fact they went ten years without a
trophy until the 2014 FA Cup
it was Venice unique status that kept
his job but the disquiet of Arsenal fans
was growing his new teams played pretty
football but it was not effective enough
yet another Champions League failure a
10-2 humiliation by Bayern Munich was
marked by a fans protest outside the
stadium and it wasn't the only one Venga
finally reluctantly left the job II
loved but his extraordinary reign will
never be forgotten Lee Wellings al
Jazeera
