it was an unprovoked attack in broad
daylight
a sustained assault on young men on the
streets of the German capital
the reason because one of the victims
was wearing a skullcap normally worn by
Jews in fact he's an Israeli Palestinian
is not Jewish but was wearing the keeper
as a sort of experiment to see how safe
Jews are in Germany following the attack
the victim described his reaction
Shelagh TV bleedin I stayed relatively
calm but I was terrified and I trembled
until now or later all the time it was
really upsetting and was very stressful
what happened here is part of a rising
tide of anti-semitic acts in the German
capital in recent years police say that
the number of such crimes nearly doubled
in the period between 2013 and 2017
while one leading Jewish organization
says it recorded an increase of nearly
60% in incidents last year one eminent
member of the Jewish community in Berlin
says recent events have shaken people we
feel totally unsafe because we've been
asking ourselves where we can allow
ourselves to be recognized as Jews
previously it used to be said that there
were some so-called problem areas of the
city where as a Jew it wasn't safe to
wear a skullcap or have a visible star
of david' but now it seems there's a
risk even in the prosperous parts of
Berlin the government has been quick to
react to the news when it's the young
for illicit environments and often fewer
the federal government will do
everything we now have a representative
for Jewish life in Germany because we
are very glad that there is Jewish life
in Germany and for the fight against
anti-semitism and this must also be done
with all rigor and determination this is
of course a terrible incident in recent
years the Jewish community in Germany
has been growing with some estimates
that around 10 percent have built their
lives in the capital now some fear their
flourishing community may once more be
under threat Dominic Kane al-jazeera
Ellen
