Britain was pleased to take over this
year's Commonwealth meeting after
cyclone damage incapacitated intended
host the tiny Pacific island nation of
Vanuatu the government is keen to
promote its post brexit global Britain
vision to the 50-plus other leaders many
of whom it's hoped will become future
trade partners so it was an inauspicious
start for Prime Minister Theresa May to
find herself instead apologizing to
Caribbean leaders this week her
government was forced to admit to
discriminating against the children of
migrant workers who'd arrived by
invitation in post-war Britain more than
half a century ago between us critics
will see in the unfolding Windrush
scandal much of what they say is wrong
with the Commonwealth today not only a
club of 53 mainly former British
colonies a third of the world's
population with shared history and
common values but also the sometimes
blunt remnants of empire of questionable
modern purpose and geopolitically
irrelevant they will during the course
of this week be fresh commitments to
shared problems like education climate
change and malaria the values and
cultural crossover of the Commonwealth
on full display what there won't be is
much talk of democratic and human rights
abuses among some members laws against
homosexuality for instance tax havens
and presidents for life nor of the gross
inequalities that exist among these
nations that sometimes seem anything but
a Commonwealth central to the existence
of the Commonwealth is its leadership
often seen as an extension of Britain's
royal family and serving British
interests the Commonwealth has been
headed by the Queen for more than 60
years
when that era comes to an end as it must
some suggest it will be time for
Democratic leadership to restore the
Commonwealth's relevance and ensure its
survival
Jonah hull al-jazeera London
