as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a
wrapped up two days of meetings with US
President Donald Trump the para shirt
reporters their relationship has never
been closer yet their summit held at
Trump's Florida Marlin resort was
largely overshadowed by news the trumpet
once again sidelined America's top Asian
ally confirming he'd sent a CIA director
Mike Pompeo to secretly lay groundwork
for a meeting with the North Korean
leader Kim jong-un in a matter of weeks
it's an unorthodox move for a nation
that's traditionally consulted with
Japan on most matters involving North
Korea still as ahve sought security
assurances Trump made clear there's
still the possibility talks with North
Korea's leader may not happen at all if
the meeting when I'm there is not
fruitful I will respectfully leave the
meeting Lobby implored the international
community and the United States not to
reward Kim just for showing up to direct
talks but to demand concrete commitments
to denuclearize just because North Korea
is responding to dialogue there should
be no reward maximum pressure should be
maintained
it's a promise Trump says he'll keep it
will work for the release of three
Americans currently being held by North
Korea there's a good chance of doing it
we're having very good dialogue we will
keep you informed but we are in there
and we are working very hard on that we
have come a long way with North Korea
during their summit the two leaders
enjoyed a game of golf still Trump did
not extend exemptions he's granted to
other nations on the foreign imports of
steel and aluminum but even as Trump was
highlighting what he believed to be a
summit success overshadowing that
headline was the news the confirmation
of Trump's pick for Secretary of State
was in doubt a growing list of US
senators say they will not vote in favor
of the confirmation of Mike Pompeo to be
the next US Secretary of
it is a concern for the Trump
administration given it is preparing for
historic talks with North Korean leader
Kim jong-un in a matter of weeks
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera West Palm
Beach Florida
