Jamal keshavjee was last seen entering
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul at
around 1:00 p.m. on Tuesday he wanted to
sign off on some paperwork in order to
marry his Turkish fiancee who waited
outside the building now she told Al
Jazeera that an official said to her at
the end of the day that he wasn't in the
building anymore
and then on Friday took his foreign
ministry summoned Saudi Arabia's
ambassador to Ankara over the matter and
later on that same day Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman said Saudi
authorities would allow Turkey to search
the consulate Saudi Arabia invited a
group of journalists into the Istanbul
mission on Saturday in an effort to show
that keshavjee was not on the premises
Jamal Jael is our correspondent he's
following this story for us he's joining
us live now from Istanbul so how
confident then are the Turkish
authorities Jamal that keshavjee has
indeed been murdered on the premises of
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul well
pretty much certain according to the
sources that have spoken to our Jazeera
Martin the police officials here as well
as other security apparatuses are indeed
looking at this as a murder
investigation they look to the fact that
these 15 Saudi nationals amongst them
officials entered and fled essentially
the country that's quickly the fact that
Mohammed bin Salman the Crown Prince of
Saudi Arabia in that interview that as
you mentioned was published on Friday
but was actually given on Wednesday
where he said there was nothing to hide
inside the consulate in terms of the
holding or the kidnapping or the
detention of Jamil photography and
therefore he had obviously disappeared
as far as they're concerned they have
evidence of him entering there is zero
evidence of him exiting and therefore
people don't just disappear into thin
air as one official told me obviously
how he was killed and what further
clear-cut evidence in terms of a body
and other things that were waiting to
hear from the Turks we still haven't
seen that they did say on Saturday that
within 48
they will release all the evidence and
video footage of this entire operation
that they have in order to prove
unequivocally what they have reached to
as a conclusion in light like I say an
absence of that body obviously where we
all wait and see but the understanding
not just here in Turkey but also
internationally is that unfortunately
this journalist has been killed by the
Saudis and how big an impact is this
because I mean this is not an ordinary
happening is it in terms of relations
between the two countries which are
already strained I think we can we can
say given that they're on opposite sides
of the Gulf crisis and Saudi Arabia will
not be at all happy with the fact that
Ankara is quite close with Tehran and
what sort of impact is this likely to
have on those strained relations well
yeah as you mentioned I mean strain
strains in international relations and
bilateral relations that occur as a
result of you know different points of
views in terms of developments around
the region are things that countries can
deal with whilst maintaining diplomatic
representation in each country it is
when there is an affront on your
sovereignty or when there is some sort
of attack that makes it difficult for
that into a diplomatic representation to
continue and that's what many people
observers are anticipating that because
if it does turn out unequivocally to be
the case that Saudi Arabia conducted a
murder inside Turkey then therefore the
Turks will have to revise and review
their diplomatic representation in Saudi
Arabia and Saudis diplomatic
representation here
it does seem and what I do understand
speaking to some officials over the past
few days
Martina's other Turks did really exhaust
all diplomatic avenues with the Saudis
to try and find a way out of this that's
why we haven't heard from senior Turkish
government officials on camera that's
why the Turks had remained tight-lipped
for the first few days without releasing
the information that they had or
confirming the whereabouts or indeed the
the well-being of Jamil photography
because they were
as far as one source told me trying to
find a diplomatic way out of this to
avert what would be some sort of a
fallout but it seems that there was a
lack of reciprocity in terms of goodwill
being represented or expressed by the
Saudis and therefore the Turks have had
their hand forced in terms of trying to
expose what took place and what we
understand is that will include CCTV
footage of these 15 nationals entering
and exiting the country the vehicles
that were used to enter and exit the
Istanbul consulates as well as other
evidence of this crime for now Jamal
thank you very much indeed Jamal el
shell will bring us keep us right
up-to-date with developments out of
Istanbul today
