Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe a
came to u.s. president Donald Trump's
Florida retreat seeking security
assurances but so far may have got just
the opposite as a close friend and Ally
obey on half a dozen occasions has met
with Trump more than any other foreign
leader he's tried to discourage him from
any warming of US North Korea relations
instead Trump has agreed to a meeting
with North Korean leader Kim jong-un for
late May or early June or even not at
all still he says he's narrowing down
prospective venues still abide mitts the
strategy the two nations have utilized
applying maximum pressure against North
Korea to bring about dialogue is working
it is fair to say our approach has
proved to be successful in the right one
the obby Trump summit comes ahead of
another plan summit between North Korea
and South Korea Trump says he's
encouraging the two Koreas to finally
declare an end to the official state of
war between the two nations that's been
going on for decades
South Korea is meeting and has plans to
meet with North Korea to see if they can
end the war and they have my blessing on
that and they've been very generous that
without us and without me in particular
I guess you would have to say that they
wouldn't be discussing anything
including the Olympics would have been a
failure South Korea has credited the
United States with playing a leadership
role and helping to build on the
goodwill of the Winter Olympics but
Japanese security isn't the only issue
expected to emerge from the summit the
two leaders have also pledged to discuss
their differences when it comes to trade
despite calling Japan a friend and Ally
Trump didn't exempt Japan from the list
of nations now subject to tariffs on
foreign imports of aluminum and steel
into the United States it is one of the
many thorny trade issues the two leaders
are set to discuss during their two-day
summit kimberley hellcat al Jazeera West
Palm Beach Florida
