piles of plastic and every city in the
world in remote regions with nowhere to
go since its invention last century the
disposal of plastic has plagued the
world three-quarters of it sits in
landfills floods the oceans even the 10%
that's recycled is simply remoulded
never truly broken down until now we
could break it down to its building
blocks and then put it back into PT s
water bottles and things like this
essentially to recover those virgin type
properties I bet Theriot discovered
recently in a Japanese recycling plant
feeds on the world's most common plastic
known as PE tea this is an enzyme eating
the plastic magnified three thousand
times the scientists wanted to study how
it worked but accidentally spit it up we
actually thought we were making the
enzymes floor by by changing a few amino
acids but actually we've made it faster
we've made an improved version of the
enzyme better than the natural one
already that's really exciting because
that means that there is potential to
optimize the same zone even further the
science has a long way to go the enzyme
can only digest PT plastic and needs to
be scaled up in a commercially viable
way basically we can just make gallons
of powdered enzyme and then pour it into
a bottle plastic this is what we're
aiming to do so just in the same way
that our washing powder detergents were
developed and made more stable being
able to work at high temperatures low
temperatures we're going to do the same
with this enzyme and hopefully create
something that we can use in an
industrial scale every minute one
garbage truck of plastic is dumped into
our oceans if we continue this trend by
2050 its predicted there will be more
plastic in the oceans than fish it's an
all-consuming problem that scientists
hope enzymes could help eat up Charlotte
Bellis al Jazeera
