these are the mobile phone pictures that
have Starbucks on the defensive
two men were escorted out of the cafe on
Thursday accused of trespassing they
gone there to meet a friend and asked to
use the restroom when they refused to
leave a worker called the police their
friend turned up as they were being
removed after that video went viral
Starbucks went into damage control we're
always working to create the very best
environment in our stores in in our
communities tireless efforts to bridge
the opportunity to vied for young men
and women of color and I've never been
more proud of this company and what they
do and this incident does not reflect
the spirit of our brand it was an
unfortunate incident and we'll be sure
to make it right
Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson also
apologized on Twitter this was little
comfort for protesters who rallied
outside and inside the chains coffee
shop in Philadelphia on Sunday the
police commissioner defended the
officers involved when the call was
initially made via Starbucks employees
they told the male's that they were
going to call police and they said go
ahead and call police we don't care so
police get there and they're confronted
by the same type of attitude and
repeatedly are told that they're not
leaving in fact there is some alleged
rhetoric about you don't know what
you're doing you're only a $45,000 year
employee or something to that regard it
is important for me to say that in short
these officers did absolutely nothing
wrong
the commissioners statement may have
done more harm than good
the police commissioner said that the
officers didn't do anything wrong I
believe a lot of times when there's
someone who's racist and shows a
attitude of bigotry they tend to use the
system to then show opposition to a
person that did nothing wrong I'm not
sure this is just an isolated issue but
I think that whenever you have
a racial profiling situation is should
be assessed not just by managers because
that manager clearly needs to be fired
but the police themselves the district
attorney said the two men were released
after their arrest due to lack of
evidence and Starbucks decision not to
go further with the case regardless
though the arrests have sparked fresh
debate about the treatment of black
Americans Hana hawkster al-jazeera
