Britt Cavanaugh has been sworn in as a
Supreme Court justice after successfully
going through the nomination process the
clerk will call the roll
mr. Alexander but earlier the vote was
interrupted repeatedly by shouts from
the public gallery sergeant-at-arms will
restore order in the gallery an
indication of the deep division within
and without the Senate chamber where
Cavanaugh's entire performance after
debate that lasted through the night
only one Democrat voted in favor only
one Republican opposed nomination a vote
to confirm judge Cavanaugh today is a
vote to end this brief dark chapter in
the Senate's history and turn the page
toward a brighter tomorrow
the confirmation passed by a narrow to
vote margin the nomination of Brett M
Kavanaugh of Maryland to be an Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States is confirmed throughout
the day protesters gathered outside the
Supreme Court the vast majority deeply
opposed to the appointment of Brett
Kavanaugh and fearful of the impact he
will have on the court the Supreme Court
is critical to our democracy they make
choices that impact our lives our
futures and our children's lives we are
not going to sit here and just lie down
and let this confirmation get us down we
are gonna get right back up keep
fighting and get that change that we
want even if it's not today President
Trump though saw a different picture of
the gathering this tweet before the vote
was taken woman for Cavanaugh and many
others who support the very good man are
gathering all over Capitol Hill it's a
beautiful thing to see he continues and
they are not paid professional
protesters who are handed expensive
signs big day for America this bitter
nomination process could have a major
impact on the midterm elections that
take place next month an opportunity for
Democrats to claw back a majority in
both the House and the Senate
but even this would not change a simple
stark fact with this second successful
confirmation President Trump has pushed
the center of the court firmly to the
right by Kanna al Jazeera Washington
