after 60 years designing and creating
traditional headdresses chang-keuk Yin
is considered a grandmaster in Cantonese
opera these days he spends less time
creating and more time teaching to
educate the next generation to
appreciate this traditional art in
Guangdong ago but the audience is mostly
in their 50s or 60s I hope that we have
more younger audiences over time that's
the crucial point it's a concern shared
by some in the industry who say younger
people are now more engaged with other
types of digital entertainment so
they've come up with a plan as well as
subjects like maths and science primary
and secondary students can now study
Cantonese opera the Hong Kong government
hopes that by making it part of the
curriculum it will preserve this unique
part of Hong Kong's cultural heritage
through this kind of activity we hope to
spark the kids interest in this culture
and they can experience the value of it
the performance showcases stories of
Chinese history the unique gestures and
singing styles haven't changed nor have
the demanding routines but the storyline
has been given a modern makeover
everything got to be like Cantonese
opera the only difference is the story
itself we try to write stories on the
daily life after tour in Cantonese opera
is considered a unique part of Hong
Kong's identity and it's been recognized
by UNESCO as an intangible part of the
city's cultural heritage and this year
the government is opening this new
theater dedicated to the art form but
with a fanbase of mainly adults and the
elderly the industry knows the key to
its survival is reinventing this
tradition the decadent costumes are a
draw card as well as the makeup but
students are learning to appreciate the
performance celebrating it on stage I
love learning Cantonese opera because I
now know more Chinese words and culture
from it dainty and unfold I like it
because my grandpa sings Cantonese opera
too so I'm used to listening to him a
lot with more than 20 schools now signed
up to the program industry groups hope
this new landscape of Cantonese opera
will stand the test of time Sarah Clark
al Jazeera Hong
