it may only be one atom thick and
invisible to the eye but the graphene
layer wrapped inside this tube could
help provide clean water to the planet
the mesh around its tiny holes act as a
filter bacteria and other nasty bits in
the dirty water are trapped in the
graphene layer and drinking water come
through the other side
I did get blocked by the Kraken you know
and just pure water can come here so
effectively it's a suit yeah more or
less yeah turn graphene into a shield
like this and run salt water through it
the salts molecules stick and h2o passes
through graphene can desalinate seawater
as well we recently showed it's
definitely possible to remove ions with
graphene which was a very important step
but now we need to reproduce those
results on a very large scale this is
probably gonna take at least four or
five years I think in many ways it
appears to be the breakthrough the
world's been waiting for cities like
Cape Town face potentially catastrophic
water shortages the certification
through climate change waterborne
diseases the problems are so well known
yet solutions remain elusive that's
partly because desalination and other
filtration processes are currently slow
inexpensive once the graphene solution
is scaled up to industrial levels it may
hold the prospects of revolutionizing
the availability of clean water
technology on this one for example have
a big role to play they can reduce the
cost of water distribution what the
treatments are lots and it can really
help water companies government's
motivate them to provide water for
cheaper to their citizens it won't be
enough but it can play a big role as
ever though much of the potential
success of graphene will be wrapped up
in politics people living in Gaza for
example rely on desalinated water and
lay their hopes on Israel and the United
Nations for solutions technological
advances and political will aren't the
same thing they've already had queries
from people in cities like Cape Town
wondering how quickly they can get hold
of their own personal water filtration
systems so there's no doubting the
urgency of the need but it is as good an
example as you can find
way in which technology is now on the
points are being able to overcome some
of the planet's most difficult public
health problems
Lawrence Lee al Jazeera in Manchester
