it's freezing inside this storage room
it has to be the boxes contain prime US
beef fresh from the Nebraska prairies a
17-ton shipment
recently arrived at this shanghai meat
importer that was before the escalation
in trade tensions between China and the
United States and the threat of new
tariffs on US beef the firm's boss
initially feared the worst being left
with a lot of expensive meat on which
he'd made little or no profit when we
heard there might be a 25% tariff we
thought oh no we can't do business
anymore his concerns have subsided but
he still faces another problem
uncertainty was that for me to go quite
all with you we can only make plans when
trade relations between China and the
United States are stable that's why
we're not totally sure how often and how
much we should buy so far we bought 17
tons and sold two tons if it really does
come to a trade war it's gonna be
several more weeks before the new tariff
on beef is applied and while yang says
he feels uneasy he will continue to
import US beef because he says they'll
always be demand for what he regards as
a quality product he just won't import
so much of it instead he'll buy more
from Australia New Zealand and Canada
Young says that after President Xi
Jingping speech on Tuesday he's less
worried about a trade war happening now
she promised a deepen economic reform
and to improve the business environment
for foreign investors the appetite for
beef in China is being driven by the
country's growing middle class
consumption has risen more than 10
percent in the past five years
so when China lifted a 13-year ban on US
imports a year ago it was welcome news
here for many Chinese consumers though
US beef remains an unaffordable luxury
the American beef really doesn't have
that much to do with Chinese people how
many Chinese people eat American beef
not even ten percent if the imported
American beef suddenly becomes much more
expensive I probably will go for
something else
after all we also have good beef in
China and from other countries the
American beef is not irreplaceable
not words the US beef industry wants to
hear a middle I name beef consumption at
home it's relying on global demand a
demand that is increasingly being led by
China Adrian Brown al-jazeera Shanghai
