another batch of Syrians forced to leave
their homes these are nearly 4,000
people displaced from Duma near the
Syrian capital Damascus
with the latest suspected chemical
attack happened we lived in bad days in
eastern gute especially in the last
three days with the regime of creation
in duma which used chlorine gas
resulting in suffocation cases among the
civilians but forced displacements of
hundreds of thousands of people in
chemical attacks were unthinkable for
these protesters in 2012 in the
beginning grainy mobile videos used to
capture a peaceful Syrian uprising
against Bashar al-assad then the Syrian
government began its brutal crackdown
with the rests torture and killings the
opposition also picked up weapons and
radical groups such as ISIL took
advantage that was the first win for the
Assad government which insisted it was
fighting what it called terrorists a
major Syrian chemical attack in hooda
changed things in 2013 and the threat of
u.s. action inside Syria remained that a
threat the international community's
credibility is on the line and America
and Congress has credibility is on the
line because we give lip service to the
notion that these international norms
are important we have to act because if
we don't we are effectively saying that
even though we may condemn it and issue
resolutions and so forth and so on
somebody who is not shamed by
resolutions can continue to act with
impunity
and that impunity continued despite the
UN chemical weapons watchdog destroying
the Syrian government's declared arsenal
the Trump administration responded in
2017 that missile strikes inside Syria
but also gave fire warning to Russia
President Assad's ally as with previous
incidents there's been international
outrage failed UN resolutions and US
missile strikes in Syria seven-year war
the international community has been
outraged multiple times and at times
took limited action but all that has
failed to stop attacks on civilians who
oppose President Assad hundreds of
thousands have been subjected to the
tactic of stars
surrender or die thousands tried to
escape and many died on the way and the
world has effectively shut down the
borders around Syria so people cannot
need sama bin Javed al-jazeera near the
Turkish in the border
