now we have some more from Russia this
is the briefing given a short time ago
at the Russian Defense Ministry of us
airplanes were used m 15 and 16 and also
the planes on the u.s. of the UK tornado
in Mediterranean and also the ships want
to enter it on your own you are of US
forces from the Red Sea also bombas
fighter bombers bn1 flew over Syrian
territory in the Ektron region which is
controlled by USA also a series of
Syrian oppose war bombed and the
research centers were bombed Accord
eliminate data victims among the
citizens and personnel I'm personal
Daniel victims the intimation would
clarify it and it will be informed to
the people according to the information
well used three cruise missiles were
used including tomahawk also monitored
air bombs from the planes b1 B 15 f-16
planes used to missiles plant soil also
tornado of UK the a8 and and also Syrian
Syrian forces they also repels AMISOM
attacks intercept 31 course massan's
were intercepted activated Syrian forces
were used as 20s 200 poker square it has
deposited high high effective
effectiveness of the argument in in
Syria and also excellent training
training of Syrians prepared by our
specialists
according Russia has fully restore the
system of air defense of Syria and
continues to improve it over the last
six months a few years ago take into
account we refused to supply two to
Syria of the Zenit miss missiles as 300
take into account all what has happened
I consider necessary to to reconsider
this issue not in respect to Syria but
also to respect to other states the aims
of the strikes also the allegation basis
of Syrian forces the objective data
Diwali important focus for missions or
taking part as addameer 1212 misses
because they won't shut down Marie
Airport 18 missiles will shut down
Sherrod Airport 12 missiles or would
shut down and the air pipe was didn't
suffer any losses out of nine missiles
launched was the Museu airport five
missiles were shot down out of 16
missiles against Thompson Airport 13
were destroyed there were no serious
destructions 30 missiles took part in
the strikes in the objects in the
settlements Bazaar and Germany
settlements 7 misses were shut down
these objects allegedly that had to do
with the so-called chemical program of
Damascus who were partly destroyed
partially destroyed but well but they
haven't been used for a long time and
there was no other equipment their
Russian forces or put into a combative
regime none of the Christmas house
complexes were not used with
that this strike it's not a response to
the alleged chemical attack but it's
it's against the armed forces of Syria
the strike is inflicted on the day when
in Damascus should start working a
special mission on the investigation of
the incident in Dumont and allegedly
that allegedly a chemical weapons were
used at I want to call your attention
none of the objects on the production of
chemical weapons in Syria don't exist
and it was established by the
organization for the prohibition of
chemical weapons this fact of American
aggression testifies about the there's
there's no interest USA to have an
objective investigation but an
aspiration to forth the process of the
peaceful settlement and the stabiliser
situation in the nearest has nothing to
do with the declared aims to fight
international terrorism is assessed as
calm you can observe it in the real time
regime on the screens we attentively
monitor the situation taking place there
