a kiss on both cheeks for the Russian
ambassador but any hope that the Russian
and American rhetoric would ratchet down
were soon dashed as the ambassador's
continued what this week has become a
familiar confrontation in the Security
Council denial of any attack on one side
the Soviet Union at the Union there is
no credible confirmation of this our
specialists found no traces of toxic
substances the residents of Duma know
about no such attack all information
about the alleged attacks have been
provided by anti-government forces
forces who have interest in such
development of events an incredulous
response on the other I started to
listen to my Russian friend and respond
but instead I'm in awe the silly of how
you say what you say with a straight
face I really really AM the Secretary
General's impassioned call for unity in
the council was clearly ignored Antonio
Guterres painting a bleak picture of a
world facing multiple conflicts the Cold
War is back with a vengeance
but with the difference the mechanisms
and the safeguards to manage the risks
of escalation that existed in the past
no longer seemed to be present and
another familiar scene at the start of
the session the u.s. Ambassador once
again entering with her French and
British allies and in an apparently
posed huddle sending a clear signal of
joint concern and possibly joint action
Mike Hanna al Jazeera United Nations
