Tsukiji market were a single tuna can
sell for more than a million dollars
this ritual has played out here for more
than 80 years wholesalers chefs the
owners of Japan's top sushi restaurants
carefully inspecting bluefin tuna using
techniques honed over many years before
the contest and spectacle begins this is
the famous 2 kg tuna auction and this is
the final time I was trained at Tsukiji
I spent my entire professional life here
so you can imagine that leaving here
saddens me a lot more fish passes
through to kids eat in any other market
in the world bought and sold in a
process taken so seriously that the
tourists who flock here aren't allowed
into the wholesale area until after the
business is over 40,000 visit every day
500 wholesalers employ thousands located
in the heart of Tokyo Tsukiji is part of
a long tradition of riverside markets
dating back centuries it's also prime
real estate needed for the 2020 Olympics
Tai Yamaguchi has been working at a
family's fish stall for more than 50
years definitely
okay I don't want to move but the
government is powerful doing everything
to make us move with cover-ups and lies
like many other fish mongers she opposes
the shift to the new five billion dollar
site built on a former gas plant they
say it's unsafe
despite 33 million dollars spent to
clean it up and years of delays the new
purpose-built tour your su market will
replace the hustle and bustle of 2kg
next week with improved refrigeration
earthquake resistance and sanitation
opponents have sought a court injunction
to stop the move but for now the to
kiddie market is going
going gone very on ohand al-jazeera
