become more famous than me even before
James commis book hits the shelves it's
making headlines and creating more
headaches for US president Donald Trump
in excerpts from a higher loyalty truth
lies and leadership the former FBI
director writes this president is
unethical and untethered to truth and
institutional values his leadership is
transactional ego driven and about
personal loyalty Comey also alleges the
president asked him to investigate
rumors of a videotape showing Donald
Trump with prostitutes in a Russian
hotel room in flames the president
wanted to put the first lady's mind at
ease I am extremely careful I'm
surrounded by bodyguards I'm surrounded
by people and I always tell them
anywhere but I always tell them if I'm
leaving this country be very careful
because in your hotel rooms and no
matter where you go you're gonna
probably have cameras online attack ads
funded by the Republican National
Committee aim to discredit Comey who was
fired in May last year that Trump
administration initially said he was
dismissed over his handling of the FBI's
investigation into Hillary Clinton's
emails but President Trump gave other
reasons so it confused me when I saw on
television the president's saying that
he actually fired me because of the
Russian investigation and learned again
from the media that he was telling
private leave other parties that my
firing had relieved great pressure on
the Russia investigation commis book
comes out next Tuesday at a time when
the president is already besieged with
domestic problems
his personal lawyers offices were raided
by the FBI earlier this week and the
fallout from accusations made by a
former adult film star continued the
picture James Comey paints of President
Trump is unflattering to say the least
the former FBI director compares Trump
to a mob boss who demands loyalty over
the rule of law his account of serving
the President may not sway Trump's base
but the memoir is already a best-seller
and a Gallacher al Jazeera Washington
