Jameel de Haan and side al Majda la we
get ready to film at one of the protest
camps along Garza's eastern edge
it's a quiet midweek day featuring
families with young children and their
well back from the area where Israeli
troops have used live fire on the past
two Friday's but they wear their
protective equipment nonetheless after
the journalists were shot last Friday
the family told us don't go we as
journalists we send a message no matter
what my wife or mother says we love our
work because of that we'll keep coming
here last Friday a freelance
photographer yasawa Tasha was shot in
the upper body as he covered the
protests the bullet entered his armpit
where his flak jacket clearly labeled
press could provide no protection
he died in hospital it's not just the
death of yamaraja that has his
colleagues worried the Palestinian
journalists syndicate says there's a
deliberate policy by the Israeli army a
targeting journalists in order to
intimidate them certainly nine other
journalists were injured by gunfire
during last week's protests Israel has
denied targeting members of the media at
the same time it's accused more Tashia
of being on the Hamas payroll without
providing evidence in Gaza dzifa
hospital we meet adam al hajar a
freelance photographer he was shot on
the left leg and needed three surgeries
the latest transferring muscle from one
leg to the other upstairs is abortion
Abbas beginning what could be a 12 month
recovery like Adam a freelancer he's
worried about the impact of being
without work for so long minutes after
capturing these images of injured
protesters being rushed away for
treatment he found himself making the
same journey I was wearing a flak jacket
and helmet suddenly while I was working
about 400 metres from the fence the
Israelis shot me with a live bullet in
the leg it broke the bone because it was
an explosive bullet
but he says the job of documenting these
protests and the Israeli response to
them was worth the risk a sentiment
shared by TV cameraman Jamil de Haan who
despite his family's concerns will be
back on shift at the border on Friday
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera Gaza
