it's been a long journey their feet are
swollen
these Afghan boys have walked for 300
kilometers since entering Turkey having
left families behind they hope for a
better and safer life here is that we've
been traveling for 17 days of walking
for 22 hours non-stop and we only have
some bread water and a few shirts in our
bags they don't have passports or other
forms of identification if they're lucky
they won't get caught by the police
and will reach their friends and
relatives in Ankara or Istanbul
undocumented Afghans are brought to this
repatriation center that hosts around
1,500 refugees and deported following
legal proceedings one of them is Alice
tre who is staying in the center with a
sister Manos here that want to attack in
our university Sudhir for my mother said
to lift Manos tells how their shop and
their family were attacked it's not all
the problems of violence in forfeiting
the education that they face drugs are
also a major issue and also too
they traveled with human traffickers
from Afghanistan to Iran northeastern
city of measured and to the capital
Tehran before reaching Turkey through
mountainous roads inside covered trucks
there are 170 thousand Afghan refugees
who have registered with the UN in
Turkey about 20,000 of them came through
Iran in the first three months of this
year alone it's a new migration way for
the Turkish authorities most of them are
young men under 25 but turkey is already
hosting at least 3.5 million Syrians and
doesn't want another refugee influx many
of these Afghan refugees say they do not
want to go back to their country because
of unemployment and threat of violence
why aren't groups like the Taliban and
ISIL but they can't stay in Turkey
either because many of them do not have
legal recognition
unlike refugees from Syria we're only
here for work we already paid all our
money to the human traffickers we don't
have a government that would pay this
money back to us they should rather kill
us instead of sending us back for these
men they're difficult journey has come
to an end
they're being put on charted planes back
to Afghanistan and their dream for a
better future at least for now are over
see namco s√≥lo al Jazeera air ziram
eastern Turkey
