in an unprecedented move against a
member state the European Parliament has
triggered article 7 of the --use
governing treaty meant to protect its
core principles human dignity freedom
democracy equality the rule of law and
respect for human rights including the
rights of persons belonging to
minorities the EU accuses the Hungarian
government led by the Prime Minister
Viktor Orban of breaching those values
by passing anti-refugee laws
manipulating the media disregarding
government corruption and removing
independent judges Budapest denies the
accusations and defends its policies but
with European Parliament election
scheduled to take place in May next year
could the divisions that have been
exposed lead to political change across
the EU we find out as Peter C Otto
Hungarian Foreign Minister talks to Al
Jazeera
better see Otto foreign minister of
Hungary thank you for talking to Al
Jazeera again it's my honor since we
spoke to you last your country is facing
proceedings never before invoked in the
European Union
it's called article 7 and it's because a
country is breaching the core values of
the EU that's what they've got to decide
on one other suspect at least are you
still signed up to those core European
values of course we are and we are not
violating them the report which was
pushed through the European Parliament
voted yeah I read it I read it unlike I
think so many people who are speaking
about it but I read it from the very
beginning to the very end and it it has
a list of 69 69 points in 69 accusations
against Hungary out of which 13 points
have been totally agreed upon by the
government and the European Commission
agreed upon about 19 points there are
negotiations going on between the
Commission and the Hungarian government
as it is normally the procedure in the
European Union and there are 37 points
which are qualified lies I mean I I went
through all of them because I
represented the government twice on the
committee meetings which prepared the
plenary but you had your chance to make
your case yeah I'm right of the European
ball I made a comment over here 48
members voted against you just one nine
seven voted yeah and you know here is
the cheating because you just read this
you don't read abstentions yeah 48 yeah
and and and and this is the key issue
here normally according to European
contracts the way decisions are being
made by the European Parliament is the
following you have the yes votes and on
the other side you have the no votes and
the abstentions and for some reason this
case leaders of European Parliament made
the decision to leave the votes of
abstentions out of consideration if you
add the abstentions this resolution is
not passed
but obviously the rules of the European
Parliament are that you don't add the
abstentions otherwise no you do you do
that's that's that's actually why it was
cheating because you do at the
abstentions just look at the treaty very
right very early political parties in
the European Parliament were guilty of
cheating it was a cheating
perhaps we should widen this because
this is part of a big discussion I think
going on in Europe and going on in the
world about the way the world should be
governed and it's come up in the recent
UN General Assembly in New York very
different visions given for example by
the French president Emmanuel macron and
the US president Donald Trump he's
talking about a series of powerful
sovereign nations and going against
global governance whereas the French
president is talking about keeping up
multilateralism which side are you on
well actually we always take the
Hungarian side so I I don't like these
simplifications whether I'm pro-american
or Pro French because I'm Pro Hungarian
but what I can tell you is that there
are many points in the foreign policy of
Donald Trump
which you respect a lot first of all we
do respect that that he respects suberin
et he respects strong States he respects
countries sticking to their identity
their culture their heritage you know
when when when when the French President
speaks about multilateralism and then I
look at his European policies I'm a
little bit concerned because the the
measures he would like to see in the
European Union would be rather
unfavorable for Hungary when it comes to
tax harmonization and all this kind of
stuff you know and migration we are
absolutely on two different sides with
President McCrone and and his vision
about Europe when it comes to migration
when it comes to social issues when it
comes to taxation when it comes to
economic issues totally totally showing
to another direction compared to our
vision about the future let's explore
this little further I'm just gonna read
you a quote
president macarons addressed to the
General Assembly nationalism always
leads to defeat if courage is lacking in
the defense of fundamental principles
international order becomes fragile and
this can lead us as we already seen
twice to global war what do you make of
that I don't want to comment the words
of the French president because they
speak for themselves and nationalism is
nationalist good or bad but what does
nationalism mean in this regard I mean I
don't know what he was speaking about
because I don't know his thoughts what I
can tell you is that we are under
accusations in Europe many times of
being nationalistic now the thing is the
following we are a country which never
will give up the right to make the
decision about the future of Hungary on
our own we will never give up the right
to make a decision on our own with whom
we would like to live together in our
country we will never give up the right
to decide about whom we would like to
enter whom we would like to let enter
the territory of our country and whom we
don't we will always be a nation of
freedom fighters we don't like
colonialism sometimes when the French
Foreign Minister of French President
speaks about Hungary they speak as if we
were a colony of them so I think a
mutual respect mutual respect it is what
is lacking from the global for global
set of foreign policies currently but
you've agreed to a form of mutual
government for some things that is what
the European Union is some areas are
decided at the European level yeah
that's right that's right we are part of
European Union meaning that part of our
sovereign eating we practice together
with the European Union no problem with
that the problem is with intentions to
change the treaties which direct the
operation of the European Union change
the treaties in not a democratic way
there are some intentions for that and
this is something that we reject we
think that European Union needs to
undergo some reforms because obviously
if you look at the performance of the
European Union you see that the
competitiveness is is versioning no
question
in order to become again competitive you
know in order to be able to be
successful in this global race of
economy and trade we have to make some
changes this is what we understand and
there's a debate now within the EU with
the good reason by the way because there
are at least five tremendous historic
type of challenges ahead of us like
migration like the threat of terror
brexit energy security war in ukraine so
it's obvious it's obvious that we have
debate about these issues because when
should we have debate about the future
of Europe if not now when there are
historic challenges so I don't think
that having a debate within the EU about
the future would be bad news bad news is
that the Democratic right of taking part
in discussions is kind of supposed to be
taken away from some countries which do
not represent the mainstream that's
that's a problem that's very
anti-democratic let me take you back to
April and the election you had a very
successful result yes record turnout 70%
of the people showed up and we received
forty nine point six percent of the vote
so it means third continuous election
third continuous constitutional majority
in the parliament so you can change the
Constitution again change what you want
what you want to if you want to tell me
was it a free and fair election of
course there was an election mission
from the OSCE that produced a pretty
damning report it said there was
intimidating and xenophobic rhetoric
media bias and opaque campaign financing
but I mean just simply not true simply
not true there was free and fair
elections you know third continuous time
we want a constitutional majority these
allegations are just not being serious
Tory sorry to say that if you had been
to Hungary at that time you would have
been able to say that that this is
nonsense but this was a monitoring
mission from a respected body yes yeah
but I say it's nonsense what about the
claims that the public television
clearly favored your party and that
there was a government information
campaign that went out two weeks before
the poll that was against migration and
matched one of the main themes of your
parties
platform it's all over the road that
governments run information campaigns
about the most important issues with the
issue fuel poverty which you don't
really get elected this is the most
important issue in Hungary currently if
it was not the most important issue then
we wouldn't have received forty nine
point six percent of the votes in the
country and I'm telling you what it
migration was not the most important
issue only in Hungary if you look at the
last five national elections in in in
Europe you know there was Italy Austria
Slovenia Hungary and then Sweden in all
in all countries migration was the
number one topic during elections with a
good reason by the way because this is
something that bothers our people in
Europe with the good reason because
hypocrisy and political correctness have
been all around this debate and with the
good reason because I think people
really want honest and straightforward
speeches in this in this regard so and
if you see the result in Hungary in
Slovenia in Austria in German in Italy
in all four cases those parties have
gained the most votes which which have a
credible program how to how to how to
protect the security of the country how
to protect the security of the citizens
of the given country clearly one issue
is media freedom it came up in that
report that you already quoted you said
it you read it from beginning to end in
terms of the media in Hungary most of
the media is friendly to your government
is it not no it's not true look at the
Internet I mean come on I understand the
Hungarian language is very difficult so
foreigners can be mislead very easily by
saying such kind of lies but if you can
speak Hungarian and if you look at the
Internet I mean you will hardly find
hardly find government friendly our web
pages the most the most viewed or most
washed or most read Internet web page is
very heavily critical or hostile
whatever to the government when it comes
to television when it comes to the
television the most you television is
heavily heavily hostile
tl yeah heavily hostile so but what are
we speaking about you know these are
these are against perceptions that that
freedom of speech freedom of gatherer
assembly is being violated no it's not
you know not only the European Union but
United Nations put together some reports
saying that freedom of assembly is taken
away from Hungarian people I went to see
the Commissioner I sat to the table with
her and said look I came here because
there's a very serious issue you wrote
in your report that in Hungary freedom
of assembly is taken away from the
people could you please tell me what
case you are referring to and she had no
clue she said that you know I just came
in two days before this report was
issued and and I didn't it was a staff
to put together but come on you know
this this is very very irresponsible way
of behavior which says the same thing
about the OSCE now he was saying about
European Commission is this some
conspiracy against you I don't know
whether it's conspiracy but these are
lies I don't know whether they do it to
get there or not but you know it's very
serious because you sit here many people
watch this program and thank you for
invitation because I can explain
and then then such kind of things are
said about Hungary that there is no
freedom of media and then I asked please
tell me what journalists what media
outlets have been under torture or had
to suffer has anyone applied censorship
it's a patronage and whether there is no
owners of friends of the Prime Minister
well we can go back to communism and say
that private ownership is not allowed in
media but do we really want to do so
okay let me just what happens if a
private owner sells a newspaper for
example is that the fault of the
government or I tell you what there was
a daily newspaper which was partly owned
by the Socialist Party no one had a
problem with that no one raised the
issue that how it is possible that they
leftist party partly owns a daily paper
you know isn't it interesting that
whenever left or liberal parties are
involved there no one raises its
question it's so Hippocratic it's so
double standard and so ridiculous
I'm gonna raise another area which is
the judiciary and this time I'm gonna
raise something that was a report from
Hungary from the National Judicial
Council in May it casts doubt on the
autonomy of the Hungarian judiciary a
damning analysis about the way that the
senior judges have been hired and the
role of Tunde honde hando who is a
longtime friend of your prime minister
yes and so the problem well the problem
problem I in a problem is that judges
aren't being fairly selected
what do you mean under that judges who
have favorable to the government are
being selected was the suggestion in
this report who are they
judges judges who sit I don't know on
criminal case I don't know any judges
who have been selected because of their
friendship or not friendship to the
government there are many rulings on the
courts which we don't like but as an as
an individual citizen I think I have the
right to like or dislike court decisions
as a politician I cannot comment because
then I would harm or violate the
independence of judiciary but I don't
know about any judges who would have
gained positions just because being
friendly to government you reject that
allegation even though it came from the
main group of Hungarian judges there's a
big debate about the reform of the
judicial system within the judicial
system so this is not a debate between
government and judges this is a
professional debate within the judicial
system getting back to the issue of
migration that you've had so much
criticism on in fact our first interview
was in 2015 at the height of the of the
migration crisis and you had some very
tough questions then then since then
you've basically given up letting people
into Hungary isn't that right we do not
allow any illegal migrants to the
territory of the country
what about refugees we have sealed off
the green border so the only way you can
enter the territory of the country is a
legal way so go there to the border
crossing point show your travel
documentation
you can come in late what about here if
you're a refugee but how can you come
how can you be a refugee if you if you
are surrounded by peaceful countries
well sometimes countries volunteer to
let refugees in what do you mean they
take refugees it's like a reset line
program yes but my question you're not
taking anyone you know we don't want to
take part in that I can tell you
something
those people who arrived to Hungary
those 400,000 about which you know we
spoke in 2015 in the hide under and they
were coming through country - yes they
they came through at least five peaceful
countries so my question is whether
anyone could show me count because I
have looked at it anyone could show me
any point in international regulations
which would say that you have a right to
wake up in the morning pick a country
where you would like to live in and in
order to get there violate series of
borders it's not a human right
the human right is that you are in
trouble you have to you are forced to
leave your home you go to the first safe
place where you're gonna be taken care
of but it's not written anywhere that
you are allowed to violate border
between two peaceful countries because
you want to get through know those
people who came to us came through
Turkey Greece Macedonia sometimes
Bulgaria Serbia Croatia five six safe
countries my question is how can you be
a refugee after you violate borders
between five safe countries my question
is about refugees who need to find
somewhere to live and the European Union
has come up with ideas to spread them
around Europe right now as I understand
it from the latest statistics I can find
you have 10 million people in your
country and 3555 refugees living in
Hungary you're not taking your fair
share there are people who are fleeing
war that they're fleeing famine don't
some of them isn't it fair for you to
take in some of our bullsháá we are
taking part in the burn sharing because
we spent already more than a billion
euros on protecting the eastern border
of the European Union this is number one
number two we have launched a program
which is called Hungary helps
we are spending millions of euros on
helping the communities in the Middle
East because you know when when the
bishops come to us that the Christian
bishops come to us from the Middle East
they always ask us please do not help
our people to leave the area because our
communities will be eliminated please
help us to be able to return and please
help us to be able to get stronger there
you know what you say the bishops yeah
you only have been helping Christians
yeah we have a special program to help
Christians and we are not Muslims Leah
we are a Christian country we feel
responsible for the for the Christian
people and since there are no other no
other targeted program for the
Christians we do it so what we do is the
following we have rebuilt villages for
the Christians where they used to be
living for centuries and they were
forced to live now we rebuild villages
where they can return we are building
schools there we are covering
expenditures of hospitals we are
building cultural institutions we are
giving hundred scholarships every year
fully financed by the Hungarian state to
be able to get more to be able to be
more competitive more competitive how
can you say that we don't take the fair
share
what about corruption transparency
international puts you below Montenegro
in its list of corruption Montenegro
can't get into the EU because it's too
corrupt what do you make of some
allegations for example that Viktor
Orban your prime ministers used public
funds and channel EU funds to Lake
Balaton to two areas where he has close
friends and relatives with properties
that's just being ridiculous
number one it's ridiculous to to accuse
the Prime Minister with such kind of
issues number it is being ridiculous
he's not an old accusation anyone could
be guilty of something but it's true but
it's but it's a it's a lie that
Montenegro is not member of European
Union because of because of corruption
is not true that's simply a lie and it's
simply a lie that the Prime Minister
uses public France for private reasons
it's it's not true so we have to say I
have to reject that and it's and it's
really a scandal that such kind of
things can be said to be honest
these are the sort of consequences that
these these are the sort of allegations
that are out there some of these things
are in that report that went to the
European Parliament what happens next
because clearly there's a procedure in
Europe what are you going to do next
well you know in this case the General
Affairs Council which is the body of the
minister's responsible for European
integration of the member states comes
together and based on the will of the
presidency which is now Austria they
will have hearings one or two Austria
incidentally is run by a Conservative
government that is in the same European
People's Party is you one day and and
they didn't back you one phone one party
of them one party of them is number of
the European People's Party then what
they didn't back you that's important
and it's the party of the Chancellor so
well you must be disappointed you know
I understood that friendship and
politics must not be confused anymore
but anyway so one or two hearings and
then afterwards it will be put on the
agenda of the council itself you know
the gathering of the heads of state and
government of the European Union and
their unanimous decision must be made if
if any sanctions would be applied and
I've got other people on your side
yeah of course we do the Polish and the
Czech Prime Polish government and Czech
Prime Minister I made it very clear that
they would veto any kind of sanctions
against Hungary we are not the only
country against which this this
procedure is going on because the
similar kind of procedure has been going
on against Poland but it's it's it's
it's much it's in a much more advanced
phase let's read this way because it has
been started as far as I remember last
year already and we made it very clear
that we would veto any kind of sanctions
against the poles because because the
the the critics on pause are just being
ridiculous I mean that's that's on the
reform of judiciary and I'm not pretty
sure that all those who put these
allegations on the Polish have read
the new laws and and and understood the
reform procedure I I spent a lot of time
with that because I really wanted to be
sure what I I say about their issue and
and and I really studied their a
judicial reform they want to make it
they want to make procedures quicker
they definitely made decisions about the
higher score but I mean that they are
they are a government they are elected
by the people so they have to govern the
country to the satisfaction of the
people and I don't see that they would
have committed anything against the
against the contracts of the European
Union we have European elections next
year do you feel the perhaps the
European Parliament's action could
backfire given there are lots of
populist nationalist parties around
Europe that potentially might support
you I think that that the European
Parliament elections will have a big
stake I mean I I'm I would say the
biggest ever and it's going to take
place next May
a totally new set up of commission and
and I'm pretty sure that a new set up of
European Parliament will be established
do you see some split in the European
Union or will parties like yours and
governments like yours try to change
Europe from within what I can tell you
is that we take part in the debate about
the future of the European Union there
are two concepts at least in the rivalry
in a federalist ik sovereign istic we
see how it will end we definitely take
part heavily in the debate we represent
our position Central European countries
have very similar kind of mindset in
this regard pretty much common sense I
think it's not without a good reason
that the Central European region is now
among the most successful regions of the
European Union if you look at the growth
figures for example our average growth
is twice as high as the European average
overall so we try to be a growth engine
to the to the European Union and we see
where all these debates evolve but I
think you know having the debate about
the future of EU is a very democratic
thing there are some let's say
if Hungary was not a member of the EU
and it was applying now given the things
that were in that parliamentary report
you wouldn't be accepted would you say
to the are members of the European I
know but you would have accepted now you
don't meet the criteria yeah we do
this year we do you do
foreign minister Peter C Otto thank you
for talking to Al Jazeera I appreciate
thank you for the opportunity
you
