I am for me okay and don't Malika below
today is the Commonwealth relevant tell
us what you think
weigh in using the hashtag a day stream
or comment in the YouTube chat and you
two could be industry
brings together all diamonds all parts
of the world everybody
that was a 1985 clip for Queen Elizabeth
discussing her viewpoint on the
Commonwealth of Nations 33 years later
does the organization still have a
purpose the Commonwealth was formed in
1949 as a loose Association of former
British colonies now over the years it's
grown to include countries that actually
have it no ties to the United Kingdom
where these joining nations must agree
to the broad principles of the
Commonwealth development democracy human
rights and peace this month the UK will
host a gathering of some 53 heads of
government representing about a third of
the world's population all of them
members are the Commonwealth but does
being a member matter joining us to
discuss this from London Commonwealth
Secretary General Patricia Scotland and
Nottingham ifti Sam Ahmed a PhD
candidate at the University of
Nottingham he's also a coordinator with
the Commonwealth decriminalization
campaign in Ottawa Canada Tim Shaw the
professor and the former director of the
Institute of Commonwealth studies at the
University of London and here in our
studio is Sean Thor he's a foreign
affairs reporter with the Washington
Post welcome everyone so guess there is
a scene in a film called a Monty Python
film and it says talking about the Roman
Empire one of the Romans ever done for
us and it just occurred to me what does
the Commonwealth ever done for that
Commonwealth members in a sentence now
you don't have to make it a positive
sentence but in a sentence what would
you say hm it's given us crickets and a
platform to beat defeat the British
professor Tim what does the Commonwealth
ever done for Commonwealth Marius
it's obviously advanced the lingua
franca of globalization English but it's
also advanced education health law human
rights and diasporic multiracial
multi-religious communities hmm it's
Assam it's given us a common platform to
discuss our grievances I think and
that's just as vital as the positives I
feel second you Daniel are you happy
with what you've heard so far well I
think there's a real understanding that
the Commonwealth of two-point-four
billion people 60% of whom under the age
of 30 and who share common language
common law common approach towards
democracy and institutions have probably
more relevance today than we've ever had
and for the reasons given which are
positive and an opportunity for us to
share our grievances as well
is this organization this institution
still relevant and you cover Foreign
Affairs for the Washington Post when
you're looking at it from your
perspective outside of a Commonwealth
country what's one of it well I think it
is relevant does lady scotland said for
what it culturally represents it
represents 2.4 billion people it
represents a shared history of a sort
and it represents a shared experience of
a sort but at the same time the reason
why we're really talking about the
Commonwealth right now this year is that
in the shadow of brexit it's been taken
on a particular political valence in
there in the British conversation you
have people who have cheered for
Britain's exit from the European Union
talking about reviving the Commonwealth
building an import Empire 2.0 and the
Commonwealth has become the stand-in for
Britain's new IDE new idea of itself in
the world is this way of reviving a
British project in the world and that to
me is interesting and also a bit
delusional so I think there are a few
people quite a few people online within
our community that would agree
completely with what you said I want to
share just a couple of those views this
is John on Twitter who says the
Commonwealth is an association of
unequals largely neglected for 30 years
useful every four years when Britain
wants to bathe and some imperial
nostalgia while exercising its sporting
prowess another person equally as harsh
here rakesh says the British put up no
Indians or dogs signs at clubs across
India so why are Indians still taking
part in things like the Commonwealth
Games the Commonwealth is the only club
of victims of colonialism that glorifies
their tormentors if do some I'm
wondering if you can relate or
understand where people like this are
coming from because we've got quite a
few comments
were in the same vein absolutely I come
from a post-colonial state myself become
from Bangladesh and I'm a post-colonial
scholar and there's a slightly perverse
sense of common victimhood that one sees
within a membership of the Commonwealth
I think what needs to be addressed is
whether the Commonwealth is actually
providing a platform for those kinds of
post-colonial and decolonial discussions
and in some angles perhaps they actually
are and unfortunately in some angles
they're not and I think with regards to
where the Commonwealth is relevant or
whether it has potential unfortunately
overall it might be seen as not having
it but you need to break it down into
the nuances of what the individual
conversations are I think in general
these conversations you can have there's
certain awkwardness about the
Commonwealth because people realize
where it came from it came from the old
British Empire and it's an uncomfortable
association for many well I'm really
intrigued to hear the perspective that's
being given today because I've had the
privilege in the last two years to
talking to the 53 heads of the
Commonwealth who are the Democratic
representatives of the 2.4 billion
people and they see this in a very
different way and I think everyone has
got stuck with the construct that's been
put on it as a result of brexit but I
want us to take us out a brexit and look
at what we decided what we've done
before
2016 2017 when this became an obsession
as to whether the United Kingdom was
going to come in or go out if we look at
the reality in 2015 the Commonwealth
came to the decision that they wanted to
focus on some clear objectives and
remember in 2013 the Commonwealth Heads
of Government came together and they
agreed upon the Commonwealth Charter in
which our values were inculcated and
expressed and those values are a direct
mirror of the UN sustainable development
goals that the whole world signed up to
in September of 2015 two years later and
that basically demonstrates why the
Commonwealth
important it brings together an eclectic
mix of countries big ones small ones
large ones the most advantaged
and the least advantage the biggest is
1.2 billion India some of the smallest
in the Pacific have only 11 thousand
people and that is an extraordinary
platform to make decisions and so I
think the Commonwealth has never been
more important
in 2015 we discovered there was a 19%
trading in advantage from countries who
traded one with the other within the
Commonwealth and why was that because we
have we speak the same language we have
the same common law we have the same
structure and that is going to be
exploited in a world where protectionism
is becoming increasingly important the
Commonwealth is giving every indication
that its antique protectionism and
actually understands that wealth isn't
just money
it is our values it is our our
aspirations and our opportunity to work
together as a family and that has now
been clearly demonstrated that that has
an economic value Commonwealth countries
are trading or with each other so I
understand that people who are looking
at the past see this as a construct
which is primarily British but I just
ask you to remember that there are
actually 52 other members and they see
this very differently they're looking
forward not backwards and can i
reinforce what the Secretary General has
said particularly with small island
developing States particularly for
communities around the world the
Commonwealth has facilitated a range of
migrations and diasporas and I think the
work of the Association Commonwealth
universities the Commonwealth Foundation
and particularly given what some of the
other discussions have said Commonwealth
literature and Commonwealth cultures
which you can't really put a value on
thirty-one states are small nation
states and there are only 39 in the
world
and so the Commonwealth is very much the
voice of the small state and is enabled
to put on the platform things like
climate change
it was the protocols in 1989 in the
lekawa conference and who said climate
is an existential threat and we need to
face it
it was the Commonwealth in 2015 before
the Paris agreement you said if we want
to change climate if we want to tackle
that then we have to have an enforceable
system we have to have it as two degrees
and we have to have it as 1.5 and the
important reason why they were able to
come to that conclusion is because
everybody was represented all six
regions and we were able to be the
pathway we noted you also want to talk
to you and our guests Secretary General
you mentioned the advantage of the
relationship and there's a few people
picking up on that this is Hamlet on
Twitter who says relic of imperial pass
yes useless no it's good for
international relations amongst nations
that alone is important the same way
it's important to have friends but it
will say not all members of Commonwealth
nations understand what that
relationship is really for and if it is
valuing them or benefiting them I want
to play a video comment we got from
Ranchi Lawal she's in the UK and she has
that question have a look I am a British
born Nigerian woman so technically I'm a
child well but I have to admit I'm a
little bit skeptical about the never
really understood why his practice is or
was aside from maintaining the
relationships with the United Kingdom
and its former colonies I mean a
person's great testimonies from
individuals who have been able to travel
from different colonies around the world
but in terms of Commonwealth for the
uplifting of individuals and economies
around the world I'm not entirely
convinced so it's on her pointers the
wealth is not so common in this
Commonwealth right I mean of course
there's that historical legacy of being
the creation of an empire that looted
your countries or exploited your nations
in various ways
but of course moving beyond that now a
lot of the major countries in the
Commonwealth have far bigger fish to fry
and chips to eat then then you know
thinking about their role within this
particular organization you look at
Canada it's much more interested in in
its dealings with NAFTA or its it's also
leading the way revitalizing TPP you
look at Australia it has a much more
complicated and important relationship
with China you look at India this is the
great hope of post-post brexit Britain
is a free trade deal with India India is
not likely gonna give one that's on
favourable terms to the British say you
really just have to look at the new
economics you have looked at what's
happened on world trade
we had a real slow down 2.2% growth in
GDP it's now gone up to 3.6 3.7 why has
the countries who have benefited done
well because they have invested in human
capital
what has the Commonwealth been doing
investing in human capital we just
issued in 2018 yesterday at the new 2018
trade review which clearly identifies
with good empirical data the benefit
that there is in trade we have a real
opportunity to expand it if you look at
the growth for a level we're going east
the development in the past was in the
West now it's in the East and the fact
that we share the same common law common
structions means that the whole
Commonwealth not just the UK the whole
Commonwealth can take advantage of those
opportunities and you have to remember
we are living in a really changing
environment where protectionism is
becoming the norm and it's the
Commonwealth countries who are saying we
are open to business and what's really
interesting is we are more open to each
other because we are a family mistake
economic argument for the value of the
Commonwealth right right now the
Commonwealth Games are going on let me
just show you this this picture here
from Perth for now this is Usain Bolt
who obviously is a very well-known
athlete he is there out there promoting
in Australia the common
Gaines 2018 but also on the lead up to
the Commonwealth Games in the Gold Coast
in Australia there were protesters who
were upset about being linked as
individuals to the Commonwealth have a
listen to their protest we wanted to
make it clear to the make it clear to
the world make it clear to our people
that we and we missed any strong and we
don't want nothing we don't want nothing
at the Commonwealth yeah they've stolen
the land built this country and stolen
wages built this country in the blood
and barns about people and it's about
time that is she's acknowledged in about
time their royal families who are
responsible for at all they come down
either get on they ask to be country
that's what needs to happen if to some
there are some very real issues that the
Commonwealth as a family of countries
are having to tackle right now one of
the ones which is a really big one is lb
TQ rights
how does 50 out of 53 countries even
begin to tackle that and they say winter
development democracy human rights and
peace this is our mission this is our
platform how are they doing I think with
regards to lgbtq+ rights in particular
it's a very interesting legacy that's
been left behind because the vast
majority of the countries within the
Commonwealth 37 of them continue to make
homosexual intimacy criminal act but the
reason they do that is because of a
common law that was introduced under
British colonialism in 1860 these are of
course post-colonial States and in many
cases they are do their own
responsibilities to change that but the
global trend of entrenching homophobia
can't be ignored either what's been
happening with regards to the
Commonwealth is a coalition known as the
Commonwealth equality network which is a
coalition of lgbtq+ grassroots
organizations that are working together
and they have a really interesting role
because on the one hand many of these
groups are illegal in their own
jurisdictions they're illegal
their own home countries they often have
to act it out an MCN through discretion
but what they also don't want is a case
of countries like the UK where being
homosexual is no longer a criminal
offense what they don't want is those
countries to come in and kind of swoop
in and save them that's not the role of
the Commonwealth and that shouldn't be
the role of the Commonwealth what the
Equality Network really is doing is
providing a platform for these
individuals and these groups to speak up
not as victims and not as people who are
being abused and exploited by historic
relic but as individuals with agency and
nuance and that is something that I
think the Commonwealth can provide a
really powerful platform for and I can I
we just yet and I just reinforced this I
was proud to be part of the Commonwealth
chaga min in both the Trinidad and in
Uganda and in the side of those
discussions particularly around the
Commonwealth Foundation were indeed
important discussions about these very
issues of sexual orientation and I think
the Commonwealth has likewise played an
important role in terms of putting
issues of religion and fundamentalisms
and socialization on the agenda through
its human rights and law and and gender
connections we haven't yet mentioned
although obviously we're pleased to have
the first female Secretary General the
Commonwealth has also been in the
avant-garde in terms of women's issues I
think I think sorry I just want to add
though that I think it's very vital to
take the Equality network as a very
important model for these discussions
because what the Equality Network allows
for is a plural pluralism and a
multitude of contexts and sometimes
that's left out even in the economic
discussion although there is a lot of
development that isn't universal across
the Commonwealth and there's a danger
perhaps in saying a success and saying
that's across all 53 countries that's
not the case and we would be very very
remiss to think of it that way as well
so we need to remind ourselves of the
context and we need to remind ourselves
with the pluralism that's at stake here
just jump in for a second just I think
that the Commonwealth has an incredibly
powerful and important story to tell
some of the commenters have been saying
though there is in Britain and elsewhere
I mean particularly in Britain a lack of
full understanding of the imperial past
there's been a lack of because what how
how would you I mean I this has been a
discussion of a pretty hot topic of late
that there is inadequate understanding
of what Britain has done in its past and
I think the Commonwealth could be a
great vehicle of Education of
information of redressing of changing
the narrative and and by doing so better
integrating these these countries yeah
it's interesting you mention that I want
to bring this in live on YouTube Coco
says please I need this question to be
answered if a great majority of the
Commonwealth were developed would the
nature of the organization be the same
so that's a question that's sort of
answered online already Huff's I hear on
Twitter says that the Commonwealth is a
gentler way of holding on to the empire
that was letting the world know those
countries gained something from Britain
but one of the benefits for Commonwealth
countries is the boost they get in the
education and humanitarian sectors we
actually heard from someone who
specifically spoke to us about that
boost we got a video comment from Harry
a pinda and he explains how it's
benefited him of course the Cornwallis
history isn't very good and we know that
the Commonwealth history was based on
colonialism I think it's important for
us to to use those those links that have
that I've created all these countries
all across the world and actually how
they can be a powerhouse for change and
I think it's important then we don't
necessarily just get rid of this concept
because if its history but actually use
it as a powerful tool to develop the
world so Tim he sees it as a powerful
tool what do you make a bath if I may
just indicate if it's in indicative that
there are still countries lining up to
join the Commonwealth and I think the
Commonwealth has played an important
role in terms of bringing indigenous
communities can do Australia India etc
together these are things that
United Nations the EU and other
communities play a much less creative
and important role compared to the
Commonwealth's dr. Jenna I just want to
play this to you this is the in the
1980s Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher
at the time explained how important the
Queen is to the Commonwealth have a
listen to what she said back then the
interesting thing is as we have a
Commonwealth conference the Queen
actually does not attend either the
opening or any sessions and yet she is
very much there because the most
important thing to many of the
representatives here is the audience
which each of them goes and has with the
Queen during the course of the
conference and the most important event
is when we all get together when the
Queen gives a dinner in honor of all
heads of government and I think come
with out that a close link with her
without the feeling that when each prime
minister or president goes into the
Queen that she knows their problems has
known them over many many years that
she's interested but she knows them not
only their national problem she knows
them in relation to those in other
countries of the Commonwealth Secretary
General I'm just looking here on your
Twitter feed and we retweeted the royal
family and this is you meeting the Queen
with a corgi how invested is she still
right now in the Commonwealth what did
she tell you
I think Majesty loves the Commonwealth
and that's the biggest unkept secret in
the world and her dedication over the
last 60 years has been quite remarkable
and you have to remember that Her
Majesty was a young Queen and was
perhaps one of the first demonstrations
of a young woman ledin people forget
that that has been so for the last 60
years and she's been a real exemplar
because if you look at what happened
over apartheid in South Africa Majesty
was very much the queen of the whole
Commonwealth and not just the queen of
the United Kingdom all right so this is
this this is what I'm wondering and Tim
you you can you can chime in here so the
Queen is very invested she's being very
invested income wealth
very long time who becomes the next head
of the Commonwealth that is an
interesting question is it not him yes
will it and and I was going to say that
she actually became Queen when she was
in Kenya so there all sorts of
Commonwealth Connections the
Commonwealth has its own structures both
into governmental and non-governmental
and I wouldn't venture to this is a
question who could be the next head of
the come off could it be one of the
Commonwealth countries does it have to
be a member of the royal family the
decision is made by the 53 heads of the
Commonwealth it's their decision
interesting mineka douglas on Twitter
says the Commonwealth has the ability to
reinvent itself to reflect a changing
world it Sean do you think that a
reinvention is what's needed here or a
scrapping of the whole thing certainly I
think a revenge will be fascinating I
think it's a there's no need to scrap
the Commonwealth it's an important
historic institution but to reflect its
current moment it would be fascinating
to see it be decentralized from Britain
see in operation Co headquarters in
Lagos or Delhi or a crow or wherever
that would be interesting and never a
dull moment you know if this is about
2.4 billion people shift the center of
gravity east or south or places to
places that are part of the as much part
of the global conversation as Britain is
if not more so now and that would be a
great reflection of for the 21st century
Wow I have to say thank you to each and
to professor Timothy Shaw to imitational
Ahmed and the Secretary General of the
Commonwealth Patricia's Scotland it's
been a pleasure just talking about such
an old institution and where might it go
next the conversation continues online a
hashtag a day stream thanks for watching
take everybody
