an unceremonious end what could have
been a life-changing trip the first
contingent of deporting hundreds of
illegal Afghan migrants started on
Sunday forming an orderly queue in El
ziram Airport in northeastern Turkey
these migrants are chance to back to
their home country part of a deal
between Ankara Kabul to send all 3,000
Afghan migrants from Aires Iran back one
person who's recently arrived back in
Afghanistan is Nazaruddin like most
refugees he was hoping to get a better
job to look after his family of 12 yeah
one of the reasons that I went to Turkey
was because of the daily explosions and
suicide bombing in Kabul one explosion
would shut down the businesses nearby
for two weeks we got used to seeing
people in the mornings but with no
guarantee of seeing them again in the
evening he shows us the websites and
Afghan adverts offering Turkish visas
and residency cards for three thousand
US dollars however he taught the cheaper
and well trodden path pain smugglers
instead the standard fee for Afghans is
between 1,000 and 1,300 dollars
he describes walking through deserts and
mountains until cross an Iranian border
with Kurdish smugglers from there he was
driven in an airless container packed
with around 150 people including whole
families on the journey which had held
such high hopes for him those were
dashed fast while armed a bazooka
miron of young Afghans who tried to go
to Turkey are committing a big mistake
they don't understand the pain of going
through illegal routes sometimes walking
for hours and freezing cold running or
falling especially on crossing the
Iranian border where nearly 90% do it
illegally I've experienced the mountain
crossing where I've seen dead bodies of
people who died at first so many bodies
of Afghans dying there
he is now back in Kabul and is running a
restaurant setting local dishes his
desire for a new life in Turkey is now a
jaded memory Hanna hawkster al Jazeera
