a crucial moment for the Emir of Qatar
he means the man who just a few months
ago publicly sided with his country's
regional rivals but in the White House a
clear sign of chapter being turned much
it's a great honor to have the Emir of
Qatar with us it's a friend of mine knew
him long before I entered the world of
politics he's a great gentleman he's
very popular in his country his people
love him we're working on unity in that
part of the Middle East and I think it's
working out very well the immediate host
country is under blockade by Saudi
Arabia the UAE Egypt and Bahrain
reiterated his commitment to build a
strong relationship with Washington our
economic partnership is more than 125
billion and our aim and goal is to
double it in the next coming years our
military cooperation is very solid very
strong as everybody know that the heart
of fighting terrorism is from our
database last year Donald Trump accused
Qatar alone the financing extremism now
he says all of the Gulf rivals have a
part to play those countries are
stopping the funding of terrorism that
includes UAE and includes Saudi Arabia
it includes guitar and others you've now
become a very big advocate we
appreciated the events in Syria we'll
also need the top of the agenda the US
administration is said to be seriously
considering airstrikes following alleged
chemical attacks by Syrian Army in Duma
on the outskirts of Damascus the
president and the Emir are 1 in blaming
Syria's Assad for the alleged atrocity
and 7 years of war we can't tolerate
with a war criminal we cannot tolerate
was someone who kills more than half a
million of his own people and this
matter should end immediately but US
officials are concerned the ongoing GCC
crisis could undermine a coordinated
push to end the Syrian conflict
they still talk of Trump leading a
summit meeting to end the almost
year-long diplomatic standoff but
divisions among the rivals persist this
is a significant moment for the Emir of
Qatar ten months ago President Trump
singled out Qatar accusing it of funding
extremism
now the Emir of Qatar is being commanded
by the same president and top US
military commanders for fighting
terrorism and promoting stability in the
Middle East
Hodgman bara al Jazeera Washington DC
