an ambitious process of consulting the
Libyan people is underway it's hoped
this will end the turmoil that's plagued
the country since the end of Gaddafi's
rule in 2011 but can Libyans agree on
their future and what impact of foreign
powers having on the process this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Martine Dennis now Libya has been riven
by a plethora of problems ever since
mama Gaddafi was removed central
authority is broken down and the country
has a myriad of militias with a
multitude of tribal loyalties add to
that the outside players the foreign
powers with their own interests in Libya
and you have a recipe for chaos several
rounds of peace talks have resulted in
little Libya is divided with two
governments one in the West and the
other in the East but a new UN bat
consultative process aims to break the
stalemate from oil revenues to powers of
future government and disarming the
militias Libyans are having their say on
the major issues that affect them in
these public consultations that are
being organized by the center for
humanitarian dialogue and it's hoped
that this process can pave the way for
elections by the end of the year we'll
get the thoughts of our guests in just a
moment first mahmoud al were heard
reports from the Libyan capital Tripoli
these meetings are supposed to be held
in several Libyan cities and we'll
gather all categories of the Libyan
society especially those who have not
got a chance to take part in the Libyan
current political landscape and I'm
optimistic about this conference
hopefully we will have a reconciliation
in place and then we can return to the
good old days we are one nation after
all we hope these talks will achieve
reconciliation between tribes and cities
so that we can be one hand in one state
with one government and one people all
the stakeholders should be one man they
should speak openly to each other that's
the way it should always appeal also the
meetings will gather formal rebels those
who support renegade general Khalifa
Haftar
minorities municipality heads even those
who support the former regime of Muammar
Gaddafi and the aim of all these
meetings is to come up with a
solution to the Libyan crisis after
gathering as many opinions as possible
all right let's take a closer look at
how we got here a 2015 UN brokered deal
led to the formation of a national unity
government based in Tripoli but a rival
administration backed by the renegade
general halifa after in the East didn't
recognize it the two sides finally
agreed to a ceasefire and to hold
elections after they met in Paris in
July last year hosted by President
mackerel two months later a new UN envoy
for Libya Hassan Salameh a Lebanese
veteran diplomat well-versed in Arab
politics revived peace negotiations but
a new round of talks held in Tunisia
late last year revealed the divisions
were as deep as ever and it ended
without agreement okay let's introduce
our guests now in Tripoli we have saleh
al baku sh a political analyst and
advisor to the tripoli based House of
Representatives in Northampton in
England we have goomar al gore ma t a
member of the Libyan political dialogue
that delivered the Libyan Political
Agreement of 2015 and in Geneva we have
Chris Abbas Thornton Libya program
manager at the Center for humanitarian
dialogue thank you all very much indeed
for joining us Christopher can I start
with you this is essentially your
process isn't it how extensive is the
process of consultation going to be
there are six million or so Libyans how
many are you actually going to be
speaking to this I would contest the
fact that this is HDS process this is
actually in fact Libyan LED process HD
has been able to provide support to the
process but in all of the meetings we've
we've conducted they've been conducted
in collaboration with Libyan
institutions with Libyan participants
with Libyan people engaged actively in
the process the question is you know how
much of a genuine expression of Libyan
political will are you able to get by
these consultation
processes that you've launched I mean
how what's the format likely to be so so
far we've conducted events in or in six
locations throughout the country so
everywhere from shuara and the Far West
today there is an event and Catherine
which is over a thousand kilometers
south of Tripathi so you can see that we
are reaching populations who've never
been reached before who've never been
consulted who've never been able to make
their views Herot so you know the
process is not going to be perfect and
as I said HD is supporting the process
but we rely upon the goodwill and the
participation of the Libyan people to
make it a success but so far we've been
really impressed by the level of
participation the level of engagement
and also the fact that people seem very
keen to make their views heard and to
try and contribute constructively to
finding a solution to the crisis and can
I come to salah in tripoli what do you
think of this process then as
christopher says it is it seems to have
been welcomed enthusiastically by a
great deal of Libyans I would
respectively spectrally disagree with my
friend Chris that the process lacks
transparency and lacks coherence let me
tell you next transparency we have no
idea who has selected the people that
will attend and Chris cannot tell us
how's that happened next
HD when it organized I'll give you an
example organized a meeting in Montreux
near Geneva last month I was invited and
I was shocked to see in the meeting more
than eight members of the Horm Tobruk
and not a single member from the State
Council which is the other party to the
Political Agreement so you're suggesting
today you're suggesting that it's not
balanced is that the president have know
the process let me let me give you a
concrete evidence of this I mean we
heard now that who made the invitations
to each meeting is the is the Municipal
Council in Benghazi were one of these
meetings was held on the fifth the
municipal council
is led by a military appointed mayor
after the the elected mayor had to leave
the city fearing for his life he's in
Tripoli now the elected mayor and now a
military appointed mayor is now making
the invitations to the consultative
meeting in Benghazi riot remove just do
it to the coherence of it can I can I
just told you that he complained that
they had no hand
sorry Salah can I just ask you to to
pause for a moment there is a bit of a
delay on the line but before we go back
to Christopher because I know
Christopher wants to respond to that
let's hear the views of Goom alga mati
talking to us from Northampton what do
you think do you think that this is a
credible process or do you think as
solid as that is actually skewed well I
think we are working on parallel tracks
we have this track of societal debate if
you like horizontal bottom-up debate
between Libyans which hopefully will at
the end of it deliver national
reconciliation and this obviously track
the these national debates is obviously
helped by the center for human debate in
Geneva and I think their contribution is
is welcomed and is positive and I know
they have contributed a lot to Libya
over the last few years but this is this
track is not the main political track
this is not an alternative to other two
crucially important tracks and these are
the political track which is trying to
amend the Libyan Political Agreement we
signed in Morocco in December 2015 and
try to get a government of national
Accord and a presidential council
working more effectively again possibly
by scaling it down the presidential
Council to only three instead of nine so
that's the political track but there is
also equally an important other parallel
track and that's the constitutional
track we have a draft constitution that
have been signed and ready since last
summer and a lot of people in Libya and
Chris will hear from a lot of these
debates now in very
astounds including in my own town city
of Guardian few days ago he will hear
from that that they want a referendum on
it and a constitution first before we
can go into any permanent election so
the constitutional tract is also
important where people are demanding
that that draft constitution would has
been prepared and ready and it needs to
be put to the Libyan people for a
referendum as stipulated by the okay go
man let's get back once the Libyan let's
go back to Christopher now and
Christopher so you've heard some some
fairly robust criticisms of the process
but what exactly how exactly are the
results from the consultation process
likely to feed in to the political
consultation that you are also helping
to to get underway not to mention that
the constitutional process as well the
governor's just mentioned yeah I think
as mr. Gomati
underlined the whole objective of this
process is not to replace the existing
institutions and the ongoing processes
but to help reinforce them and inform
them with the views of actual Libyans so
we're trying to consult have very much a
bottom-up process of consultation where
we consult as many Libyan people as
possible in order to help reinforce and
and support and move forward the the
ongoing processes led by a Sri Sri
Salome and SRC Salome has made it very
clear and he made clear very today that
the outcomes of this process will be
taken both as a steer for domestic
policy but also as a steer for
international policy visibly Libya
finally to respond to mr. Baucus there
are multiple ways to participate in the
in this process and we invite all Libyan
people to participate in this process
and as I said already it will not be a
success unless there is an active
participation of living people the
process you can contribute either by
attending meetings town hall meetings
held throughout the country there is
also going to be meetings held
internationally for Libyans who are not
inside Libya and finally you can also
contribute electronically in the website
multi-car botany dot ly so people are
free to send their contributions and
people have already begun sending their
traditions and offering to organize
meetings in their own localities and so
we're very very pleased with the uptake
that we've seen among Libyan people
Salah what do you think is that you
don't look very impressed
no no because because Chris is leaving
the question open I mean in these
meetings the most important question is
who selects the attendees on what basis
who selects the issues to be discussed
and on what basis I mean the meeting in
Benghazi ended up with people
complaining about HD handing down a
meeting agenda and it's asking more than
a hundred people to discuss the security
issue liber8 in one and a half hour and
the constitutional issue in Libya in one
and a half hour all right let me how
could that be possible
all right well let's move on now to the
to the other issue there is an ambition
maybe me because can tell us how is this
done do you want to respond to that
quickly Chris because then I really
would like to get on to the issue of
elections which are it's hoped will be
held this year but Chris go first please
sure thank you very much and that's a
very valid criticism obviously you can
have a meaningful debate with that
number of people in such a short amount
of time that's why the event that was
held on Thursday in Benghazi was
actually the launch of the discussions
in Benghazi and there are multiple
discussions we we publicized the events
that we're going on in Benghazi on
Saturday there are planned events taking
place all of this week and all of next
week so it's you shouldn't see these
events as one-off isolated occurrences
where people are asked to pronounce on
obviously vital questions for their
country in a very short space of time
rather they should be seen as ways to
launch a debate to engage people to get
them to start talking about issues and
as I said they can feed back to us in a
number of different a number of
different ways and everything is of
course broadcast complete transparently
so it has been broadcast live on
television we'll also put the reports in
minutes of all of the meetings on our
website and anyone who wishes to to
consult either the meetings
the minutes of the meetings footage of
the meetings etc is is welcome to do so
alright let's move on now to the issue
of elections which it is perhaps
optimistic come out and let's come to
you in Northampton is it overly
optimistic to to even hope to have a
democratic election held in Libya today
when you still got more than a thousand
militias basically controlling the
streets and personal security is perhaps
at an all-time low well I personally
said and wrote that having elections in
this year 2018 is his way over
optimistic but not just me I mean human
rights watch the well respected the
international organization said that
it's almost impossible to hold elections
in Libya in this year because the
environment is not there the conditions
the conducive conditions to hold
transparent and fair and free elections
that everybody will respect the outcome
of is not really there yet but that's
not the main issue that one problem the
main problem for many Libyans is which
elections are we going to have are we
going to have elections for a new
Parliament and a president before we
have a constitution which means we are
going for a fourth transitional period
which is me which means we are just
prolonging the same the status quo more
more divided governments more like weak
legitimacy and so on or are we going to
go for a constitution first which we
have the draft ready it needs to be put
to a referendum by the Libyan people if
they approve it by two-thirds then we
have a permanent Constitution that
provides the utmost the most important
supreme political legitimacy for a new
political system and political order
following the approval of that
Constitution then that Constitution will
stipulate what elections we will have we
will have presidential and parliamentary
elections and all the conditions and so
on and also by going for a constitution
first that will give us a bit of a time
to prepare the environment politically
security wise economically to really
have minimum meaningful and successful
and better chance of
success of Elections after the
Constitution my personal outlook is that
maybe we could have a referendum on a
constitution this year and maybe
presidential and parliamentary elections
by the middle of next year if not if not
later
all right Salah in Tripoli what do you
think because of course the sequencing
of this process is is hugely important
and Germer has has outlined exactly how
he thinks the sequence of events should
should go what are your thoughts well my
thought I share Gemma's concerns I don't
think we are anywhere near elections
this year for example I mean security
situation in Benghazi does not allow me
as a sinner as a resident of Benghazi
born in Benghazi my great-grandfather is
from Benghazi to go back to Benghazi
just last month a mr. aruz who's a
colonel in Hefner's army put in his
facebook that saliva Koosh I'm gonna
track you personally and I'm gonna shoot
you sir percival hurting isn't gonna
have elections in because it's secondly
mr. sir no I was going to say sir
personal security is is a very serious
mr. Salim in Benghazi yes now the second
issue is that without a constitution
what are you gonna do elections based on
what
and mr. Salama continues to send mixed
signals in his report to the Security
Council s last month we were hopeful
because mr. Salim has said the Supreme
Court said its word that the
Constitution should go to a referendum
and now when you look at the agenda that
Chris and HD have sent down they are
putting part of the agenda fund
discussion of fundamental issues in the
Constitution so what's that mean okay
Chris the Constitution is there is now
open for discussion again on what
Christopher this is this is for you to
answer them really it sounds very much
from our two Libyan guests that the
process is being speeded along maybe
rather precipitously and that could
spell disaster if the country isn't
ready for the elections there's no point
having them yeah I think that mr. bekku
sure mr. namazi are absolutely right if
elections were held today there would be
a potential for renewed violence
elections are inherently divisive things
that you winners and losers and in fact
one of the principal objectives of the
National Conference process is to find
rather common ground and commonalities
between Libyan people to improve the
climate for national reconciliation and
thereby to bring about the conditions in
which elections can be can be held we
have no interest in holding elections
today which would not be accepted which
would divide the country which would
cause route violence I think that the
conditions for a peaceful and free and
fair elections need to be put in place
before those elections are held right
and that's precisely the objective of
the motor-car what can I jump in there
because we are running out of time and I
want to cover another issue and that is
the role of foreign powers many powers
are involved either directly or
indirectly in Libya today and let me go
to you first Salah in Tripoli I mean I'm
just wondering what sort of efforts are
underway to minimize if not completely
remove the influence of outside powers
in Tripoli in this process nothing I
mean the Emirates still hold sway
supported by France and it's work is
done by CC and there are and and there
are people in there and Libya we haven't
done anything the u.s. which is the only
country that has enough carrots and
sticks to do anything is busy with other
things and Libya is not on its radar
completely and so we are now of a sense
ulema as a representative of the United
Nations
reflects the balance of power and the
so-called international community which
is swayed by the Emirates and is that
what you think as well as you myrrh in
Northampton do you feel that
the imprint if you like of the outside
players in Libya today is still far too
strong and that that is hampering the
process for Libya to heal itself and
moves to move towards a new constitution
and elections well look we had six UN
special envoys in six years in Libya and
all of them their job was made very
difficult by very detrimental negative
interference specially regional
intervene especially from some Arab
countries it seems that some Arab
countries are absolutely determined to
make sure that they shape the new Libya
that's going to emerge into their own
mode and the way they wanted and they
want to make sure that they instill
their own people to be there in power so
that they can serve these countries
interests this is this is really the
crux of the matter this is this is
running against Libyan interests our own
interests intrinsic interest is to have
national unity to have national
reconciliation to have Libyans around
the country Libyans shaped the country
the way we wanted for the future so yes
regional interference is hampering has
been very negative very detrimental
unfortunately big countries like the
u.s. the EU and Russia they could not do
much or curtail these regional Arab
negative interferences that's one thing
but however this can be offset by what
the Chris and his center in Geneva is
doing now helping with the national
reconciliation because these societal
bottom-up dialogues if they can deliver
at the end of it a big a crucial
national reconciliation maybe that
Russian conciliation will actually limit
the effect of the negative detrimental
regional interference so that Libyans
will come closer together and will not
listen to those countries who are trying
to use some Libyans as proxies to spoil
it for us so national reconciliation
will be important it will underpin any
political process and the political
process should be based on a
constitutional track and process as well
if we can get our priorities right then
hopefully we can make it and we can get
there and we can succeed Christopher
final words you know and can I ask you
to be brief please there's a mountain to
climb quite clearly
how how do you hope that this process of
consultation is going to what what do
you hope it will yield in practical
terms
I think mr. Gomati hit the nail on the
head I mean the the voice that has been
missing so far and decision-making
processes regarding Libya has been the
voice of the Libyan people and the idea
of this process is to bring the voice of
the Libyan people from all four corners
of the country from places that have
until now not been heard to bring that
up to the international level and mr.
selami has committed to the fact that he
will bring the voice of the Libyan
people as represented by this process to
the highest international levels and
through that to come to an end to this
to this ongoing crisis this tragic
crisis thank you all very much indeed
saleh al baku SH in Tripoli Juma al
gamma T in North Hampton and Christopher
Thornton in Geneva thank you all very
much indeed really interesting
conversation and as ever thank you for
watching the program if you want to see
it again any time you can go to the
website aljazeera.com should you want
more discussion you can always get it by
going to our Facebook page
that's at facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story and there's always the
Twittersphere as well our handle is at
AJ inside story I'm at Martine Dennis
say from me and the whole team here in
Doha it's better now
you
