Tomahawk missiles launched by the US
military hit this Syrian Air Base on the
morning of April 7 2017 it was the first
time the United States directly targeted
Syrian government forces since the start
of the conflict the raid was in response
to this president Donald Trump said the
sharat airbase was used to launch a
chemical weapons attack over 100 people
among them women and children were
killed in a northern town of khan
shaykhun the base was damaged but apart
from that the strike didn't weaken the
government or its allies and it didn't
prevent further chemical attacks the
latest on Saturday night reportedly
killed dozens of people in the town of
Duma a suburb of Damascus Moscow says
opposition rebels staged the attack to
justify military action against the
Syrian government the US disagrees Trump
has promised to retaliate by your cousin
done president Trump will have to carry
out a strike but he has limited options
he cannot cross Russia's red line they
will have to coordinate any strike with
the Russians like they did in the attack
on the Sharad airbase if not there could
be escalation some 2,000 US troops are
in Northeast Syria and the location of
their bases in the Kurdish region are
known Russia has warned the u.s. of what
it called the grave consequences if it
targets Syrian government forces many
believe Trump cannot back down he has
made public statements and threats so
some sort of military action is expected
but the action is likely to be limited
in scale and scope because if it is a
wide operation or if it's threatened
Syrian President Bashar al Assad's hold
on power it would risk open
confrontation with his backers Russia
and Iran Syrian government forces and
their allies are now on alert
they have reportedly moved out of their
bases and evacuated military positions
but Washington is reportedly studying
the possibility of a multinational
military response we are clear that
responsible should be held to account
with as I say working urgently with our
allies to assess what has happened we
were also working with our allies on any
action that is necessary the u.s.
reportedly gave Russia advance warning
before last year's strike that allowed
the Syrian military to move its assets
this time around trump is warning Russia
and Iran that they too can be held
accountable the stakes are high but few
expect the response to be a game changer
XANA hoda al Jazeera Beirut
