hi I'm Sami okay and I'm Malika Bilal
and you're in the stream on al-jazeera
and on youtube today hunger is a
right-wing nationalist Prime Minister
and his ruling party are savoring a
third consecutive election victory we
examine what that means for the country
Viktor Orban and his Fidesz party has
capitalized on an anti-immigration
platform to once again sweep aside an
opposition that had dare to dream things
would be different this time
with the liberal opposition fractured
and uncertain Fidesz played up
aberrantly anti-migrant narrative that's
unsettled other EU member states here's
just one example of the attitudes that
came to dominate food essays campaign in
this clip all bands chief of staff Janos
Lazar criticizes immigration into the
Austrian capital Vienna this reality
elvira she forgot about me and give you
a libelous on football for banget you
cook at ich
lakenya vanishing what I call an issue -
Seguin adesh most whistle it's not that
my battleship in Romania classical
correct as many a man that has affair
what my god the early results suggest
that Fidesz took two-thirds of
parliamentary seats that's enough to
allow constitutional changes alliser's
Jonah hole is in Budapest and has more
on Urban's win it was in fact a
testament to his own policies to
economic policies that have seen big
rises in average wages here in the last
eight years also to his changes of the
Constitution to the electoral law that
has made it harder for small divided
opposition parties to challenge the big
ones and there are fears he may be about
to go further moving on the voices of
opposition with new laws targeting NGOs
and civil society fears even that he may
move to threaten the Independence of the
judiciary so what happens to hungry now
for more on this were joined from
Budapest by Lily Bayer she's a
journalist at Politico Europe the
bolshevik she's a journalist at the
Hungarian conservative weekly magazine
Hetty valise he's also in Budapest and
Gabor toca is also in the Hungarian
capital he is a political science
professor at Central European University
and also an activist with the grassroots
common country movement hello
everybody's good to have you here so
Femi we got so many comments from people
online about this and they range from
people saying I'm a static some people
saying I am ashamed about the election
outcome this is Steve Valentine he's one
of the estatic people he says I'm in
Hungary this is great news for Hungary
and for Europe so relieved that Orban
has remained our freedom our rights and
our culture have been preserved on the
other side of that spectrum volonteer
says it's confirmed at least every
second adult in my country is a
straight-up fascist I could not be more
ashamed every second Hungarian adult
believes that asylum seekers are the
animals that Fidesz portrays them as so
bulge seeing those two viewpoints there
how much did the anti-immigrant
sentiment that blend here on Twitter
talks about play into this election
result in your view well I would say
quite this was if not the only one but
certainly one of the
the most most important talking points
of the government during the whole
campaign it was very heated it was very
outspoken it was partly untrue I would
say but certainly it's touched upon the
let's say dark side or the shady side of
the Hungarian soil so much can you smell
that out you see there's a couple of
euphemisms there heat it dark side
unpack it for us what were you hearing
what were you seeing in this campaign
well certainly I haven't seen any
campaigns like this before during my
whole life observing the Hungarian
elections or referendum campaigns this
is really really outspoken the stakes
for puts really high not just on the
government side but on the opposition
and well the government which has much
of the measures to use use the media or
use the advertisement surfaces just just
use these advantage and certainly it
worked well I'm trying to drag this out
us about you maybe you can help me out
here this is a billboard on my laptop
here and it says it's part of the
government campaign leading up to the
votes has that happened over the weekend
it says on on this billboard the UN
wants us to accept migrants on a
continuous basis capital letters
shouting hungry decides not the UN and
then the UN High Commissioner for Human
Rights says this is just basically
racism we are seeing that as you're
reporting on this election Lily well I
think that Prime Minister or bond for
the past few years has adopted a
political strategy well he always feels
like he needs to have an external enemy
so he used to have a billboard campaign
called
stop Brussels then he had one called
softer rose and then he had one against
the United Nations it's essentially the
exact same formula over and over again
and the idea is to convince Hungarian
voters but there are nefarious forces
outside the country that want to
undermine Hungarian national interest
and who don't have ponderings best
interest at heart and that
therefore Prime Minister or ban and his
party needs to fight these external
interests on behalf of Hungarians and
therefore Hungarians need to vote for
does mmm I'm just wondering professor
well the mood is like in a hungry right
now earlier today we spoke to some
Hungarians on the street to see how they
felt about the election results have a
listen to this I'm interested in your
take if the country has decided you have
to accept it if the election system is
set up so that you can get 2/3 of the
majority with just 49 percent of the
votes what can you do with it at the
moment you are developing large kanaky
skeletal again this is what should have
happened we are happy with it because we
are not really interested in immigrants
and that's what was at stake now because
no state would well the government is
successfully implemented it's hate
campaign they planted hatred in people's
hearts which is very sad professor that
discus there's a tiny sample of just a
couple of people on that street but if
you could describe the atmosphere and
hungry today what would you say is the
government science is turbulent that
they have regained their ability to
change any loophole at their will
without consulting anyone
the country has a unicameral parliament
and that a two-thirds majority can can
change any Lok and basically replace any
public official or discontinue the
office of that official so it's a fairly
unproven to be a power if it's you which
can be which is not elected in a
proportional Bay where of any establish
democracy dagur probably the exceptional
power particles that would have such a
system that such Berkeley meteoroid have
an accurate system can produce from 49%
of the popular vote a majority that is
capable of filtering any law in the
country so party for this reason of
course the election was very heated
tensions run high and as you can see the
times-tribune on the other side has
doubts about the integrity of the
electorate process has outs about and
the credibility of an election result
where there was no debate which could be
two sides at all where once I had
extremely limited media access the
government side they changed regulations
even during the campaign in arguably
unconstitutional base at points they
limited to admittedly the ability of the
opposition to use posters really
campaign the the opposition has
basically no access mark media to sixty
seventy percent of the population
because say because you the news
entirely from sources that are owned by
oligarchs closely connected to become
mentor from these things television and
c3po channel each returning to fighting
against watch yes if I could just add
something so what the professor said is
well large it through I would just like
to mention that the clip that was just
played was shot in Budapest and
certainly there were the critical voice
in majority but if you look on the
countryside the division between the
capital and the countryside couldn't be
more obvious than it was now let's just
allow me to mention that the 88 seats
there were decided on the countryside 85
of them were were gone to fit us and
it's true that in the capital two-thirds
of the seats from the 18 parliamentary
seats were taken by the opposition more
could be taken according to their their
critical voice to hurts each other which
was really outspoken today so this is
the opinion of the citizens of the
capital but if you go to the countryside
it's quite loud and clear
so Bolton I'm glad you raised that
because we got these couple of tweets
from Tomas
he says similar to international trends
Hungary is now divided into a left-wing
progressive capital city
and a populist right conservative
countryside Orban's anti-migrant
rhetoric is a huge success quote-unquote
in villages but not in Budapest but he
goes on to raise a point that the
professor just raised
he says the access to unbiased and
non-governmental information news is
very limited in the countryside Lilly
I'm wondering if you can pick up on that
point and how people are getting their
news and their headlines about this
hearty access to information is a huge
problem here so I think that the Twitter
user was correct and that in the
countryside a lot of people especially
older voters and small towns and
villages rely heavily on media that is
completely filtered by the government so
oligarchs close to prime minister or
bond owned 100% of all regional print
newspapers an election day I went out to
one provincial town not too far PFF and
I walked into a coffee shop and I looked
at the stack of newspapers there and
every single one of them was owned by an
oligarch close to the government I did
not have any articles regarding alleged
corruption by government officials or
anything else that was critical of a
government policy and yet I should add
that when I went to talk to voters and
at Saint town as they were leaving
polling places they were not all feed us
voters most of them were and most of
them said yes the government is right
and what we read in the paper is right
migration is the number one issue but
some of them more quietly did say that
they take issue with feed us that they
see the feed us oligarchs is domination
of parts of the economy and corrupt
practices they see it firsthand some of
them in fact works for companies that
are owned by the oligarchs and that as a
result even though they don't feel very
free to express their opinion in these
small towns they do just agree with the
majority so much I found this on your
Twitter feed and it's a tweet about you
being happy to have participated at the
election in Hungary and with a record
turnout smiley face hungry national flag
there
well now let you look at this incredible
victory again for the third time what is
possible what can Fidesz actually do
well the short answer is basically
everything the smiley face was was
attached to my feeling that that my
compatriots were really going in a
record number I would say since 1990 so
it's around 70% of turnout so the smiley
face went to it and well many
commentators influencers or political
scientists raised the issue that the
higher turns that turnout favors the
opposition well it was just totally the
contrary because the mobilization
campaign in the last days by fetus was a
stunning success let me just mention
that it was quite a proverb if I may
that fetus is only 2 or 2.2 million
waters this is their base which couldn't
be enlarged well according to the final
results the water the waters are about
exactly 2.5 million so this is really
something no one could have expected
Mallika you know we got this tweet here
from Steve Valentine who says you can
never please everyone you need to look
at the stats of Hungary since being run
by Orban wages and pensions are up GDP
is up unemployment is down utility bills
are down the stats show Orban delivers
it's as simple as that
we're very happy hence the landslide
victory Lilly there are clearly people
who feel as Steve does can you talk to
us about some of the successes perhaps
of the party yes so the party indeed
does appeal to a lot of people
especially pensioners who have very
small pensions and grew up under
communism and now feel like perhaps they
were not winners of trend a transition
to capitalist
when I go to the ruling party's Town
Hall's when politicians go to talk to
these core feeders voters most of the
time they are over 95% pensioners who
come to listen to feed as politicians
and fit their enthusiastic way in class
and the reason is that they're the
biggest beneficiaries of who these these
programs the pension raises the utility
bill cuts they really enjoy that and
they also like the fact that Corbin
provides a semblance of stability they
don't like change very much so they like
the message but we don't want outsiders
and hungry everything will stay the same
our population will stay the same and we
will continue as we always were but I
should say that not all Hungarian share
this view in fact hundreds of thousands
of Hungarians have moved to Western
Europe and if you go to London London I
believe is the second largest Hungarian
city perhaps by population there is
simply so many Hungarians living there
actually I was just thinking as I was
scrolling through your Twitter feed just
to see how you've been reporting on this
you've also been reporting some of the
protests that have been happening the
anti organ protests and I'm just looking
through some of those stories right now
professor I'm just wondering about the
opposition right now
Jonah hole when he was doing our update
about how the election result turned out
panned out he said that some people are
fearful are you one of those people no
I'm not fearful
I have nothing just here yeah but but
returning to for a second - what did it
was discussing so it is indeed true that
Hungarians are very optimistic by their
own standards about economic conditions
right now and about the future the
international economic environment is
extremely favorable for government
popularity hunger is a very open across
a very open economy it's not a very
large country so what happens in half
economy is largely dependent on European
economic trends which are currently
extremely favorable about four or five
percent to the GDP are coming in from
new funds every year so that's a
straight addition to you know the
spending power basically of the
government that multiple is excess
putting sponsor and distribute it in a
targeted way among its clients so so
indeed there are loads of reasons to
feel good in the country right now where
are those have anything to do with
government policies is disputed and I
don't want to answer this because it's a
very complex a debate goes about the
merits of government economic policies
and I think those economies are
extremely negative about the long-term
impact of those policies but but the
interesting thing I think is that in
spite of this optimism and inside of the
widespread support probably not for
races but for the anti-immigration
platform of the government among people
which is undeniable there were there
were so many people we were so desperate
to get rid of this government because
they see corruption they see abuse of
power they are concerned about the fate
of democracy they are opposing the
foreign policy of the government let me
just stop you just pause for a moment
professor just because you you're
talking about a corruption and we've
actually got some statistics to see how
hungry is dealing with corruption over
the last couple of years let's have a
look at how they compared to other OECD
countries and we're going to put up this
graphic so people can actually see where
we are so over the last decade
where's hungry moves in terms of
fighting corruption while the
high-income OECD countries as a group
have maintained a really solid
reputation for control of corruption
hungry has got progressively worse since
2006 and that's according to the World
Bank so amongst this happiness from some
parts of Hungarian society that things
are going very well there's also issues
corruption but you have to do with
support how do you tell you that with
that sense of real Ike this government
well I think what you were just showing
this corruption issue is certainly build
up in the past weeks or months
especially because some family members
of the Prime Minister were involved and
this was a huge issue but this is
precisely what this anti-immigration or
entire George Shaw campaign is about to
create noise to create a louder voice to
suppress everything which is which is
external to this issue and certainly if
we look on the numbers it was just again
a nice tactic I wouldn't say it wasn't
dirty but for the government it
certainly worked out and let me just
also mention that what the tweet was
about a few minutes ago that there are
results where there are certainly
results as the professor also added it's
it's not independent from the external
economic environment but that's why much
of the society was wondering why Cannot
you communicate your results if you have
some why do you have to push this
negative campaign instead of
communicating something positive well
that's a rhetorical question which was
answered by the numbers yesterday thanks
for that support we also got this
question live on YouTube just now
Christopher clipper sighs so with Fidesz
inning will this election have some
negative effects on the European Union
Lily I think we can expect a lot more
conflicts between Budapest and Brussels
over the coming years Hungary is already
facing an investigation over the rule of
law actually the draft of the European
Parliament support will be presented
this week and it's possible that they
will recommend triggering sanctions
against Hungary over a rule of law
issues Hungary has also been in trouble
with the European Union
over its refusal to participate in the
refugee quota scheme as well as a range
of other issues and I think that as our
bond continues to consolidate power and
now with his transposition we can expect
him to consolidate power further he will
be running into more and more trouble in
Brussels but at the same time he does
not want to leave the European Union as
everyone has mentioned he gets a lot of
money from Europe and Hungary's economy
cannot survive without this flow of
funding I'm just wondering about the
minorities who are in Hungary right now
and they've see the election results and
and as Malika started off the program
she talked about people being
embarrassed and then people bring also
very happy with the election results
what about the minorities professor what
happens to them are you seeing any
backlash yeah you mean no backlash
against the opposition oh yes yeah and
how a minority is bearing in Hungary or
yeah yeah well it's less than 24 hours
after the election results became known
and so far I was busy with observing
other things so I'm not aware of any
immediate crackdown on opposition
members or but but certainly there is a
plan to pass legislation which would go
through virtually limit the
opportunities for civil society
organizations to operate in anger it
will put a considerable reporting burden
on them creative means for the
government to interfere with their
operations would stigmatize them as
foreign agents and some circumstances so
their deaths legislation was already
prepared it was confirmed already today
that it will be passed with urgency now
that the government has the qualified
majority in parliament and is necessary
to pass the legislation its original
form so yes only we can
absolutely certain that there will be
some crackdown on civil society and
possibly also on courts there was a
previous plan which was shielded for a
while and surely triopia now take it
back to the agenda to pack courts with
made legal specialists who don't have
under the current rules sufficient
qualification to be judges but who
served under in the civil service under
the open government and those people
would now be parachuted into quartz and
presumably that's at least a fear active
partisan base in one pallet official
court cases that the government kept
losing so far because of the
Independence of the court alright
professor thank you for your take and
support and also Lily as well I just
want to head back into our community and
see how they're reacting to the
elections and this conversation although
we heard some enthusiasm from some
people I'll read this from Limerick who
says extreme disappointment I should
have seen it coming
Hungary's Constitution has been ruined
over time through the two-thirds
majority they have and even losing
wouldn't fix the damage as of yesterday
I have no hope for this opposition my
conversation continues always online
hash tag eight a stream
see you there thanks for watching
