things could hardly have gone better for
Prime Minister Viktor Orban the queues
of voters that stretched long and late
into the night were not a sign of an
opposition fight back as some had hoped
instead the ruling Fidesz party picked
up strong support in rural areas
cementing another big majority win and a
third consecutive term for mr. Orban in
the past
orb√°n has used his majority to alter the
constitution changing the electoral
system to favor victory for Fidesz and
curbing media freedoms some fear he
wants to go further now threatening the
Independence of the judiciary and
trouble is likely to beckon for those
who've worked against him promised some
kind of retaliation towards the
opposition parties and especially NGOs I
think what we will see is a continued
attack on these NGOs especially
left-wing and liberal NGOs that operate
in Hungary and I think that will be the
first reaction after the results because
they will blame these NGOs for the high
turnout in liberal centers the balance
of power in Parliament is largely
unchanged that many Hungarians will be
bitterly disappointed according to the
opinion polls there is probably a
majority of people who oppose or ban and
his brand of populist right-wing
nationalism amplified by xenophobia and
even anti-semitism but their efforts to
unite a divided opposition to draw large
numbers of people to the polls and to
vote tactically have clearly failed
these are worrying times not just for
liberal minded Hungarians concerned
about this country's pariah status in
Europe but for the leaders of the EU as
well who seem powerless to do anything
about it
Jonah hull al Jazeera Budapest
