on a normal weekend in April the center
of Minster should be packed with
tourists and locals this weekend was not
normal
the violent incident that killed and
wounded so many was still fresh in
people's minds particularly those who
are trying to find out the attackers
motives the perpetrator was known to
police
we have had three criminal proceedings
against him in Munster and another in
Anza
these accusations are from 2015 and 2016
but none of those gave any inkling that
he was capable of carrying out
Saturday's attack as the immediate sense
of shock following Saturday's incident
has begun slowly to recede it's been
replaced by a sense of grief and
condolences with Germany's politicians
coming to pay their respects to those
who lost their lives and many people in
this city are asking the question how
could such a thing happen here in
Munster something like that shouldn't
happen it's shocking I hope this doesn't
happen more often that others will bring
themselves to do something like that we
didn't think that could happen here and
that's someone because of his private
problems drove into a crowd with a
vehicle that is not comprehensible for
the moment investigators say there are
no signs of what they call a terror
based motive a search of the
perpetrators home showed he had
imitation firearms and other weapons
some media reports suggest he previously
suffered psychiatric disturbances
ministers have stressed the difficulty
they face in protecting Germany from
these so-called lone wolf attacks
despite all efforts in a national
community despite doing and having to do
all that is humanly possible to protect
our citizens
unfortunately complete security is not
possible and yet time and again we have
to do everything in our power to
continue to reduce perhaps even to
prevent such crimes but for many Germans
the central question is why do these
crimes happen
dominant cane aljazeera moonstone
