the Sarajevo cable car climbs high above
the Bosnian capital up the slopes of
Mount tribefolk the venue for the
bobsleigh events in the 1984 Winter
Olympics it was popular with families
for walks and picnics but when Serb
forces besieged the city in 1992 mount
Trevor Fitch became a place of horror
artillery attacks were launched from its
slopes snipers took up positions to pick
off victims and four years after the war
few people dared to venture there for
fear of triggering landmines at the
reopening there were emotional memories
though a symbol forever that is a symbol
of Sarajevo and of our generation for
those who remember I remember it we grew
up in the same neighborhood we were
rather mischievous and even used to open
a floor lid and try to get out at the
lowest levels it was some seven meters
high our entire generation was
mischievous we loved it
that is the symbol of Sarajevo Dino
remembers the construction of the
original cable car almost 60 years ago
as a seven year old he even helped the
workers later he was one of the first
passengers yes yes young called the 82
sabili readily odd when I was a kid the
queue used to go all the way down the
street people used to wait for two hours
to get a seat the old cable car used to
transport up to 300,000 people a year
the new one may take even more or
trachoma preoccupied with other public
we expect more than 500,000 passengers a
year I'm aware that this is an ambitious
aim but I'm convinced we can make it for
those who make the trip there will
always be a reminder of the war the
mountain station will be named after the
first victim of the Sarajevo siege drama
Bieber was killed on March 2nd 1992
guarding the old cable car
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
