he was Malaysia's Prime Minister for
more than 20 years now Mahathir Mohamad
wants the job again at the age of 92 can
he make a comeback what does it mean for
Malaysia this is inside story
hello and welcome to the show I'm
Sammy's a Dan a Malaysia we'll have a
general election within 60 days and it
could be the most tightly contested poll
since the country's independence in 1957
Mahathir Mohamad Malaysia's
longest-serving Prime Minister is making
a comeback and he's determined to depose
his former protege current Prime
Minister Najib Razak Isak is under
pressure after being accused of fraud in
the multibillion-dollar state fund
Parliament was dissolved on Friday and
the countdown to elections is now on
Florence lui has more from the Malaysian
capital all across Kuala Lumpur this is
becoming a familiar sight flags of the
ruling coalition known as Barisan
Nasional but it's seen its support
dwindle in the last few years
it lost its two-thirds majority in 2008
and in 2013 it lost the popular vote for
the first time this is the first
election since news of a corruption
scandal surrounding state investment
fund 1mdb broke more than four and a
half billion dollars has allegedly been
siphoned from the fund set I brought
Prime Minister Najib Razak ownership has
denied any wrongdoing and Malaysian
investigations have not found any
evidence of impropriety challenging
Najib is his former mentor and former
prime minister mahathir mohamad the 92
year old was angered by the scandal he's
returned to politics and set up a new
party opposition politician say the odds
are unfairly stacked against them the
government has changed electoral
boundaries it's introduced a new anti
fake news law and maja theives
opposition party has been banned for 30
days elections have to be held within
the next 60 days but they're widely
expected to be held sooner
known as the father of modernization
mattered Mohammed was one of Asia's
longest serving leaders he became
Malaysia's Prime Minister in 1981 and
served for more than two decades until
retiring in 2003 he broke with the
ruling United Malays national
organization party two years ago and
joined the opposition alliance
he helped Malaysia survive the Asian
financial crisis of 1998 and transform
into an economic tiger but it was
criticized for deploying the
controversial security law known as the
Internal Security Act his critics say
permitted him to crack down on the media
activists religious leaders and
political opponents mahoto presented
himself as a moderate spokesperson of
the Muslim world following the September
11th attacks on the United States he
supported the global war against
terrorism as it was called well let's
get the thoughts of our guest now
joining us from Kuala Lumpur is Charles
Santiago an MP and member of the
opposition Democratic Action Party in
Singapore Oh II son senior advisor at
Asia strategy and Leadership Institute
and also in Kuala Lumpur Eric Seto he's
the baddest and Nacional deputy
communications director welcome to you
all if I could start with Erik so why
did Prime Minister Najib dissolve the
Parliament now and plump these elections
what was the reason well we dissolve
Parliament because this one is provided
for in the Constitution the Parliament
has ended Prime Minister Najib promised
in the previous election to go the
previous electricity to a to go further
and this is exactly what he did
this time around so we look forward to
elections coming out within the next
month or so depending on the election
pledges Commission's the states is the
be ready first audience oh yes we are
and and plus you know we have inserter
so we are as Radiesse we can ever be all
right
party confident it's ready Charles why
did my dear Muhammad in particular
decide to make a comeback now do you
think before I answer your question we
connect quickly respond to Eric's
statement I think Burleson is calling
for the elections at this time one has
provided by the Constitution but no so
they are in fear at this time there is a
concern right now that people including
the mayor for us malaise but in
particular are now looking at the
opposition parties to tell their support
and fear is driving Prime Minister Najib
at this moment and because of fear he
has done three things in the last one
one and a half weeks and something that
yo your earlier presentation presenter
had noted first is the constituency
Dilla nation where it gives an unfair
advantage to the ruling government in
both parliamentary seats as well as the
state seats number two is the anti fake
bill this is to stop any discussion on
the one Malaysia development Bihar 1mdb
which is a huge scandal and even the
economy has gone as far as saying that
you have a tiff for a prime minister
referring to Prime Minister Najib and
third is actually the the biggest fear
by the Sun has is against dr. maha day
because dr. maha appears to have
galvanized Malaya support against
unknown against Prime Minister Najib and
therefore his party for all internal
purposes has been registered yesterday
so it clearly points out that the
unknown and as well as Najib are in a
panic moment a panic moment and
therefore they are pulling all efforts
in order to stop the opposition
especially from Hadi from making any any
further moves to further deteriorate the
situation all right not let me give Eric
a chance to come back in on that one
you've picked up Charles on the point I
was going to mention well let's go to a
little bit earlier than planned though
Eric the I'm sure you've heard the
suggestion that the ruling party the BN
is moving
to fear that as the passage of time is
not in its favor
well Charles is basically just mirroring
the positives first of all I would like
to point out that randomization effect
since on both sites partly on the
opposition side yes some of the seeds in
the opposition possibility of also has
gone up in terms of number of voters but
they're also twenty succeeds then it's
one down in in voters accounts for
example the the scene of us one and
which is also under opposition has gone
down 40 percent in terms of workers
resignation is something that you've
done in a pass to the modernist that it
many times the last time we did this was
in two or three fifteen years ago so
it's high time that we do it again based
on our country's laws and in two or
three after it has been done the
opposition pharmacy the one five six and
ignite the person a tional is a
traditional food as majority so
regulation goes on both ways it's not
something that the popular vote right
yes into a into one tree there's a first
I mean we lost it but in two eight we
lost five seats and lost rendering it's
not was not looking good for the
government mosaic at a previous ones
well in two or three the opposition also
complained bitterly that the government
of ERISA national was stacking the ties
in their favor in two or three so they
are speaking a same allegation again
this time around now you must remember
that the opposition has always said that
malicious generations each and every
time you have a generation it is the
dirtiest in history they said in 1990
they said in every year they said it
five years ago to say ten years ago
back in 1990 the piece and you see
another book that's called that is
titled the dirtiest elections in history
so it is always been the opposition's
game plan to call this dirtiest in order
to get sympathy votes from the voters in
the last election in general into one
tree they made the acquisition that we
had tens of thousands of rental motors
and right leg outs that will store the
elections around they can't use anymore
it was alright I say no so we don't get
bogged down in too much history I can
see Charles wants to come in let me give
you a brief chance Charles and then I'd
like to get the input of our guests in
Singapore go ahead he leaves half half
the truth is not mentioned for example
in this relation there took place the
constituency I represent clang has got
one hundred and thirty six thousand
people and it moved from ninety seven
thousand two hundred and thirty six
thousand where as bodies on the UM no
seats have thirty eight thousand and
forty two thousand the role of the
Elections Commission according to the
Constitution actually says you must have
one constituency the number of voters
about the same as the other about the
same as the other but here you do not
have one person one board here
one person boat in an unknown area is
worth four votes in my constituency
Clank example so this is very unfair
totally unfair and the gerrymandering
has been done in such a way and I agree
with Eric Seto that some of it is small
but the small ones are kept in her to
ensure that the Malays will vote for I'm
not advice on national right but I want
to impress upon mr. Ã©xito that the
Malays are going to vote this time
against I'm no and by sexytime me like
yes under it sixty days so I guess we'll
be talking about this in the
not-too-distant future again and see
whose predictions are right here let me
bring in Oh a son can maja tear out the
bodice and Nacional for the first time
in Malaysian history I guess that's
the key question what do you make of
that oh well I think you'll be a very
much an uphill task for dr. mahat here
I think undeniably he still retains a
certain residue inference primarily over
the rural voters and perhaps even urban
lower-class voters but I think
traditionally this cohort of voters they
are primarily motivated for example by
the need for development for more
resources for development as well as for
example spiritual needs and dr. Maha -
not been the incumbent Prime Minister I
think he's in no position to provide
sort of the material development which
many of these voters desire nor the
spiritual side of their requirements
which traditionally is taken care by by
the Islamist party pass so combining
these two sort of factors I think it's
very difficult for dr. Maha to to sort
of translate his residual inference into
votes at the polls
yeah what would it mean for the country
Oh though if the Barry Sanders who now
doesn't win even though you think it's
probably not the most likely scenario
some prizes do happen sometimes in
elections what's at stake here for the
country well I I think if you have the
Barisan Nasional returned to power of
course well you have more of the same of
the last half a century or more with you
know this a slew of promises and
sometimes delivery of developments to
some areas but also of course the
various attendant challenges and and and
so on with a possible change of
government on the other hand of course
you have a very new sort of new slew of
promises to be deliver but I think this
round it's of election it's perhaps not
as much
as exciting couldn't call ELISA for me
as the last round because I think the
the conclusion is almost a foregone
namely yeah let me let me take that
point back to Charles in Kuala Lumpur
the economy is growing at the fastest
rate in three years why do you think
Charles that most Malaysians will want
to jeopardize or risk that for an
unknown sort of future I think as au was
characterizing it there I think you're
right in saying that the economy is
growing at the tune of six percent per
annum that that's a given fact but
unfortunately Malaysians are feeling
poorer Malaysians don't feel that
they're benefiting from how they're
feeling poor yeah let me finish how for
example the cost of living has gone up
quite a bit quite a bit given also that
your wages are also quite low one of the
problems that we have today for example
I recently Chef report says that stunted
growth is revving his head among
Malaysia's poor especially those who are
living in low-cost homes people the
savings are dwindled to a point that
they can't save one ringgit command to
as a child to try it over to the next
month hasn't the government be helping
people like that with subsidies and
handouts well apparently not if they
will giving subsidies then you will not
have a problem of center growth people
will be able to eat good food nutritious
food the point is that because of high
cost of living and low wages they are
unable to fend for themselves
and it is quite clear from the study
that UNICEF did that came out two months
ago in fact a recent study by the Bank
Negara Malaysia embraces Reserve Bank
Central Bank of Malaysia it also says
that the cost of living has gone up and
it's a very high figure compared to what
people are receiving let me tell you
some of those points my relations test
then thousand 600 ringgit how concerns
party the bien Eric with the fact that
the cost of living is rising the BNs
always focus on increasing the people's
income faster than possibly I think
inflation is something that a growing
economy will experience the challenges
to make sure that the poorest among
malaysia bottom 40 in the Loess be
assisted by paris a national government
and we have done that McGeever schemes
you know from a subsidized housing to
subsidized food groups basic necessities
exempting this this essential items from
GST we have never believed that ignoring
the foods before us
of course those and we have done so ok
what do you make of the show Eric that
that's not the only reason why you're
confident going into these elections
because also you have a huge advantage
favorable electoral districts control of
the mainstream media the new fake news
bill that's been approved and so on and
so on say critics are they wrong nobody
can deny that there is one dish however
it mainstream media this is not see when
you when you carve up electoral
districts in a certain way when you've
got control over the media that's what
the critics always look we talked about
the carving up of this electoral for
students is seriously I mean above the
regulation and as I pointed out in two
or three the opposition made the same
accusations against us but ended up
winning you know in the biggest country
five years data so I don't think that's
a fair a decision to make as for
mainstream me here we all know that but
you must electrons you lost the sorry
the popular vote in 2013 we agreed any
but you still won the election so does
that not speak to
some truth to what the opposition says
about how the electoral system is set up
it gives you an unfair an unfair
advantage
well popular words and the Reid election
in Malaysia is set up it's no different
from the USA or UK where it is possible
to win elections without the popular
votes and that's what happened in the UK
I saw presidents from but that's how the
system is set up so if I were in your
position I would go out on stewin sees
with the lowest voters instead of you
know fighting very hard in cases
various under sub thousands of so this
number voters are well-known to to the
opposition for many years let me bring
in again from Singapore going back to
the issue of economic so I'm wondering
what you make of research that I read
for example from sunway University that
suggests looking at past election
results that you can't always correlate
the election result we're with the
economic indicators in other words you
know how much of the economic concerns
are a real driver in these elections is
it as clear-cut as the opposition might
paint it well sometimes during shall we
say none election time when you have
popular surveys you will hear people
saying for example that the economy is
their top concerns you know rising cost
of living and so on but when push come
to shove during election time very often
of course then people would switch their
mind to switch their mindset to it shall
we say more quote-unquote emotional
issues and such as for example scandal
related issues sort of abuse related
issues and and and so on but I think in
terms of three is based on rice
in addition yeah there yeah for example
those are very showy so emoti
issues race and religion but even in
terms of the economy I think sometimes
in addition to rising costs of livings
there is one other factor namely the
increasing wealth gap between the very
rich and the very poor so the overall
economy might be rising at the rate of
let's say five to six percent but for
example the wealth is concentrated in
the elites and thereby a lot of people
are feeling the pinch
I mean in addition to the rising costs
of living we go to Charles how solid is
the Alliance within the opposition camp
right now especially between Mahathir
Mohamad himself and Anwar Ibrahim who's
in jail I think for the first time in
opposition politics we find a very
cohesive opposition and each of the
parties have made sacrifices in forging
this coalition and I think for example
my own party the Democratic Action Party
this time around will forego the use of
its rocket as the logo and instead will
now take on the cardia and Josiah
Abraham's party's logo flag as part of
the coalition's flag logo lost though if
Mahathir Mohamad wins the elections and
unworried brahim who I mean the two of
them were enemies now allies if I'm what
comes out of jail
well that cohesion lost what happens
then well I think that is we have a
manifesto and I think you're also
looking at some what reform dr.
Mahadevan and he has together with the
coalition partners have agreed that will
be a two term Prime Minister's term the
two Prime Minister will be two terms not
more than that and his role himself will
be very limited to one year or maybe
year and a half at the maximum two years
of course nothing is I mean I think is
you know can't confirm and predict one
can you know
one can assume that both Anwar and ma
they will work together in order to
ensure that the opposition if it comes
to power or when it comes to power will
lead a better Malaysia than what we have
today I think that's a promise from both
these men that this we will lead this to
a better Malaysia but I think sometimes
as a result of the previous and
historical animosity will tend to you
know raises issue or again that's very
fair all right I think we left forgive
me we just got a minute left I want to
give 60 seconds to oh and say whatever
happens in this election is in a sense
already a game-changer that you've got
somebody like Maha tear Mohammed with
his history of being in the BN now
running with the opposition is this
going to be a game-changer no matter how
it shapes up well Malaysian politics is
not hoarsely capricious enemies and
friends would last for let's say a few
months you you never know what would
happen in a few years time you know I
mean not to mention a futhermore so so I
think the important thing for people to
decide is whether they do want a change
of government if they do then they
should vote accordingly if they feel
that they want stability then they would
also vote accordingly I think this
election at least as I said for me is
not as exciting as the last one where
you really see the desire to move
forward to another phase and and so on
that kind of euphoria is simply missing
in this election all right we'll see how
it does play outlets for now thank our
guests very much Charles Santiago Oh II
son and Eric c2 and thank you too for
watching you can see the show again any
time by visiting our website al Jazeera
comm for further discussion head over to
our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me Sammy's a Dan and the whole team
here for now is goodbye
you
