nine months of intense training and
years of building a foundation for
women's football in Jordan the Jordanian
team is now carrying the dreams of
generations of future players as they
compete for a chance to win the Asian
Women's Cup and to attain the real goal
to play in the Women's World Cup next
year Jordan is the only team in the
Middle East competing it's something
exciting and truly something that's
really poor it it's really good actually
I think women's and girls are getting
more opportunities to play more
opportunities to express themselves and
what they want to do in life
Natasha Anna Baer will be in the stands
cheering on her sister and her teammates
she says she'll also be daydreaming
about qualifying for the national team
and getting her shot to compete in a
World Cup one day it's like you're
fighting for for something you love I
think it's the best thing I ever felt
touches my heart to play people say the
promotion of women's football can be
traced back to Prince Ali the president
of the Jordan Football Association
private schools are now offering girls
the opportunity to play football there's
a club system to develop talent and the
country is hosting international
tournaments
Valkyr more Tirith these events are big
motivator for them the game is
flourishing and more girls are becoming
interested in this game and want to be
part of the teams after they watch games
in the stadiums but negative attitudes
about women playing football persist not
only in Jordan but in Asia just twenty
four of Asia's 46 teams even attempted
to qualify for the Women's Asian Cup
half of those countries signed up for
the rights to televise it Nabire says no
matter what people think playing
football has transformed her I started
to take responsibilities for myself and
to be determined more and to reach my
goal of course it changed me a lot
only a small number will ever compete at
the highest level but empowering girls
and women with the freedom and choice to
play the game may be the greatest
benefit football brings to Jordan
Natasha Ghanim al Jazeera
a men
