appearances can sometimes be deceiving
Martin and shopkeepers abdi foul lewd
brahim and ahmed may put a friendly
smile when a customer walks in but they
fear being attacked again my own
customers walked in trying to kill me
they stole goods and destroyed the shop
some of them I've known them since they
were children they were so angry this is
mobile phone footage of the attack in
February a crowd of senegalese fishermen
gather around at Mauritanian owned
businesses they chant Arabs out go home
you don't belong here
they're protesting the killing of had to
enjoy Sun falou he was shot dead by
Martin in coastguards they say he was
fishing in Mauritania Noirs I want
justice and someone needs to pay for the
death of my son this is how the
fisherman delivered justice her father's
death
the shopkeepers call the police station
across the street for help
it takes them an hour to show up the
damage is already done we go out to sea
to meet the men behind the attack we're
somewhere between senegalese and
Mauritania territorial waters we finally
find them
they've been out all night their catch
is meager we have to go further route to
find fish but the more Italians are
putting pressure on us if they find us
they control our boats sometimes they
steal our catch we don't trust them the
more jingyan coastguard shoot on sight
fishermen caught in their territory
dozens of fishermen have been killed
hundreds arrested and their halt seized
in these boarding waters Mauritania and
Senegal have still not found an
agreement over fishing rights just
noticed to Mauritania
Coast Guard boats in the distance they
say it's menacing this isn't just about
a fishing dispute it's about who
controls these waters and the precious
resources that lie below the largest gas
field ever found in West Africa was
discovered here last year it contains
over 50 trillion cubic feet of resource
potential sufficient for 30 to 50 years
of production both countries have agreed
to share the resources
politicians promised this new wealth
will bring the communities together but
with no fishing agreement in sight in
growing resentment towards Mauritania in
celui
the fight over the oceans wealth is for
now sowing distrust after five
generations of shopkeeping in salary
these Mauritania no longer feel welcome
Nicholas Hawke al Jazeera salut
