after eight years in power the man who
critics say is building an authoritarian
state in the heart of the European Union
is seeking re-election
we built the fence defended the southern
border we said no in Brussels to any
immigration the dangers not past they
can hardly wait to start again among the
Prime Minister's opponents the newly
elected mayor of an obscure southern
town finding sudden fame after a united
opposition rallied behind him to defeat
the ruling party candidate I'm exposed
to attacks every day
criticism lies accusations
so there's fortunately enough it's not
Russia still although mr. Albans ideal
state is an illiberal democracy like
Putin's Russia but people don't get shot
here because of their opposition views
what swung the election the independent
candidates way was a campaign
highlighting official corruption in this
small town voters were won over it seems
by a national scandal involving the
misuse of European Union funds to
install substandard street lighting the
company involved is owned by Viktor
orb√°n's
son-in-law and there are questions about
a giant intersection being built using
EU infrastructural funds the cost
soaring the mayor says to more than
double what it should have been if
indeed it should have been built at all
so this is EU funds what they are
stealing but they are spending
unnecessarily and of course this the new
funds are the only source of economic
growth in Hungary in the last quite a
few years you'd think people would be
outraged the current government cannot
be accused of things that have not been
proven words are fleeting but facts are
facts
follow me opposition is opposition
because they always find something to
criticize I think voters decide on a lot
of issues not just corruption
the problem is that those who are
outraged by corruption and crumbling
public services support opposition
parties that refuse to unite on the
national level and likely therefore to
defeat the state and its media machine
that plays on people's fears pumping out
stories that distort deflect and
distract Jonah Hal al-jazeera in
southern Hungary
