there have been shouting for freedom
every day for the past 80 days but no
one can hear them except for a few
guards these refugees are mostly ethnic
Hazara who fled persecution in
Afghanistan now they are locked up on
the island of Borneo far away from the
capital Jakarta the youngest Rahmatullah
Zahedi was detained when he was 12
now he's 40 years old it's been very
difficult not only me but everyone is
suffering from depression once we tried
to escape but one man fell from the high
wall and broke his leg
he failed Indonesia has not signed the
UN Convention for Refugees but a
government decided 15 month ago that
refugees should be given proper
accommodation while waiting for
resettlement still more than 1,000
refugees are locked up without a verdict
or a release date most of them for more
than four years of course we expected
when we escaped from the persecution
from the beheaded from the the
discrimination from our country we
sought asylum and we come in here we
look for the safety not to lock behind
the locked bars the UN Commission for
Refugees the UNHCR has recently told
refugees in Indonesia that their chances
of resettlement are close to zero
Australia the United States and Europe
have all but closed their borders
they're not allowed to work or to go to
school what's been happening inside this
attention centre is a cry for freedom
far away from the public eye
refugees locked up and treated as
prisoners with no country willing to
accept them there's more and more
pressure on them to go back to the
country they fled from in the first
place more than 40 refugees in
Balikpapan have taken the offer of 2000
u.s. dollars from IOM the International
Organization for Migration to return to
Afghanistan money provided by the
Australian government those who
understand that
it might be best for them to go home we
want to make that easy for them and we
also want it's not it's incentive or
well it could be seen as a sentient but
it really it's for something it's money
for them to get started many of them
have sold everything before they left
helping people to go back to the country
that's basically not saying well they
make that determination like most other
refugees 60 year olds rassled that says
return into Afghanistan is not an option
there are bomb blasts nearly every day
only recently many people were killed in
sake we have nowhere else to go we
sought shelter with the International
Organization for Migration and the UNHCR
we have nowhere else to go the
Indonesian government says it's urging
the local government to provide
accommodation so the refugees can be
released from detention but several
groups in Balikpapan with a Sunni Muslim
population have refused to accept the
mostly Shia refugees citing of fear for
religious conflict giving the refugees
to wonder who is willing to receive them
and when their shouts for freedom will
finally be heard
stop fashion al Jazeera Balikpapan
