these Oklahoma teachers are on a 7-day
177 kilometer
in Tulsa and will end in Oklahoma City
the state capital there they'll join the
thousands who've gathered each day this
week demanding that the state adequately
funds the education system after a
decade of cuts funding per student has
been cut by almost a third huge classes
are without the textbooks desks and
chairs to accommodate them teachers here
are among the lowest paid in the country
many schools are open just four days a
week and teachers often use the fifth
day of the working week for second or
third jobs an alarmed legislature has
acted raising taxes for the first time
in 28 years for teachers salaries and
classroom funding but teachers say this
will only amount to an extra $71 per
student across the state
barely a textbook teachers specifically
are asking to make sure that what was
passed like last week was funded because
there are some questions about whether
or not it's it's cleanly funded and then
they're saying we'd like another
investment in our classrooms that's why
they're here they're here for their
students u.s. teachers began striking in
West Virginia in February that nine day
action resulted in a pay rise for all
public sector workers in the state along
with those in Oklahoma teachers in
Kentucky and Arizona have taken note
public sector workers in these reliably
Republican states say they've had enough
of having to do without as corporations
receive tax breaks from conservative
legislators this does sound awfully like
socialism but actually these are all
this kind of outpouring of Labor
activities happening in Oklahoma West
Virginia Arizona Kentucky what's going
on and I think Americans are tired of
the little people being shortchanged and
you know our kids are our future and
they are tired of it
this isn't just about teachers wages or
classroom funding but about whether a
society can function if schools are
sacrificed just so that well-connected
corporations can pay less tax shiera
tancy al-jazeera Oklahoma
