in China those seem to be challenging
the government quickly feel the heavy
hand of state security the Chinese
government has two tools to manipulate
to the people
one is the violence brutality the other
is propaganda
now democratic countries warned china is
carrying out its system of control and
censorship worldwide the biggest issue
of our time in my view is China for the
first time the FBI and CIA accused China
of using a global web of spies and
informants to harass intimidate and
neutralize anyone daring to speak out
I'm Steve Chow on this episode of one
release we asked how far will China go
to silence its critics
Toronto Canada is a world away from
China when democracy activists young
chef fled here seeking asylum she
believed she was finally free from the
watchful eye of Chinese authorities now
she says she was wrong I stopped that I
escaped from fear and I was going to
enjoy the freedom human rights democracy
and the rule of law but I realized that
they are here there are people their
network their power everything he sure
became one of China's loudest critics
after witnessing the 1989 Tiananmen
Square massacre where Chinese leaders or
the killing of thousands of student
democracy demonstrators
her relentless activism quickly won her
international acclaim and China's
attention
she says Chinese agents contacted her
repeatedly warning they were tracking
her every movement they threatened to
kill her if she didn't stop criticizing
China's leaders she began getting
late-night visits to her home one time
about 1:30 I was working on my computer
and I saw a car just passing by
it's okay but then the car coming back
and the den maker turns in our driveway
so I was very much what's dirty why the
wire car is around here then some days
after again about two o'clock a car goes
by our driveway and they even stopped at
our front and then I said to my husband
I'm scared
yeah I want to show you this the
intimidation also went online share was
targeted by a vicious smear campaign
this is the Photoshop her face has been
pasted onto hundreds of lurid photos and
then posted to escort sites along with
her phone number in a dress they said
that I was working for nightclub and I
was offering sex service I receive
hundreds phone calls per day
there are also tens of thousands of
online postings accusing her of fraud
and questioning her integrity I'm a liar
and I'm stolen money from our
humanitarian actions and I'm very ugly
and very is everything but what you
could think about a person is that I
received the sheer volume of material
makes her believe the Chinese government
is behind the attacks so when you
started seeing all this all these
accusations all these nude photos then
calling you a prostitute how did that
affect you do you need to ask
it hasn't been easy I'm mr. Chen I'm
meeting an insider who knows how China's
system of control works Chen Yong Ling
helped build the country's strategy of
crushing dissent abroad later as a
high-level diplomat he put those
policies into practice most Chinese
immigrants are still scared most because
they know the Chinese regime may goes to
extreme means since defecting to
Australia Chen speaks openly saying
there are no limits to a China will do
to its critics if they get involved in
any anti-communist group they will
definitely be harmed no button at all
not at all beyond extreme
there are many who say nowhere is safe
even in the land of freedom and liberty
Tong Bao was one of China's most
prominent civil rights lawyers he fled
to New York in 2014 but he says he
hasn't escaped
China's reach I first met him yeah years
ago in Beijing when he was a lawyer
defending the rights of those persecuted
by the state today he continues to speak
out against injustice 'as in China I was
sure this it's led to threats on his
life his idea is CCP forever attending
the Communist Party forever and what is
it saying
tanga take care of your life because you
will be murdered yeah she said murdered
yeah Tong Bao believes the twitter
account belongs to a known agent of
China's state security what went through
your mind when you saw this it's a
direct threat to my life I live in the
United States and it's a free and
democratic country but I can steal for
you the threat and harassment from
Chinese government
since Chinese leader Xi Jingping assumed
power in 2012 Tong Bao says he's
witnessed and increasing crackdown on
dissent before he fled he was seized by
authorities and tortured three times I
was kidnapped by ten a secret police I
didn't know where I was they can't and
then I was physically tortured
the hardest part of the disappearance is
not the physical torture but the
uncertainty so I didn't know I had no
idea how they would check me the next
hour next day I didn't know what they
what they would do
after Tongji I left China authorities
turned their attention to his family
refusing to let them leave the country
fearing they too would be jailed or even
tortured he devised a dangerous plan to
get them out with this attitude
so we my wife and my daughter is good
Tanner to Burma and Thailand and Laos
and then telling again so it's really
risky tongue house experience is not
unique
he's documented more than a hundred
cases he says proves China's spreading
its system of control and intimidation
globally he compares China's actions to
Nazi Germany some people may think is
unfair to compare China to Nazi Germany
but the current system in China is
really close to totalitarianism the
secret police one-party rule the total
control of society and internationally
China becomes more and more aggressive
and now he says China is trying to exert
that control on top American
institutions when I was a visiting
scholar at Harvard Law School I was
invited by American Bar Association to
write a book to discuss China's legal
system political system and society
through my own experience
but a month later Tom BL says the Bar
Association abruptly scrapped the deal
publicly the ABA says it didn't think
the book would sell but Tommy I'll
received an email from the group
offering a different explanation the
reason it gave me an e-mail is they
didn't want to anger Chinese comment
when they said that to you what did you
think nothing is really ridiculous in
China because of my humorous activities
I was banned from teaching I was this
part I was know kidnapped and and
disappeared and tortured and American is
the the the model of liberal democracy
freedom speeds and APA half-chinese
comment to Maslow allows me to silence
me
today Tong Bao is meeting with other
exiled activists to hear their stories
but only a few show up those who do
explain their friends are too afraid to
speak openly to Munna to Seoul soon as
the Pitons how how I mean darling su
sanjaya chance and sherrod Ellen sue sue
sue Jen's off to the hook to monetary
Obama you what everyone here has had
family jailed or threatened in China
Town d-doug wash it out with Hamid to
tell the audience in LA for one Yun Chao
a well-known Chinese blogger the threat
has been much closer to tie me up the
prince who are - auntie Liu Shan the
champion but doing boundary pander to
the Tarpeian toddy
Joshua comments recently they were the
hide to sit up believe we can that they
don't see she liked or she wore to fun
do you feel safe in the Western world
you can't go yet in that Kingdom boys
wasn't me was it your detention or safe
anywhere the group points out several
outspoken critics like Swedish citizen
Wei Ming hai have disappeared from
Southeast Asia kidnapped is saying like
Chinese authorities well no I want mr.
or miss what ship and SH my wait one
moment to the fan going the year is the
con game one way it's a way to show her
the way home the contents of a tire
adding to their fears is a belief
Western leaders are only interested in
trade with China and not in defending
human rights they see the tone of
Trump's meetings with China's leader as
poison or put them away it has a long
tail infant it's Silla no chicken da ggd
is ami and then you got big fun that you
could wash you but recently in
Washington congressional hearings reveal
rising concerns over China I do believe
that Russia Vladimir Putin in
particulars efforts around the world are
very important but the biggest issue of
our time in my view is is China and the
risks they pose I'm not sure in the two
hundred and forty some odd year history
of this nation we've ever faced a
competitor and potential adversary of
this scale scope and capacity one of the
things we're trying to do is view the
China threat is not just a
whole-of-government threat but a whole
society threat it is something that
we're watching warily one of the most
pressing threats says the FBI is on
American campuses at the University of
Massachusetts in Boston we're invited to
a Chinese New Year celebration put on by
the Confucius Institute China spends an
estimated ten billion dollars a year
running 500 of these centers in
universities globally staffing them with
Chinese government approved teachers the
Institute's teach students Chinese
culture and language but Chinese
government defector Chanyeol Lin says
they are tools for propaganda and
censorship on campus the whole society
it can build up friendly Network to
China they can influence the future
generations of the the Western countries
political sensitive the topic is upend
public's alike a Falun Gong democracy
and freedom human rights in China or
banned
it's a charge organizers here deny what
do you say about the concerns of
censorship and concerns that their
Confucius Institute is just an arm of
the Chinese government they really do
not have the right information about of
us every Confucius Institute is working
to be a bridge between US and China we
have nothing to do with the Chinese
government censorship outside protesters
have a different view
I find it outrageous that a foreign
government especially one like the
Chinese government which is one of the
most oppressive regimes in the world is
dictating and deciding what American
students the learning on campus
every university that agrees to host the
Confucius Institute must sign a contract
with the Chinese government
after weeks of requests the protesters
got hold of UMass Boston's deal it
reveals a clause that worries them
the Institute must adhere to Chinese law
what is your concern with the contract
that the University of Massachusetts has
signed with the Confucius Institute I'm
shocked to see UMass Boston a state
institution is agreeing to follow rules
and regulations of Chinese Communist
Party and it's compromising people's
freedom of speech in this country it's
just showing that among China's the
Chinese government soft power is rising
year by year and it's very scary
with the Confucius Institute supplying
millions of dollars to UMass Boston we
asked a senior school official what
impact that has on the teaching year
can students talk about the 1989
Tiananmen Massacre can they talk about
human rights violations in Tibet I would
assume that in their classes that
they're having that are on those topics
that they can talk about those issues I
think that that's kept quite separate
from the type of ideas that we see the
Confucius Institute undertaking with an
agreement with the Confucius Institutes
does that mean that there is a degree of
censorship
I think I'd have to research it a little
more so if you understand what I mean I
feel like we're getting into a territory
that I need to understand a little bit
more what you're questioning me about
last week I wrote a letter about the
Confucius Institutes which are funded by
Chinese government dollars at US schools
and it is my view that they're complicit
in these efforts to covertly influence
public opinion and to teach half-truths
designed to prevent Chinese history
government or official policy in the
most favorable light we put the question
of covert influence and intimidation the
Chinese authorities Dionisio water and
American to the treason a woman should I
should push on e Long Feng Hsieh she's
walking Wang Xuan Xu Guan co-founder
tonin cotangent up in Ceylon jean de
colon cowboy Yasui nagoya kaya almost
entirely kinda beats the gwenci that
kind of taunting should hear the father
back in new york we meet up again with
bloggers when you channel in 2016 he
says he was writing commentary critical
of China when he became the target of
one of the largest online attacks ever
recorded on an individual in the u.s.
Lucas a suit dirty the volume of
incoming data shut down the Internet in
his New York neighborhood calendar cool
Japan
Oakland captain - she should continue to
bank what'd she tell you sit out here
take a while the train between Jakarta
it was so big the FBI's cyber unit took
notice
shouldn't you be working with a thank
you to you you did Sheila make with
Jennifer founded do you pinch it how
many your tubing like doing what I
should say after facing a number of such
attacks when you now was called before
Congress to testify who are le conte
found high note under moody Qantas
European fate Hong Kong geo Conan lights
each info page in the same way following
the testimony wooden says US authorities
expressed concern for its safety
maybe we didn't come here to issue and
go would she be she don't care what
people personal about to which will be
on special will find saying what the
Alfred in the future - ignore the social
immunity intolerant or interior in 1913
contain them what an opportunity when
the cyber attacks didn't stop William
Chows writing he says Chinese
authorities grabbed his parents and
younger brother tell me you know what
song called us oh darling that metaphor
would incent details of the attack to a
specialized cyber unit at the University
of Toronto the citizen lab is a group of
anti hackers who expose state sanctioned
cyber espionage so here we are based in
Canada but we've done reports on just
about every region of the world
including a lot on China Ron Deibert
leads the group there's no doubt in my
mind that the Chinese government is I
would say relentless in terms of its
targeting of civil society groups abroad
that they consider to be adversaries
over the past decade Deibert says he's
watched
China become more sophisticated in
controlling the online sphere here is a
canadian-based account of WeChat one of
the most popular social media chat
applications that's based in China
he and his team demonstrate how China
blocks information of sensitive topics
from being shared globally so if I say
something regular like hello in English
it'll get through just fine and we would
be able to see that if I switch to your
Chinese input
he then types in the name of a religious
group banned in China I send it nothing
appears on my device so if we're having
a conversation and it just doesn't
appear that's a really insidious form of
censorship this citizen lab has
uncovered tens of thousands of words and
phrases that are blocked there are
certain categories that are almost
always filtered Falun Gong tan men
square anything Tibet related things to
do with human rights and it's not just
text in a context like China people try
to circumvent censorship by sending
pictures or caricatures and what we have
found is that there is targeting of
images in messaging applications again
they show us how this works
I select controversial photo
such as this one of Xi Jinping I thought
it will show up but about time seconds
it's gone researchers here have never
seen this type of censorship software in
action before Deibert says it's stopping
the free flow of opinion online I'm
pretty pessimistic about the landscape
overall and the trend lines if you look
at some of the core elements of liberal
democracy and how they're being suddenly
eroded and how alternative models that
are non democratic are actually
flourishing in the current
communications environment it really
gives me pause it makes me greatly
concerned the Cold War has never stopped
with his insiders knowledge Chen says
China's sees itself at war with the West
a war of ideology that it believes it
can win the Chinese care more about if
China is superpower is control
that's what China care China care about
its position it's a power
for tongue yow his greatest fear is what
could happen to his children it's
possible that tennis common tennis
secret police harrah's intimidate my
children and even attack them as
possible but I think it's of no use to
be feared so I tried my best to protect
them
Tong Bao says rather than bow to China
the West needs to stand up for freedom
and human rights but until they do
he says brave individuals will continue
the fight no matter the sacrifice
they're always activists and peer
willing to sacrifice themselves to speak
out to fight against these atrocities
and the dictatorship so for a long run
democracy and human dignity will pretty
well
