Salman Khan was surrounded by heavily
armed police as he arrived at court in
the city of jodhpur not the kind of
entrance the Bollywood stars used to the
52 year old actor had denied shooting
dev the deer in the northwestern state
of Rajasthan while filming a movie in
the region in 1998 but the judge
disagreed judicial magistrate dev Kumar
car 3 on Salman Khan guilty under
Section 91 of the Wildlife Protection
Act and sentenced him to five years in
prison and fined him ten thousand rupees
several other stars also accused in the
case were acquitted this is the type of
endangered black buck deer calms been
found guilty of killing during a hunt
this isn't Khan's first brush with the
law in 2015 he was acquitted in a drink
driving hit-and-run case in the city of
Mumbai in which a homeless man was
killed before others injured the
regional governments challenged the
acquittal the award-winning actors
appeared in more than a hundred films
and has a huge fan base around the world
Khan will now appeal the verdict and
could still walk free for the career of
the so called bad boy of Bollywood might
struggle to recover Nev Barkha al
Jazeera
