Judgment Day for the woman who made
history as South Korea's first female
president and then as the first leader
of the country to be impeached and
removed from office she was indicted on
18 criminal charges relating to bribery
and corruption the culmination of months
of unprecedented protests in central
Seoul public outrage had replaced the
hope that many South Koreans felt when
in 2013 they elected the daughter of a
former president Park chung-hee he was a
military general who came to power in a
coup and who eventually met a violent
end Park geun-hye had a traumatic past
which affected her politics her mother
was shot when Park was 22 and her father
was assassinated by his closest aide
around that time in the 1970s Park
befriended chase and shill decades later
they were at the center of the scandal
that sparked the candlelight
demonstrations as president Park shared
sensitive documents with chair and
allowed her to dictate policy even
though she had no official government
role in February chair was sentenced to
20 years in prison for using her
friendship with Park to extort millions
of dollars from major companies
including Samsung Samsung's air and
group leader jay widely was tried
separately and convicted of bribing park
by making payments to foundations check
controlled he was sentenced in August to
five years in prison then released on
appeal Park has continued to deny the
charges against her saying she wasn't
aware of chairs activities this is the
country's biggest political scandal but
it's far from the only one every former
South Korean president since the 1980s
has faced corruption allegations either
personally or because of accusations
against their family members park's
predecessor lee myung-bak is in jail
awaiting a formal indictment on
corruption allegations linked to his
time in office
South Korea lacks a system to keep
presidents in check we are seeing a lot
of discussion around constitutional
reform to manage the so-called impaired
presidency president moon jaein came to
office on a liberal agenda promising to
stamp out corruption he has proposed
changes to the Constitution including
revised presidential term limits which
need parliamentary approval before being
put to a popular vote Kathy Novak al
Jazeera Seoul
