at the Commonwealth Games Karen McMaster
will race the 400 meters hurdles but in
the lead up to the games he and other
Caribbean athletes have faced other
hurdles away from the sports track
McMaster filmed this video himself it
shows some of the destruction caused by
two hurricanes which hit his country the
British Virgin Islands last year among
those killed was McMasters coach at the
games McMasters wearing a wrist band in
his memory this was his dream meow in
his room making it up step by step to
get up together once I had this
wristband he would be with me every step
of the way
even if I win or lose he would be with
mr. bodily McMasters new coach says it's
been tough for the team to carry on it
was the fight of Chuck I'm feeling BVI
so anything happened he will know he
will do he he was he was everything so
with him going electrics in Beaver I
just took a little dip for a while but
we're hoping it will rise back up again
hurricanes Irma and Maria hit most of
the Caribbean countries which have
athletes competing at the Commonwealth
Games across the island sports
facilities were badly damaged Karen
McMaster is one of many who since the
Hurricanes has had to move to the United
States to train the stadium lights came
down buildings are gone gyms or gone is
that tree not there right now sometimes
it's rain in our muddy area because if
it rains then the whole tracks flooded
with mud McMaster says winning a medal
is not his priority at the Commonwealth
Games he simply wants to make his
traumatized country proud Andrew Thomas
al Jazeera on Australia's Gold Coast
