bells rang 39 times once for every year
Martin Luther King jr. lived his life
was short but King changed millions of
lives ending segregation and securing
voting rights for black Americans we
won't I will the dinner when someone was
apparently in the window behind me
single shot shot him and killed him at
around 6 or 1 on April 4th 1968 brutally
murder at the Lorraine Motel thousands
gathered to honor his work and their own
activism those feelings of being a
second-class citizen that I had
experienced during my life my lifetime
and I said enough is enough
speaker after speaker walked on stage to
talk about what King meant to them and
what challenges they see facing society
today
apathy hunger racism war in the mall I
mean are we should be talking about love
and justice and helping the poor and
treating the strangers right so we have
to reshift the narrative and we have to
care what the Poor People's Campaign a
national call for moral revival earlier
on Wednesday a march through the streets
of Memphis to Mason temple the place
where King delivered his mountaintop
speech the night before his death the
mood at both events largely celebratory
because of the political and economic
advances achieved since 1968 but sadness
hovered at the edges all day and washed
over the gathering at 6:01 p.m. local
time the moment when James Earl Ray
fired a rifle at King standing on the
balcony outside his hotel room number
three zero six one of the speakers asks
the crowd on Wednesday what are you
doing tomorrow
on April fit are you going to continue
working to honored Martin Luther King
Jr's legacy a spirited call to action as
the world honors a life well-lived
Rosalind Jordan al-jazeera Memphis
Tennessee
