one day after US President Donald Trump
declared the United States will pull out
of Syria I want to get out I want to
bring our troops back home the White
House was on Wednesday attempting to
make sense of the president's statements
arguing the US would withdraw but not
just yet as this environment has changed
because of the success under the
president's leadership we're evaluating
it as we go the softening of the
president's position is the result of a
national security meeting Trump had with
top advisors he was informed there was
still work to be done
withdrawal of the 2000 military advisors
and special forces could allow ISIL to
regain a foothold in the region we
shouldn't have gone to Iraq on the
campaign trail Trump pushed an America
first agenda arguing foreign conflicts
have cost taxpayers too much it's a
point he reiterated on Tuesday while
meeting with Baltic leaders seven
trillion dollars over 17 year period we
have nothing
it's perhaps one reason Trump is
accelerating withdrawal timeline the
other is Russia Trump is argued nobody's
been tougher on Russia than I have a
withdrawal of US troops from Syria would
be a win for Russian President Vladimir
Putin his forces have supported the
Syrian government of Bashar al-assad
throughout the conflict it would also be
a victory for Iran the Israeli
government believes the Iranians are
planning to use their forces in Syria to
attack Israel an accusation iran denies
but one analyst thinks trump's desire to
pull the united states out is simply
part of a bigger strategy i think it's
probably a good idea to put that on the
table because it forces people to
negotiate with you and to talk with you
more seriously and they said think
you're always going to be there despite
the president's sense of urgency the
White House says the decision to pull US
troops out of Syria will not be made by
the president but instead by the
Secretary of Defense based on conditions
on the ground
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera at the White
House
