who tried to kill the scribbles weeks on
from the incident there remains no
determining piece of evidence that puts
beyond doubt the question as to who was
behind it
of course the samples taken from the
scene had helped British scientists
determine what the poison was but that
isn't the same thing
it was Nava chock they said but don't
ask us which country it came from
because it isn't our job we are a
hundred percent certain that this is
from the Nova Chowk family of nerve
agents a military-grade nerve agent we
provided that information to the police
and to the government and that's really
been our rule in this it's not for us to
advise on whom who made the nerve agent
or where indeed it came from all of
which is a bit embarrassing for the
British Foreign Secretary who apart from
comparing Vladimir Putin to Hitler in
recent weeks had seemed to suggest that
he'd been told by the same scientists
that the poison had come from Russia
they were absolutely categorical and I
asked the guy myself I said are you sure
and he said that there's no doubt which
was seized on by the Russian embassy in
London it's pointed out that over the
course of a fortnight the British side
seemed to have changed its story nor did
it help the British case that some
tweets from the UK Foreign Office on the
same subjects had been deleted the
Russian side roundly accused by the UK
and its allies of disinformation is by
now in full flow arguing that the UK
can't stand up its arguments and along
with its allies in Washington has made
the whole story up to conjure up a new
Cold War
Washington has become fixated with the
fight against a non-existent so-called
Russian threat this has reached such
proportions and acquired such absurd
characteristics that it's possible to
speak of a return to the dark times of
the Cold War in the middle of all this
the experts from the organization from
the Prevention of chemical weapons met
at the Hague at the behest of the
Russians Moscow has said all along that
many countries have another chalk and
neither of the British nor any
what else would be able to prove that
the nerve agent came from Russia the
seeming lack of a consistent argument
from the British side has only
strengthened them in a court of law the
burden of proof rests with the accuser
and while it's true that most of the
British Parliament and indeed many
European governments seem satisfied with
the British assertion that it was
overwhelmingly likely that the Russians
did it the Russians can still say you
can't say for certain that it was us and
they will continue to do so until and
unless the British can provide
categorical evidence Lawrence Lee Al
Jazira in London
