it's 40 years since China began to open
its economy to the world encouraged
ironically by the United States as a
result their brands are among the first
to benefit now Chinese government
officials are warning that four decades
of cooperation is being recklessly
endangered on Wednesday they responded
with carefully targeted countermeasures
that'll hurt a wide range of industries
the tariff ruling committee of the State
Council decided to impose a 25% tariff
on a hundred and six types of products
in 14 different categories including
soybeans cars and chemicals made in
America no mention though of aviation
but on the Commerce ministry website it
says aircraft between 15 and 45 tons
will be subject to the 25% levy a Boeing
737-800 falls into that category soya
bean sales to China are worth 14 billion
dollars a year
General Motors sells more cars here than
in the United States
earlier this week China announced
tariffs on a more modest three billion
dollars worth of Chinese imports
including nuts fruit wine and pork that
was a response to new levies on Chinese
steel and aluminium
sentiments agenda 10 so this is not the
smoke before the fire this is the real
fire the real trade war the war is
ongoing you don't necessarily need to
impose the tariff or ban import to start
a trade off the latest US tariffs
applied to industries at the heart of a
trade strategy called made in China 2025
part of President Xi Jinping's aim to
turn China into an advanced
manufacturing economy in doing so
China's been challenging the big US tech
giants who accused China of stealing and
replicating their technology US business
executives complain that the price of
doing business in China means they have
to partner first with a local company
they say that puts them at an unfair
disadvantage because
they're required to hand over sensitive
know-how know-how that the Chinese side
gets to keep even if the venture goes
sour we have a problem with China they
that's what President Trump means when
he accuses China of stealing
intellectual property he doesn't have to
sign off on the latest tariffs for 60
days that leaves time for negotiation
but not much Adrian Brown al-jazeera
Beijing
