he's known among his colleagues and
those whose lives he saved or helped to
rebuild as dr. miracle
this is Congolese gynecologist Denis
mukwege a working at the pansy hospital
which he established in the Democratic
Republic of Congo for two decades he has
tirelessly worked to treat and protect
women who have suffered sexual violence
and he has risked his life doing so in
2012 armed men stormed his home in South
Kivu province killing a member of his
staff mcquigg a fled the country but
returned in 2013 my decision to come
back to Bukavu was motivated by the fact
that I was determined to pursue the
fight against sexual violence which is
taking place in eastern Congo the second
reason was the determination of the
Congolese women whether it's women in
the diaspora or women of the country the
demand and their calls were too strong
for me to resist the war in the DRC
officially ended in 2003 but violence
between government troops and rebels
some with foreign backing continues
particularly in the mineral-rich east of
the country maguey gay has treated tens
of thousands of rape victims women
children and even babies the rebels
proceeded to rape me in front of my
children after they shot my husband
there were four of them
and after that they inserted a gun
inside my vagina and that's how I got
this condition Okoye gay has described
rape as a weapon of mass destruction the
Norwegian Nobel Committee praised McQuay
gay for repeatedly condemning impunity
for mass rape and criticizing the
Congolese government and other countries
for not doing enough to stop sexual
violence against women as a strategy and
weapon of war channel Strafford al
Jazeera
