after weeks at sea these rehén de have
made it to Malaysia but shortly after
arriving they ended up here a detention
centre their boat was intercepted by
Coast Guard's on Tuesday in waters off
Langkawi Island in northern Malaysia aid
workers from Muslim non-governmental
organisations tried to gain access to
the refugees but were told to wait for
permission yeah my PA
we came here with the intention of
giving basic medical treatment to the RO
hindu refugees who have just arrived
especially the women and children we've
also brought some food and clothes it's
not known how long the refugees will be
held at this immigration detention
center officials are questioning their a
hinge ER to find out whether human
smugglers brought them here authorities
also want to assess whether they are who
they say they are people fleeing
persecution Malaysia is not a signatory
to the UN Convention on refugees it does
not recognize their rights or grant them
legal status yet 60,000 rear-engine live
in Malaysia viewing the muslim-majority
nation as a safe haven of sorts tens of
thousands of rahim je used to escape
myanmar by sea each year fleeing
persecution and violence the exodus
slowed after Southeast Asian countries
crackdown on human trafficking networks
but rights groups warned an upsurge in
violence in Myanmar may see more boat
arrivals particularly when the monsoon
season ends in September around 700,000
rehén de have crossed into Bangladesh
from Myanmar since August following a
military crackdown that the UN has
described as a textbook example of
ethnic cleansing
Florence lui al Jazeera Berlin take
Kedah State Malaysia
