Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince says
Palestinians and Israelis are entitled
to live peacefully on their own land
Mohammed bin Salman made the comments in
an interview with the US magazine The
Atlantic it's seen as a sign of warming
ties between the Saudi Kingdom and
Israel
well he said I believe the Palestinians
and the Israelis have the right to have
their own land but we have to have a
peace agreement to assure stability for
everyone and to have normal relations
there are a lot of interests we share
with Israel and if there is peace there
would be a lot of interest between
Israel and the Gulf Cooperation Council
well I'm joined now in the studio by a
senior political analyst the Marwan
Bashara well how surprising is it to
hear this kind of language coming from
the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia it's
not entirely surprising because we've
been sort of edging towards it for a
couple of years now I think the Saudis
along with the Americans have paved the
way for what I would like to call
normalization of normalization so before
Saudi Arabia does get into some serious
cooperation coordination security and
other work in other words with with
Israel it needs to prepare the public
opinion especially in Saudi Arabia so I
think this is part and parcel of a
revisionist reading of Saudi foreign
policy a revisionist reading of Saudi
history and certainly a revisionist
reading of Saudi approach to the region
and its security notably the relations
with Israel I think of course as
everyone has been saying the last couple
of days the key word was not just as a
question of recognizing Israel because
it was understood that Arab and Muslim
countries and other countries in the
world will recognize Israel once Israel
made peace with the Palestinians and the
Arabs and withdrew from all occupied
territories according to UN resolutions
including the resolving of the refugee
question the issue here is recognizing
its right to exist and some would say
it's historic right to exist do
Jewish people have a historic right to
exist in Palestine meaning the
immigration in the 19th and the 20th
century was okay as not as a colonial
movement but as a people's right to
exist in Palestine I think that was the
question of course the other aspect of
it which is even more important the
timing I mean why now just when the
Israeli don't want to state solutions
just when the is reassuring at
Palestinians in expanding and increasing
the settlement the illegal settlement
building when the peace process is not
going anywhere when Trump has just
recognized Jerusalem as capital of
Israel and basically dropping it from
negotiations so really this is
absolutely the worst time ever to be
saying things like that but so do you
think that Mohammed bin Salman is doing
it because it's part of a rapprochement
with Israel and the United States so do
you think that as part of it he could
try to put more pressure on the Israelis
to for example stop settlement
construction in the West Bank we
certainly haven't heard any of that in
fact Jeffrey Goldberg who himself is an
interviewer he himself is an an ardent
Zionist who once upon a time was a
prison guard during the First Intifada
he actually went to Israel volunteered
to become a prison guard
guarding the Palestinians and he then
became an important journalist in the
United States and he says now one word
of criticism against Israel this was all
praise to you know a possibility of
cooperation so there's no no no notion
of pressure if anything it's also it's
more or less seen as a Saudi attempt at
confronting Iran knowing all too well
that having the likes of Israel and
Egypt is a good thing but someone went
in briefly if you can how has this gone
down in the Arab world then well in the
beginning there was a bit of a denial in
Saudi Arabia itself and our sister
channel our Jazeera Arabic published the
exact words of the crown prince and the
Saudis started accusing Jazeera Arabic
for misquoting the crown prince not
believing that he would say the thing
that he said so I think generally
speaking it does not go down well but
you know dictators are not exactly
responsive to public opinion
Marwin Bashara senior political analyst
thank you
