Kaddi and i cares for her three autistic
boys mostly alone 16 year-old Abdul has
the strength of a grown man but thinks
like a four-year-old when frustrated he
bites gropes
and hits his mother these chant rims
have landed in giant hospital her two
other sons may not know how to speak or
write properly but she says they have
special talents fortune Europe chick has
a knack for drawing complex designs
twelve-year-old Mamadou loves music but
he's still not potty trained and Jai
says they are gifted in their own right
it's just that her family friends and
neighbors aren't capable of seeing it
more than autism it's the way that
others look and treat us that is
traumatizing I have cried a lot they
need attention and I am overwhelmed of
course there has been time where I've
thought of walking out the door and
never coming back but I can't I love
them they are my children the
developmental disorder affects the way a
child communicates in sees the world
it requires specialized care most
Africans don't have autism is a hidden
disability often misdiagnosed and
brushed aside as mental deficiency in
Senegal this ward is helping medical
staff and carers deal with a disorder
parents that brought their children here
don't want to be filmed they're
embarrassed of their children's
condition autism here in San Diego and
throughout West Africa is still
considered by many as a curse
here most still see these children as
being possessed needing not a doctor but
a traditional healer to treat them
these parents bring their daughter to
pop em Bank a healer who says he can
cure mental illnesses in children they
say she no longer follows their gaze and
just stares blankly it is the devil he
says it has come in your womb you must
have sinned with prayers potions and
talismans she will be cured he says
mothers are responsible for their
children's autism they have to hide
their private parts and stop having
sinful thoughts men need to take more
charge
so little is known about autism it
continues to fuel fears not just in
Africa but in the West to where some
believe exposure to chemicals or
vaccinations provokes the disability
foreign giant living with autism is a
daily struggle rewarded only by these
rare occasions when her son's show for a
brief moment their love for her al
jazeera dakar
