hi I'm phony okay and you're in the
stream the presidents of Serbia and
Kosovo say they support land swaps as a
path towards a new dawning relations but
the proposal is dividing opinion I'm
Willie Coble and today we'll ask whether
changing the borders within the Western
Balkans will promote peace or deepen
divisions send us your comments via
Twitter and our live YouTube chat Kosovo
is recognized as a States by 116
countries but neighboring Serbia still
considers it to be a rebel province that
first broke away during a war two
decades ago now president Hashim Fatih
of Kosovo says that there is I'm going
to quote him here a good window of
opportunity and of quote to reach a
final deal with Serbia as the idea of
land swaps gained support party and his
Serbian counterpart Alexander rootage
first put on a united front for altering
the country's borders in August the
precise outline of a land swap has not
been laid out but analysts say Serbia
could absorb parts of northern Kosovo
home to a majority Serbian population
Kosovo could receive parts of Serbia's
for Shia Valley which is largely
populated by ethnic Albanians the
suggestion that land swaps could be part
of a final deal between Kosovo and
Serbia has sparks and fierce debate some
observers say they could reduce tensions
and put both Serbia and Kosovo on the
path towards EU membership but for many
people land swaps are not the answer in
late September thousands of Kosovars
protested against the very idea of
changing the borders of their country to
discuss this further we're joined by
florian Bieber he's a professor of
political science whose work focuses on
southeastern Europe he joins us from
Graz Austria
jelena millet is director of the Center
for euro-atlantic Studies she joins us
from Serbia's capital Belgrade and from
the coast of a capital Christina we have
argon malechy he is an activist and
policy analyst it's good to have you
here everybody Froy
I'm just thinking back to that map that
we showed at the beginning of the
program it seems a little bit extreme
for two countries whose borders have
been quite set for some time to be
thinking about giving a bit of this back
taking a bit of this what is behind it
well it's it's got a lot to do with the
fact that both countries have an
established normal diplomatic relation
Serbia refuses to recognize Kosovo and
has long claimed in its constitution
that Kosovo is a part of Serbia so
there's an open question and the real
question is how to resolve it to resolve
with your border changes or something
else it's clear the message has been
from the European Union that they need
to resolve the differences they have to
have some terms in which they recognize
one another so that both of them can
join the European Union so at the end of
the day it's actually about both being
in the EU and both having no border
between each other that's the sort of
way the irony of the whole debate
oh god I'm just thinking about as I mean
we had another look at that map there
how easy is it to go from Kosovo into
Serbia from Serbia into Kosovo bearing
in mind that the at the end of
acrimonious relationship that hasn't
happened yet oh there has been you know
in terms of freedom of movement
improvement because there's been a
dialogue and over the past three years
facilitated by the EU you know as well
you can go to serve you know or
certainly can move really into Kosovo
the problem is that this idea of border
changes now it comes at Florin explain
the context right it's it's part of this
process of joining the EU the EU wants
countries that want that want to join it
to resolve this bilateral disputes and
what is happening now is because there's
been this artificial kind of deadline
said the 2019 should be maybe a kind of
date where a final like comprehensive
solutions should be should be reached
and the challenge is that this is not a
preferred option for Kosovo this land
swap and and it's it does not enjoy and
Western polling has shown that this does
not enjoy why it's wide support but it's
kind of has been imposed or at least a
part of the politically thing especially
present Russia has kind of embraced it
because Kosovo you know the expectation
from from the west and from parts of the
EU is that Kosovo should make some sort
of compromise for Serbia to recognize it
within these borders and it's very
difficult for Kosovo to sort of come up
with with any more concessions more than
it has given in terms by that I mean
giving more rights into Kosovo Serbs so
now with Co so we're not having any more
to give we've come to this idea of you
know maybe exchanging territories and
this is actually a here that means
preferred by by Serbia and the key
difference in wines has become now
acceptable is the shifts in the
international community until now
borders have been sort of any top of
borders has been sort of strongly
discouraged though the borders in the
Balkans have been perceived then you can
see there's you know as set and that
countries should resolve any kind of
minority issues within these existing
borders but now there's been a bit of a
shift in literature community especially
in terms of the u.s. position on this so
this difference in opinion or so this
openness of the u.s. towards this issue
has has impacted the way some people in
Kosovo especially President as she sees
this and you know sees it as one of the
ways of how to possibly resolve this
making it sound like a magic bullet but
it's actually it's still we still don't
know what we're actually talking about
so I'm glad that you brought that up you
were actually raised several interesting
points there that several of our
community members are echoing I wanted
to pause on just one because you gave us
the view from Kosovo I wanted to share
the view from Belgrade this is someone
who tweets in the main discussion is
about territory but we should but what
we should talk about is people and how
to ensure that Albanians and Serbs live
in a society in which it's guaranteed
the rule of law
security access to justice freedom of
movement and speech respective human and
minority rights and job opportunities so
yell and I want to go to you with that
coming to us from Belgrade are these
things that citizens are not
accessing right now on other side in
Serbia or in Kosovo well first of all a
few comments I think it is fair to
notice that actually five in your Member
States four of them are also NATO member
states haven't recognized Kosovo as well
and it is not merrily a bilateral
dispute between Serbia and it's rayon of
a promise which rightfully declared
independence as many pundits and
commentators and frankly diplomats
wanted to present we are talking about
pretty unique case Serbia has been
punished you know with good reason by
NATO intervention 1999 for mass
violation of human rights and no ongoing
humanitarian crisis and killing of
civilians but then to strip the part of
a territory as well it's a pretty unique
case and it is not bilateral dispute it
is full-fledged multilateral dispute
bearing in mind that there are member
states of the Security Council for also
not recognizing Kosovo but yes in a way
what we are trying I think in a good
page to find is an acceptable physical
peaceful agreement between Serbia and
Kosovo that can keep both countries or
territories on the EU part and since
it's the formal dialogue between
Belgrade in Kosovo started five years
ago none has changed with regard to the
recognition of the five new your member
states that still haven't recognized
Kosovo and it is not that all the
commitments have been met by both sides
for example the association of
municipalities of Serbia hasn't been set
up etcetera etcetera so
adjustment of administrative line
between Kosovo in Serbia is actually not
fine final goal as such it is just one
of the tools in an effort to find more
comprehensive durable acceptable
solution which of course should include
all other things but it is not fair to
narrow it down as the stated percentage
did to just some kind
of a bitch and demand for the territory
these whole municipalities actually are
where some of the key strategic
resources are walkie Jelena both sides
have an interest for so this is actually
part of most pragmatical approach if you
ask me in 2018 okay so Yelena there's
there's a obviously there's a political
conversation happening at a certain
level but there are also people who are
living either in Serbia or Kosovo trying
to work out what might happen to them if
they're in these areas that are being
discussed so hold tight hold tight for a
moment cuz I actually want to hear from
some of those people so in September in
the Serbian town of Provo we talked to
an Albanian and a Serbian about the
prospect of them being not in Serbia
anymore but being in Kosovo this is what
they told us joining Kosovo would mean
free trade because here there is massive
unemployment and there is no future
that's why young people are leaving but
what if there's a conflict god forbid a
conflict brings the greatest damage to
all we should by no means give away what
isn't meant as a gift throw in what I'm
not clear about is what is the actual
plan how does that how does this
actually happen or really even happen is
it just talk at a political level that
will never actually happen I mean I I
think that we don't know that that's
part of the problem we haven't nobody
knows the details of such an idea I mean
Yana is one of the you know one of the
people from think tank scene who's been
advocating it or has been suggesting
these border changes but from the
official politics we haven't had any
clear kind of outline what this would
look like and also how to deal with it
because as we just saw in this little
report I mean they are Serbs living in
the pressure wall pressure work we on
abuts the towns which I talked about
where would be they end up they
certainly would be rather unhappy to be
all of a sudden possible citizens but
also we're going to keep in mind that a
significant share of Serbs do not
in the north of Kosovo they lived in
their central parts of Gaza which could
not join Serbia and they would find
themselves in a more vulnerable position
you find some of the most vocal critics
of the idea of border changes among
those Serbs Serbs from towns like
Gretchen ISA or there were other
villages and communities across possible
but could not help to be or or or
anticipate to be part of Serbia so
there's a degree of uncertainty and I
think that's partly one of the danger of
such a plan that it creates more anxiety
and I've totally agree with Jelena that
of course the goal is rule of law the
goal is is it a certain we're moving
both countries forward but the question
is whether this change of borders and I
think we shouldn't call a correction of
administrative borders and anything like
that I mean I was told is it a joke
impossible nowadays how do you call a
haircut you call it a hair correction
because people start using the term
correction for border changes it's a
water change and that's a fairly
significant one will affect several tens
of thousands if not hundreds thousand
people and and that creates a lot of
difficulties and what really very clear
about the potential risks and dangers of
it and I think those who've been
advocating it or putting it on the
agenda have not been mapping this out
and at the end it's talk about
territories it is a talk about
territories and once terror countries on
the agenda it gets to be very difficult
to focus on issues of rule of law on
democracy and on human rights and I feel
like this debate has sidelined this what
really matters for most citizens it is
about jobs it's about predictable
governments and neither side neither
costs or no certainty has really
offering it for most of its citizens at
the moment I don't believe that a border
changes would offer a better path
towards that and I think that that is
one of the risks that the agenda gets
hijacked by a nationalist at a debate of
the territory I get the other side
doesn't get so it's a zero-sum game of
losers and winners in Florian adding to
that uncertainty and that anxiety that
you talked about is a tweet like this
this is Jimbo who says this will all
depend on the population living on the
sad lands for swapping for it to work
there must be 100% agreement between
both the government and the population
however there doesn't look like there
this is a tweet we got from puns and
roses who says hopefully you will make
it clear on this show the post of a so a
Serbia territory swap is opposed by 77%
of Kosovo citizens and despite this the
EU and the US are trying to sell it as a
will of the people idea so that 77% stat
comes from a poll done in September by
the Kosovo Democratic Institute you can
see it here and we can also tweet it out
for you would you accept the exchange of
territory between Kosovo and Serbia as
part of the normalization agreement
between the parties and you see it there
the know is pretty overwhelming argon
what are people saying yes but there's a
caveat to this because as Florian also
mentioned people still we still don't
know what what is being exchanged what's
what there what are the other aspects of
this agreement because this will not
only be an exchange also include other
parts like Kosova joining the UN you
know we still don't know what will
happen to the right that Serbs have
currently with in Kosovo so this idea is
still very vague and very clear so
people are people's opinion so far about
it is mostly based on like sort of a
rejection personal rejection of the
person was proposed and that's president
past you who has lost considerable trust
in the political scene now I think when
we talk about human voice like the
voices of the actual people and also
will be affected we should definitely be
worried about those who are in these
affected areas but there is another part
of the population that is deeply
affected by this and this is one of the
reasons why there is a sense of a rush
to have an agreement and these are the
other 90% living in the other parts of
the country both in Serbia and in Kosovo
who are in a way stuck as hostage
exactly as hostage of this of this you
know this the continuing this of this
limbo and of this special Serbia issue
not being resolved it's empowering you
know there's the flip side of this it's
empowering nationalists it's allowing a
political elite to sort of securitize
the issue and and sort of you know and
then rule by sort of being the more
patriotic on this of this issue it's
hampering democratization in Kosovo it
has really damaged our state building
process it has damaged reconciliation
because for example in in coast of all
the minority is still seeing a little
bit
the threat as sort of being representing
Serbia and not actually being you know a
minority and it's also damaging this so
security architecture for the whole
region so my concern is and what some
people who might be a little more
pragmatic on the solution right now is
that you know is this this is a
definitely a horrible deal with a lot of
risks but is it really worse than the
status quo or this continuation of
because that's a really good point to
put to Jelena Jelena
oh I tend to agree with my colleague
from Kosovo people like that it's a
really or I are also citizens of this
territories and they have a right to
voice what we see is the best future for
most of us yes it is complicated maybe
it's going to be complicated for some
individuals who are living along the
administrative line and it is still an
administrative line because Serbia
hasn't recognized Kosovo like five men
EU Member States for example but
speaking about risks ever since this
idea became a mainstream topic nothing
happened no magnificant security threat
challenges god forbid exoduses pundits
and individuals who are not representing
many people like Misrata track which a
survey on each are claiming speaking
about the change even if you one border
2008 when Kosovo unilaterally declared
independence was also the change of type
of the border for many even those living
south of it but you know you mean four
municipalities and still nothing
significant in terms of security happens
so we are not talking big security risks
as some pundits and former diplomats are
talking about as they speak today huge
NATO Serbia civilian exercises with
2,000 troops is going Secretary General
of NATO and president which had
excellent press conference announcing on
both sides improvement of cooperation
between Serbia Aneta
etcetera etcetera sometimes mr. Beeber
for example launched this term of the
bureaucracy as
criticizing the EU for favoring
stability stability over democracy but
what we hear from the same point it's
now is that actually they are
championing stability in terms on
perceptions of what region was back in
night is not acknowledging all the
improvements and reality of total was in
18th including the fact that Croatia
Albania Montenegro are now member states
of NATO even Romania and Bulgaria was
not the member states of NATO in the
period and first initial dialogue
between Kosovo and Serbia started now
they are both legend aid the members
separately so the I Jelena I hear what
you're saying I wanted I want a policy
for a moment because I want to bring in
two members of our community I I do
believe you did if you're actually
keeping score I do believe you did but
what I want to bring in as a someone who
actually reiterates what some of what
you are saying and they're in a
back-and-forth with someone else online
so this first person is Ilya he says I
believe this land swap will open a
Pandora's box in the region the
predominantly Serb entity in Bosnia will
then want to move closer to Serbia
ethnic Albanians in the former Macedonia
Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
will want to join with Kosovo now the
person who has your point of view rights
in does this is Janet Serbia who says
the Pandora's box was opened with the
recognition of Kosovo a Serbian province
why because it was a unilateral decision
against the Serbian Constitution
international law and the UN resolution
and unlike that the land slop land swap
would be a deal between sites involved
but not with those parties so Florian I
want to go to you with this argument
here in this idea of a Pandora's Box
being opened for future conflict I mean
I would be skeptical in the sense that
we're not going to see a fuck you know a
tremendous change overnight if the
border you know if we would have the
border changes between Serbia and Kosovo
first of all they would have to be
bilaterally agreed and that's quite
different from a unilateral claim to
change borders so I would not be the one
who says you know Pandora's box me in
supported changes tomorrow
but it's certainly the message is we
want F NIC borders and I think you know
Yellin I would really you know kind of
push
I'm not saying that you know
fundamentally I'm not saying that there
should be there should be a stability at
the price of democracy but what I'm
rather saying is that aren't we by
letting the borders follow ethnic lines
and this is what this is fundamentally
about aren't aren't encouraged but let
me just finish the sentence we're
fundamentally encouraging that other
nationalist parties will try to change
the borders along ethnic lines because
we're saying this is possible this is
legitimate and this is something which I
think not immediately but in the long
term will encourage exactly the wrong
political forces and wildy destabilizing
for multi-ethnic states like Bosnia like
Macedonia and others yeah can I just add
something else that I saw and this is
not a pundit I know you're talking a lot
about pundits today but this is from
Kosovo's prime minister ramesh harridan
aaj have a look here on my laptop this
is an interview that he did quite
recently with the Irish Times he says
that this idea of changing the borders
it would mean war if we reopen what has
already been agreed it means reopening
the past and in our region reopening the
past means reopening wars all these
borders are the result of tragic wars
that is the prime minister of kosovo who
is not in line with the president of
kosovo there so even debate among
scholars and embarrassing credit should
be actually responded to it we don't
have that kind of flames coming from
Serbia but please like me if you ask me
so many questions let me just answer
some of them first of all it is not
ethnic partition partition by ethnic
line it is just the least bad feasible
option at this peak there is no even
reason to write to federica mogherini
and claim that we are going along the
line of creation of one ethnic States
because as they speak in Serbia there
are ongoing process of election of
national councils of ethnic minorities
and there is 21 of them who materials
are in the government Bosnians from
sanjak have been participating in the
Serbian government we don't hear any
other of the claims of this drama-queen
approaches that
are just going to fall apart and again
as we said there is an increased
cooperation between Serbia not just to
mention one thing contrary tonight is
the entire region is in the process of
the EU integration there are
corporations among under the RCC
regional cooperation council of the
chief of staff's of all the member
states of the region including constable
there is Adriatico charter etc etc
Serbia is having individual partnership
action plan with NATO so I don't know
who is going to trigger him to start
this board I'm frankly would like if the
international journalists would ask mr.
Carradine eye on that because he is just
echoing some of these pretty obsolete
and old-school plans with small risks if
properly addressed is totally contained
we are actually possibly gaining a lot
sir we are getting closer to the United
States and okay and yeah so I'm going to
wrap you up
Jelena thank you I'm gonna wrap you up
for a moment earlier you heard from
people in Serbia talking about maybe
being incorporated into Kosovo I want
you to hear from people in Kosovo who
may well be incorporated into into
Serbia and you're hear from in just a
second from a Serbian and an Albanian so
again the thoughts down on the ground
have a listen I don't know what will
happen with serbs south of here in that
case the division is between Serbs and
them unfortunately that is bad
changing the borders I believe is
dangerous
it is best for Kosovo to insist on
preserving its borders I would life for
preserve ah med Vita and Bojana fish to
be a part of Kosovo but I don't believe
that Serbia would give away all here as
well this is via YouTube legendary
rights in there are no benefits and as
soon as you start demanding land and
switching it about conflict happens and
war follows thank you to our guest
Florian Jelena Argonne of course this
show is not long enough to have this
discussion I'm going to take you all
online at at AJ stream to be continued
thank you very much for taking part
Malik and I will see you online
see you next time
