it's been a busy few years for the
Brazilian news media starting with the
impeachment of a president Dilma
Rousseff in 2016 then covering the
controversial policies of her successor
Michel temer and then on to the
corruption conviction last year of the
most popular politician in the country
Lula da Silva and now the assassination
of a city councilor in Rio de Janeiro a
woman who embodied a new kind of
politics on behalf of the country's poor
Mariela Franco's murder was a hit job
clearly intended to send a message
Franco had campaigned against the
violent policing of the favelas urban
slums which are mostly populated by
Brazilians who share Franco's heritage
African the coverage of a story has
revealed some of the Brazilian news
media's attitudes to the poor some
outlets have used Franco's murder to
argue in favor of President timorous
militarization of policing something
Franco herself had opposed media coming
out of the favelas however are telling a
different story one more in line with
Franco's own politics
our starting point this week is Rio de
Janeiro
you see that no stripping this is is
seeing a viscous unhappy that Japanese
son is imply asesinos the video hood so
by the alley friend it wasn't an
ordinary murder it was an attempt to
silence a voice a voice it was they it's
inconceivable that a city councilor is
shot four times in the head that's not
what the Jews cannot visit Mary Ellis
death was a very brutal death a death
but tested us which warned us that
Brazil's democracy is at risk see a
Brazilian Alabang yesh since the tragedy
happened Mariela has been our number one
story even in her death Mariela Franco
drew attention to the causes she had
fought for her opposition to the
creeping militarization of police forces
into Brazilian favelas particularly in
her home city of Rio de Janeiro was one
of them it may have cost her her life
there have been many politicians
murdered in Brazil most of the time
they're involved with the militias or
drug trafficking or simply corrupt
criminals that was not the case with
Mariela at all she was actually the
opposite of that it was clear from the
beginning that this was a political
crime the first political murder in Rio
in decades and this murder was of a
black woman from the favelas who stood
up for those who were poor black and
live in the favelas it was impossible
for this not to make a huge impact in
the news what's sad
Mariela Franco had all the disadvantages
black poor gay a single mother by the
age of 19 she went on to get a masters
degree in sociology and was elected to
Rio City Council where she advocated on
behalf of the people of her favela Mari
just over a month ago president Michel
temer changed the way some of those
favelas are policed adding a military
component in what's known as the federal
intervention an Army General was put in
charge of Rio's police force commando
teams and other troops have been sent in
on security operations those raids are
often captured by news campus so the
media coverage has been extensive and in
a cruel piece of iron the murder of
Mariela Franco has been followed by
calls for even more troops to be sent
into the favelas Franco strongly opposed
sending the military into those areas
saying it was a mistake the intervention
is like a TV spectacle it's a political
power play it's the central government
trying to draw the public's attention
away from other issues to raise the
president's popularity Presidente Michel
temer GC contra say Santos Santos
Millions ji Hye's Davis a libera Deus
para seguir and Sudoku it's also great
for the media especially broadcasters
because it generates shocking images
that boost ratings for television it's
like if I look older than me we're
talking here about the power of the
media how they go overboard sometimes
how they cast light on some things and
not over others which creates a false
impression
sona's primera so hasta maana my 0zn two
skills you drogas photo op r ng dos
suus praises the result is a whole
scenario in which the city is unsafe and
so the public back the federal
intervention I see that Jenny things
don't fit that out imaginative an image
on TV is worth a thousand words
1 million arguments in a visual society
more and more people struggle to read
and the power of images is very strong
it turns violence into a spectacle which
anesthetize is the population it
actually creates the entire context
which causes this violence sociology
Levinson learnings analysis of news
coverage in Brazil starts with Globo the
country's biggest broadcaster and by far
its most influential media company
global comes to any story involving the
military with excess baggage the network
overtly backed the military government
that ruled Brazil from 1964 to 1985
something which it admitted to in 2013
and publicly apologized global retains a
right-wing ideology that was on display
again in 2014-2015 when it called
protesters onto the streets to help
deposed Dilma Rousseff a leftist
president over charges of corruption
so when Global's flagship news magazine
fant√°stico produced a two hour long
special on the killing of Mariela Franco
Franco supporters were watching
carefully warily it would see I talked
to the editor I talked to the producer
during the shoot and I asked them not to
be sensationalized I said those exact
words in the end some people loved it
some people hated it
my critique is that the narrative
legitimizes the federal intervention in
the other NATO weapon is Mohammed o
segundo
after Fantastico did the whole story
with the family at the end of the day it
presented the intervention as a
necessity as justified after Marianas
assassination when in fact she
questioned and criticized it I mean
they've been so many that it was there
were some positive things about the
report produced by Fantastico
they humanized the victim however one
issue that wasn't raised and this is in
keeping with her editorial line his
Amari nd was totally against the
intervention they have a political
agenda we know that there are no truly
independent media no one believes that
there are the coverage the brazilian
news media give this story is affected
by their commercial interests police on
the streets can attract ratings and also
by the way they portray the country 54%
of the population is of African heritage
but the Brazil presented on the airwaves
is disproportionately white not just the
news coverage but other forms of
programming as well I cannot not when so
few of the anchors actors politicians
and newsmakers are black crime stories
that include black brazilians inevitably
create skewed perceptions stereotypes
that tend to be perpetuated by the
mostly white press corps doing the
reporting issues Joffe syria jnh jewish
multi-vendor two dragons not coming
dodging unfortunately in brazil social
inequality as a color and the name most
of the population is made up of black
and poor people and most of them live in
the favela
out of this comes the idea that the
favela is an evil place full of
criminals and bad happens most
journalists are middle class so this
discourse gets perpetuated the media
itself must change his perception
because it ends up legitimizing violence
people from the favelas don't trust
journalists when the military entered
Marais in 2014
the soldiers would come in with
journalists following behind them the
suit you wondered who was the invader
the soldiers at the front or the
journalists at the back range you all
join at least a surprise how can you
talk with the journalist after they come
protected by soldiers how can you speak
with the journalist that is wearing a
bulletproof vest when you don't have
your own when you're not protected this
is why people of the favela don't trust
journalist available think while careful
feels enjoy minister but what are the
people in the favelas like it or not
trust them
journalists in the mainstream media are
the ones telling their story and selling
the security narrative to the rest of
Brazil Mariela Franco saw it another way
and put it another way in an op-ed she
wrote for the shore now
de Bracy the so-called sense of security
she said is nothing more than a
political and media narrative the
editors say she submitted that article
just hours before she was killed
it was published posthumously two days
later the piece was headlined Ultimates
Pallavas last words
