for many Easter is a time to mark the
resurrection of Jesus Christ it's a time
of rebirth and reflection and for the
Christians of ham denia in the Nineveh
plane in Iraq second city of Mosul it's
particularly relevant the Christian
community here is going through its own
rebirth when ISIL took over the Nineveh
Plains in 2014 it tried to destroy the
Christian community some 55,000 people
fled isil's violent rule from Hamden ear
alone when the armed group was defeated
late last year they started to come back
and this is what they found
destroyed churches and homes there is no
government support at all it seems that
the government does not care about the
people in here
the people here are helpless when people
return to al Hamdani they only see their
houses burned and destroyed and their
properties looted and stolen people are
spending from their pockets to rebuild
their homes while the government did not
show any care so far it's a common
complaint from Iraqis who feel the
government has abandoned them the Iraqi
government is seeking money to rebuild
former ISIL areas it's appealing to the
international community for help and
says it needs a hundred billion dollars
nowhere near enough cash has been
pledged so far
people like Nadia Hanna can't even
return because there's nothing to return
to her house is destroyed in a family
scattered across refugee camps and
rented accommodations in northern Iraq
she herself lives in Erbil but visits
Hamed Ania often all of my belongings
were looted and the house was destroyed
I'm left with nothing at all I live in a
rental in Erbil City I can't return my
health is deteriorating and I need
medical attention my husband suffers -
in Baghdad the Christian community was
spared much of the violence that others
faced under ISIL even here in Baghdad
churches are hidden away behind blast
walls and tight security
now religious leaders and the faithful
will be praying that things get better
Iraq's Christians are actually one of
the most established religious
communities on the entire planet in 2014
almost all the Christians had fled the
Nineveh province according to the
patriarch the
Saeko there were no Christians remaining
in Mosul for the first time in the
nation's history today though in Mosul
and across the Nineveh province they
come together this Easter to mark
important holiday and pray for a better
future of Iraq's Christians Imran Khan
al Jazeera thanked
