thailand's seafood industry is one of
the largest in the world but it's a
sector that's mired in problems like
illegal fishing practices and labor
abuses the European Union is threatening
to ban all seafood imports from Thailand
prompting a crackdown on the industry
from the Thai government's the
international criticism also sparked a
restructure of how it handles migrant
workers who form the backbone of Thai
industry particularly the seafood sector
the result a narrow two-month window for
more than a million and a half
undocumented workers to register with
the government in the final days before
the deadline there were almost a million
still to register to receive 2-year ID
cards and work permits workers waited
hours sometimes days in line at
immigration processing centers I have
about four or five minutes left before I
get the papers by have to wait in a long
queue there are too many people here
under the new regulations the seafood
industry has received special attention
because of the abuses that have been
taking place workers have undergone iris
scanning allowing them to be monitored
to stop them falling victim to slavery
and human trafficking the people here
hope the new initiatives will help
provide them with greater rights and
protection from abuse but in reality
it'll come down to enforcement of the
laws and in Thailand that's often where
the system falls down it's long been
alleged that many fishing boat owners
and factory operators bribed police and
local government officials to look the
other way when allegations of abuse
arise Thailand's military government
says it's getting tough on corruption
and the new regulations will help the
workers when these migrant workers are
granted a work permit they will get the
rights and benefits of Thailand's social
security system the same as Thai workers
and they will be protected by Thai laws
but the migrants have found the
registration process confusing
convoluted and expensive with people
having to pay for brokers to help them
navigate the system after waiting all
day Mong Mong lui
received his ID card but thought the
immigration staff had spelled his name
wrong
in the end the card was correct but
because he doesn't have enough paperwork
from Myanmar it'll expire in six months
meaning he'll have to start all over
again
Wayne hey al Jazeera some what's a con
Thailand's
