hello I'm handsome seeker this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics this week there's a new way to
trade oil a crude futures contract was
launched in China find out what it all
means for the dollar and oil exporting
countries the Africa CEO forum 2018 way
into Africa trade was a hot topic of the
world's largest gathering of the
continents private sector plus a push
for better regulation of the digital
economy has led to a rocky end of
quarter for big tech this week history
was made when the Shanghai International
energy exchange launched the first crude
futures contracts priced in Chinese
renminbi or yuan it is an attempt to
turn the global oil market on its head a
China the world's biggest oil importer
buys around 9 million barrels of oil
every day and it wants to use its own
currency to price the world's most
traded commodity you've heard of petrol
dollars but what about petrol yuan the
US dollar has been the main currency for
oil futures contracts are launching a
contract in its domestic currency is a
sign that China wants to you want to
play a bigger role in global oil trading
China is also taking on the world's most
used oil benchmarks Brent and WTI crude
which are both priced in dollars but
Shanghai traded oil is still far away
from earning benchmark status and taking
on the petro dollar won't be easy well
joining us now from London is Mikael
made an Asia analyst and vice president
of research at energy aspects thanks
very much for being with us so first off
what does this mean then for the major
oil producers particularly here in in
the Gulf region who have always traded
on the US dollar for now it doesn't mean
many changes oil is still going to trade
in the US dollar but increasingly over
time there will be more transactions
Mb this is not a game-changer yet this
is not at all
the RMV the Chinese currency UPS eating
the US dollar but it does mean that
increasingly some of the flows will go
in RMB this gives Chinese refiners and
domestic traders the ability to buy
crude using their own currency but again
the transition to the dollar will still
have to happen so just picking up on
that then what what does this name mean
for for the oil consumers like China
that they are going to be trading on on
their own currency what is that
what implications does that have going
forward I mean the goal is for China to
establish an Asian benchmark that will
reflect Chinese consumption and sort of
Chinese and more broadly Asian demand
patterns but in the near term we have to
bear in mind that roughly seventy or
even more than that of the people
registered on the I in year retail
investors so there is a huge risk of
speculation being pretty rampant on on
the ine and to begin with we are seeing
quite a lot of movement that is fueled
just by the need of Chinese mom-and-pop
investors to find a place to put their
money so we shouldn't place too much
emphasis for now on this as a reflection
of Chinese consumption needs but again
as the iron evolves and as the contract
specifics are ironed out it will become
a better reflection of how China is
consuming oil and how much it needs on a
forward basis does this have the
potential though in the future to to
challenge the US dollar dominance in oil
trading I mean I think that's still
highly unlikely I mean if we're looking
at a 10 15 outlook perhaps but for that
to happen we would need the Chinese
currency to become freely convertible we
would need other countries to open up to
settlement in the RMB but again the
first and the primary issue will be
currency convertibility and for now the
Chinese government is very reluctant to
loosen currency controls and to give it
up to free trade and how much of a
challenge is that gonna be then for
foreign investors because the goal here
is is as well is to get more foreign
investors to buy into Chinese oil
futures in foreign investors are very
cautiously
starting to trade on the ine they can
hedge their RMP exposure but again it
will be more of limited transactions on
the ironi to try and get a sense of how
these are happening what the I&E could
become is a storage play in Asia so
because there are storage tanks
associated with the ine it could be a
venue for foreign traders or foreign
investors will be mostly traders and
people with the physical exposure to
bring crude to China store it offshore
and then deliver it elsewhere into Asia
so there is the element of hedging a
currency risk which I think a lot of
foreign investors are used to but before
this becomes a more widely used tool
again we would need the Chinese oil
market to open up much further and the
Chinese currency to liberalize in much
deeper way than it is currently and
we've heard a lot of talk over the last
year about the Chinese President Xi
Jinping's one belt one road initiative
this this initiative to develop ties
across Europe the Middle East and Asia
could paying in paying for the one
paying one for oil how is that tied in
to that I mean it's all part of again
China's you could call it empire
building it's laying the infrastructure
and then laying the physical
infrastructure and then the financial
technical foundations for China to
become the hub or the center of a
broader trading universe if you will
that it revolves around the Silk Road
there are actors that do pay in our and
being that are willing to accept those
trade offs more often than not the
producers that are willing to buy an R
and B are the ones that are under
sanctions or that have limited access to
global financial markets and therefore
it is a double-edged sword for them
right now so again the currency the RMB
will increase in a world you're seeing
an increase in global transactions that
is part of the belton road but for China
to become a truly global player it will
also have to relinquish some of the
controls that it likes to hold on in the
foreign in the domestic market and again
that will take time what's the
likelihood of that of that happening of
China's government loosing loosening the
reins so to speak
it's very hard to see that happen in the
coming five years they still have a lot
of domestic challenges that they need to
meet and those and I think the
government sent increasingly under siege
in paying is that the state and the
party needs a very firm control over
that
if liberalisation was the trend in the
90s I think we're very much seeing a
reversal of that so China is very much
willing to become a global player but
under its own terms and whether the
global market in global investors are
happy to take that on I think we're not
seeing a huge amount of appetite for
that yet we calm a done thanks for being
with us thank you now technology stocks
have had a dramatic week at one point
the so-called
Fang stocks of Facebook Amazon Netflix
and Google saw their worst one-day loss
as a group but by Thursday they managed
to end the quarter higher and it's all
because the business models of tech
Titans like Facebook have been getting
more attention from regulators and stock
market valuations may have to be
adjusted if the current business models
are forced to change and the way our
data is used is something Jonah hall
explores now gluten field every single
time the man who murdered Joshua is an
illegal alien I want us to pave the road
from Ankara to Brussels political attack
ads are nothing new nor is aiming there
but a carefully selected audience
so-called micro targeting what is
relatively new is the use of
personalized data by political campaigns
to find out almost as much about you as
you know about yourself in terms of the
whole ethos of influence and persuasion
you know every every post everything
that you like these are all bits of data
that go in towards building a profile
against against people they're not the
same knowledge is power so it's really
surgically being able to predict and
influence people's behavior at the heart
of the scandal involving the political
consultancy Cambridge analytic and it's
alleged use of data from 50 million
Facebook profiles is the charge that
personal data has been used to distort
and undermine the democratic process but
the easiest way that you can influence
someone's behavior
is by kinked continually showing them
something time and time again then
they've throught become unconsciously
influenced and therefore take on
potentially a new new belief system the
point of most political campaigns is to
change beliefs and attitudes so is there
anything wrong with targeting voters in
this way
Cambridge analytical has boasted that
it's cutting edge micro targeting
campaign won the US election for Donald
Trump that sparked outrage and
indignation of course especially among
trumps political opponents but it's
worth remembering that a previous
president is also believed to have won
the White House thanks to online micro
targeting none other than Barack Obama
and with considerably less outrage and
indignation as a result well I think the
segmentation that they are doing now
which Cambridge analytical doing now is
very much the same thing that Barack
Obama did in 2012 is trying to make the
advertisements as relevant and personal
to people and voters as as possible
Benedict Pringle is an ad executive who
also runs a blog on the sometimes dirty
business of political advertising his
day job and his sideline have much in
common while campaign techniques become
ever more precise winning elections is
after all a sales job I think that the
margins in the Trump election and in the
brexit referendum were so small and the
number of people that were in play the
persuadable voters were so few that the
number of ads that will run the amount
of money that was spent in targeting
them would have undoubtedly had an
impact on the result would it change the
result impossible to say will it have
impacted at least you know a decent
chunk of the persuadable voters
absolutely so micro targeting is a
winning strategy that's here to stay and
the more data we put into the system
about ourselves the more data is
available to influence to persuade and
to change the way we think now reports
that US President Donald Trump is
looking to change the way online
retailer Amazon is regulated since its
share price plummets
earlier this week Katya Lopez ha Joanne
reports at closing bell the price of
Amazon shares had dropped by some five
percent in the course of the day that's
a loss of close to fifty billion dollars
to shareholders
this is a consequence of a report that
President Trump is and I quote obsessed
with Amazon I applaud the formation of
the innovation Council and angry at its
owner Jeff Bezos here in a conversation
with President Trump during a roundtable
at the White House the last time Amazon
suffered this scale of loss followed
this tweet in August of last year Amazon
is doing great damage to taxpaying
retailers declared president Trump towns
cities and states throughout the US are
being hurt many jobs being lost perhaps
not coincidentally be Tso's is also the
owner of The Washington Post that has
been twinned with Amazon in disparaging
presidential tweets the report quotes an
unnamed source as saying Trump has
wandered aloud if there may be any way
to go after Amazon with antitrust or
competition law despite this being the
domain of the Federal Trade Commission
and the Justice Department the White
House denies there is any specific
policy being considered against any
specific organization we have no
announcements and no specific policies
or actions that were currently pushing
forward or considering taking the
president has said many times before
he's always looking to create a level
playing field for all businesses and
this is no different and he's gonna
always can look at different ways but
there aren't any specific policies on
the table at this time an assurance that
may ring hollow to shareholders who have
lost billions that's the possible
consequence of a president once again
publicly thinking aloud all right still
to come on counting the cost a
rebranding of tourist towns in the
mountains of Cyprus
but first when stocks are included in a
big international index it means
millions of dollars of foreign
investment will flow in that's because
index tracker funds by law have to buy
stocks that make up these indexes so
let's look at this week's decision to
include Saudi Arabia's stock market in a
key emerging market index run by footsie
Russell from March 2019 that could
prompt inflows of about five billion
dollars from funds tracking the index
rival global index MSC I will make a
decision in June on whether to include
Saudi stocks that could mean a further
10 billion dollars would pour in
boosting foreign ownership of Saudi
stocks and foreign buyer interest is
something the Saudis will be chasing if
a plan to list part of the world's
biggest oil company Saudi Aramco goes
ahead and you may have seen some
headlines this week about the world's
biggest ever solar project Saudi Arabia
and Japan Softbank signed up to a two
hundred billion dollar solar mega plan
it will feature the biggest battery ever
made and networks of solar panels across
the saudi arabian desert
several analysts a caution the current
agreement is not binding and could be
revised
now anger is growing from some consumers
in Somalia over the rising cost of
shopping and eating out it's because of
the first five percent sales tax in
nearly 30 years the government says the
levy is crucial for Somalia's economic
recovery Mohamed ro reports from
Mogadishu Mogadishu sliggoo bitch is a
sign of Somalia's growing sense of
optimism at its coffers with shaded
tables set clients mainly made of
militias welfare elite sipping expensive
coffee but these days they are having to
pay more for their food and drinks the
government has just introduced a five
percent sales tax for the first time in
almost 30 years many unhappy
I just paid three dollars of tax yet I
don't trust this government they have
mismanaged revenue from other sources
including donor funds these tax will not
be different the reaction of Somali
traders to the tax has been more
dramatic shops and stores in Mogadishu
spalling baccarat market which is a
lifeline for the City and surrounding
areas remain closed for days the traders
were particularly and get by the
government's insistence that they pay
the value-added tax up front we had
meetings with the prime minister in his
finance minister to voice our complaints
the meetings was inconclusive we then
decided to shut our businesses in
protests businesses have since reopened
signalling a first round of victory for
the government of God we explained that
there was no going back on this tax and
that it must be paid for the sake of the
nation of Somalia people relented and
now more and more people are stepping
forward to register for taxation
government officials say revenue from
taxes will be distributed across the
regions of the country to fund
healthcare education infrastructure and
security tax collection is also a key
condition for debt relief for Somalia
from the International Monetary Fund and
the World Bank Somalia all around four
billion dollars most of it interest and
penalties on nearly three decade old
loans made to the former military
government whose overthrow in 1991
plunged the country into years of
lawlessness that that makes it almost
impossible for Mogadishu to access money
from international organizations like
the IMF forcing it to rely almost
entirely on aid for its budget with some
semblance of taxation now in place days
optimism that Somalia might have
embarked on the road to self-reliance
but in taxing a nation that has seen
little official levies in almost three
decades
officials admit they are facing a
daunting task
well this week Africa's biggest
companies have been meeting heads of
state and investors at the annual Africa
CEO forum this year's two-day event held
in Ivory Coast featured discussion and
debate around the economic and
industrial challenges facing the African
continent becomes just one week after
the leaders of 44 African countries
signed a framework deal to create one of
the world's largest free trade bloc's
but Nigeria and South Africa two of the
continents biggest economies have yet to
sign up so into Africa trade and getting
rid of barriers was a hot topic at this
year's CEO forum well joining us now
from London is Reza Khan chief economist
for Africa and Middle East research at
Standard Chartered Bank thanks very much
for being with us so what do you what do
you take us as the main theme from this
year's Africa CEO forum well there's
certainly a lot of growth optimism at
the moment and this stems from what
we've seen on a global level we started
2018 with expectations of growth in
almost every major economy and
understandably this is feeding into
commodity prices it's feeding into
individual African economies however a
more consistent theme has been this
greater realization in the recent past
that global growth alone is not going to
do it for Africa there are still very
big economies Nigeria for example
something of a fragile recovery having
come out of some very difficult months
now performing positively in terms of
having emerged from the recession but a
great deal more focus that's needed on
domestic reform and I think that sense
of reality is something that is shared
by many different African economies the
worst might be over in terms of that
three-year adjustment to weaker
commodity prices but there are still
considerable challenges ahead
one of the things that was talked about
at this forum is this whole idea of
moving away from outside investment and
getting Africans themselves to be bigger
players in their own economies how
important is is that you
and is that something that is
registering with with many of these
countries and their governments this has
been a growing theme and certainly even
through those recent years of slower
growth in Africa generally we have seen
greater interest from African companies
African multinationals investing in
other countries we think that this is
likely to be built on over the coming
years it is after all African CEOs who
are most closely in touch with the
opportunities in neighboring countries
so we do expect to see as a theme that
much more cross-border investment
however it's also necessary to take a
broader macroeconomic look at this for
most countries in Africa there is still
a need to dramatically scale up the
investment that we're likely to see
either on the public side or the private
side the fact that we're seeing other
African businesses more interested in
investing in their neighboring countries
is a good thing but it can never be the
complete response to the challenge that
exists and that is but most sub-saharan
African countries are still in need of a
great deal more investment than they are
currently seeing where are the surpluses
going to be generated they're certainly
going to be a case for investment from
the rest of Africa as well as the rest
of the world and what about the African
companies themselves there is an
expectation broadly that some of those
very difficult financial conditions are
giving way to perhaps what might be the
expectation of Greater growth greater
volumes growth in the years ahead we
shouldn't forget the context of this if
we look back on recent experience it has
been a challenging time in many
economies there were issues to do with
shortages of foreign exchange which key
commodity producers are only just
recently starting to work out of the
operating environment in Africa has been
more difficult as we saw government's
struggling in some instances to keep up
with payments banking systems were
impacted lone growth has been weak in
many different countries and it's really
only in
t18 where we expect to see something of
a more robust economic recovery taking
hold which will relieve some of those
pressures to do with that difficult
operating environment and there is also
this drive across the continent to to
bring down the trade barriers between
individual countries there are efforts
as well for towards open skies to make
travel across the continent more
efficient how does that factor into all
of this and improving all all of these
economies there are needless barriers
that make it difficult for one African
corporates to be investing in another so
the fact that fora such as the recent
CEOs forum means that people are
starting to talk about these issues and
the expectation is that there is going
to be something in the way of delivery
to address these unnecessary barriers
that is only something that can enhance
the business environment that can lead
to more positive outcomes in the future
all right good to speak with you Reggie
Ron joining us there from London thank
you
and finally tourism is booming in Cyprus
as the island works to recover from a
damaging financial crisis five years ago
not all areas though are reaping the
rewards Sami Zidane explains how the
government is trying to change that it's
hard to fit into a postcard just how
nice it is to be away from the sub-zero
temperatures back home we come to Cyprus
because now in Ukraine is snow and cold
and we wanted to go to spring to see
flowers and it may be to swim in sea
it's a familiar story the abundance of
beaches and sunshine has attracted
steadily increasing numbers of tourists
to Cyprus
that has seen the economies of coastal
towns boosted as the number of visitors
reached 3.6 million last year officials
expect the number of tourists to reach a
record level in 2018 many head for
seaside towns of course leaving places
in the mountains like Cabo patria here
not as frequented as they could be a
fact the government says it now wants to
change Ana is ready for change her
souvenir shop in Kakaako patria gets its
first visitors of the afternoon
the town is one of several in the
Troodos mountains facing declining
numbers of tourists
government talk of reviving tourist
towns like hers is raising her hopes I
think it's a very good idea because I'm
living in the mountain and we'll be very
happy to have more tourists because we
are living you know all of us will need
some jobs here the government is
unveiling a plan to increase visits to
tourist spots left out of the boom 16
million euros are being set aside to
upgrade infrastructure and another
million to improve hotels s to give a
new brand of cybers in a lot of areas
the mountains for example to find out
the way of life of the Cypriots not only
on the beaches but on the mountains as
well that way of life is struggling in
those mountains as visitors dwindle
sodas business and people end up
migrating to cities a newspaper can pass
the time when you hardly have a customer
in your restaurant but it won't reveal
the new chapter for your town for that
many are hoping the government's
initiative will rescue them from a
sticky situation and that is our show
for this week remember you can get in
touch with us by tweeting me at has MC
Kerr and do use the hashtag a JCTC when
you do or drop us an email counting the
cost at Al Jazeera dotnet is our address
and there's more for you online at Al
Jazeera comm
CTC that'll take you straight through
our page which has individual ports
links and entire episodes for you to
catch up on that's it for this edition
of counting the cost I'm handsome seeker
from the whole team here thanks for
joining us the news on al Jazeera is
next
you
