we live in a world of matter all the
things we can see and touch but the best
theory of reality physicists have only
explains a tiny amount 4% of our
observable universe at Italy's national
institute of nuclear physics scientists
are launching an experiment to discover
the rest including so-called dark matter
it's none certain road to unlocking the
secrets of the universe and this is
where it begins with a particle
accelerator and a theory a beam of
positively charged subatomic particles
called positrons is fired at a target a
diamond wafer a tenth of a millimeter
thick and this is the divine one
mountain when the positive particles
smash into the negative electrons in the
diamond wafer they produce photons light
but every now and again the collision
between positrons and electrons could
produce a dark photon the invisible twin
of ordinary light dark matter we are
trying to have a link in between this
huge hidden world to power small known
war is it fair to call this the bridge
between the seen and the unseen it could
be yes that photon it's it's a way of
like light fallen allows you to see what
you see normally then that problem we
allow you to see what is in the dark
it's called the positron annihilation
into dark matter experiment or Padme for
short the Star Wars fans Padme also
happens to be the Dark Lord Darth
Vader's consort no coincidence so how do
scientists even know to look for
something that they cannot see well
after studying galaxies they believe
that there's a force much stronger than
gravity holding those galaxies and all
the star systems within them together a
dark force now up and running the
experiment will last for several months
if successful it could create an
entirely new realm of physics much to
the delight of the scientists very
excited they're not because then we have
a lot of
- doing the Futurist fetuses we will pay
our salary for a long time it's now down
to the experts to share their enthusiasm
for complex theories with the rest of us
as they begin the hunt for a side of
reality hidden from view NIMH Barca
al-jazeera
frascati Italy
