Syria has been described as one of the
worst humanitarian crises of our time
more than five million people have fled
the country hundreds of thousands have
lost their lives and yet the war
continues Syrian civilians have been
under fire in areas like Eid Lib and
eastern Goethe and even though some say
Bashar al-assad and his allies seem to
have defeated the rebels there is no
clear political solution in sight so
what has to happen to bring the fighting
and suffering to an end joining me in
the arena to debate this Amara Colin
senior fellow at Brookings and a former
top Pentagon official under President
Obama
Alexei klebanov a Middle East expert at
the Russian International Affairs
Council in Moscow and from Ankara Syrian
journalist and activist Rami Jarrah
thank you all for joining me on upfront
Rami let me start with you it's been
more than seven years since the Arab
Spring failed in Syria war broke out but
given the Bashar al Assad with Russian
and Iranian support seems to have
regained control of the majority of his
country is it coming to a close has the
Syrian regime won I think to answer that
you'd have to focus on the fact that if
we were saying that winning the game was
meeting the aspirations of the people of
Syria then that wouldn't be the case but
if we're talking about this political
game and gaining that stronghold in
Syria and maintaining power for the near
future then that's definitely the case
Alexei klebanov hundreds of thousands
dead millions displaced from their homes
is this really a victory for us out or
should I say for Assad and Putin well so
if we all agree that Russia's major goal
was to back up existing Syrian
institutions in regime to significantly
to eliminate coagulative of terrorists
in Syria then of course that was
successful and is successful story but
if you look at this as a political
solution that the ultimate goal is the
political solution then of course the
conflict is really far from over
and I think this this year is going to
be
quite challenging for all parties
involved internally and externally as
well mari you said at a recent US
congressional hearing that quote Assad
won his war to stay in power a lot of
people would say that's because of the
United States and its refusal to get
more involved in getting rid of him is
that fair or not I think the United
States played a role the international
community more broadly played a role the
timing of the conflict in the throes of
other conflicts erupting and uprisings
across the region no doubt also did too
and frankly those inside Syria have
their own agency you know this idea
though of what Assad wins is a pretty
interesting one to think about he's no
doubt won a long term insurgency even as
he tries to take more and more control
of Syrian territory he's also won some
sort of interesting dynamics with the
Russians the Iranians and Hezbollah how
does it yeah what did they see is there
a long-term goal in Syria what do they
plan to do what sort of weapon systems
do they want to keep in Syria what sort
of military presence what sort of
activities do they want to launch from
Syria so his winning is not an entirely
positive affair even in his eyes I
suspect but you worked in the Pentagon
during the Obama era would you call
Syria his biggest failure President
Obama's biggest failure I think on the
foreign policy front absolutely
Rami how did we get to this stage where
did when you know when you allocate
responsibility or blame for the position
Syria finds itself in today Assad still
in power violence still continuing rebel
groups still divided where do you place
the blame if it is there a hierarchy of
blame that you have in your head in in
Syria now what you have is a segment of
society that has been banished from
society and it is one that refuses not
to have a voice in Syria and it's it's
been labeled as being a fundamentalist
group that is not accepted in society or
is considered in in any in any form of
it refusing to accept the the standards
in this country means that it's it's
that they're terrorists so I think that
well
what the main problem that we have in
Syria is the labels that have been been
granted to everyone and those labels
being accepted on an international level
if you look at existing parties in
Europe that now support Assad that
openly saying that they support a
dictator
whereas if any one individual across
Europe said that they supported Hitler
they could face trial whereas now it's
okay to say that you support a dictate
that it has killed 507 what would you
say driven half of the country that's
fine who said on this show in March 2016
that there were quote no good guys in
the Syrian tragedy ie pointing out yes
Assad's a monster but there have been
some pretty serious mini monsters faced
up against him I would say that it took
a very long time until there was an
actual I don't think we actually even
saw an intervention at any stage there
was no serious approach to solving the
problem in Syria I think that it was I
think that there were many interests of
the countries involved that were
standing on the sidelines and watching
to seeing what was going to happen and
maybe hoping that there would be turmoil
in the Middle East and they let this
this this problem go on for way too long
Alice is the reason that we're where we
are Alexei is another reality yes there
may be quote-unquote terrorists amongst
the opposition but there are an awful
lot of innocent people who just want
their freedom from Assad that hasn't
changed over seven years and yet your
country's air force has joined Assad's
air force in bombing and killing those
people a lot of whom just want freedom
well firstly there are no Saints in in
any war that's the first thing secondly
yes Russia joined not asset as an
individual but the the Russia supports
the existing institutions and state
structures and primarily it's the Armed
Forces who are able to fight on the
ground against terrorists secondly yes
Russian air forces are participating in
in this campaign against terrorists
which which is called million they're
taking Isis and Japan and nasarah
targets but yes there are some claims
which are not in
factually proven that Russian Jets were
like part of the offense of Eastern
Goethe which is not the case for example
Alexey you know there's a long list of
human rights groups including UN
officials who say Russian aircraft have
used unguided bombs including blast
weapons in densely populated civilian
areas and may have committed war crimes
in those civilian areas you know that
there's plenty of reports documenting
yes of course I've heard about those
reports yes and I mean as I already
mentioned there are no Saints in in in
any war and especially in the Civil War
when there is a bombing campaign we've
heard a lot of times when terrorists use
civilians as a civil and shields on the
unused hospitals and the universities
and schools packed with kids as a human
shields so yes this is of course the
case and this tragedies happens in Syria
for for the last years mar when we when
we look at the sum total of violence in
Syria right now the United States isn't
a problem for the United States that you
rightly accused Russia of killing
civilians in Syria that's
well-documented but the US has been
doing its own bombing campaign in Syria
and in Iraq in which hundreds of
coalition airstrikes have killed
according to one air war study more
civilians than Russian air strikes did
at the beginning of last year in the
first three months of 2017 look there's
no equivalency whatsoever the Russian
regime works hand in hand with Assad and
his regime and that has been clearly
illustrated and it preceded Isis no
doubt well you are seen at least at the
American side fighting it is trying to
subtract I against groups like Isis it
is trying to support civilians as much
as possible absolutely a lot of
civilians at one stage more than the
Russians between January and April last
year civilian casualties have absolutely
occurred on the US side and they have
been a tragedy they are regularly
investigated by the US military there's
then a questioning of procedures rules
of engagement and what needs to change
it seems as though when you look at how
the Russian military is operated in
Syria that actually civilian casualties
may be part and parcel of its strategy
I don't think so simply because it's not
in Russia's a interest because it's it's
absolutely not true that it's civilian
casualties collateral damage is a part
of Russia's strategy in Syria is just
pretty incompetent I mean it's been
pretty clear Russia's military has tried
to use Syria is it taz its tactical and
operational battleground to test its
weapons to give its military personnel a
bit of practice that's not the initial
reason for going in Syria of course it's
during during the campaign you test the
weapon as well you test your arms
systems on the ground in in a real
combat ok yes of course but it's not
coming in a reason it's not the driver
of Russia's involvement in Syria it's
absolutely not true what you're saying
Russia's involvement in Syria since it
intervened I I mean I'm one of the
people that was in Aleppo and I
documented the Russian airstrikes we
watch closely I think there was a group
called Belen cat that had actually found
pictures that were released by the be by
the by the military and by the foreign
ministry Russian Foreign Ministry that
said that they had targeted Isis and
they were in these images and those
images were actually residential homes
in central Aleppo where there were no
signs of Isis and this happened a number
of times so Russia the thing is that
Russia plays this bigger brother role
where if anything goes wrong then it can
say that you know this is acid doing
this they know the amount of civilians
that are being killed they have this
data I think they have more data than
the Syrians themselves do so they know
exactly what Assad is doing and they
have they share responsibility in the
crimes that are being committed
maura isn't it the case president obama
was considering isil as the bigger
threat and therefore that was one of the
main reasons he didn't go all-in as some
of his advisors wanted to in terms of
no-fly zones or greater weaponry to the
rebels and they were already sending etc
isil shifted the conversation at that
moment in time i don't think it was
because of isil that he did not go all
in that decision had already occurred in
some ways but instead it was isil is the
near
term no kidding serious problem we are
still profoundly concerned about what is
going on with the Assad regime so it was
not mutually exclusive per se but in
terms of prioritization ISIL had to be
that one let me put that same question
to Rami do you think if ISIL hadn't
appeared on the scene a few years ago
more would have been done more would
have been done as you would have liked
to be done by outside powers Western
powers against Assad and the Syrian
government I think that would have been
a game changer yes because the the truth
is for Syrians Isis I'm not going to say
that Isis became an option but then Isis
made it easier for other groups moderate
Islamist groups we would call them that
would I mean we're committing crimes
against Syrian civilians as well such as
Japan Samara Jason Mujahideen these
groups are committing crimes against
those opposed to Assad and those the
supporting Assad so they became an
easier option the people have to have to
choose between Assad and something else
because Isis was there I think that Isis
is presence as I said earlier was the
has caused any damage it has caused
damage to the Syrian opposition more
than anyone so if it hadn't come into
the picture then we would be in a
different situation today definitely
Alexei what do you think the Russian /
Syrian government plan is for the non
Isis non Jabbar tallness run on al-qaeda
forces in Syria do you actually think
that's even possible for the Syrian
government in the long term to reconcile
with legitimate non distortion groups as
you can see Russia since it's in
military involvement
simultaneously started to launch this
reconciliation process within Syria
secondly we witnessed this launch of new
negotiation track in Astana which was
not an alternative to Geneva as many
argue but the additional track which was
aimed at settling down like
more nuanced things on the ground which
were made it happen when real field
commanders from the ground who have
actual influence were able to meet and
sit together and and talk so I wouldn't
put all blame for serious destruction on
Russia I think let me I have put on
somebody
okay let me let me put the point about
America to tomorrow what do you think
Trump's endgame is we know we've talked
about Obama's failure in Syria what do
think Trump's that's the million-dollar
question Mehdi at a minimum I do think
the Trump administration's priority has
been to deal with ISIL and they have
continued the Obama administration
strategy and are successfully doing so
the challenge will be what's next right
now the US military has 2,000 personnel
in Syria so going forward what's the
purpose and having those 2,000 US
military personnel what's actually their
mandate their mission their rules of
engagement my view is that a minimum it
should just be clear we should not
delude ourselves into thinking that they
are not combatants in whatever's going
on and I think the u.s. really needs to
prioritize humanitarian assistance
particularly for the refugees now who
have really streamed across the region
in a number of states that aren't
terribly strong to begin with yeah and
you have a US president who demonizes
them all as terrorists and snakes etc
Romney let me ask you this what would
you what is your message to the US
government today to other Western
governments what would you want them to
do if you could wave a magic wand and
get them to do what you wanted to do
what would it be a magic wand the thing
is we the thing is I I don't want to I
don't want to be offensive but I think
that whatever I'm going to say is not
really going to matter in that sense but
I think that what's important now for a
Syrian population is not just looking at
the situation of Syrians that are inside
Syria because a very large segment of
Syrian society is no longer in Syria and
I think what we need now is integration
programs for Syrians abroad
because I think that's where the
opposition is headed it's headed abroad
we're now a Syrian diaspora is being
built outside the country because the
situation in Syria doesn't isn't opening
it's not open arms
the Syrians coming back it's open arms
to Syrians that are willing to keep
their mouths shut and accept the fact
that half of the country has been driven
out and 500,000 people have been killed
and society has been raped of all of its
rights so I think that if they want to
fix this situation at this stage it's to
provide Syrians that have actually left
the country and those that wish to leave
the country a situation where they can
actually live in dignity and enjoy the
freedoms that everyone else would enjoy
we'll have to leave it there mara
Rami Alexei thank you all for joining me
in the arena here are not front thank
you
