the Americans have long had a presence
in this part of northern Syria
supporting the Syrian democratic forces
or SDF in the fight against ISIL but
Turkey views the Kurdish YPG which makes
up the bulk of the SDF as a terrorist
organization and in the latest twist
French present emanuelle McCoy met with
an SDF delegation on Thursday night in
Paris and offered to mediate which isn't
going down while in Ankara YPG is the
conservative macron says that he gave
guarantee of support to the YPG that
France can be mediators between Turkey
and the SDF who gave you this duty do
not engage in things beyond you Turkish
Armed Forces have already taken control
of much of the Syrian province about
flee and pushing out the YPG Air Duan
has long threatened to push further east
onto mim ba'di where the US has military
bases and all the way to the iraqi
border the americans have also been
monitoring the potential front line
between Kurdish fighters and the Turkish
backed Syrian rebels who are nearby and
to complicate matters even further the
US commander in chief had this to say
and by the way we're knocking the hell
out of Isis will be coming out of Syria
like very soon let the other people take
care of it now very soon very soon we're
coming out that boast goes against what
American commanders have been saying all
along that the US will remain in the
northeastern part of Syria for now to
prevent the resurgence of ISIL Trump
Court even the State Department of guard
I can't comment on what the president
supposedly said I haven't seen it I'd
have to refer you back to the White
House supposedly said well I have not
seen it myself in seven I have not seen
that myself okay you don't necessarily
comment or report on things that have
been heard secondhand and I'm not going
to do that that's okay that's fine so
you're not aware of any policy
determination to por el to pull the u.s.
out of the US presence in Syria gives it
a stake at the negotiating table as long
as troops maintain their presence in the
Kurdish areas the war in Syria is now
entering a phase where Russia Turkey and
Iran are in the process of bartering for
their strategic interests the Kurdish
YPG currently controls around 20% of
territory in Syria the second-highest
area of
after President Bashar al-assad and his
forces turkey wants that to change
that's anyone's guess how it will all
play out Stephanie Decker al Jazeera
