these ponds are the source water for the
Coxes River ultimately it grows and
flows into a reservoir which holds
drinking water for the five million
people of Sydney here the water is clean
insects are a good sign the salt content
is low but just downstream groundwater
pumped out of a nearby coal mine joins
the source water it dilutes its purity
ten kilometres from its source
the Coxes water has also jumped six
degrees Celsius in temperature just
getting a salt reading here it's a bit
over twelve hundred and fifty
microsiemens per centimetre so the salt
level was increased about twenty five
times most of this flow today it's
probably 95 percent perhaps more
actually is pumped out of coal mines and
is disturbed by the mining process so
scientists and environmentalists are
worried by a plan to expand this that
Springvale coal mine and increase
wastewater flowing into the river last
year judges in Sydney after hearing
expert evidence from scientists like
right locked the plan on environmental
grounds politicians have responded by
passing a law which retrospectively
changes the criteria by which levels of
pollution should have been judged the
expansion is back on it was a
devastating decision for us a very
worrying precedent this was a decision
that essentially signaled the government
was willing to put the short-term
interests of a coal mine in front of the
quality of the drinking water in Sydney
the most populous city in Australia
politicians say wastewater will be
better cleaned in future before it's
released and say they have to balance
environmental concerns with economic
priorities coal from the mine expansion
here will get taken to a local power
station ultimately politicians see cheap
energy and local jobs as more important
than meeting a particular environmental
standard the nearby Power Station and
the mines that supply it are vital to
the economy of the town of
go we were looking at 600 potential
permanent jobs lost to this community
that would have been devastating
centennial Cole declined our request for
an interview saying simply for over 20
years Springvale has mined coal this is
what we will continue to do but
environmentalists are appalled that
rules can be changed retrospectively
when the economy is prioritized Andrew
Thomas al-jazeera
Politico
