in a word Greg Gunn Thorpe says American
farm policy is foul when I was young
there were family farms all around a
hundred and sixty four hundred acres and
they've largely all disappeared the
fifty to ninety percent of them are gone
here in the Indiana Plains home of Vice
President Mike Pence farmers and their
rural neighbors voted heavily for Donald
Trump there's a late comer yep now many
farmers especially smaller scale
producers are suffering buyer's remorse
the Trump administration you know had an
awful lot of support from rural America
and my expectations was the Trump was
going to support all classes of farmers
there's some rules that would would give
small farmers family scale agriculture a
chance and he hasn't made any of those
kind of deals for us Trump is focused on
slashing regulations we think we can cut
regulations by seventy five percent
maybe more but big farmers complain that
Trump the deal maker has been a deal
breaker when it comes to trade pacts
that boost their exports and immigration
policies that supply them with cheap
labor Kathleen Merrigan a former Obama
administration Deputy Secretary of
Agriculture says small farmers have it
worse largely ignored by government farm
aid that favors massive corporate farms
that don't need it no administration has
done enough for small farmers if you're
hearing from farmers in the field that
the Trump administration's not doing
enough for them I wholeheartedly agree
we see the big guys doing well some of
the new entrants small guys are doing
okay but it's that middle that
functioning farm where most of your
income is coming from farming but you're
not giant those are the ones that are
really failing Gregg gun thorpes biggest
client is Chicago celebrity chef Rick
Bayless who owns this restaurant here
the upscale clientele has come to expect
the free-range organic pork and poultry
that gun Thorpe delivers that's how he
differentiates himself but the
Trump administration has declined to
sign the strict guidelines on organic
food that many farmers have asked for
things like requiring that animals have
access to outdoors so gun Thorpe says no
one can really know just how different
his product is and that is his main
selling point that has this farmer
wondering how many more of his neighbors
will stop contributing to the world's
food supply and simply let their fields
grow fallow John Hendren al-jazeera
legrange Indiana
