some 12 states say they will sue the
Trump White House to prevent it from
having a question about citizenship on
the 2020 US Census
but the administration insists it's only
asking because it's concerned about
ensuring the future of voting rights of
minorities this is a question that's
been included in every census since 1965
with the exception of 2010 when it was
removed this is we've contained this
question that's provided data that's
necessary for the Department of Justice
to protect voters but not only was there
no US Census in 1965 the last time a
similar question was asked was in 1950
the US Census has been carried out every
ten years since 1790 its findings are
used to get a true picture of the people
of the United States and affect
government business social research and
beyond federal government spending on
vital state services and infrastructure
is dependent on the count the Census
Bureau already knows it's under Counting
the USA's population its own research
shows the reason is mistrust
particularly among immigrant communities
which already feel under attack by the
government Angela Manzo worked at the
Census Bureau for five years it's always
an issue whenever the government is
requesting information from people who
reside in the country and it's not just
immigrants that are affected there is
distress of government at all levels and
all socio-economic levels and
geographically across this country how
do you reassure a public that there's
nothing untoward no political
interference exactly exactly an
undercount in US states with large
immigrant communities will have funding
consequences for all citizens in such
States whether Republican stronghold
Texas or staunchly Democrat California
there is a clue to the motivation for
this census change the investigative
organization ProPublica found that the
request for the questions inclusion was
drafted by a lawyer called John Gore
Gore was defending redistricting maps
that it were challenged as by opponents
as racial gerrymandering essentially
drawing districts so to sort of slice up
certain communities in ways that would
be favorable to the Republican Party
under the Constitution the you
as political districts are drawn up as a
result of population size and not
citizenship
so if districts with large immigrant
populations are under counted in the
census they will lose seats in Congress
and these districts are often they're
not always Democratic strongholds
ethnically diverse cities and states
will lose representation predominantly
white areas may gain and that may be the
key for a Republican Party keen to
neutralize the u.s. is changing racial
demographics in future elections sheer
Britain see al Jazeera Washington
