nagura is a small fishing village built
upon sand dunes and northern Mozambique
it's an idyllic setting for a simple
life but on their doorstep a global
battle is building the people of no
ganya versus china's hi you mining
company the villagers complained hi you
sand mining blocked lagoons which they
say caused severe flooding in 2015
48 homes were swept out to sea and more
than 170 damaged and buried Amnesty
International spent two years
investigating how it happened the report
reveals the corporate conduct of a
Chinese mining company that threatened
to wipe out a small village of about
1,000 people into the Indian Ocean hi
reminds the sand to extract certain
minerals it boasts it can process 20
tons of sand a day and employs more than
500 people China is the largest source
of direct foreign investment in the
country and holds the majority of its
foreign debt the investment should be
welcomed in Nagoya which lies in one of
Mozambique's poorest provinces the point
unfortunately is that the company and
the government are putting the profits
first then the human developments and
also the human rights of these people
almost 300 people are now homeless but
high uses the flooding was a result of
abnormally heavy rain the company
received its mining concession in 2011
and denies its altered adjourns in any
way 99 percent of the sand remains at
its point of origin and is not extracted
this contradicts the idea that there was
a change in the channel for underground
waters which is not true time is not on
the side of these Mozambicans
satellite images shown mining activities
getting ever closer to the village they
want to safeguard what's left of their
lives and want the government to
investigate hire you and negotiate the
compensation Nago nia was named after a
crocodile that taunted locals from a
nearby Lagoon these days villagers say
crocodile comes from China Charlotte
Bellis al-jazeera
