the Spanish judiciary in Madrid has the
Catalan Parliament in a legal headlock
no matter what resolutions are voted
through here in Barcelona celebrations
are premature any candidate for the
presidency must appear in person in this
chamber to get elected but all of them
are in jail facing charges of rebellion
we are a national emergency and we will
at all times defend the sovereignty of
catalonia's Parliament in the face of
interference by the Spanish judicial
system
if this deadlock can't be broken then
Catalonia could be forced into yet
another election in July an election
that neither sides in this
constitutional battle really want
historians who studied the deep roots of
the independence movement a pessimistic
a solution can be found it's like
watching a poker game in which two final
players how are just indefinitely
bidding higher each time one against the
other
yet another Catalonian politician was in
the hands of the police on Wednesday
Clara pond sati the former Education
Minister gave herself up to the Scottish
police in Edinburgh an economics
professor at st. Andrews University she
surrendered her passport that was
allowed to leave Clara remains defiant
resolute and is determined to fight back
protesters throughout Catalonia and in
Barcelona are also determined to keep up
the pace of their demonstrations the
latest one an attempt to surround the
city's main railway station the police
proved as unmoving as the government in
Madrid David chater
al Jazeera Barcelona
