chi-ching ping this was a diplomatic
triumph he not US president Donald Trump
now the first world leader to meet Kim
jong-un Chinese state controlled media
waited until Kim was back home before
confirming what officials had tried so
hard to deny just a day earlier in the
Great Hall of the People Kim and his
wife were welcomed like old friends
appearance is important at times like
this she opted for a business suit
whereas Kim stuck to the look favored by
his father and grandfather the wives of
both men were present during most of the
photo opportunities visits like this are
all about symbolism for XI it served as
a reminder the China still holds sway
over its neighbor and intends to be at
the center of diplomatic efforts to
achieve a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula
it's not clear what made Kim come to
Beijing or indeed what incentives he may
have been offered to do so but China
remains North Korea's only real friend
and Ally so it's fair to assume the
President Xi Jingping
might want to know what Kim's
negotiating strategy will be during his
upcoming summit with President Trump so
he didn't die Kim's visit made it
possible for China to know what North
Korea will be talking about to South
Korea and the United States in its
discussions on denuclearization China
has also learned what North Korea's
demands will be which will help China
it's a visit that would have seemed
unimaginable just a few months ago when
North Korea was ignoring Chinese appeals
for restraint at an exhibition
showcasing some of China's technological
achievements the message appeared to be
we can help you with all of this if you
behave China's leaders are fond of
metaphors at a lavish banquet she told
his guests that in the beautiful season
of spring everything comes to life Kim
replied I believe our meeting will yield
abundant fruit that could mean making
good on his commitment to give up
nuclear weapons the fruits of spring
were apparent in
garden of the state guesthouse where
friendship also seemed to blossom she
accepted an invitation to visit North
Korea and told him he was welcome to
visit China again the visitors left
happy Adrian Brown al-jazeera
Beijing
