the death of Alton sterling was caught
on mobile phone video he was shot by
Officer Blaine Salamone during a
struggle the other officer did not
discharge his weapon but did wrestle
sterling to the ground the State
Department of Justice left the
investigation to the Louisiana Attorney
General who's now announced the two
officers will not be charged as in his
view they attempted to make a lawful
arrest this decision was not taken
lightly
we came to this conclusion after
countless hours of reviewing the
evidence gathered it turned over to us
by the US Department of Justice the dead
man's family is outraged by the decision
been protesting the similar shooting of
Stephan Clarke in Sacramento last week
we'll hope for a different outcome the
23 year old was shot by officers
responding to reports of a man smashing
car windows they chased him cornered him
in his grandmother's backyard and fired
20 shots no weapon was found on the dead
man only a phone and in an attempt to
calm the community the Sacramento Police
Chief says the investigation into the
shooting will be supervised by the
California Department of Justice not
local law enforcement officials as our
city's police chief who has lived in
this community my entire life I'm
dedicated to making sure that we gather
all the facts conduct a thorough
investigation and promise we will
continue to be transparent throughout
the process
another major difference in approach the
body camera footage in this case was
released within days that in the
Sterling case has still not been made
public it was definitely encouraging
that the Chief of Police has asked the
Attorney General to take the lead here
and all we can hope for is that this is
this investigation is going to be
conducted fairly and transparently the
question is whether this is indeed a
more transparent and Pro
active approach that could signal the
beginning of the end to the ongoing
cycle of police shootings and consequent
protests with a funeral plan for
Thursday the answer could well lie in
the reaction of the tens of thousands
that continue to protest and warn the
death of yet another african-american at
the hands of police Mike Hanna al
Jazeera Washington
