Israel could lose up to eleven point
five billion dollars a year if the
boycott divestment and sanctions
movement Peaks that's if the EU
legislation to boycott all Israeli Goods
and blocked foreign investment into the
state is this likely to happen wealth
opinions vary Israel's government
economists say it's hard to predict but
it is possible foreign investment into
Israel fell to around six billion
dollars in 2014 that's the same year
they launched a deadly offensive on Gaza
that killed one thousand four hundred
and sixty two civilians but by 2016 that
figure had doubled to almost 12 billion
dollars
what about exports washington-based
Brookings Institute says consumer
boycotts won't rustically affect
Israel's economy a data from the World
Bank shows Israel intermediate exports
dropped by nearly eight billion dollars
in that same period consumer boycotts
work with academic and cultural boycotts
if people refuse to work with Israeli
academic institutions for their
involvement in let's say the strategies
behind the use of disproportionate force
against the Palestinians or musicians
refused to perform in Israel in
solidarity with the people of Gaza and
the West Bank it gets people talking
Lorde Elvis Costello Lauryn Hill they've
all refused to play in Israel and other
artists are openly advocating for BDS
how can I work with any institution
complicit in Israeli human rights abuses
these smaller boycotts are supposed to
start a chain reaction sanctions is the
ultimate that's why it's BDS S comes at
the end that's it's no coincidence
because you need a lot of B and D to
reach to s and it's slowly working it
companies are closing up shop in Israel
some have been refused lucrative
contracts explicitly for their
involvement in Israeli occupation
projects fathers are speculated to have
been pressured by the BDS campaign into
submission but whatever their motives
they've divested from Israel a UN report
has also found 206 companies that are
linked to illegal settlements the
company's activities range from banking
and telecom to construction and tourism
their names are being withheld until
they've all been contacted
US ambassador to the UN nikki Haley
reportedly threatened the UN Human
Rights Council with a cut in funding if
the names were to be published
South American states have also
disassociated themselves Venezuela and
Bolivia have cut ties with Israel and
Brazil refused to allow former leader of
the settler movement Danny Diana to be
Israel's ambassador in the country the
communities were established because ago
in the Jordan Valley will be here
forever because they are essential for
Israel's existence BDS more than
anything is impacting brand Israel I'm
less concerned today about any potential
economic consequences it's all about
what you think of Israel and what do you
think Israelis are the good guys or the
bad guys image on the world stage would
matter to any country it's no different
for Israel many prominent is release of
claim BDS is anti-semitic and even a
threat to the existence of Israel itself
we're in the midst of an orchestrated
global campaign to delegitimize Israel
mr. Asad Abu Khalil who he knows very
well is a leader of the BDS movement he
writes the real aim of BDS is to bring
down the State of Israel the objectives
of the BDS movement are one deliberation
and the end of this occupation number
two the return of refugees to their
homes and to their life nodes number
three is the end of apartheid and
segregation and discrimination against
Palestinians inside Israel and
everywhere else
Israel has refused all three time and
again the Netanyahu government instead
enacted anti BDS legislation at home and
gave covet power to the Ministry of
strategic affairs to tackle BDS abroad
they've successfully lobbied a number of
US states and Polish supporters of the
movement 24 states have passed laws
restricting their business with
companies that boycott Israel
just in the past two and a half years
and these states are saying we regard
boycotting Israel to be a form of
national religious or ethnic
discrimination its bigotry and we won't
do business with them the ministry has
since established a commando unit order
to launch campaigns against
pro-palestinian projects BDS has now
been nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize
at the same time Israel has banned the
members of 20 activist groups from
entering the country including the
Jewish Voice for Peace
although Israel's economy has not been
crippled by boycott and divestment
the movement is having a serious impact
on the country's reputation and we all
remember what that did to South Africa a
distinguished representative of the
Republic
