two different memorial events in Moscow
on Tuesday evening two different aspects
of a nation's grief first the official
one beneath the walls of the Kremlin
with flowers and toys supplied by the
city authorities later the people's
gathering on Pushkin Square here there
was anger of the country's political
system for allowing camera whirs
appalling fire to happen citizens are
deeply unhappy with the authorities
actions including the president who
should be responsible for everything
happening in the country but who
nevertheless doesn't do anything to
minimize things like corruption meeting
I think that the other rally is hundred
percent staged I don't think that many
people willingly went there many of them
received salaries from the state and
they were forced to attend here people
came because they wanted to in Kemerovo
itself which lost so many people in this
disaster understandably the mood was
even more raw at a rally demanding truth
and justice a man described his last
words to his dying young daughter I said
where where is my daughter I was talking
to her on the phone she cried I'm here
dad here I told her lie down on the
floor and breathe breathe and don't die
I cried I was crying to my daughter she
said dad I love you I'm suffocating I'm
losing consciousness excuse me people
here say they believe the death toll is
much higher than officially admitted
Vladimir Putin often stays away from
domestic disasters but earlier on
Tuesday he visited camera and it's
bereaved residence criminal negligence
was to blame he said but it was too
early to point fingers
an investigation team of 100 people is
working here they will go along the
whole chain starting with those who
issued licenses and up to those who were
responsible for safety and that security
firm employee who was sitting there and
did not press the button on time in the
gutted remains of the winter cherry
shopping centre those investigators are
trying to piece together what happened
and how blocks fire exits a
non-functioning alarm system
and a slow emergency response might have
contributed to the deaths of so many
children and families relaxing on a
Sunday afternoon five people have been
charged the director and the technical
director of the mall have already
appeared in court they insist all safety
inspections and training were done by
the book Russia is no stranger to
horrible tragedies so it's quite
difficult to put ones finger exactly on
what it is about this one that's made
people so hurt and angry
perhaps the high number of children dead
is a factor but also too I think the
belief amongst many Russians that
corruption and bureaucratic indifference
on just nuisances they can be
devastatingly fatal to a country's
systemic failings are often most exposed
by disaster and it's the failings of 18
years of Putin's rule that are on
display just as he begins his fourth and
potentially last term in office
Rory challon's al-jazeera Moscow
