there was a small window of democracy in
Egypt's long history of strongmen backed
by the military that was in 2012 and
Mohamed Morsi was sworn in but the
triumph of Egypt's first
democratically-elected president and the
party he represents the Muslim
Brotherhood lasted just 12 months the
largest representative of political
Sunni Islam in Egypt is now labeled by
the state as a terrorist organisation
which the Brotherhood denies there is no
room for any kind of political practice
nobody is allowed to express his opinion
nobody is allowed to feel themselves as
a candidate as a serious candidate in
front of Sisi the military controls
everything the Muslim Brotherhood has
been on the hit list of Egyptian rulers
for nearly a century hassan al-banna
the first guy general was believed to
have been killed by egyptian secret
police in 1949
despite supporting Gamal Abdul Nasser
who became president the Brotherhood was
banned in 1954 thousands of members were
arrested or escaped
another Brotherhood leaders say at
Potiphar's hang on the orders of
President Anwar Sadat throughout the
1980s efforts by the Muslim Brotherhood
to become a political force failed it
wasn't until the removal of Hosni
Mubarak in 2011 that the Brotherhood's
Freedom and Justice Party was elected
for the first time along with President
Mohammed Morsi who's now on death row
for ordering the killing of protesters
just a year after taking charge he was
removed in a military coup led by the
current president Abdul Fattah al-sisi
Morsi supporters accused the so-called
deep state especially within the
military hierarchy of not allowing the
Muslim Brotherhood government to
function in that single layer after the
first fully democratic election the main
mistake is actually handing over the
responsibility of managing the
transitional period after the revolution
after ousting Hosni Mubarak handing over
this power - to the military - to the
military and the military had all the
time in order to abort the achievements
of the revolution
like other military rulers of Egypt Cece
has ordered the jailing of thousands of
Brotherhood supporters and successfully
lobbied regional backers to declare the
group as a terrorist organization exiled
members and Brotherhood supporters say
the ruling clique is suppressing
moderate voices and warned that could
result in an extreme reaction in Egypt
Osama bin Javed are there
