after millions marched across the u.s.
for tougher gun laws new york-based
Remington outdoor company filed for
chapter 11 bankruptcy protection
Remington is one of America's oldest gun
manufacturers it built its first rifle
in 1816 and boasts on its website of
building America but the 200 year old
gun company which makes weapons for
hunting military and law enforcement
says it's burdened by more than six
hundred million dollars of debt the
eight-year assault on your Second
Amendment freedoms has come to a
crashing end remington blames some of
its money trouble on the election of
donald trump anticipating Hillary
Clinton would win the White House and
push for tougher gun laws Remington and
other gun makers ramped up production
expecting gun enthusiasts would stock up
on firearms but that didn't happen with
Trump in the White House the day after
Trump was elected the stocks of these
gun manufacturers actually took a big
hit in the the days following his
election it has since come off pretty
strongly as the revenues had done this
as well there doesn't seem to be the
political risk the political fear that
regulation will be coming down but calls
for tougher gun laws have been
escalating since the mass school
shooting last month in parkland Florida
gun control supporters are calling on
Congress to ban the sale of assault
rifles and raise the minimum firearm
purchase age
make stronger gun laws to put more
safety in our schools to help students
instead of fighting them since the
parkland shooting some retailers have
limited gun sales and some banks have
put restrictions on business customers
that sell firearms Remington says that
climate made it impossible to find
runners that would finance its
turnaround so it was forced to file for
bankruptcy protection Remington is the
second American gun manufacturer to file
for bankruptcy in the past few years
Diane Estabrook al-jazeera
