over in the hall Maryann see wick has
lived in her tiny one-bedroom apartment
for more than 35 years
she says living conditions became
unbearable in 2013 after the building
was sold and the new landlord began to
renovate this is where the ceiling caved
in but even when she was offered $10,000
to leave she refused to give up her rent
stabilized lease which limits how much
landlords can charge her for rent I
really didn't have a lot of money to
find another apartment or look for
someplace else you know this is my home
so what was I gonna go she didn't know
her landlord was Jared Kushner until she
hired a lawyer to sue and won a year's
worth of free rent and new appliances
Kushner has since stepped down as CEO of
the family business to work in his
father-in-law's administration but now
the manhattan-based Kushner companies is
accused of lying about the presence of
rent regulated tenants on more than 80
work permits at 34 buildings over a
four-year period tenants advocates say
doing so allowed them to avoid greater
oversight including surprise inspections
of construction projects it appears that
Kushner companies you deliberately used
invasive and destructive construction
practices to harass tenants out of their
apartments and to hide what it was doing
from the government it had falsified not
one not two not three permit
applications but 80 permit applications
lying on permit applications is a crime
punishable by a fine or imprisonment
Kushner companies bought this building
in Queens in 2015 renovated it and sold
it just two years later for 60 million
dollars a profit of nearly 50% during
that time the number of rent stabilized
tenants dropped from 94 to 25 Kushner
companies didn't respond to our request
for an interview but told The Associated
Press who first reported the story that
the mistakes were unintentional clerical
errors for Kushner companies city
council member richie torres who
launched an investigation said the
actual number of rent controlled units
could be found in other city documents
falsifying building permits is not
simply about bureaucratic paper
shuffling it is a profound threat to the
affordability of rent regulated units
which is the greatest source of
affordable housing we have sue excessed
one of a handful of tenants who didn't
leave during the renovations and the new
ones are paying three times what she
does in rent Kristyn salumi al Jazeera
New York
