now one man is running against Abdul
Fattah al-sisi in Egypt's presidential
election that is looser Mustafa Musa and
many other well-known and popular
contenders tried but failed to make it
on to the ballot paper rana hond takes a
look at who is not in the campaign and
why just two names on the ballot paper
two men vying for egypt's presidency now
in a country of more than 55 million
eligible voters you might think there'd
be a few more candidates well it's not
for a lack of trying over the last few
months every other potential challenger
for the presidency has either been
detained disqualified or forced to
abandon their campaigns completely so
who's in and who's out first up Samia
Nam now we're talking top brass Egyptian
military here a retired lieutenant
general a former army chief of staff
he announced his candidacy in a recorded
video he also happened to mention he had
information on government corruption
he was arrested soon after the army
accusing him of not getting proper
permission to run and forging documents
another candidate another arrest this
time Abdel Moneim aboul for two a
leading opposition figure who ran in the
2012 race he was accused of ties to the
outlawed Muslim Brotherhood armoured
Shafiq's campaign was short-lived a
former prime minister with links to the
military he was deported from the United
Arab Emirates where he'd been living in
exile he was then detained in Egypt he
subsequently pulled out of the race
opposition leader and human rights
lawyer
Khalid Ali didn't stay in the campaign
for long either he said he came up
against frequent obstacles when he was
drew he said his supporters had been
harassed and arrested another to enter
the race and pull out was Muhammad
unwell Sadat the nephew of Egypt's
assassinated President Anwar Sadat he
also cited a climate of fear for his
withdrawal and then there's army colonel
ahmed khan saw wa serving members of the
military aren't allowed to run for the
presidency consoler says he'd
to resign for years but had been
rejected each time when he did put his
hand up to run he was given six years in
prison for what officials called actions
that undermined the military system the
only man to stand against president Sisi
is musa mustafa musa an openly Pro CC
politician who until the day before he
registered to run was part of the
campaign to get CC reelected his name on
the ballot paper means CC at least has
some competition international rights
groups have called this election a fast
as it stands the outcome looks likely to
favor the incumbent president
