loud explosions and bright flashes in
the sky Saudi Arabia's air forces had
intercepted a series of ballistic
missiles fired from neighboring Yemen
Houthi rebels say they've targeted
airports in several cities including the
capital Riyadh an Egyptian resident
there was killed the Houthi leader is
warning there's more to come we'll use
long-range drones which have excellent
military capabilities we will activate
the military institutions in an
unprecedented way and open up more
opportunities to recruit the children
and men of our people to fight Saudi
Arabia is leading a coalition that has
been fighting the Houthis in Yemen since
March 2015 u.s. President Donald Trump
may have embraced Saudis Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman at the White House
last Tuesday but it didn't stop the
Senate from voting on a resolution
calling for the end of us support for
Saudi forces in Yemen Saudi war effort
and particularly air campaign over Yemen
has not stopped it has only increased
slightly so I imagine it's normal that
the Houthis are firing at Riyadh to show
that they are still capable and that
they are not to be taken for granted
militarily at least 10,000 people have
been killed in Yemen since 2015 which is
also battling cholera and diphtheria
outbreaks the UN says living conditions
there have reached catastrophic levels
with more than 22 million requiring some
form of food assistance was the point of
this three year of war hundreds of
thousands of people have died because of
cholera because of starvation this means
that you only hurt their many civilians
and Sarla the hold is still capable to
launch miss tile they are stronger than
before and this is as well another
failure to the saudi-led Coalition in
Yemen numerous rounds of un-sponsored
peace talks have failed to stem the
bloodshed in Yemen as the war continues
with no clear path to peace the Houthis
plan a huge
in Sano on Monday to mark its third
anniversary Brandis Alexander al-jazeera
