Cristiano Ronaldo pulled into the
Aventis training complex in Turin on
Thursday a day after using Twitter to
deny he had raped a woman one of the
biggest names in world football has been
accused by American Catherine myoga of
assaulting her in his Las Vegas hotel
room nine years ago she told the German
newspaper
der Spiegel that she had been paid three
hundred and seventy five thousand
dollars by Ronaldo to keep quiet
myoga has now filed a civil lawsuit
against the Portuguese player whose own
lawyers have threatened to sue the
newspaper for damages in early 2017 we
found first traces about this incident
in June 2009 and we kept digging and
searched for more documents and went
outside to did some open field research
went to Las Vegas for example and
gathered as much information as we could
about this case this is a very sensitive
case obviously police in Las Vegas have
since reopened the complaint myoga made
at the time in which she didn't identify
her alleged assailant her lawyer says
she's now been emboldened to name
Ronaldo because of the me2 movement that
followed last year's allegations against
movie producer Harvey Weinstein and
which also inspired USA gymnasts to
testify against dr. Larry NASA before he
was jailed for sexual assault in January
this year the me2 movement was very
important to Catherine with us and go
forward in this case I think she looks
at women who are involved in the me2
movement as heroes in his tweet on
Wednesday
Ronaldo said rape is an abominable crime
that goes against everything I am and
believe in keene as I may be too clear
my name
I refuse to feed the media spectacle
created by people seeking to promote
themselves at my expense a day earlier
he had released another denial on
Instagram
fake fake news you wanna you wanna
promote by my name it's normal
Reynaldo has been left out of the squad
for his national side Portugal for the
next two matches under what the team
says was a pre-existing agreement
I know Cristiano Ronaldo well and I
fully believe what he says and I know he
in my perspective would not carry out a
crime of this kind I do not believe that
my ogres lawyer says the instant has
left her suffering from post-traumatic
stress and depression Ronaldo is due to
play in the Italian league against
Udinese on Saturday with the date of a
possible court appearance in the United
States yet to be announced
Paul Reese al-jazeera
