since fleeing Spain nearly five months
ago the former Catalan president has
been able to move relatively freely
thanks to Europe's lack of internal
borders but shortly after crossing this
border from Denmark into Germany on
Sunday Karlis pretiume was identified by
motorway police and detained
two initial inquiries at the motorway
police station reached him all was
driven away in a dark colored van that
van was later photographed arriving at
this detention center
in the nearby town of no monster they
bring him for a judge and the judge will
judge if he has to stay in jail or he is
free under conditions in 48 hours
quisimos many critics have branded him a
coward and a scoundrel who gambled and
lost with an illegal and
unconstitutional referendum aimed at
trying to force the issue of Catalan
independence but his supporters insist
he is a Democrat and a political hero
suffering for the cause of freedom it's
an image he himself has cultivated
during the past five months of freedom
most recently during a trip to Finland
on Friday I will continue my struggle in
order to defend my rights as a citizen
as a member of Catalan Parliament as a
president and defending collective
rights of people the people of Catalonia
but on the same day back in Madrid the
Spanish Supreme Court was issuing a
european arrest warrant the charge
rebellion connected to his leading role
in last October's Catalan independence
referendum in Madrid the news of priests
demands arrest has been largely welcomed
when thorn commits a crime you must take
responsibility for it that's what
happened to me so it must be the same
for him but there are lingering concerns
about the wider political damage this
continues to inflict I don't agree with
arresting politicians fly' geological
issues I think they should be more
concerned with improving their dialogue
and communication rather than imposing
the law and in the Catalan capital
Barcelona sentiment was also mixed I'm
very sad because this means that
politically nobody reached an agreement
and that's a shame politics is
absolutely destroyed for both sides and
the only thing that rules as repression
throughout his self-imposed exile from
Spain priest Amon has maintained he
would cooperate fully with the relevant
authorities that promise is now going to
be put to the test as he decides whether
to oppose or cooperate with extradition
to Spain
Paul Brennan al-jazeera
