the first call to action on one of the
most contentious issues in American life
today thousands of teenage activists are
calling for tougher gun laws meanwhile
the CEOs of the biggest gun makers
rarely give interviews and live lives
far removed from the whole issue but
they're still profiting from the biggest
unregulated gun market in the developed
world the multi-billion dollar US
firearms industry has been largely
shielded by the US Constitution which
allows people the right to own a gun but
in the wake of the hashtag never again
the investment community is also waking
up to its role in the weapons economy
the calls have been growing as well for
Wall Street to dump gun stocks fund
managers including Blackrock have said
they are having another look at their
relationship with gun makers and more
than a dozen companies have ended
partnerships with the National Rifle
Association the program Lobby the March
in Washington is led by students from
the school in Florida where 17 people
were killed last month Andy Gallagher
reports on their journey to protest in
the weeks since this community lost 17
lives to one of the worst school
shootings in US history the push for
change has been relentless the march for
our lives demonstration will be the
biggest protest yet and one led by the
students from Marjory Stoneman Douglas
high school you guys are the change that
is going to be the tipping point to help
that happen as they make their way to
Washington to demand gun reform many are
excited about the global response to
their cause just to see the unity of our
our country in our world because the
March is now on seven count all seven
continents which i think is awesome
I'm just glad to see that all the
national debate these children started
has led to gun reform in Florida but
students say they won't stop until
assault weapons are banned it's an
ambitious goal but one organizers say
isn't beyond this generation but someone
underestimates you you can come in from
a position of power that they're not
expecting and that's really what's
happening so I'm just you know riding
the tide and watching and it's awesome
the fight for what campaigners call
common sense gun reform will be long and
difficult parents say the march for our
lives protest is just the beginning in
the hours before the March the message
from these students is simple I hope
that this gets to every single person as
much cool as we can so we can finally
get it make a change in this country
Andy Gallagher reporting for stair well
joining us now via Skype from Raleigh
North Carolina is Jeffrey Moore senior
analyst with global risk insights thanks
very much for being with us now
just how lucrative is the gun industry
in in America I mean how tied are they
into the whole economy there the gun
manufacturers and accessory and
retailers have a pretty sizable economic
impact overall it's about 50 billion
dollars directly and indirectly between
gun manufacturers and retailers you've
got about six and a half billion dollars
in taxes that are paid every year in
about 300,000 individuals employed
either directly or indirectly through
the gun industry so it is a significant
impact on America's economy but
relatively small compared to a lot of
other areas across the spectrum but it
is a long-lived and established industry
that likely won't be going anywhere
anytime soon and from an economic
perspective how do you see the gun where
do you see the gun industry going under
the Trump administration yeah well we've
got a curious
a situation where you had eight years of
President Obama a couple of large highly
public mass shootings and some fears
that gun regulations were going to come
down in a very big way and that drove
gun sales and ammunition sales through
the roof
really especially after 2012 the Sandy
Hook massacre there were fears from the
gun lobby and from gun owners that they
may issue those regulations in some
bands and cases and the revenues and
stock prices for those gun manufacturers
really really went haywire to the upside
and continue doing that through the
remaining the remainder of his
presidency the day after Trump was
elected the stocks of these gun
manufacturers actually took a big hit in
the the days following his election and
have since come off pretty strongly as
the revenues had done this as well there
doesn't seem to be the political risk
the political fear that regulation will
be coming down and as a result those
have come off their highs but also with
President Obama and the feverish focus
on on whether or not he may do something
to take guns away I may have pulled a
lot of demands forward to those years so
you may see the gun industry enter a
more natural ebb and flow of a business
cycle from here on out one of the issues
that comes to mind when when you look at
the economic aspect of this is this
whole idea of ethical investments talk
on Wall Street's and among investors of
pulling their money out of stocks that
are directly or indirectly tied to the
gun industry is that something that if
it builds up could have an effect yeah
that certainly could have an effect in
just yesterday we had Citigroup
announced that their Citibank operations
for their commercial clients they would
no longer support commercial clients in
the gun industry or the retailing
industry of guns that sell guns of any
kind so individuals under 21 years of
age so when you start having these
commercial
pressures from the bank in finance
providers that they give those services
to the gun makers and the gun retailers
if they're gonna be changing policies
much like the retailer's have already
started with Walmart and some other
sporting goods stores raising that age
to 21 you'll probably see a spreading
effect of at least raising the age so if
things can't get done in Washington
you'll start to see private businesses
take that own initiative to raise the
age of purchasing guns good to speak
with you Jeffrey Moore thanks for being
with us thank you
