2018 was going to be the year that
Facebook would do things differently
under intense scrutiny from governments
and their regulators over fake news hate
speech and political manipulation on his
platform mark zuckerberg vowed to fix
things then last weekend the New York
Times along with the Guardian and
Observer and channel 4 in the UK broke a
story that shattered Zuckerberg PR
campaign together they revealed that
Cambridge analytic a data analysis firm
employed by Donald Trump's election
campaign harvested the personal
information of more than 50 million
American Facebook users without their
permission and then used that
information to create targeted political
advertising in order to influence voter
behavior the issues here go far beyond
one data mining company and one election
voters in Great Britain and Kenya may
have been affected as well and the story
puts the spotlight squarely on
Facebook's business model and its mass
surveillance of people like you and me
to make their money our starting point
this week is the man who blew the
whistle and blew the lid off of one of
social media's dirtiest secrets
one of the more puzzling and
contradictory aspects of this story is
how even in this digital age where data
has been crowned King information is
often and not enough sometimes the story
needs a face a source willing to go on
the record to register with audiences
somebody like the Cambridge analytical
whistleblower Chris white because the
details what the company did how it mind
Facebook for political purposes had been
reported before more than two years ago
well we've known the broad outlines of
the Cambridge and Lucas story for a
couple years since 2015 we've had a
little bit more information in 2017 when
the intercept published a long report on
this as well but Christopher why we
coming forward gives us a lot more
detail on precisely how this worked it
helps make the story concrete for people
in a way that before it might have felt
a bit abstract what Christopher Wiley
showed was a bit of insight into the
inner workings of the company and how
they wanted to build these models they
called them psychographic models and so
he he gave us the most detailed look yet
at how Cambridge analytical works and
what it was trying to do
this story goes back four years to when
Chris Wiley was Cambridge analytic a--'s
director of research the company
contracted a British data scientist
Alexander Cogan who had designed a
Facebook survey app for a study into
online behavior participants who
downloaded Cogan's app and took the
survey were each paid a dollar or two
for that and for access to their
personal data 270,000 people took part
but it didn't end there like all other
apps operating on Facebook at the time
Cogan's app was able to harvest the
information of not just participants who
had consented but of all their Facebook
friends as well who had no idea that
their personal information was being
collected it was no glitch it was a
design feature of Facebook's platform
that's how 270,000 participants in the
u.s. exposed the private information of
another 50 million Americans enabling
Cambridge analytic to target those
people with specifically tailored
political ads on behalf of its client
presidential candidate Donald Trump
when you authorize those apps to access
your profile you're potentially giving
away huge amounts of information and so
whilst Facebook is ostensibly stunned
and outraged by this kind of data
collection that's exactly what the
platform does exactly the platform's
therefore and it's what the policy
specifically allowed back in 2014 now we
should be shocked about this but we
shouldn't be surprised companies and app
developers and and scientists could
develop apps plug them into the Facebook
system and get access to all this rich
data you know scholars who have been
watching Facebook have been raising
alarms about this since 2010 but nobody
was listening nobody listened and except
a few regulators in Europe and in
Washington DC and Facebook encouraged it
this was Facebook policy so now that
Facebook people are acting all surprised
all hurt like they're the victims I have
to laugh it took Facebook more than four
days for entire news cycles before its
CEO managed to produce a response by
that time the market had spoke shaving
more than 50 billion dollars off the
company's value Mark Zuckerberg post was
apologetic Facebook failed its users he
said mistakes were made the company had
to do better this was a major and I'm
really sorry that this happened among
the things the Zuckerberg failed to
mention in the media blitz that followed
Facebook had threatened to sue The Times
and the Guardian if they went ahead with
the story and Zuckerberg implied that
what those papers had reported was news
to the company it wasn't as as far as we
understood around the time of that
episode there was no data out there as
one commentator put it Mark Zuckerberg
wasn't responding to the facts because
the facts were not new to him he was
responding to the fewer which
so Facebook discovered that this data
had been passed to hands that it wasn't
meant to be in back in 2015 and it moved
to ask Cambridge analytical who had got
the data to delete it did they check
that you deleted the data no they were
just satisfied with one well big
question really is why didn't do anymore
and how could it be sure that it had
deleted it and the big question that
regulators are gonna be asking Facebook
is why didn't you tell us in 2015 and
why didn't you ban Cambridge analytic
her at that point because they actually
only banned Cambridge analytical from
Facebook just as this story was coming
out last week what a weak response so
they they don't they can't use Facebook
like they can't they can't play words
with friends anymore
they can't post about their birthday
parties that seems like pretty useless
penalty but it's all that they have
but clearly Facebook had not cared to
prevent this from happening had not
audited the companies that had taken the
data had not followed through Facebook
had the legal and moral responsibility
to make sure that this data stayed safe
instead they have tried to make it just
a matter of this sleazy company
Cambridge analytic a taking advantage of
Facebook well of course they did this
story forces us to consider not only
Cambridge analytic er but Facebook
itself the 50 million profiles that
Cambridge analytic has allegedly is just
2 percent of Facebook's 2.2 billion
profiles
Facebook has incomparable processing
power compared to any other company so
what are we going to do when Facebook
decides to change its algorithms and
manipulate and influence people towards
its own political or commercial ends or
what about when Facebook manipulates
people's news feeds under government
pressure how are democracies potentially
being reshaped
because Cambridge analytique de has not
limited its work to the u.s.
presidential election of 2016 that same
year it worked for the leave side in
Britain's brexit referendum and was also
hired by President Kenyatta
in last year's Kenyan election to
electoral processes that were closed and
in the case of Kenya disputed and those
are just the campaign's
that we know this is just the tip of the
iceberg in many countries in the
developing world Facebook is essentially
synonymous with the Internet
thinking about a country like Myanmar
country like Cambodia Facebook is how
people interact with the Internet so
there are enormous implications for the
types of decisions that Facebook is
making about who is allowed to provide
political messaging on these platforms
and who has the resources to do so
information is power and data is power
the average person goes onto Facebook to
connect with friends and family but
that's not what Facebook is there for
Facebook is a intelligence database
essentially it's great that exists to
gather data about people to better
advertise to them this is a new way of
doing modern politics and it just can't
be sustainable we just can't have a
democracy that relies on exploiting
deeply personal information about
people's private lives in order to try
to recruit voters Facebook was perfectly
designed to crush democracy to mess with
democracy it was not intended to sort of
accidentally turned out to be this
perfect tool for this perfect storm
and you can see democracy being
threatened around the world right now
it's not a coincidence that most of
these forces find Facebook to be a very
effective tool Facebook didn't cause our
problems but Facebook is amplifying them
it's a big problem it was a bad idea in
the first place and there's almost
nothing we can do
