the UN plans a donor conference to help
people in the Democratic Republic of
Congo but Congolese officials are
refusing to go accusing the agency of
overreacting
how bad are things on the ground this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the show I'm
Sammy's Aiden a humanitarian disaster of
extraordinary proportions that's how the
UN described what's happening in the
Democratic Republic of Congo last month
the country has been at war for much of
the past 25 years including recent
political instability after President
Joseph Kabila stayed in power beyond his
mandated - term in office now as the UN
plans to hold a donor conference in
Switzerland Congolese officials say they
will not attend accusing the agency of
exaggerating the problem we've got a lot
to talk about with our guests but first
this reports from Charlotte Bellis she
tried to run but Marie Laure child fell
trying to escape her attackers me with a
machete my brother helped me run away
also hit by two arrows on my side four
of my kids were killed that same day not
sure of a new family are among the tens
of thousands of Congolese who have been
injured and displaced during four months
of clashes the violence has simmered for
decades
fueled by disputes over land sharing
between hamer herders and lay new
farmers and Ituri province villagers
have streamed into domestic displacement
camps and over the border into Uganda
we've been living in a very difficult
situation we don't know what the
president thinks about resolving this
situation so we can go back home
president joseph kabila promised to
visit the displaced this week but he has
battles of his own many Congolese are
furious with him for clinging to power
after his term expired two years ago and
for refusing to cool elections
critics argue he's doing little to
prevent the ethnic violence just Killa
yeah a problem maybe the mom we had
problems between the two communities
even before 2003 we controlled it
because the government was absent today
all the legal and security forces are
present how can we justify them these
level of atrocities this is why we're
saying it was done willingly by the
authorities a leader with one of the
tribes says both sides are being
manipulated Don said yeah yeah we have
former militiamen
without jobs in our community and it's
easy to manipulate them the enemy of our
province is profiting from the
unemployed young boys in order to
destabilize the Ituri province the UN is
warning of a worsening situation 13
million people need humanitarian
assistance 4.6 million children are
acutely malnourished and there's an
epidemic of cholera and sexual violence
ethnic troubles and a hurry province
just one crisis with an many for a
country rat by conflicts Charlotte
Bellis for Inside Story let's bring in
our guest then in the Congolese capital
Kinshasa joining us on the line cloud
mashaallah national executive secretary
of the ruling party the PRD in geneva
ba-ba-ba lodge spokesman for the UN High
Commissioner for Refugees and in London
Vava Tampa founder of save the Congo a
london-based campaign for human rights
in the Democratic Republic of Congo
thanks for joining us if it's actually
start with Claude so here's a statement
I got from the UN Security Council
they're talking about thirteen point 1
million people in need of aid 7.7
severely food insecure other numbers
wrong sir if I can say something that
actually it seems like that there is a
kind of dangerous mixture what you are
doing expressly as you start talking
about Kabila camping power refusing to
step down and so and so on then you
you're after that to talk about that
monetary and across this TRC I think
that there is a kind of I just clarify
sir we didn't actually use the words
refusing to step down we did explain a
bit of the background of the history of
what's been going on is that when I
didn't quite it has nothing to do over a
legend
nothing was political you know it
you go back in our history you can see
that the two community used to 2 2 2 2 2
2 5 there is a land problem there is a
so many others problem with which are
nothing to do of politics you know and
is today the Hylian decided to the
international community decide to help
but they are willing to help us in in
context which were not sure that the
object is to help our people I think
that they are just willing to see that
to show that kabila and his government
is not doing enough to help these people
and so you see that is it's a kind of
thought against our leader our country
and wishing that all Stabila will go
half day then you can you will see a
solution start coming about that crisis
of course absolutely and just to point
out perhaps you missed it so but we did
mention as well in the intro that the
country has been at war for much of the
past 25 years so that's obviously a
problem that predates the arrival of
Joseph Kabila to power so there was no
insinuation on our part of the whole
problems of the DRC lies solely on the
question of whether or not Joseph Kabila
stays in power let me take the question
though to our guests because some of our
other guests are feel you haven't really
addressed that and if I can take it to
the perhaps to Baba in Geneva the
criticism that we've heard coming from
officials is that the UN is really
exaggerating the situation in the DRC by
announcing the sort of level 3 state of
emergency it has there been some
exaggeration there we have seen worrying
levels of displacement as well and it's
quite complex inside the DRC we work
hand in
and with the government in terms of
helping around half a million refugees
that are currently inside the DRC let's
not forget we are talking about 4.5
million internally displaced who are
from the DRC display since ITRC and then
we have refugees as the report was
mentioning who have been arriving in the
neighboring countries or 700,000 DRC
refugees Congolese refugees are in the
neighboring countries but I think the
polls are closed making a moment to go
Babar if you give me a sorry forgive me
for jumping in is that perhaps the the
picture can emerge from statements like
that that the government is unable to
deal with the crisis and Claude would
argue that is inaccurate our worry is
actually the displacement scenario
inside DRC and those who are forced to
flee like areas in Eatery that we were
just seeing the images as well is is
just being forgotten I mean we don't
have enough resources as humanitarians I
mean we are keeping politics aside over
here we are talking about the impact of
everything what is happening on
civilians which is affecting millions we
think that donors and others are
forgetting what the humanitarian needs
are currently but saying that government
is one of our most important partner on
the ground all right let me briefly give
an opportunity for Claude to address
that before we'll go on to Vivar in
London I know you you're eager to get in
very flat sort of characterization that
perhaps the the utmost concern should be
now of the government should be that
people shouldn't be forgotten people in
need should not be forgotten by the
international community why is your
government more worried about its image
being heard and remember that before
that Mobutu
for the country being invaded by the
rebels and so on the tear in that time
they start of showing on the media on
the TV's something you know and all the
international community start talking
about helping us remember what happened
three or four years ago mr. ban ki-moon
say the same thing about the eastern
colleges regarded and nothing happened
nothing happened but why each month
before the election they start talking
about the humanitarian parties not bad
it's a that we have to forego - are you
suggesting Lord that perhaps there is a
deliberate attempt on the part of aid
agencies maybe even on the UN to disrupt
elections by making these sorts of
announcements of level-3 emergencies
it's not the way of helping the judges
who behave organizers of the election
but just willing to be stopped
everything so they can justify or they
are willing to do against our leaders
against our country they supposed to
talk to our governor and to see in that
in the actual context how this help or
reach those people in need but if you
can analyze the way this is done in the
international media is that about a
float against our country okay let's
take that point of a var in London do
you see that what aid agencies what the
UN is doing is part of a plot to
undermine the government at a sensitive
political time like elections it's
extraordinary to hear one mr. McCullough
has put forward
I mean here we are speaking about 13.1
million Congolese in needs of support in
need of assistance and yet all that he
has been doing is defending his belly
defending his pocket and protecting
Kabila and he's doing so because of one
reasons he's doing so because he
understand that they have been
practicing a politics of corruptions and
he understand that and these conference
on the humanitarian crisis in Congo is
going to help Kabila and his regime
accountable for the killings for the
displacement for violence we spoken
about eatery another signs another scene
of crisis is actually Kasai where again
millions of people are in need of
humanitarian support and we know
precisely in places such as Kasai we
know that the government has instigated
the violence we have seen Massacre
happening it has claimed thousands of
lives
it has claimed to you an expert I mean
these are crises which the government
has created and he needs to remember
miss Claud must remember that the
election has not been Oh organized by
the government in Kinshasa by mister
Kabila he had an opportunity to organize
election from between 2011 to 2016 he
did not he was given one year to
organization again which was largely he
did not and now he's been given another
year by nikki Haley which ends this
December and clearly they are struggling
because they do not have an intention of
organizing election and all of the
sudden they are refusing to meet with
the very same people who had kept them
in power who had given the money who has
sustained them in power it should speak
thousands of words perhaps here we go
back to claude once again I'd like to
try to get you to clarify so what
exactly is it that you think the UN is
releasing that is inaccurate about your
country is it the figures when it says
thirteen point 1 million is in need of
aid and 7.7 severely food insecure is it
the categorization of being in a state
of level three emergency what exactly do
you think is inaccurate and unhelpful to
your
freeze image the UN is doing the first
thing that is to avoid those kind of
people we are talking about corruption
about criminality religiosity and they
are voting support they said about those
other countries around the r0 River in
Europe or in America
oh we ever both then what is happening
in my country see just listen to that
guy talking about mr. mashallah the
supporting Adila corruption and so on I
can just tell him that doesn't know
anything about it
GRC okay has the UN bodies numbers the
pages that you eyes right now I think
that now 2011 now okay let's take that
question all right I'll give you a
chance code to come back in on some of
those points but if you may let us go to
Babar in Geneva why then is the UN
raising this now as Claude I think feels
that this is an issue that has been
going on people in need
why now for us it's very important that
the focus goes back to the people who
are suffering people are maybe as
humanitarians receiving power thousands
who are fleeing the violence and and the
horrible accounts they're giving us in
in Uganda fleeing from Ettore and North
KBOO as well
let's not forget each year we as
humanitarians have to present a plan for
the year in terms of how many people we
are supposed to assist and help in terms
of humanitarian ease we just yesterday
as units er the UN refugee agency
launched another appeal of around half a
billion or five hundred million dollars
for around eight hundred thousand
Congolese refugees which will be in the
region so it's very important that we
don't lose sight of who is suffering
peace and stability allow me to present
to you Bob art in Geneva allow me to
present you an alternative opinion one
could say in could argue this is not the
first time the UN has been accused of
exaggerating a crisis will remember of
course that the no giant Nigerian
president accused the UN of hype back in
December 2016
he said the UN was practicing hype to
draw donor support in June 2010 we had
the Council of Europe accusing the UN's
w-h-o of exaggerating the threat of h1n1
virus has the UN sometimes got it wrong
but we are seeing in terms of refugees
arriving in the neighboring countries
people being displaced on the ground
enormous suffering and as I was talking
about people who are arriving in Uganda
right now from eatery and the North Kivu
province our estimate for this year for
refugees arriving in Uganda from the DRC
was 60,000 we have crossed that estimate
just in the first three months and still
thousands continue to arrive on the
shores of Lake Albert and majority of
them are women and children have lost
everything and with the accounts that
they're at they're coming wait okay you
can't doubt that there is a humanitarian
crisis jumping forgive me for
interrupting you let me take that point
briefly back to Claude before we go to
Vivar in London
Clawd the answer to your question I
think is is that as Babar is explained
to us here that the number of refugees
that they've seen crossing over into
Uganda and places like that the number
of displaced people those sorts of
movements have picked up recently that's
why they've put out this urgent appeal
and attempt to put out a donor's
conference does that not make sense to
your mind
no it's Mexico the number we say he's
talking about is not exaggerated but
actually what we are we know that
although the UN agency in and around DRC
they are just doing business you know
they are making a lot of money I think
that last month we we show to the media
locally some 4x4 belonging to those
agency who has been involved in a in a
drastic of minerals and stone even there
are the harm deal and so on that is why
you are saying that they need first to
talk to our government before that
publicity about what is going on in DRC
it's true people are crossing the border
to Uganda and so on better seeing that
there is a they are just exaggerating
for for their own business not for
helping people they are not helping
people they're just making money good
guy they are not helping people so
they're just making my look I can see
Vivar in London you've been shaking your
head for a while let me give you a
chance to come in on that one
well again simply extraordinary to hear
Kamali's man in Kinshasa essentially
dismissing what our valid estimate were
are valid report in attempt to support
and sustain the lives of the communist
people and we ought to ask ourselves
serious question which is why is mr.
mashaallah continue to dismiss the
plight of the Congolese people why is he
refusing that 13.1 million
moenay's are in either support perhaps
he should give us a number which his
regime the regime of mr. kabila in
Kinshasa have estimated how many of them
perhaps they are and then again
questions that question and then we'll
come back to you so how many people do
you recognize are in need of aid and
what level of emergency would you put on
that I think that the better first talk
to the government before giving to the
the international opinion that the kind
of of numbers the government sorry I
mean you're the national executive
secretary of the ruling party could you
tell us what that number is
I'm not in the government right but I'm
are in the ground own party are you are
you not familiar with involved in that
kind of managing refugee center on 24
hours no I think that those guy is
supposed first doctor our government
they never done that okay they started
talking about the go they they need in
the arch is about millions about
billions machine that is for their
pocket not for those pupils supposed to
be in need
alright let me come back to the I
promised I'll give you the vine London a
chance to continue your thought go ahead
I think what these are film or your
viewers would understand from these
essentially is that Mister mashaallah is
speaking for me la-la land he simply
doesn't have a clue or and simply isn't
in touch with the actual crisis that
occurred all these people are facing on
the ground and that speaks volumes in
terms of his politics in terms of his
priority in terms of what mister
Kabila's regime are essentially
attempting to do on the ground and again
but allowed me to allow me to present to
you as well perhaps the counter opinion
to that the attempts by the opposition
please do to enforce sort of ghost town
shut down
Kinshasa and so on didn't materialize
I'm sure supporters of the government
would say that it's the opposition to
the government that is trying to spin
this politically and doesn't really it
is not really in touch with the will of
the people as the failed shutdown
displays John I'll tell you what we are
the Communists people are under
occupation and when you're living under
occupation as other country have across
the world the situation your living
conditions are incredibly difficult we
have managed to do what we have done on
the difficult situations the reason mr.
Keable has been unable to change the
constitution the reason his regime has
been unable to cling to power or
although they are tempting is because
the communist people has paid with their
lives and they have a danger their lives
and they continue to do so every single
day but now let me bring us back to this
humanitarian quest because this is
incredibly serious we know in kasaya for
instance that 400,000 children are at
risk of dying from starvation if they do
not receive humanitarian support any
material and system right now you have a
government that has been in power since
2001 and yet that government division
continued remained unable to do anything
substantial in support of the communist
people are across the country 13.1
millions and all of that this situation
has been exacerbated by it is very fact
that we have very embraces I think
that's one thing we can all agree on
afraid we are out of time so let's let's
thank our guests very much claude baba
and Vivar and thank you too for watching
you can see the show again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com for
further discussion head over to our
facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash aj inside story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle there is at aj inside story
from me Sammy's a Dan and the entire
team here is good bye for now
you
you
