it's a fitting opening film for a
festival that coincides with what many
hope is a new start in inter-korean
relations beautiful days tells the story
of a North Korean defector who abandons
her husband and son for a new life in
South Korea the work of an up-and-coming
director from Busan it taps perfectly
into the current interest in relations
with the North Kobol the message of the
movie is that regardless of the past
when relationship soured you have to
meet to keep the dialogue going another
movie taking inspiration from
north-south relations is the espionage
thriller the spy gone North which is
among this year's top 10 hits at the box
office
festival organizers are hoping in future
to invite North Korean filmmakers to
Busan and there's even talk of an
inter-korean Film Festival indeed it
seems the spirit of cooperation with the
North has been taken up by the city
itself a South Korea's second city Busan
is at the forefront of efforts to forge
closer links developing sea and rail
connection projects the city's mayor is
currently on a delegation to Pyongyang
to promote closer ties filmmaking could
have an important role to play
cuz you wouldn't for the film industry
the easiest way to collaborate would be
the exchange of people working in film
the next step could be screening each
other's films and even working on joint
film productions Asia's most important
Film Festival has been marred in recent
years by a rail with the city's
government over the screening of a
controversial documentary about the
Saywell ferry tragedy of 2014 it led to
a number of filmmakers boycotting the
event but this year no one is staying
away it seems the current mood of Korean
reconciliation is proving an
irresistible force problem bride al
jazeera busan south korea
