to develop a strong economy support
small business that's one of the
trickle-down effects Iran's leaders were
hoping for when they signed the nuclear
deal with world leaders three years ago
but for most businesses operating at
this level the kinds of marketplaces
that represent the majority of Iranians
any benefits of the nuclear deal have
passed them by
how opera bashes the expectations of the
private sector have not been fulfilled
Abul Fazal alia body has been working
with the government and private
companies to attract foreign investors
to iran when the deal was signed iranian
leaders said they had reconnected the
country to the global marketplace the
reality is different common Papa has the
gambia
the political side of the nuclear deal
carried more weight than the economic
one I'm not a political expert but in
economic terms especially in the private
sector we have not witnessed any
tangible achievements trade fairs like
these are a common sight all year round
producers from every province in the
country travelled to Tehran trying to
drum up more business here the nuclear
deal has been good for Iran's public
image but not much else
the Americans didn't let us realize our
expectations the shadow of fear hanging
over the Europeans from the US has
affected the implementation of the
nuclear deal and regarding the taking of
office by Trump it has made things worse
a crazy man is at the top others say
they're worried that if the deal falls
apart or if there's new sanctions
imposed the few days that have been made
will be lost raw materials must have
come from Europe we don't have the same
industrial steel in Iran it's all
imported from Europe after the nuclear
deal importing has been easier there are
more sanctions our industry will
collapse add almost no cost to himself
Donald Trump is costing Iran dearly by
scaring away potential investors well
we're gonna see what happens the Iran
deal is coming up
it's probably another month or so and
you're gonna see what I do but Iran has
not been treating in that part of the
world or the world itself appropriately
a lot of bad things are happening in
Iran the deal is coming up in one month
and you will see what happens vague but
ominous threats like this have created
uncertainty about Iran's future and that
is bad for business when the nuclear
deal was being negotiated Iran's supreme
leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warned his
government that the deal may not work
because he said the other side might
stab Iran in the back but he gave his
blessings in hopes that a negotiated
solution would bring an end to decades
of confrontation with the West now
supporters of the deal are worried that
Khamenei's prediction may soon come true
Zane Basra via al Jazeera Tehran
