first applauded by their colleagues
staying behind then driven out of the
British Embassy in Moscow perhaps never
to return for minivans took the British
diplomatic staff and their families to
catch their flight home they were
required to leave by midnight Moscow
time a tit-for-tat response to the
British government's expulsion of
Russian diplomats the UK says were
working as secret spies the departure of
the British diplomats from the embassy
here in Moscow drops the temperature
even further in this new and
particularly frosty phase in the UK
Russia relationship but London is
proving successful in persuading
traditional allies to back it up perhaps
where some in Moscow might have doubted
its ability to do so the poisoning of
Sergey and Yulia scribble in the
southern English city of Salisbury
featured high on the agenda that the EU
spring summit in Brussels British prime
minister Theresa May has been lobbying
European leaders to blame Russia right
it appears the intelligence on the
attack she says she's shared with
European colleagues has convinced them
that the British assessment is correct
we had a long discussion but reached a
broad consensus that all evidence points
to Russia being linked to this attack
and there's really no other explanation
all Member States agreed with this point
of view and we will monitor the
situation to see what happens next the
British have shared their information
with the organization for the
prohibition of chemical weapons and we
will await their verdict the EU has
recalled its ambassador to Moscow for
consultations in Brussels over the scrip
alifair russia's Foreign Ministry which
is trying to convince the world that
Russia is the injured party here is
protesting at the way things are going
we regret that instead of referring to
international law the European Union is
preferred to go on the path of another
anti Russian campaign instigated by
London and its transoceanic
with an obvious goal to put another
hurdle in the way of normalization of
the situation on the European continent
it's not yet clear what happens next but
various leaders of EU countries have
confirmed they're considering expelling
Russian diplomats - these are scenes we
may see repeated in the days to come
Rory challon's al Jazeera Moscow
