this part of a new movement sweeping
through the United States these a new
generation of activists there cause a
rejection of gun violence their demand
that the politicians do something about
it our school was wracked with two
tragedies this year it's not okay we are
have elected officials whose purpose is
whose purpose it is to help us and they
aren't doing their jobs and it's time
that we called them out for what they're
not doing the tipping point for many was
the shooting at a school in parkland
Florida in February at least 17 students
and adults were killed by a 19 year old
who'd been expelled from the school over
disciplinary problems the nationwide
protests in the wake of the shootings
has morphed into more than one about gun
violence in schools various strands of
activism are coming together in what is
becoming a harmful force for wider
social change can you listen even to
some of the statements that were made by
students or just the national debate on
gun violence in general and what you
hear is a lot of demands about people
doing more for controlling gun violence
you know controlling guns period but
what's left out then is the discussion
about how those measures those laws
criminalize and disparity impact black
and brown communities Zion Kelly is one
of the many who've lost a loved one to
gun violence
his brothers I hear were shot dead by a
mugger 90 meters from his front door in
Northeast Washington it's important for
me to speak out today because so many
voices are like have grown silence
throughout the nation and and
specifically in our community his father
Curtis was among those who met with
President Trump in the wake of the
Florida shootings and spoke of the
frustration in seeking change and it's
been a fight because everybody show up
for photo ops all the politicians show
up to say we're gonna get it done we're
gonna protect our kids but just for just
a couple weeks later school shootings
those here will join in the hundreds of
thousands who march in protests this
weekend he would have graduated dishes
the deep side knowledge shared though
that saya Kelly will not be there Mike
Hanna al Jazeera Washington
