it's been called the Trump um the US
economy is strong again prosperity is
back we are setting the record
day after day I think we hit another one
today but let's hold off on
congratulating president Trump just yet
the American economy is doing well
but it didn't grow by three four or five
percent last year as Trump projected it
might real gdp actually grew by 2.3
percent roughly the same average it's
been growing at since the end of the
Great Recession last year's growth is an
improvement over the previous year but
it's still shy of growth in 2015 and
sorry no Trump bump here yet what about
jobs according to Trump job creation is
soaring and it's all thanks to him yes
the u.s. added almost two million jobs
in 2017 but that's the smallest increase
since 2009 so how is it that in less
than a year Trump can justify changing
his tune from I've inherited the worst
financial recovery in 65 years - things
are booming it sounded too good to be
true
the stock market has smashed one record
after another the stocks Trump almost
had us there for a second but once again
his rhetoric didn't match reality for
starters the stock market in the economy
are not the same the economy is the sum
of all the goods we buy sell and produce
it's about the real wages of citizens
the stock market on the other hand is
the speculative valuation and trading of
those products and businesses the two
are connected but often mistakenly
conflated because you could actually
have a skyrocketing stock market and a
slow economy at the same time or
vice-versa the stock market is also just
as volatile and unpredictable as Trump
himself the markets ups and downs are
the result of a complex set of factors
not just the president so Trump should
do himself a favor and stop linking his
leadership to the stock market success
because if he wants to claim the boos
you may have to own the bus to the Dow's
1000 point plunge was the second
steepest drop on record for a more
accurate picture focus on the data and
trends and remember this is Donald Trump
he is lied on the record an average of
five times a day since taking office so
far the evidence of a trump bump is
nowhere to be seen
money talks but in this case it's just
Trump bluster
you
