firing back China responded within hours
to president Donald Trump's announcement
of the tariffs Beijing said it's
planning to impose three billion dollars
in tariffs of its own targeting a
hundred and twenty eight US Goods bound
for China focusing on agriculture wine
fruit nuts and pork products but also
recycled aluminum and steel pipes
this is China vowed it will not back
down from a trade war while insisting
the friction should be resolved through
negotiations if the dispute continues
China says it could damage the broader
picture of cooperation between the
world's two largest economies it's
telling the u.s. to pull back from the
brink today I'm seeing a fait on
Powhatan it's a destructive move China
and the US are world trade leaders I
think it's going to escalate gradually
it will damage the economic relationship
between the two countries and that will
have a negative impact on the global
economy both nations have said they're
going to start legal action through the
World Trade Organization here in China's
commercial capital Shanghai there's
growing concern over a trade war with
the u.s. they're worried about jobs and
they're worried about Chinese businesses
it may affect the employment in China
since exporting is a big part of China's
economy there's a lot of low-end
industry but the many people's jobs are
depending on export I watch a lot of
news of course China will fight back the
point of doing business is that we both
ways it doesn't work if America is the
only leader China has to protect his own
interests to the increased trade tension
could prove to be a challenge for
Chinese President Xi Jinping who by a
measure passed during the National
People's Congress earlier this month can
remain as leader indefinitely a big
trade war with the US could slow China's
rapid growth critical to his long term
vision Scott hi there al Jazeera
Shanghai
