amidst a palapa district on the
outskirts of Mexico City the queues for
water trucks start at 4:00 in the
morning for some residents nothing's
come out of their taps for years this is
the only way to get water Paola
regularly waits eight hours for one it's
a soul-sucking full-time job I had to
leave work and bring one of my sons so
he didn't go to school we can't have
breakfast or even go to the toilet so as
not to miss our turn Mexico City's water
problems are due to many factors but a
major one is the Capitals crumbling
system incredibly about a third of the
water is lost as it goes through cracked
pipes by the time it gets to places like
its developer pressure has slowed to a
drip for the city's overwhelmed repair
teams it's a never-ending job as soon as
they've got to one leak another springs
up we need more people more vehicles to
check where the pressure is going down
where there are possible leaks it takes
a lot of time and resources why do the
pipes break apart the age many of more
than 60 years old and disturbances like
earthquakes but in the main its this
Mexico City is sinking they've even had
to add 14 extra steps to this National
Monument because the ground around it
has been going down so much and the
reason for that sinking is that water is
being sucked out of the aquifers below
the city to satisfy an ever-growing and
thirsty population different areas are
subsiding at different speeds and that's
causing the pipes beneath them to bend
and snap at the pressure points as they
break the leaks increase for experts
there's only one solution we need to
stabilize the aquifer so that the ground
stops sinking we need to capture
rainwater and direct it towards the
aquifers at the moment that water goes
straight to the drains
the other thing we need to do is to
treat sewage right now we only treat 10%
of our wastewater and even that not
thoroughly enough for it to be rejected
in the aquifer
you haenyeo believes those two courses
of action would not only stop the city
sinking but also go a long way to making
up its water shortfall but political
will and funds are lacking for now the
vicious cycle continues with those like
Paola caught up in it for today the
truck has arrived and she finally has
water to wash a week's worth of dirty
dishes tomorrow the struggle begins
again John Holman al-jazeera
Mexico City
