a perfect when you to open the horse
first Bagnoli festival the famous lahore
fort that once housed emperors and
rulers from a bygone era now used to
promote music and art influenced by a
diverse cultural heritage spanning
hundreds of years flanked on the one
side by the bar a mosque on the other by
the Hilary bar the festival provides the
perfect opportunity for visitors to
enjoy the performances and take in the
city's famous sight I think there should
be more music and art related festivals
across Pakistan we wait for such events
to take place and even the foreigners
are looking for these kinds of
opportunities to visit they help betray
a very positive image of Pakistan the
whore has produced musical greats
including sagen and Rafi today the
audience is treated to the sound of Sufi
spiritual music inspired by poets right
from Bombay Lahore was the Center for
music attached with the film's
making centre of Pakistan de Foix Lahore
slowly gradually over the 80s and 90s
that died out a lot but then revival of
the music industry I hope will entail
that the music culture of the Lahore is
again alive in the horse museum a
variety of instruments revealed
Pakistan's musical past influenced by
different faiths and religions
throughout the ages music has played an
important role in the performing arts
and the rich heritage and cultural
history of this region but it is still
evolving with newer instruments being
introduced all the time Rosa Qasim is a
lawyer civil activist photographer and
artist he also has a passion for music
and is making his own instrument called
a surety Sagar
this is the only instrument that
produces fruit is the other instruments
to do some notes pitches is the whole
sound and it's a sound which has a
meaning for the listener sonic meaning
is not from the dictionary is the
emotional effect of the sound Raja wants
to produce a musical sound which
connects on a very personal level the
music if it is produced through this
instrument is a musical sound which is
meaningful to one's emotions which is
meaning to meaningful to one's
intellectual processes as well which is
meaningful to any of your emotional
areas it is for the two-week-long
festival will hit the right note with
visitors and provide the tourist
industry with the Pooh's Kemal Haider al
jazeera Lahore Pakistan
