after a three-week manhunt the Austin
package bombers latest victim was
himself his motive still a mystery the
suspect is deceased in a final
confrontation with officers who had
tracked him down to a suburban hotel
police say 23 year old Mark Anthony
Condit detonated an explosive leaving
him dead his parents at a loss to
explain and a series of questions
unanswered we don't know where this
suspect has spent his last 24 hours we
also have not fully been able to rule
out whether or not there were any other
accomplices who may be a part of this
who still pose a danger police did
reveal one surprising discovery on the
Bombers cell phone was a 25-minute
recorded confession detailing each of
six explosives he made leaving police
confident none are still waiting to
detonate we can account for each and
every one of them police say he paired
batteries ordered online from Asia with
everyday products he bought at a Home
Depot store he turned them into deadly
explosives that blew up on doorsteps on
a sidewalk and most recently in a FedEx
shipping center the blasts left two dead
several injured in a city shaken
Condit's family said in a statement we
are devastated and broken the news that
our family member could be involved in
such an awful way our prayers are for
those families who have lost loved ones
and for the soul of our mark the picture
of the bomber that emerges from friends
neighbors and police is of a bookish
young man schooled at home from a
religious family politically
conservative and opinionated but so far
nobody can answer the most vexing
question why did he do it police tracked
him down using receipts cell phone
records surveillance video of a
disguised man dropping off a package and
witness reports in the past 24 to 36
hours we started getting information on
one person of interest that we continue
to work on and continue to develop
police questioned Condit's two roommates
and discovered a telltale bomb assembly
room in his suburban Austin home I
wouldn't call it a bomb-making Factory
but there's definitely components
consistent what we've seen in all these
other device
the search found explosive components
now what they're looking for is a motive
john Hendren al jazeera Austin Texas
