he'd been in office for less than 20
months now president Baylor Pablo
kuchenski has quit in the face of this
difficult situation that has developed
and has unjustly made me appear guilty
of X I have not participated in I think
the best thing for the country is that I
resign
he left the presidential palace flanked
by administrative personnel politicians
were going to impeach him on Thursday
they say Kachinsky lied about receiving
consulting fees from Brazilian
construction giant Ola bridge and he was
a finance minister more than a decade
ago in a message to the nation could
change he said he was innocent I
categorically reject these unproved
accusations and I reaffirm my commitment
to an honest moral and just Peru for all
but then secret recordings were released
by his opponents led by the daughter of
former strongman and well tofurkey Modi
of political allies allegedly
negotiating votes to protect Kachinsky
from being ousted according to the
Constitution the first vice president
Martinez Kara
should take over the presidency for
three more years to finish coaching his
mandate on Friday this Keira can be
sworn in with a new cabinet and I hope
everything has changed completely
Peruvians are skeptical more than shock
to many Peruvians say they are angry at
the news political class because they
say it's corrupt opinion polls say 79%
of Peruvians thought kuchenski had to go
only 14 percent approve of the Congress
performance yes he lied everyone lies I
hope all the congressman leaves all
congressman should resign because
they're involved in corruption and there
should be a restructuring of the state
because money has been stolen vice
president Martinez Kara has said in the
past that if Gucci's Key was forced out
he'd go to that's now looking less
likely but if he takes over the
presidency it won't be easy he'll have
to work with the same politicians who
impeached him less than one year
go when he was a Transport Minister
Mariana Sanchez al Jazeera Lima Peru
