one by one they signed up to an
agreement decades in the making it's
estimated the African Continental
free-trade area could see business
between African nations increased by
more than 50 percent within four years
the idea is to bring together countries
with a combined population of 1.2
million people and gross domestic
product or GDP of more than 2 trillion
dollars into one market Africa is
stronger acting together now we are
creating an African continent of free
trade area so we are realizing that we
are stronger when we have a larger
market so far 44 of the African Union's
55 member states have signed the
protocol but there is one notable
absentee Nigeria Africa's biggest
economy President Muhammadu Buhari will
not attend the signing ceremony to allow
time for more consultations Nigeria's
led by unions had cautioned him against
signing what they called an extremely
dangerous initiative African Union
officials admit not everyone is
satisfied that individual countries will
be better off under the deal from the
Treaty of Rome
through my strips the Treaty of Lisbon
every projects of integration at any
level is always a work in progress
agreement commits countries to removing
tariffs on 90% of goods and lifting all
barriers to trade within the continent
eventually the free movement of people
and even a single currency could become
part of the free trade area but before
that happens banks are looking to fill
the void what to make sure that the
currency problem is limited and we are
working on the lunar launch before the
end of and in traffic on that platform
while Africa's most advanced economies
are an advantage with their more
developed manufacturing capabilities
some of them remain opposed to the
agreement their trade unions are already
raising red flags arguing and feta
access by foreign workers to their
labour markets could cause problems as
people move to the continent stronger
economies in search of jobs
mohamed al jazeera Kigali
