chaos and confusion on the streets of
Kabul as emergency crews rushed to the
scene of the latest bomb blast the
apparent target Afghan celebrating
Nowruz the Persian New Year vivir nearby
when a suicide bomb went off just right
behind us we saw nothing but terror and
bloodshed there was a group of 30 young
men celebrating and dancing when
suddenly the suicide bomber detonated
the explosive there is security here how
was the suicide bomber able to get
access to this area the suicide attacker
detonated his device around 200 meters
from the karti shucky shrine where many
Afghans gathered to mark the start of
the new year holiday
Kabul University is nearby and most of
the dead are understood to be teenagers
who are taking part in street
celebrations the blast is the deadliest
to hit the capital after weeks of
repeated attacks unfortunately once
again our enemies have spilled the blood
of our innocent countrymen the young men
were holding celebrations for naruse but
our Cowardly enemies attacked them here
far away from their chosen target which
is an important shrine on Saturday a car
bomb explosion claimed by the Taliban
killed at least two civilians several
others were wounded in the morning
rush-hour suicide blasts in an
industrial area of the city
the Afghan government said a private
British security company was the target
it was the forced suicide attack in the
Afghan capital in the past three weeks a
u.s. General in Afghanistan has said
protecting the capital is the Americans
main effort but the attacks continue
increasing pressure on President Ashraf
Ghani he offered peace talks to the
Taliban last month as part of efforts to
end the 16-year war but any sort of
negotiated settlement appears a long way
off the Taliban has continued to grow in
strength since the withdrawal of the
us-led NATO combat troops four years ago
and most security analysts predict it's
an Ewald so-called spring offensive will
be more intense this year as Taliban
fighters respond to repeated US and
Afghan air strikes as well as ground
assaults and if Wednesday's attack is
any indication of what's to come
more lives will likely be lost in fiesta
al Jazeera
