markets here in South Sudan's capital
Juba may be packed with goods but almost
all of them have one thing in common
they had to be imported from neighboring
countries most of our goods come from
uganda kenya or even Sudan that means we
have to pay custom fees which keep
rising to bring them in people now come
and say they want goods but when they
hear the price they walk away since
gaining independence in 2011 South Sudan
has been relying on imports for most of
its needs from food products to clothes
and cars and all goods coming into the
country are subjected to customs and
taxes because of high customs fees
traders are forced to raise their prices
so in a country where the World Bank
says more than half the population lives
below the poverty line
even if goods are available not many
South Sudanese can afford to buy them
more than four years of war has damaged
South Sudan's economy resulting in an
inflation rate of 118 percent according
to economists there is also a shortage
of hard currency needed by traders to
bring in goods further contributing to
high market prices we're suffering a lot
things are expensive and we don't even
have salaries we keep looking for money
to buy things but we don't have a proper
source of income we don't know why the
government isn't helping the citizens
are really suffering South Sudan
virtually has no commercial agriculture
or production industry in 2015 its
exports total 12 million dollars but its
imports cost 426 million dollars the
government hopes a regional trade deal
will change that when you have Tariq
also it helped the country to gain
revenue because now is also done when
people wouldn't think good coming the
target that is being collected and all
the borders is go to the government
revenue if the deal design the
government may lose the revenue but in
long term also the government made me
gain but until a deal is signed traders
say they will continue to put high
prices on imports while people struggle
to pay for family needs
Hiba morgan al jazeera Juba
