witnesses say a student pulled out a gun
in a hallway at Great Falls High School
during the first hour of class on
Tuesday the motive still unknown
authorities say a girl and a boy were
hit and then a police officer assigned
to school security then shot the
attacker a male student produced a
handgun and fired around wounding a
female student and another male student
in a hallway of great most high school
just before class has begun all three of
the students were rushed to hospital the
shooter died shortly before midday on
Tuesday the school went into lockdown
parents rushed to a nearby school to be
reunited with their children one does
have no names I'm sitting here they're
telling me to go to some school and
minutes house but I'm sitting here
because I don't want to go there I want
my son out of that school the shooting
at Great Falls is the 21st incident
involving gun violence or a threat of
violence in u.s. schools since February
14th that's the day Nicholas Cruz is
accused of walking into a Florida High
School and killing 17 students and
teachers with a semi-automatic rifle he
is now facing the death penalty for
those murders the 1600 students at Great
Falls had joined in last week's school
walkout in honor of the Florida victims
and to demand tighter gun control laws
for days before taking part in a
national gun control march on the
National Mall
these Maryland students now have a
personal motive for pursuing their
campaign Rosalind Jordan al-jazeera
Washington
