let's be to Dean Crutchfield who's a
corporate branding specialist joining us
now live from New York get to speak with
you on the news grid is this something
that Facebook can recover from in terms
of a brand well it's a question of what
they do now I mean this is an outrage
what's happened it's a flagrant abuse of
the Terms of Service they do have with
their partners and businesses they work
with but it also shows that that Terms
of Service are woefully inadequate
basically Facebook has failed its moral
obligation to provide its customers its
users with transparency and
accountability what happens right now is
key in terms of the Facebook brand going
forward so ultimately that means
Zuckerberg must testify and so what is
this this breach some are calling it
even though Facebook is saying it is not
mean for actual users of Facebook so how
much privacy should users expect to have
on Facebook well I think it's it's it's
a huge issue it's a mainstream issue now
whether it's in the boardroom or in the
living room we're all concerned about
privacy and security they say up to 70%
of consumers of all ages are concerned
about that it's a top priority as
something they're concerned about you
know consumers are aware that their data
is valuable but most of us just don't
know how it's being used and I think
that's the big issue here is how it's
being used and what rights do I have and
it's interesting to know that the EU is
actually launching its general data
protection regulation in May and that
does exactly that look after the
consumer in terms of their data the
privacy of that data and how it's used
America needs to follow suit yeah well
speaking of the EU legislators have also
announced that there's an investigation
that's now going to go on so what steps
do you want to see them take and what
steps do you think they will be taking
in regards to this well I think it's
about transparency you know in brands
whether it's Kellogg's or Facebook it's
about trust you know we we want to trust
the brands that we like in breaching
trust clearly here with Facebook is our
privacy and security of our data there's
nothing bigger than that the whole
proposition behind Facebook is the sense
that we feel that our data is being
protected in some way clearly here it's
not being protected in any way so that's
going to really face book brands
a solution to be I mean do they have to
be like banks for example where they
simply do not surrender any data and in
fact they protect your data well I think
there needs to be laws and regulations
to basically protect the consumer like
the GD P R that's happening in the EU
that's what we need so first of all
rules and regulations to protect a
consumer and I have to keep saying the
second most important priority right now
is Zuckerberg must testify okay
we'll leave it there we thank you very
much Dean Crutchfield for speaking to us
from New York thank you
