Nicolas Sarkozy only served one term as
French president he swept to power in
2007 promising a new style of leadership
but left office amid allegations that
his presidential campaign had received
illegal funds from Libya in 2012 a
French News website published documents
suggesting former Libyan leader Mohamed
Gaddafi had agreed to give Sarkozy's
campaign 50 million dollars today the
editor says it's one of modern france's
biggest political scandals when the Arab
Spring kicks off starting in Tunisia and
people start rising up there are real
questions about this 2011 war where
France with Nicolas Sarkozy overstepped
the mandate of the United Nations to the
point where a regime was overthrown
allowing for a dictator to be
assassinated one can wonder if that was
not a dimension of private war to
destroy the evidence
the allegations of overshadowed
Sarkozy's political career some people
in France questioned why just months
into his presidency Sarkozy invited
Gaddafi to Paris for a lavish state
visit at the time Gaddafi had been eager
to shake off his image as a political
pariah and re-enter the world stage then
in 2013 a French Lebanese businessman
said it carried millions of dollars from
Tripoli to Paris for Sarkozy's campaign
these are the facts yes yes
Gaddafi paid Sarkozy he paid for the
campaign he paid for other things it's
not my problem
Takia Dean's accusations helped end
Sarkozy third presidential bid
Kennedy niente some soldiers public what
a disgrace
are you not ashamed to be giving
publicity to a man who's been in prison
he's been convicted numerous times of
slander who is a liar Sarkozy is under
formal investigation in to our the
corruption cases but so far police
haven't established a direct link
between the former president and any
illegal Libyan money foreign campaign
funding is
banned in France Nicolas Sarkozy is
always denied receiving any illegal
funding from Libya and over the years he
has accused his opponents or the
political smear campaign now that he has
retired from politics it'll be harder
for him to use that line of defense
convincingly Natasha Butler al Jazeera
non tere Paris
