it's been called China's annual
political theater the National People's
Congress and this year it produced a big
changes and a number of firsts but the
changes were heavily directed and
controlled by the Chinese Communist
Party term limits on the presidency were
lifted leading the way for President Xi
Jinping
to continue as leader indefinitely he's
also the head of the party for the first
time leaders swore an oath of loyalty to
country and constitution when they took
up their positions another first
president she addressed the delegates at
the closing ceremony firing his
strongest warning yet to Taiwan seen by
Beijing as a separatist province Chinese
people and China share one faith every
inch of land of our great country cannot
and will not be taken from us we are
firm in the resolve to uphold China's
sovereignty and territorial integrity
the government is getting its biggest
overhaul in years restructuring of
ministries and departments including the
creation of a super anti-corruption
agency with expanded authority with
President Xi's moved to further
consolidate his in the party's power
some feel that he is the most powerful
Chinese president in decades but that
position comes with risks by
centralizing power to himself on there a
lot of potential reforms he can push
forward then the risk is whether he can
make the right decision forever because
at some point people will only tell him
what he wants to hear some media
covering the Congress are known for the
cinco Fant ik questions the journalists
here in blue reacting to another report
is less than thro being questioned it
immediately went viral in China
prompting quick reaction from sensors
also controlled the annual
invitation-only news conference held by
Premier Li Keqiang questions were
pre-screened he touched on trade
friction with the US surely I think a
trade war won't do anyone any good using
the word war to describe trade is
against the principle we hope both
parties use their sensibilities to avoid
the trade war
with China's challenges outlined on
closing day one message was clear
present she was the person to lead the
nation through them or a state media put
it he's the helmsman the last leader to
get that title was mao zedong scott
hilar al jazeera Beijing
