you're the night I sat at work enough
around in no man's land there's a danger
of turning into different groups of our
women so my family choose to bring me at
the hospital
okay hey yeah yeah what else what else
I'm sure he lost was fantastic man yes
magic I'm dinner Maria hey zippy my name
dr. Herman
Alan our Magnum dr. Harvey the month of
healthy situation in Somalia is very
very very very serious every day three
or four new kids admitted from a parent
brought me here because of they'd show
me they show me that I was talking to
myself I told them every every person
they talk to themselves in their heart
but some of them they speak certainty
but according to me Tom was speaking us
locally that's why the map and brought
him here
those were talking to them surface they
take drugs or tablet ease
I need to appreciate an Indian man mr.
Suraj
I requested to Allah mr. cilenti
obtaining good Mottola physical health
social health and please kiss-kiss
Kelly will tell you frankly Sergio
Franchi who on auntie look at the better
well it'll make up a lot of the landmark
sujini
I don't worry about to corral it
that's your Ramona I feel a Sharon and
Carly where I wanted to show cognition
no matter chemical out final de or on
krista korre on a person Iran cannot
fear not never have any Loma Linda would
be F Kennedy say Karen Osama game while
wash intelligent Bach arrested him do
Jenny no able to move his hand not able
to move is like seven years Jenny that
young people enjoy middle Sevilla now he
said normal girls after tilted after
this yes
hello TJ McCready lava master seven days
Rufus for my William butovo TV chatter
tapping monitor duty takeoff Italy what
opportunities are occupied
a marble sponges Romero saw a man was
dead Deena Pasha Hospital upon today dr.
Luis Carmen Angie say I'm gonna start a
marma more about the chill ona morality
Selena product clear up - - correct
guide you on extruded acoustic I could
have a new poster chillin on the market
initiative are luminous Volkl Gotama
mahogany what you look at harmonic
romantic elegant doc I'll Jericho
Mariana diagram Romano's chick is
charging up help I project it went up I
do - you didn't need a hospital positive
I shoulda known article on time of the
yarmulke mark about it with me nigga
Tabasco
Tommy shiitake nomogram on come with a
name
I'm gonna stroke up that much money
anything I don't want to see you I keep
with the same care once the sitter come
on to look at either but I sneaky
American Walter look I kinda wanna grow
klt Maria was wallet goodbye to the
collectibility fertility confidently dan
Marci ahmadiyya jama that started to
disrespect her up at the dome area area
hagen forest area java an idea american
a DB hospital data
Pontus kilometers a kilometer
but I'll take the level do that somebody
was gonna say pastor Tammy curry
I was gonna give them that tell me more
about that's a boss a repetition correct
the Shinigami really behind it of much
Heidi by now
- Leah - Marcus - hey so well thank you
cannot even see there and I'm a holodeck
404 Patterson yeah Petula telepath
seduce many Taylor boss Rosco
spirit did move you haven't seed went
according she cannot utilitarian I
represent a configure every October if
you like a tank with a luggage
do we have online classes I get the
cheap the agony I said we will no rhythm
move the body I see a man who's a
mechanic ask about tell us that is for
dica your rhetoric is a good stir sauna
jewelry with Carol how I judge Harper
could this a bucolic and Illumina that's
it I'm tired I guess first recorded a
nearby tomatillo 8800 Wichita hospital
is a
I wanted a melon boat ambulance Dada
Cory moon hawk and whatever do pasta
does him only ContiTech don't present a
job I give it a nice a portico dear dr.
Thackery South Korea what he wanted he
will stab you with poison and I can
optimal t a thermostatic a sparrow Ko Ko
Olina
Robbie Turner doctor gonna see to manage
chronic illness electrical react
literary I'm a tutti Silica's curiosity
I'm Arbogast remastered a mature
intelligent member see ask you the
person I see is a hospital a double
deacon I'm a doctor Amarok terminals B -
B - C I manage a column hologram is
Ursula Taggart a girl who loved Shrek
under Molina - mom says she body goes up
to the bottom
laughs I see
hello hi balloon
Lucy ha-ah
attention Tigger's the tears negative
already what's happening
oh yeah her nest is a question I get
even American
I couldn't even imagine that I will be
working abroad
I came from the Philippines it is a
situation that you need the domestic
work or prostitution and some other
woman Widow it's a very difficult
situation but you have to choose between
a life that will give your children
chance to survive and maybe we'll have a
better future you don't have that much
clearer picture it's only a dream a
beautiful dream
justice for domestic workers is a
self-help group or migrant domestic
workers campaigning for our rights in
the UK we are trying to cope up with
everything we still work in campaign and
lobby for policy to change
Aliza guys we were trying to make it
faster for you who are already low
working long hours you don't have time
to really review especially the life in
the UK if you lost your employer you
need to find employer as soon as
possible okay many are losing their job
today
I'll be sorry the gap okay seeing my
fellow domestic workers I started to
help them and I did feel that they
needed someone that could understand
that it could fill them I didn't know
that there are many of them who couldn't
read who couldn't write sometimes those
hoping by the beaten and
we need to be very careful in fighting
the employer if you want to live come
down okay if we can settle the employer
peacefully we will settle the employer
this way so they don't do anything
against you
because you know the UKB always believe
the employers they don't really believe
you
she's not receiving I'm on holiday and I
could see the employer produced
documents aah is self-employed water and
actually under the domestic worker his
domestic workers couldn't be
self-employed but of course we are more
all selling this peacefully if we can
because with one heart I will search up
below and heartless besides metals which
is very much dependent on employers
support under the old system the
domestic workers and private household
have right to change employer if the
domestic workers were being abused
there was escape route available in the
new system they don't have the right to
change employer the consequences of
ability to change the place you tie the
domestic workers and one employer and
does slavery
I'm going to be
domestic workers so just ran away she's
calling me a trolley Hey Lita I'm
already in the bus okay so just stay
where you are
once they decided
we do offer some shelter so it's a busy
day but this is something I gender I
have to do first so emergency rescue
operation which exactly yeah okay
you have no other things
no you're my passport with me your
passport is with you this morning I pick
her up and then I haven't told her
anything after because I feel so sad of
telling her the current situation before
2012 you can change employer okay and if
you run out your visa as long as you
have employer to renew your visa you can
renew your visa here and they okay
that's all gun now you say you're so sad
yeah very scared learn and don't expect
me I'm going please
don't worry that's nothing that's
nothing much we can do okay it's okay
it's okay it's okay
so I don't want to tell you when I just
first see you because I see so you have
so much hope many here I like you
meaning you're not alone okay we will
help you okay we were happy we are here
don't worry we are campaigning for all
of you okay but we also need you to help
us okay please all right we can win this
and that is the only hope
if I had to to meet the
the face the face
is to show the
she has also suffered the
I'm very much looking forward
the disappointing thing was there's
nothing up today in the bill for the
domestic worker seekers when they say
about prevention and protection they
actually removed of the best prevention
of protection of the domestic workers
which is the domestic worker visa the
overseas domestic worker visa after then
imagine my life to be
now back to reality for my real
cooking
and
some work for justice
you
