hi I'm grace mihari fashion model and
founder of nonprofit projects hi and
you're in the stream I am for me okay
today we discuss why Macedonians
are at odds over a proposed name change
for the country a move that could lead
to EU membership so what's in a name I'm
Malika belong to us your thoughts or
leave them in our live YouTube chat and
you too could be in the stream
Macedonia's future remains uncertain and
that's after referendum to rename the
country failed voters overwhelmingly
voted on Sunday in favor of changing the
name to North Macedonia in fact more
than 90 percent of voters supported the
change but only 37 percent of the
electorate voted a number well below the
50% needed to make the outcome valid
this she now moves parliament where the
Prime Minister has vowed to push ahead
now if the name change goes through
Greece's agreed to end its veto
Macedonia's membership to the EU and
NATO I know the opposition knows all the
citizens know there is and there can be
no better agreement with Greece there is
and there can be no alternative to
Macedonia's membership of NATO and EU
let's not play games with our unity and
our Macedonia so how much does it matter
what you call your country in our studio
to discuss this we have very loud Cheska
she's the founder and director of joint
Macedonian NGOs representative office to
the United Nations in Skopje Macedonia a
boy and muriatic he's the special
advisor of the Prime Minister for
euro-atlantic integration and in Athens
Greece we had Palace Palazzo dis he's a
political analysts and journalists so
good to have you here everybody I'm
gonna start with a little bit of
geography and not too much history so
I'm going to show you the area around
Greece the Republic of Macedonia we're
gonna go in a little bit closer I will
show you the Republic of Macedonia and a
little
line that will show you the region of
Macedonia now you're prepared let me
show you the map have a look so here we
go going into the region that white
block you see there Republic of
Macedonia country that exists right now
and that little dotted line is the
region of Macedonia and you can see how
many countries the region of Macedonia
covers hence an issue so if you'll call
yourself through a public of Macedonia
but you're in an area that is known as
Macedonia as a region and in his one
country in particular that says hey
Macedonia belongs to us that could be
problematic it is problematic right
Mallika right so I will share an
abridged history lesson in about 40
words this is Daniel o who tweets in the
naming dispute began when Macedonia
declared independence from Yugoslavia in
1991 and chose Republic of Macedonia as
its official name Greece immediately
opposed the usage of the term Macedonia
citing an exclusive historic claim to
Macedonian heritage and iridescent fears
which brings us to today Veera what does
the name Macedonia mean to you thank you
first of all for having me on this show
Mallika the name means a lot to everyone
I've just told you your name you've told
me my name it is an issue of identity
first of all and I just like to point
out that this name issue is far more
than just a name issue it concerns the
identity of an entire people who are
worldwide 15 million it concerns their
history and their language these are
cultural rights and these rights have a
status in the world in international law
and in human rights as something most
important and the right to
self-determination gives the people the
right to choose who they are and to
choose their own political development
as well as their cultural development
the right to self-determination is a
right above all rights in international
law
and no one and no government has the
right to waive that right for that
people so when we're talking about the
name it's a very if we if we take only
the name we're putting aside the
referendum and what has happened and so
far I've I'm actually I've done my PhD
on this issue and my PhD thesis was
called the importance of being
Macedonian the origins and consequences
of the name issue between Greece and
Macedonia and one thing that is very
important to have in mind is that the
name issue is far than just it's more
than it's more than what you call
yourself and that's what we were asking
Paul yang what did you want to say go
ahead I would say that we are together
with Veera again Macedonians after this
agreement has been signed so this
agreement does not intend to erase
anyone's identity to the contrary boy
under one step back this Agreement tell
us about the agreement yeah well the
agreement comes after 27 years of
dispute between Greece and Macedonia
over the name as you already mentioned
the name started the name is she started
in 1991 when declared when we declared
independence and when we applied for
membership to the United Nations the
United Nations put a condition to accept
us in membership and that condition was
to open negotiations over the name issue
and those negotiations lasted without
any result without any tangible result
for 27 years and that name dispute
directly affected the membership of our
country to the most powerful and most
important alliances NATO and European
Union which our strategic goals go of
our governments all of the governments
and which is a strategic goal of our
people 75% of the Macedonian citizens
would like to see our country in UN NATO
all right so panels Mira says this is
more than about
name but for Greece if the Republic of
Macedonia was called something
completely different if it didn't have
Macedonia in the title would there be
any objections from Greeks for that
country being allowed to be part of the
EU would so it is about the name then I
totally agree with veer a name is all
about identity the problem here is that
we have incompatible perceptions of
identity we have incompatible national
narratives Macedonians have many
Macedonians have come to believe that
there have been they have been in the
area since the beginning of time which
is not the case we've even had some
excesses particularly under the
nationalist government of mr. Nikola
Gruevski and I understand Vieira has has
served in his office they we had
Alexander the Great being used as a
national symbol in Macedonia which is
frankly it's all nonsense because Slavs
arrived in the area about a thousand
years after Alexander the Great was what
is that got to do with today at a
particular country trying to get into
the EU I want to bring in a comment from
a guess that Aldo was talking to a
little while ago trying to explain what
it means when a country takes a specific
name the Republic of Macedonia have a
listen to what was said when these
Macedonians travel abroad are they
really going to introduce themselves
saying I'm a Macedonian of Slavic
background and my language is Slavic and
I really have nothing to do with
Alexander the Great these things are
difficult to guarantee why didn't they
pick another name like America for
example all right which is why we're
here
Pano's go ahead why didn't they freakin
number now
there I noticed now I was talking about
conflicting national narratives this is
the outside this is the other national
narrative Greeks have not reconciled
themselves to the idea that the
geographic region of Macedonia you just
showed them up only a few minutes ago
and it was very very revealing so they
have not come to terms with the idea
that this huge geographic region until
only I don't know a hundred years ago
was an ethnic mosaic
even the part of Macedonia which is now
part of Greece was an ethnic music
accomplished ethnic Greeks followed even
a majority so excuse me I excuse me yes
come on I think I think this is really
important with what you're saying the
agreement that we are now caving on the
table tries to make a compromise between
the two national narratives so
practically the Greek narrative needs to
face the reality that there is a country
on the north and that they are
Macedonians that call themselves
Macedonians and they're up to the point
Republic of Macedonia would need to face
the reality that there is a wider region
and there are other people that feel
Macedonian as a result of their regional
identity and that they connect their
identity with Alexander the Great
so this is a great asana same thing if
you ask me I do really believe that this
is a a genuine and honest compromise
what was agreed between the Macedonian
Prime Minister's eye from the Greek
Prime Minister tsipras I think it is a
genuine compromise however an agreement
in order to be useful needs to be
practical as well and if you have the
majority of Macedonians and the majority
of Greeks rejecting the agreement it
doesn't really matter what I think does
it all right I like what you said that
actually there gentlemen both of you
that issue I want to bring in this in
beer I know you've been trying to jump
in into that conversation there but I
want to bring in two of our community
members first so this is James
is interested in this topic and yet
seems to think that this dispute as he
calls it is stupid
he says Greece's position that the name
somehow cast aspersions or aspirations
on Greek territory is a strange position
to take but Greece holds their keys to
EU membership so this act of appeasement
is relatively minor and can help
Macedonia to join the EU and the
appeasement he means is this referendum
on the other hand though Daniel oh here
sweets and the recent referendum in
Macedonia that we just saw this weekend
however demonstrated a refusal on the
side of Macedonian voters to endorse a
name change the low turnout delivered a
blow to the Prime Minister's government
and to the process of ending the
long-standing dispute with Greece I know
I already kind of know your position on
this I wanted to hear what birra thinks
because there seems to be disagreement
on what these numbers actually mean the
numbers have turned out the numbers of
those who then voted in favor who did
turn out to vote what's your take on
that just to backtrack well I will
answer that right now so the
overwhelming majority of the Macedonian
population eligible to vote boycotted
this referendum because first of all
let's make it clear this was not this
boycott there their boycott was not
about the NATO membership or EU
membership this boycott was to say we do
not accept that someone denies our name
identity language and history and this
is what the agreement does and I will
get to the agreement in a second the
agreements first of all establish the
wrong let me just finish I'm sorry I
didn't interrupt you the agreement
establishes a commission which will look
into the history books of the schools in
Macedonia and will revise them this is
what Hitler did to the Jews I'm really
sorry but I want to just explain
something boy and slow down a second all
right I do not understand what you're
saying
so start very simply okay where we let
me me hurty books into the referendum
Tami Hollister so the agreement in this
article seven or eight I believe it's
eight it establishes a commission which
would look into the history of the
two countries and which would have the
competence to revise the history and the
textbooks and other auxiliary materials
such as maps within the country so they
that this might possibly happen oh this
will happen because this commission has
already been established and it has the
right I'm sorry it's the same thing so
let me quote to you Lemkin Raphael
Lemkin who coined the word genocide and
who drafted the first Genocide
Convention in 1948 had an entire part
dedicated to cultural genocide within it
Lemkin talked about what is cultural
genocide it's a plan it's a plan that
would like to to to erase the cultural
feelings and language of a country this
is exactly what the agreement aims to do
there is no place for a history and
language and an identity in a bilateral
agreement between two countries this is
cultural genocide and I invite I I hate
I hate where you're going that this this
is a very severe suggestion that this is
going to happen Boyan is a special
advisor to the current administration
boy Anna go ahead I think first of all
it's not true that majority of the
people rejected the agreement you know
if we had we don't hear we don't miss
votes in favor of the agreement we miss
votes against the agreement these
numbers of 610 people in favor of the
agreement are enough more thing I just I
just want to make sure we get facts very
clear here the turnout was 36% even get
36% of the turnout of Macedonians
for the Republic of Muslims in total
cared enough to actually go out and vote
yeah because the biggest party boycotted
for one particular reason the biggest
opposition party boycotted this
referendum because they knew they're
going to lose if they go out and vote
otherwise they would certainly go out
and vote
win the referendum but they didn't so so
boy and I'm not sure we're going in
circles cuz cuz we know we know how many
people voted they were voting on this do
you support EU and NATO membership by
accepting the deal between Macedonia and
Greece very clear very simple most of
people who turned out said yes we do
support it but not enough people turned
out you had to hit 50% no along medical
waiting where do you want to go next so
I hear what everyone is saying online of
though there is still a push to figure
out whether or not this is worth the
NATO and EU membership so this is young
Stoltenberg the NATO chief who says I
welcome the yes vote in this referendum
I urge all political leaders and parties
to engage constructively and responsibly
to seize this historic opportunity
NATO's doors open but all national
procedures have to be completed he
though got a response from someone
online who's a bit skeptical Boris says
are you serious the Macedonia referendum
is invalid as less than 50 percent voted
you're talking about respecting all
national procedures how about you
respect that the referendum is not a
historic opportunity but a massive
failure Soghoian I actually wanted to go
back to you with this because keeping in
mind your position that there was a
majority of the people who did vote want
this there's still many people in your
country who don't and of course the
Prime Minister has to represent all of
them how will your party and your
government go about making sure that you
have these people on board well first of
all our next step is to talk and discuss
with all the MPs in the Parliament
individually and to try in the upcoming
days to reach the 2/3 majority vote
because they all know that 600,000
people six hundred ten hundred thousand
people are quite enough to vote a full
absolute majority in the parliament so
it's very big number although we don't
have the the threshold for example I
will illustrate that election
many of those are Albanian ethnic
albanians if they're not in about four
zones I've ever so well yeah there is a
possibility there is a possibility for a
white coalition of all the parties for a
year and NATO coalition for EU and NATO
all the parties who support this
agreement so and I should say zones
Ioffe is the Prime Minister of the
Republic of Macedonia vera yeah just on
that note that
Boyan mentioned the the the opposition
parties there is rumor that they will
there you know that that they're
stalling now so in order to convince
with various means including using the
carrot and the stick these political
party members of Parliament's which
would vote for the agreement now I want
to backtrack a little bit and respond to
what panis was saying regarding the
history I'd like to clarify for the
population here the international
population that there are two schools of
thought on the ancient Macedonian Empire
one school of thought is led by Richard
Hammond who is in very I'm just going to
ask you why is this relevant to where we
go after a referendum that didn't reach
fifty percent for Macedonia to change
its name tell me in a sentence why it's
relevant it is relevant because I want
to bring up why them why it is such a
touchy issue this identity for the
Macedonians because it happens to be
part of also a history that happened a
hundred years ago or so when in let me
just clarify it that is we do we have so
much time we do and we've had it right
so you tell me why in a sentence why
this is so dear to you why you're so
passionate about but in a centers
because I can't come to history class
with you right
Eugene Borgia who was the other school
of thought who says the Macedonians were
never Greeks he he says one thing that
is very important that it's very
important is that the language no one
ever knew no one Sapphira finish her
sentence and never move on no one knew
the language and we still do not know to
this day the language that Alexander the
Great of the Macedonian Empire spoke to
his general
exactly and maybe that language is only
in language all right I guess this is
the one thing that note that has not
been researched yet and I think this is
why Greece is so bent on changing
history and making Macedonians accept
something that is beneath their dignity
and that is a complete oh yeah and I'm
not calling your names just for fun I'm
calling your names for a pause if you
were watching the show at the beginning
just seeing you hey it's just about a
name change now you can hear why there
is so much debate and about the history
behind it really you didn't make your
point but people can go and research and
find out for themselves a little bit
more after this program because we only
have so much time
Milica I will go to this sweet max from
Thomas who says Macedonian nationalists
seem to fool themselves if they think
that by saying no long enough they'll be
able to get a better deal rejecting this
deal will only be beneficial to the
Greek nationalists who as part of the EU
and NATO clearly have the upper hand so
I I think I know what Vieira thinks
about this I actually want to give this
to you panels because this person brings
up Greek nationalists who will use this
to their advantage i I think he's got it
absolutely right there is a nationalist
wing in this country it's quite strong
the current government has got great
difficulties trying to sell the
agreement to the public as indeed had
the Macedonian government equal
difficulties trying to sell the
agreement to its own public and that
shows that it's more or less a genuine
compromise so yes of course there are
national myths on both sides and as is
always the case in all the international
disputes the to the extremes on both
sides just feed each other the
extremists in Macedonia feed the
extremists in Greece and vice versa and
I can name a number of other
international disputes and much more
serious ones where this is the case now
I'm pretty sure what Veera has been
saying the last few minutes has gained
Greek nationalists quite a few points if
they're watching us let me just play a
couple of
it's following the referendum that just
happened about the idea of accepting the
name change in order to join the EU this
is what people on the street were saying
a little slice of what they were saying
have a look the referendum was held and
people express their opinion I think
more than 650,000 citizens who said what
they think about joining NATO and the
European Union is enough the campaign
that was promoting the yes vote put an
emphasis on European values and the
European Way of life but if we look at
the time since Prime Minister Ze'ev took
power the people who promoted this are
not true representatives of those values
panels you could say this whole
situation has come about because Greek
Greece didn't like the way that the
Republic of Macedonia decided to call
its name so on the streets in Greece
what is the temperature that you're
feeling in terms of the results of this
referendum how Greeks thinking I think
it's more relief than anything else
because I think a majority rightly or
wrongly a majority of Greeks were
against the agreement because they feel
it infringes of their own heritage I
don't believe that the agreement does
infringe it's the Greek heritage but I
do think that there have been periods in
recent macedonian history particularly
between 2006 and 2016 that some quite
ridiculous attempts were made to
infringe greek heritage like trying to
claim the whole of macedonian heritage
for the current state that is known as
macedonia and also hinting at some
territorial claims as well I'm really
sorry but if the Greeks really wanted to
be Macedonians then why didn't they call
themselves as such three thousand years
ago and today and why was the region
Macedonia why was the word Macedonia
taboo and denied for a hundred years the
region Macedonia as you saw it in the
map previously has been the recognized
as such and the Macedonian people have
having this conversation boy and male
chicks and panels Polaroid Asst we're
talking about the referendum to rename
the Republic of Macedonian it failed it
didn't happen and this is the
conversation that's resulted from that
certainly the one we're having on the
stream
Milica mm-hmm endure here from daniela
who says though unlikely to succeed it
remains to be seen if the Prime Minister
will secure the necessary majority in
parliament and ratify this agreement and
if he fails Macedonia will halt
parliamentary elections yes thank you
very much for joining us we will always
be online you can find us at a de stream
on Twitter take care
