tucked away in South London a football
club that has served its community for
125 years it was bought by American
property investors named meadow but when
the local council didn't agree to their
plans the company suddenly kicked the
club out of its home and even stated
their attention to remove permission for
Dulwich Hamlet to use their own name
this should be matchday four Dulwich
Hamlet Football Club with hundreds of
people in the community pouring into the
ground to watch their team play instead
the ground is locked and new fencing has
been erected to keep them out being used
as leverage like this has been a shock
to fans of what is a friendly and
socially conscious club with a track
record for staging games for charity
most notably refugees on a bitterly cold
day hundreds of them gathered to stage a
protest
the matter is serious enough to have
been raised in the UK Parliament this is
an inclusive Club which prioritizes and
- racism which prioritizes LGBT rights
which comprises women in football and
you see that on a Saturday afternoon at
the game homeless fighting for their
existence but not alone rivals Tooting a
mitchum over 12 kilometres away quickly
offered to share their ground and so
matchday against Worthing happens a day
late dollies are refusing to let this
affect them on the pitch they win the
match three nil to reach the top of
their division with promotion to level
six of English football within their
reach fans missed their home comforts
but this is about survival and pride
it's been such a manic couple of weeks
and just the whole like turnout today is
such a testament to the power behind the
club and just all their ethics behind it
for sure
meadow can
win on this you know I think they should
just take the money whatever money is on
the table and leave Southwark council
says it will try to buy the ground for
meadow and save the club and have
entered into talks with them meadow
would not answer al-jazeera's request
for an interview and to answer a simple
question if their intentions are
honorable
then why aggressively threatened to
remove our clubs 125 year old name the
English Football Association is yet to
intervene and maybe powerless - but they
told me they're monitoring developments
the question beyond this corner of
London is who owns your club and what do
they intend to do with it this club will
not be frozen out lee Wellings al
Jazeera South London
