Zimbabwean face strict cash withdrawal
limits from banks in an effort to end
crippling foreign currency shortages
Emma Simon and gag WA announced a
three-month amnesty for the return of
funds illegally stashed abroad when he
was sworn in last year the president
says so far 591 a million dollars has
been returned so if the money has come
back it's not in the banks we are being
given a few coins if you're lucky when
you go through the bank and hundreds of
millions made a big difference to the
liquidity within the whole consumer
market the money is from export earnings
payment of imports that never made it
into the country and funds stashed in
foreign banks but 591 million dollars is
still less than half of the 1.4 billion
dollars when an gaagaa expected almost
2,000 individuals and companies who
allegedly illegally fast funds overseas
were named the majority are in mining
and agriculture the amounts vary from
thousands to millions of dollars several
Chinese companies and Nationals have
also been named Managua says people who
broke the country's exchange control
laws will be prosecuted but some
Zimbabweans doubt many senior government
officials will be investigated there are
other individuals that are there that
are hundreds of big political lives in
so the list is useful for showing those
indicators that something is not right
in the state of Rome and in that those
regulators must actually up their game
because a lot is happening when an gog
was a biggest challenge is fixing
Zimbabwe's economy ruined by decades of
corruption and mismanagement and a
Robert Mugabe's rule his government says
it's changed the empowerment law to
limit majority ownership by state
entities to only diamond and platinum
mines not the entire mining sector that
could boost investors confidence create
jobs and bring more money into the
country
harue Matassa al Jazeera Harari
