for 30 minutes on Sunday the US news
program 60 minutes profiled the Saudi
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
he's meeting this week with President
Donald Trump and with financial
officials in New York for Americans who
don't pay much attention to foreign
affairs the impression of the 32 year
old man slated to be King one day may
well be a positive one he's trying to
turn Saudi Arabia's oil based economy
into one that's more diversified he
favors religious and social reforms and
he wants women to have more rights I
mean we have extremists who forbid
mixing between the two sexes and are
unable to differentiate between a man
and a woman alone together and they're
being together in a workplace many of
those ideas contradict the way of life
during the time of the Prophet and the
caliphs the presenter asked MBS about
Saudi Arabia's poor human rights record
and about his country's air war against
Houthis in Yemen a war that has caused a
humanitarian crisis but NBS was most
forthcoming about the existential threat
he sees from Iran's Ayatollah Ali
Khamenei he wants to create his own
project in the Middle East very much
like Hitler who wanted to expand at the
time many countries around the world and
in Europe did not realize how dangerous
Hitler was until what happened happened
I don't want to see the same events
happening in the Middle East not
mentioned during the segment the
saudi-led economic and political
blockade against guitar now in its tenth
month the possibility of diplomatic
relations with Israel or the war in
Syria analysts say the interview is
revealing in one significant way I think
that his instinct to blame everything on
Iran from domestic problems in Saudi
Arabia to the region was quite striking
and to rewrite history that somehow the
problems in Saudi Arabia only started in
1979 erases the fact that that his
relative King Faisal was assassinated in
1975 for bringing television to the
kingdom and allowing girls to school go
to school this is not a problem that
started with Iran this is a problem
inside Saudi Arabia inside the ruling
family
in Saudi Arabia that Mohammed bin Salman
is really trying to erase and it comes
out pretty clear in this interview the
Crown Prince wants Saudi Arabia to be
the most powerful country in the Middle
East and he wants to make sure the US is
in his country's corner all the more
reason then to make an appeal to the
court of US public opinion Rasul and
Jordan al-jazeera Washington
