after weeks of leaks about the murder of
Jamal khashoggi Turkish president red
chip type odo an addressed his ruling
party to announce officially what
Turkish investigators know so far
everyone said that it was planned days
in advance and included reconnaissance
missions by Saudi officials to the
forests around Istanbul we have strong
evidence that this was a premeditated
murder in the light of information we
have everybody has questions here are
the questions these 15 people why did
they come to Istanbul on the day of the
murder
who ordered them to come to Turkey we
need an answer before we speech Joann
had promised to reveal what he called
the naked truth over the killing of
kosher G his address made it clear there
are still many unanswered questions and
the Turks are demanding answers from
Saudi Arabia where is the body of Jamaa
Hachioji nobody knows where the body is
it is alleged that the body was given to
a local cooperator so who is the local
cooperator we need to know who that is
jo-ann who's spoken to King Salman about
- Shah jees murder
says he doesn't doubt the credibility of
the King he didn't refer to Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman but did say that
everyone involved in the killing from
top to bottom must be held accountable
to that end o Diwan is demanding a full
independent investigation and that the
trial of the accused be held in Turkey
Jamarcus Jenin why so far the evidence
we have shows Jamaa hachioji was
murdered brutally such brutality cannot
be covered up in any way it would hurt
humankind's conscience we would like
Saudi authorities to show the same
sensitivity to this murder everyone's
party has described Koosh orgies killing
as a monstrous operation it's clear the
president is determined to keep up the
pressure on Saudi Arabia to reveal the
whole truth about what happened in
Istanbul three weeks ago
Victoria Gaytan be al Jazeera
