Cape Town's water is running out this
has become a common sight city
authorities say people should use no
more than 50 litres of tap water per
person per day so some line up at this
communal spring to collect some extra
and take it home everything's dying we
just did not wash our cars so it's just
a pressure
it's a horrible pressure that I don't
think a country like South Africa should
have to endure but it's a kind of
endurance that many South Africans are
familiar with about a third of the
city's residents living informal
settlements like this one
they only consume about 4% of the water
but for generations they've already been
collecting it from communal taps and
carrying it home authorities say the
city will reach day 0 on the 9th of July
that's when they'll turn off the water
in the homes that have it only the
communal taps will stay on angela van
Wyk lives right next to one but since
she heard about the shortage she saves
as much as she can I saved my water by
keeping the same all days I do wash my
dishes I don't throw the water away I
just keep it for tomorrow
and I use the same water there is also a
flat the city's taps are fed by
reservoirs this is one of the largest
gazelles Gallup where four years ago
they would have been under 25 meters of
water since then the provinces suffered
the worst drought on record
Kevin winters researched it for years he
says the city was vulnerable because it
relied only on rain filled reservoirs
this climate change wake-up call there's
caught us all on the backward and so
this is a wake-up call in a city like
Cape Town needs these kind of loud
thumping wake-up calls to say it's time
to actually diversify that water and now
you've got to reprioritize and which is
what the city of Cape Town is do
waters now being pumped from aquifers
here works began on a plant to
desalinate seawater but accessing new
sources takes time so for now more lines
water saving measures have already
postponed a zero by three months
everyone here's hoping the winter will
soon bring enough rainfall to make sure
days zero never comes
Malcolm web al Jazeera Cape Town South
Africa
