unlike many laboratories at Virginia's
state laboratory the hope is that
nothing novel is discovered for example
in its collection of frozen samples of
mosquitoes or its countless test tubes
of potential flu virus is this the one
that actually is currently sweeping the
nation
the analysis conducted here and in state
labs around the u.s. is submitted to the
National Centers for Disease Control or
CDC where deliberations can be made
about the health of the nation and
disease prevention the laboratory
performs laboratory testing to support
the identification of infectious
diseases that are of Public Health
significance but we also can identify
chemicals and other toxins that could
potentially cause harm in the
environment to our food supply and to
the animal communities but this lab is
already cutting back its testing and
hiring due to a proposed 12% funding cut
for the CDC and that means reduced
surveillance and reduced reaction times
to an outbreak if you cut the funding
for those people who are doing this work
it won't get done if we have more than
one outbreak at a time if we had a
foodborne disease outbreak at the same
time we were trying to manage the Zika
response we would have been in big
trouble
because what you find is that the people
who would respond to Zika are the same
people who would be called upon to
respond to a foodborne disease this is
the lab where they test for Ebola but
following West Africa's a bola outbreak
Congress awarded 600 million dollars to
the CDC to ensure such infectious
diseases were kept out of the US labs in
Africa Asia and Latin America were
upgraded $1,400 dressed swert reined
outbreak response times have been
reduced from weeks to hours but due to
budget fears the CDC says it's already
planning to scrap its operation in 39
countries leaving just ten the fear of
an international pandemic may yet make
Congress renew global funding when the
money runs out but a patent has been
established while the u.s. new cycle
consumed by President Trump's tweets and
speculation about Russia regulations and
funding that affect not just the
well-being and security of Americans but
the rest of the world are quietly being
swept away she a Burton C al Jazeera
Richmond Virginia
