children and desperate parents from a
disorganized queue at this medical
clinic in sauna lining up for a
potential life-saving vaccination
against diphtheria local health workers
are enforcing the World Health
Organization mass vaccination program to
counter the rapid spread of the disease
across the country they've inoculated
over two and a half million children
aged between six weeks and 15 years old
there's been a diphtheria outbreak in
Yemen since late last year and there are
now almost 1,300 cases of diphtheria
including more than 70 deaths most
governor√≠s most areas of Yemen have been
affected by this diphtheria outbreak
diphtheria is a serious bacterial
infection that affects the mucous
membranes of the throat and nose once
infected toxins are released and spread
through the bloodstream causing a thick
grey coating to the nose throat tongue
and blocks Airways 80% of the sufferers
are children and young adults under 25
years old diphtheria is common in many
developing countries where sanitation is
lacking these facilities here are basic
Yemen's health system has almost
collapsed after nearly three years of
war most workers have not been paid this
year barely fifty percent of all health
facilities are functioning there's also
a devastating cholera outbreak the
diphtheria outbreak and the cholera
outbreak are both symptoms of a failing
health system because people are not
vaccinated because they do not have
access to safe water because their
sanitation has been ruined by war
all of these are symptoms of a collapsed
Health System and this is in true due to
the war and this will only improve once
there is peace peace looks a long way
off
Yemen is engulfed in a war pitting the
government forces helped by saudi-led
coalition against Iranian backed Houthi
rebels as the conflict continues so does
the suffering of millions of Yemenis
trapped in a situation the UN has called
the world's largest humanitarian crisis
Hana hawkster al-jazeera
