anywhere else in the world they'd be
running for their lives but this is
Syria it's a slow procession the body
language of mental exhaustion and fear
they may not know what lies ahead of
them they've only been able to bring
what they can carry but they feel
there's no other option but to leave
Eastern guter the command of the Syrian
army urges all civilians to leave the
areas under control of the extremist
organizations through the safe corridors
we affirm that we will continue to
fulfill our national and constitutional
duty to defend the nation until the
return of security and stability
throughout the country there is no
United Nations operation here and you'd
be mistaken to expect a full ceasefire
not far away reports of airstrikes
killing more civilians one of several
districts Zamalka hit again on Friday
activists had reported incendiary
bombing which Russia had denied the head
of the main Syrian opposition group
criticized the UN for failure to protect
people we held the United Nations and
the Security Council directly
responsible for being silent around
these crimes and for failing to take
action to prevent these crimes but let
us not forget that the Syrian regime
holds direct responsibility for these
crimes along with the countries that
continue to stand by it air strikes are
known to often coincide with such
operations to evacuate civilians the
opposition say it's a deliberate ploy to
cause more terror and the Syrian
Observatory for Human Rights says at
least 30 civilians died as they
attempted to flee stand Goethe on
Saturday in a separate battle civilians
caught between the Kurdish YPG and the
Turkish backed Free Syrian Army fighting
in a friend had been leaving in larger
numbers and the Turkish military denied
attacking the city hospital killing 16
people on Friday it said these pictures
were taken on Saturday morning showing
the building unscathed but the Syrian
Observatory for Human Rights had shown
video of a damaged building it claims as
the hospital
as FSA fighters took control of a prison
and Turkish forces maneuvered the UN
warned it was deeply alarmed by reports
of civilian deaths and it was also
concerned about reports of Kurdish
fighters using civilians as human
shields
Andrew Simmons al-jazeera kilis on the
turkish-syrian border
