the national home of the Jewish people
that's what a controversial bill that's
being fast-tracked through Israel's
parliament wants to achieve that where
does that leave millions of Israeli
Palestinians what will beat the regional
fallout this is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan Israel's right wing
government is fast tracking a bill that
will define the country as a nation
state for the Jewish people it was first
introduced some years back but it faced
strong opposition if passed it will
promote Jewish communities that strictly
enforce rules that exclude the nearly
two million Israeli Palestinians with
the focus remaining on immigration by
Jews from abroad rather than protecting
the rights of Palestinian citizens the
bill could become what Israel considers
basic law similar to a constitution and
will be difficult to challenge in the
future of course this all comes at a
sensitive time in the region the u.s. is
expected to move its embassy from Tel
Aviv to Jerusalem in the coming weeks
and that's led to months of protests and
confrontations between Palestinians and
Israeli forces so we have a lot to cover
with our guest today let's get straight
on with it and bring them in from Gaza
we're joined by mikuma abou sada
political scientist at Gaza as a
university from Tel Aviv which went by
Yossi Beilin former Israeli minister of
justice and member of the Knesset for
the Labor Party and here in Doha nada
Hashemi who's director of the center for
Middle East Studies at the University of
Denver Yossi Beilin if we could start
with you so it's been watered down but
has been described as Zionism flagship
bill the law of all laws the most
important law in the history of the
State of Israel one Knesset member
called it is it no it's nonsense
it is very gnosis it is not a real law
it is a declaration which wants to
clarify that Israel is the homeland of
the Jewish people which is the case by
the way we don't need a special law for
saying it and it seems like trying to
imbalance the situation because you
don't have anything referring to a
future Palestinian state that should be
the homeland for the Palestinian people
so on the one hand it is irritating
our neighbors and on the other hand we
don't get anything for it but you've
coded childish Yossi why is that because
it is an attempt of the most rightist
government ever in Israel to
to its base that it is doing things
which which fit the agenda of the
extreme right so this is one of them and
another is the ability of dekhna order
of the Knesset to a fire members of
Knesset for the first time in our
history because of misbehavior or
whatever and there is an a law which
enables theoretically the regulation of
expropriating Palestinian land in the
West Bank and so on and so forth so they
can come before the next elections with
a long list of things which did not
which are not changing the situation on
the ground but they can say all these
things we did for the first time and it
is the law of the laws or whatever but
they know that there is thanks heaven a
Supreme Court in Israel and there is the
media and there is the parliament and
there is the Attorney General and it is
not so easy to change the situation even
in the case of capital punishment that
our defense minister is promoting today
but he knows that even if there is a
change in the law Israel will not use
capital punishment it did not do that in
the past and it will not do it in the in
the future but it can be a declaration
not a Hashmi here in Doha someone
described this as a dangerous turning
point I mean is it even with some of its
most contentious elements removed well
we have to wait to see but if this has
the status of constitutional law that
will bound the Israeli Supreme Court
forcing the supreme court to work within
the boundaries of this new law then
we're moving in the direction of the
institutionalization of an apartheid
system in Israel that confirms the worst
fears and suspicions that many people
have had with respect to where Israel is
headed and how it treats its Palestinian
population so I think this is a very
disturbing
if it simply as Yossi Beilin has stated
a declaration well governments can make
declarations if it has the status of law
then you know we're headed in a very
dangerous direction do you suspect as I
think Yoshi was alluding to there that
this has more to do with internal
Israeli politics than it does with the
law itself well I think it absolutely
does I mean we're seeing this across the
world where these right-wing governments
are trying to cater to their base by you
know moving in the direction of ethnic
chauvinism but I think also in the case
of Israel it's having an external goal
in mind as well it's trying to I think
what Netanyahu is trying to do here is
trying to block and subvert any
prospects of a peace a peace process
effectively telling the Palestinians
that if you want to engage in peace
negotiations a precondition will be
recognizing a State of Israel that
effectively is an apartheid state and
that will be a requirement for advancing
peace negotiations effectively meaning
that no Palestinian leader and good
standing could ever do that so I think
there's also an external impediment
external I think motivation here that is
very much geared to blocking and ending
any prospect of palestinian-israeli
peace withdrawal of Israel to its
international borders and and so I think
that's a big part of the picture that
needs to be discussed and analyzed all
right before I bring in more camera then
I just give Yossi a chance to to to
reply to that Yossi well I don't think
that it has to do with the world and
Nataniel doesn't need such a low even a
basic low in order not to promote the
peace process he's doing it quite
successfully for the last 20 or the
years without such a low it is far far
from apartheid I mean this is something
which is confirming the situation in
which according to the UN partition
resolution of 47 Israeli the Jewish
state this is a this is far from from B
so from saying that you have to deprive
the minorities if it is a nation-state
the only point here is that you don't
have the balance with the Palestinian
side we you don't mention the rights of
they is
the Arabs and this is a problem but I
don't think that this is the obstacle
towards peace with our neighbors and I
don't think that even at a miaow is
going to put something like this as a
precondition it says that without their
recognition of Israel as a Jewish state
there will be no peace but he never said
that without them saying it in advance
there would be no no negotiations become
a vada in Gaza what do you make of what
you've heard so far I mean even with
some of its most contentious elements
removed will this law establish an
apartheid state in in Israel is it a
dangerous turning point for the
Palestinians and for Israeli Arabs well
let me say the following with all due
respect to what was said by UC Balian
who everybody knows that he was the
architect of the so-called Oslo
agreement which was signed between the
PLO and Israel back in September of 1993
and the essence of the Oslo agreement
was supposed to lead to a two-state
solution a Palestinian state lives in
peace and security
next to the State of Israel but what we
have been seeing over the past few years
especially since Netanyahu came to power
lately in 2009 we have been seeing a
number of legislations by the Israeli
Knesset led by the Israeli right-wing
inside Israel who are trying to change
not only the character of Israel but
also trying to move swiftly toward even
and the annexation of the Palestinian
territories especially West Bank and
East Jerusalem now let me say that I
agree with with UC Belen that this is an
attempt by the Arai by the right-wing
government in Israel led by the liquid
party led by Netanyahu another party
called the Jewish party led by Naphtali
Bennett and another party called Israel
by tun who led by Avigdor Lieberman all
of these three parties are considered
right-wing parties in the Israeli
government who are interested in
changing the character of the State of
Israel making it the home of the Jewish
people but let me also remind mr. you
Balian that yes the partition plan of
1947 called for the establishment of two
state one Jewish state and another Arab
state state but it's been 70 years since
then and no Palestinian state has been
established no no Palestinian state has
has seen the Sun yet so it does of
course are a lot of friction with the
Palestinian people in general since they
have not been able to establish their
own independent state and second it is
definitely an encroachment against the
Palestinian Arabs who are a minority
inside Israel but they are 20% of the
State of Israel so by saying that Israel
is the nation-state of the Jewish people
what about the others the non-jews the
original people of the the land the
Palestinians who have been there and
their ancestors for hundreds of years
definitely in my opinion that is a
violation of their right and a violation
of their culture who have been living
there for as I mention hundreds of years
will come up what what to what extent do
you think that the White House's
decision to move the US Embassy to
Jerusalem is is playing into this does
it well what we have been seeing is that
there is a systematic measures by both
the right-wing government in Israel led
by Netanyahu and by the extremists in
the u.s. whether the US President Donald
Trump and the so-called Jewish lobby
lead by iPAQ and Zionist Christians the
evangelicals inside the US who are very
much interested in and have been pushing
for the recognizing Jerusalem as the
capital of the state of israel and
negating the right of the Palestinians
of their ends of their own state we
haven't seen any any
support for the creation of a
Palestinian state we haven't seen any
any support from the US for the
two-state solution and that is the
essence of the problem by moving the US
Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and
declaring Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel which will probably be we will
see it probably in the in May 15th which
is the 70th anniversary of Israel Yossi
Beilin moretz member of the Knesset
Michael Rosen said that this legislation
proves just how ultra-nationalist racist
and dangerous this government is I think
you were alluding to that a few moments
ago but to work extent is the Trump
administration having an impact upon
domestic Israeli politics at the moment
is it embolden in
the right that was was Trump's election
key to setting this this legislation in
motion after it had been sitting there
for a number of years going nowhere
well I I wouldn't say that it is de it
has it has a key effect oh he'll but you
know we say in Arabic Haq Ouma mana
meaning the government is with us and I
think that in Israel the current
government feels that their American
hakama the American government is with
them which makes it make makes it easier
to take rightist decisions and they the
Jewish home which is the most rightist a
party in the coalition is putting
pressure on Netanyahu all the time to
exploit the situation when Trump is the
president and David Friedman who is the
ambassador to Israel who is to the right
of the Israeli rightist government when
they are there he says why won't be do
real things like next thing the
territories or whatever for the time
being I'm glad to see that it doesn't
happen and I I don't believe that it
will happen but there is no question
that the American administration is an
eyeblink day Israeli right to demand
more and to hope for a real change which
has not happened so far okay
as we said at the beginning of the
program the passage of this bill through
the Knesset comes at a sensitive time
for not just Israel but the the region
as a whole we've been talking about the
the move of the US Embassy to Jerusalem
Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman has been in the u.s. recently was
asked there about the USS decision to
move its embassy to Jerusalem here's
part of what he told the American news
program 60 minutes then how would and we
try to focus on the efforts that promote
peace for all we do not try to focus on
anything that might create tension it is
my nature always to be positive but up
from any damage abuse so I try to focus
on the things that will support the
interests of the Palestinian people and
the interests of all not a hammy
in Doha we talked about how the Trump
administration may be playing into
Israeli politics at the moment embolden
income aspects on the right but where
does Saudi Arabia's shifting stance on
Israel play into this well I think we
are seeing a formalization of a policy
in Saudi Arabia that was long recognized
but hidden now it's coming out into the
open where Saudi Arabia now is
effectively allied in terms of its
regional view of the Middle East with
the State of Israel and with the Trump
administration and so it no longer
really cares about Palestinian
self-determination and Palestinian
rights it's fundamentally concerned
about consolidating power within Saudi
Arabia I think that's very much the
agenda of Mohammed bin Sultan the Crown
Prince of Saudi Arabia challenging
Iran's position in the region and so the
Palestinians actually are no longer of
interest for the Saudi royal family and
so what we're seeing here is effectively
a new solidification formalization of an
alliance between Saudi Arabia Israel and
the Trump administration with backing
from the United Arab Emirates and Egypt
to try and effectively rewrite the
political map of the Middle East and in
this redrawing of the political map the
Palestinians will effectively get
nothing and you know this was openly
discussed in the New York Times in last
month when Mahmoud Abbas travelled to
Saudi Arabia and met
the Saudi royal family and they
effectively told him look there's a new
peace plan coming through the pipeline
you need to accept it there's nothing
that you can do about it and effectively
it was a peace plan that gives the
Palestinians the what would amount to as
a ban to stand state something similar
to what South Africa tried to implement
during the heyday of apartheid but not
at what what happens to this alliance if
at some point in the future President
Trump is removed or voted out of office
if the administration is replaced by one
for instance that takes a similar view
on the Middle East to the Obama
administration is Saudi Arabia going to
shift its position again well I don't
think so I think Saudi Arabia's position
is very much concerned about domestic
consolidation of power and challenging
Iran's position if let's say you have a
Hillary Clinton figure coming to power
in Washington then obviously that a key
element of the alliance is no longer
there but I think that doesn't really
affect Saudi Arabia's view of the region
particularly its view of the
Palestinians the Saudi royal family and
other you know corrupt authoritarian
monarchies in the Middle East always
viewed the Palestinians as a disruptive
element in the politics of the Middle
East because they stare up domestic sort
of passions within the authoritarian
regimes they challenge the very
compliant and corrupt policies of the
authoritarian regimes and so there was
never any very serious interest in
really doing anything about Palestinian
suffering and now we're sort of seeing
this you know formally coming into being
with the policies of the crown prince
and his alliance with Benjamin Netanyahu
and Jared Kushner back in Washington
Yossi Beilin
there are those who argue that the
Middle East peace process is it is dead
is that a fair assessment can it be
revived can it be dead it will not be
dead until until it is solved I mean no
of course it it is there and it is
revived and we are talking to each other
informally and you know I believe that
at the end of the day the ones who care
for the Palestinians many of us in
Israel and vice versa because we are
neighbors because we are dependent on
each other in many many ways and that is
why the world may say this is not a
problem
it can be solved jerusalem is off the
table is on the table it's nonsense
it's nonsense we know what is on the
table we know what are the red lines of
each other we know really what is
important and we know the secret that it
is soluble it depends very much on us so
if and when the Americans decide to put
on the table the plan I hope that it
will be possible for us their Israeli
peace camp and the Palestinian peace
camp to create a common reaction to it
and to say okay these are these things
are beyond the red lines of both sides
what we suggest is a B and C as we did
in the past in my understandings with
Abu Mazen in 95 in the Geneva Accord of
2003 we can furthermore do that and even
think about new ideas like a
confederation between two sovereign and
independent states or something like
that we are not lost
we are not lost we are having the ideas
and we are having the needs which is the
most important thing we need peace both
of us comma abou Sarah what do you make
of what you've just heard there is it
political suicide for the Palestinians
refused even meet to meet with the US
following the decision to move the
embassy to Jerusalem and then saying
that there that they cannot be honest
brokers any any more well what I know is
the following are since the Trump
declaration of Jerusalem is the capital
of Israel the Palestinian leadership has
decided that the u.s. is not an honest
broker in the palestinian-israeli
conflict and that the US has chosen to
do so and second the Palestinian
leadership has decided to boycott any
American officials especially the
so-called White House peace team led by
the earth Kirchner Jews in Greenland and
the US ambassador in Tel Aviv David
Friedman and I believe that there are no
chances of any Palestinian American
contacts in the near future as long
this American team is in is in power and
they are in support of the so called
of the right-wing Israeli government in
Israel and let me also one more point
that as long as Netanyahu and the
right-wing parties the Likud the Jewish
home Israel by two more are in control
of the Israeli government there are no
chance of peace or the the chances for
the two-state solution between the
Palestinian and Israel is no longer
there I believe there has to be a change
inside Israel there has to be a change
in the Israeli society there has to be a
change where the Israeli voters have to
throw this government out and bring back
a peace government a government led by
the Zionists a camp or the Labour Party
which is dedicated to the two-state
solution and dedicated to a historical
reconciliation with the Palestinians but
this government the government which is
led by Netanyahu doesn't pay more than a
lip service to the two-state solution
and let me let me be more Frank with you
Netanyahu in the last election campaign
he said exactly there will be no
Palestinian state under my watch it's
explicit it's it's he couldn't say it
more than clearer than that so I doubted
that there will be any peaceful
settlement to the palestinian-israeli
conflict under Netanyahu or and his
right-wing government not a hush made
we've been talking about that the
shifting sands in the Middle East as we
look into the future of politics in the
region we've got a Palestinian
leadership that is aging there are still
rumblings about the stability of
Israel's Prime Minister Netanyahu facing
corruption allegations and who could be
the future leaders in in the region and
could the ground shift again could the
peace process be revived under a new
generation of leaders thanks for that
question I think what is really needed
here to advance a serious peace process
is a fundamental and substantive change
Palestinian leadership the current
Palestinian leadership under Mahmoud
Abbas and the previous one in the latter
days of Yasser Arafat were effectively a
joke they were a disaster the
Palestinian people deserve a lot better
the Palestinian leadership has invested
far more energy time and effort in
trying to change the minds of the
occupants of the White House than they
have in their own people and so what the
Palestinians fundamentally need is a
responsible credible leadership
something along the lines of what
happened in South Africa under the
African National Congress that can
organize a global civil society movement
for peace and justice in Palestine based
on to States and international law this
is something that the current
Palestinian leadership has never tried
they're so monumentally corrupt that
actually you know the call them a joke
is to be too generous in my
characterization of them so unless that
happens unless there's a serious
Palestinian leadership that can really
represent Palestinian interests I don't
think we should wait for some sort of
magical leadership to emerge in Israel
or some credible you know so-called
honest broker to emerge in Washington
this is really on the Palestinians to
get their national movement if you have
their house in order and to provide the
leadership that can provide them with
you know goal posts and momentum and
hope that can lead to a Palestinian
state and one very quick question you
talked about Palestinian and an Israeli
leadership what about that what about
the u.s. does does all of this depend
upon a change of leadership in the u.s.
a very quick answer please sure I mean
it would certainly help but I don't
think the Palestinians should wait for
some credible leadership in the United
States to emerge the South African
certainly didn't do that I think I think
if there's a credible Palestinian
leadership that can mobilize you know
civil society in the United States and
global civil society that leadership in
the United States well then I think
emerge as a result of you know the
development of a peace constituency
within the United States which actually
exists but it's not consolidated it's
not politically effective so I don't
think that's a precondition for peace
that somehow we have a proper leadership
in Washington DC I really think the
problem is among the Palestinian
national movement okay there gentlemen
I'm afraid we're gonna have to leave it
we're out of time thank you all for
being with us
mohammed abu sarah Yossi Beilin and not
a hash of meat as always thank you for
watching don't forget you can see the
program again
at any time just by going to the website
where aljazeera.com
for further discussion join us at our
Facebook page facebook.com forward slash
AJ inside story and you can join the
conversation on twitter our handle at AJ
inside story from me Adrian Finnegan and
the entire team here in Doha thanks for
watching I'll see you
you
