Zimbabwe's national cricket team has
surprised many local fans they've made
it into the last six teams fighting it
out for two final spots at nature's
Cricket World Cup being held in England
Zimbabwe used to regularly play against
the top national sides in the world but
the political and financial crises
during Robert Mugabe's rule hurt the
game some senior mainly white players
left in protest leaving behind the young
inexperienced players who had the
daunting task of picking up the pieces
Mugabe was forced to resign in November
a masseur Managua is now president some
fans and players hope a new beginning
for the country will also be a new
beginning for cricket we've had some
challenges in the past and I think you
know just with with the changes that
have happened in the country I hope that
we can play our little part and do well
you know we're representing 15 million
people in our country and if we can if
we can be well and fly fly the flag
Harden yeah it'll be good for cricket in
this country in the future of cricket in
recent years the team has struggled
against other international sides but
they say playing on home soil in the
super sixes qualifying tournament gives
them an advantage and gets more young
people interested in the sport with all
these games being played here at home
that gets a lot more younger people
watching and a lot more younger people
interested in the sport I mean that's
how we started as well coming out here
and watching our heroes play 12-year old
Troy shikhandi says knowing
international teams are playing in
Zimbabwe inspires him it encourages
young people by seeing shores playing
people playing and everything people
playing cricket lovely shots beautiful
game it's nice games pairing
football remains more popular than
cricket in Zimbabwe some people here
believe cricket is an elitist sport some
schools are trying to change the
perception it's a poor school the bats
and balls are several years old the
really good players can end up joining a
cricket academy and maybe one day play
for the national team it's been a bumpy
road for Zimbabwe National side players
know they still a lot of work to do the
more matches they win could raise a
profile of cricket and return Zimbabwe
is national team to form a place
competing with the world's elite harder
Matassa al Jazeera her
