they waited seven months before the
president agreed to meet them so
politicians of the lava jato or
so-called carwash corruption
investigation took their time
questioning president pedro pablo
buchinsky he's accused of corruption
over his links to brazilian construction
giant oda village and the role he played
in contracts for a series of government
infrastructure projects ninguna the
president has known for seven months
every detail of the issues that bring us
here today he has a government lawyer so
he will have the right to defend himself
after eight hours of questioning members
of the multi-party Committee emerged
from the presidential palace everything
went okay
the president has collaborated as part
of his defense strategy the questioning
happened one day after a majority in
Congress voted to start impeachment
proceedings against the president for a
second time analysts say this has turned
into Peru's worst political crisis in
decades
never in Peru's history has a president
been through impeachments twice in three
months and after 18 months in office
even if he survives there is no
guarantee there won't be another process
the scenarios of this political crisis
are very dark to say the least
the president's future may now be much
more complicated on Thursday the state's
financial intelligence unit revealed
that kuchenski received money from all
the village when he was a finance
minister more than a decade ago the 34
page state intelligence report says Oh
leverage and other business groups paid
millions of dollars to coach in sqeeze
companies and others linked to him for
consultancy contracts president
buchinsky has repeatedly denied any
wrongdoing but political opponents say
he's lying an opinion poll says 63% of
Peruvians agree and want the president
to leave
it's a horrible crisis so much
instability we don't know what will
happen but there's corruption everywhere
we want a stable country good chin skis
dealings have made him deeply unpopular
big now I'm so angry they are still
politicians are in office to steal they
sell you beautiful ideas and then steal
it almost makes you laugh unfortunately
president kuchenski has said he has
nothing to hide analysts say even if he
survives a second impeachment move next
week he's weak and his ability to govern
has already been hampered Mariana
Sanchez al Jazeera Lima Peru
