professor Steven Pinker thanks for
joining me on upfront we live in a world
in which thorat Arianism is on the rise
a world filled with more displaced
people at any time since the Second
World War a world on the brink of a
nuclear conflict may be facing the
threat of climate change and yet you
come along with your new much-discussed
book enlightenment now the case for
reason science humanism and progress in
which you argue that quote none of us
are as happy as we ought to be given how
amazing our world has become amazing how
amazing why well any aspect of human
well-being that you measure has shown an
increase we live longer more of us go to
school life is safer few of us die in
wars and the point of the book is not
just to document the product the
progress that's the middle section of
the book and I tried to do it in 75
graphs knowing that people will be
incredulous later in the book they just
won't believe it unless they see the
graph showing poverty declining showing
deaths in war going down but also to
explain why it happened I did to a
certain set of ideas that were were
expressed in the second half of the 18th
century the era that we call the
Enlightenment and identify them as
reason we should try to analyze our
situation logically and rationally
instead of falling back on tradition and
dogma and authority if we apply reason
and science to making people better off
we can gradually succeed and then I
argue that in fact we have succeeded so
we'll talk about whether we succeed and
we'll unpack some of your claims about
poverty and violence etc but you critics
say you haven't engaged with the fact
that the Enlightenment the Age of
Enlightenment also coincided with the
age of slavery genocide exploitation
colonialism there's a lot of downsides
that came out of the UNAM and there's a
dark side to the alignment that you just
don't take into account yeah that that's
false I do take it into account and it's
anachronistic the chronology is wrong
slavery has existed since civilization
has existed genocide has existed since
civilization the first given a
justification when when enlightenment
philosophers came along and said well
these people are lesser than us when
people like John Locke and Immanuel Kant
with saints outrageous racist things
about savages natives when people going
abroad
India Africa from Britain from France to
civilize the savages a lot of that a lot
of scholars say that was associated with
enlightenment values that first of all
they preceded the Enlightenment
colonization did not begin in the second
half of the 18th century and also it was
enlightenment figures for the first time
in history that spoke out against
imperialism and slavery and colonization
all the great empires that we read about
in history you look at those the maps
showing the extent of the at the empires
they got there by conquest the idea that
conquest and colonialism and slavery
began in the in the 19th century is
historically wrong and it was the during
the Enlightenment and the first
arguments against these practices
started to carry the day but you also
did have enlightenment philosophers like
Immanuel Kant saying black people could
only be educated to the level of
servants Native Americans couldn't be
educated at all
John Locke the English philosopher as a
supporter of African slavery David Hume
the Scottish philosopher said the only
civilized nation is the white nation
Voltaire the French philosopher with a
notorious anti-semite wasn't a dark side
to these people who were there
absolutely a dark side to these people
and I make it and I make the point that
that this is not a book of light nala
tree kind of holding them up as idols
they were they were flawed they
disagreed with each other some of them
were slaveholders some of the more
anti-semites and racism racists that
could be what I'm holding up are the
ideas that at least the the ideas of
Reason science and when those ideas also
use aside Nazis or totalitarian
action no they worked a lot of scholars
who say they were you don't have to
agree with them but there are scholars
who say Flat Rock I mean the the the
Nazis were proponents of the counter
Enlightenment they do not believe in
universal human flourishing they
believed in the superiority of the tribe
you're a very prominent scientist very
well credential scientist some critics
say that your book though is less of a
reasoned scientific argument more of a
polemic because it doesn't put forth the
hypothesis tested against the evidence
and then come to a dispassionate
conclusion you start backwards you have
your conclusion and then you spend
around four hundred and fifty pages
trying to find data and graphs
some say cherry-pick data to justify
that conclusion what do you say to them
totally wrong that's just dead wrong I
we all agree on what human wellbeing
consists of like life expectancy like
death from disease like death from
violent crime I plot them and the graphs
go in a particular direction not try
ignoring data that doesn't figure these
absolutely false
no well let's take global poverty yeah
you have a chapter in the book on
prosperity you want to make the case
that the world is more prosperous and
less poor than ever before and you point
to data showing the number of people
living on the extreme poverty line as
defined by the World Bank today one
dollar ninety cents a day is down from
two billion in 1990 to 700 million in
2015 the world is becoming middle-class
you say but surely you know I know you
know because you're a very clever well
qualified guy that there are numerous
studies and a number of scholars who
dispute that poverty measure as
arbitrary as inaccurate that in reality
to quote from a recent academic paper by
the anthat by an anthropologist at the
LSE quote around four billion people
remain in poverty today around 2 billion
remain hungry more than ever before in
history that completely irrelevant to
which way that the the numbers have gone
of course the definition of absolute of
extreme poverty is going to be arbitrary
if you make it higher then more people
will be in poverty make it lower fewer
people exactly but no matter what cutoff
you said the direction is down we're
actually if you look at the work done by
Jason Hickel at the LSE if you take a
poverty line of $5 a billion people have
been added to the number of people in
that on that poverty measure since 1981
the trend shows the exact opposite when
you move it to $5 a day the in terms of
the proportion of people are absolutely
in poverty by that criteria the sheer
number of people billion people have
been added to the poverty total yes
because 1981 yes but billions of people
have been added to the world as a whole
what's relevant is the proportion you
also use absolute numbers in your book
you say it's gone down from 2 billion to
700 that the by at least the most widely
accepted definition of extreme poverty
is interesting with the absolute numbers
have declined as well but the main point
is the proportion because more people
have been added so anything is going to
increase you say widely accepted but
this is my point you don't acknowledge
in the book there's no caveats where you
say for example professor Lant Pritchett
Harvard colleague of yours a development
economist who studies this stuff says
the poverty line shouldn't be $1
it should be 12 15 dollars a day and
when you make that simple statistical
change the entire picture of poverty
changes and the arguments in your book
basically fall apart
do they not I know I don't think so
again a bicycle change this is the
problem of relying on daily changed the
measurement and everything changes
well no not everything changes because I
mean that that's a rather extreme
redefinition that's multiplying by a
factor of six you have the world's
experts on the subject well with respect
this is his field you could have
included the caveats and said look
there's a bunch of experts who don't
agree that poverty is what you declare
as fact that poverty is falling plenty
of development experts disagree with you
yes some do but if it's a question of
just absolute numbers it's irrelevant if
it's a question of whether we should set
the poverty level at $2 or $3 that's
irrelevant over a wide range of
estimates the picture is the same you
say irrelevant but you do realize that
if you're a middle-class North American
academic and you go to someone living on
say $1 91 cents a day and say well
you're not in extreme poverty what are
you complaining about we should be
grateful about progress he or she would
probably laugh in your face well but if
you compared that person to the
situation 20 years ago if you look at
how many people died of hunger if you
look at how many people died of
infectious disease they all point in the
same direction toward improvement and so
yes I mean it is always gonna be the
case that if you cherry-pick the people
who are worst off they're not gonna be
very well off you also mention
inequality which is a big discussion
point right now in the world today the
World Bank the IMF the world you can
offer even though all these August
institutions are saying inequality is a
problem it hurts growth you have books
like the spirit level linking rising
income inequality to higher rates of
homicide imprisonment infant mortality
mental illness and yet you say in the
book economic inequality is not in
itself a dimension of human wellbeing
that's right because well for one thing
the claims of the spirit level have been
evaluated and shown to be false there's
plenty of studies agree with the spirit
level it's not just a spirit and they're
plenty that that have refuted it the
ones with the largest data sets have
come to the opposite conclusion that
actually affluence matters a lot more
than inequality
in fact there are 300 papers published
in journals since the mid-1970s linking
inequality to ill health mortality
higher levels of violence it's not just
the spirit level and they are cover some
of them cover 120 countries just for
that good right but inequality is
correlated with a lot of other things
with overall level of Economic
Development with education with women's
rights so the the question is not
whether there's a first-order
correlation but whether you can show it
to be causal once you take into account
all the other causation and correlation
as you know is a real problem and some
say that's a problem in your book
because there's a similar issue with
enlightenment is it causation of
correlation but just on inequality you
make a sweeping statement in the book
it's jumped out you said you said that
today the gap between employees and
employers isn't isn't the gap it was in
the past
they're both likely to be overweight
both likely to wear the same shoes have
similar phones same TVs which sounds
great but then you don't mention that in
the u.s. today men who are in the top 1%
of income earners live 15 years longer
than men in the bottom 1% a 15-year gap
in life expectancy and you tell us but
don't worry they have the same shoes and
jeans well I don't think don't worry I
say the insinuation it is not the
insinuation it's let's appreciate the
progress that has happened it doesn't
mean that it will never mean that there
are no more problems to be solved or the
world is perfect you'll think it isn't a
problem to solve and I'm saying if
there's a 15 year life expectancy gap it
is and it should be something that you
should place in a much higher emphasis
on well life expectancy for everyone is
a is a the most obvious criterion for
well-being so we should raise everyone's
life span right now in the last 25 years
but most of the life expectancy gains
according to Stanford University have
gone to the top 1%
yes but the the goal should be should
not be reducing inequality as if if we
got the top 1% to die earlier that would
be progress I'm saying that's the wrong
criterion Photography suggests I think
that's a straw man no one's that's it
that's an implication of focusing on
inequality as the problem as opposed to
early death that can be prevented those
are two very different ways of stating
these if you recognize the link with
inequality which to be fair you don't
although there are other studies it does
let's talk about another big issue which
you address in the book climate change
james hansen the former nasa scientist
says it could threaten quote the fabric
of civilization a bit big statement yet
you say
some would say in a rather flippant way
in the book that quote despite a
half-century of panic Humanity is not on
an irrevocable path to ecological
suicide how can you be so confident
given all the overwhelming evidence on
the other side well there I agree
completely with Jim Hansen he would he
would say the exact same thing it's not
irrevocable it's irrevocable and it's
pointless to try to do anything about it
I'm saying it's not irrevocable that we
should face the challenge and look for
solutions as Jim Jim Hanson bears is not
on an irrevocable bar but that's exactly
what I'm saying it's not irrevocable if
we make certain decisions your solution
to the climate change problem which
seems to on face value undermine this
kind of positive picture you play on the
book given this existential threat we
face from climate change
to seem to say because there are
pathways to solving the climate crisis
one of them would be carbon pricing
which would may mean that every decision
that people make factors in the damage
to the atmosphere into the climate the
other is the development of zero carbon
energy sources and eventually negative
carbon energy sources because we've got
to start sucking co2 out of the
atmosphere as well as stopping adding to
it but you believe those things could
work even though all the people who are
involved in the field right now are
tearing their hair out saying none of
this is working the trend is in the
wrong direction things aren't getting
better the trend is in the wrong
direction but that doesn't mean that
that doesn't mean that nothing could
work those are two different statements
I agree but what's your basis for say
being optimistic is what I'm wondering
I'm not saying I'm not this is a
relentlessly optimistic book no no it's
a realistic book you said I think will
rise to the challenge we can be
conditionally optimistic conditionally
optimistic that is you are if we if we
take these steps and if we don't take
this steps then then there could be
disasters yeah okay so so let me ask a
balance of probabilities since we're
trying to nail you down on this subjects
difficult do you believe as of today
given the situation we find ourselves
the warning from scientists a political
situation which looks bad that we're any
that we're going to be able to solve or
beat climate change I think the
probability is significantly greater
than zero
how much greater than zero I don't know
if it's zero then then let's just let's
just drive our SUVs a lot of reviews of
you know a lot of you
views New York Times Boston Globe
Guardian a lot of the reviewers who read
your book said exactly this even though
they like your style they praise a lot
of the content of the book they do
accuse you of setting up these strong
men argument making sweeping claims
who's saying zero nobody's saying zero
but what if you are if you're saying if
you're saying if you're challenging the
idea that we're not on an irrevocable
course to do that anyone optimistic
about climate change right now given the
political environmental economic
situation well as I said it doesn't mean
it's zero it means it's bad yeah well it
would be bad if we don't do anything
about it
keep adding this caveat if well not say
we're not well we're not doing enough
it's not true that we're not doing
anything about it
well doing enough and even some of the
worst developments such as Donald Trump
threatening to pull the u.s. out of the
Paris Accord the other the individual
states plan to keep to the to the
restrictions other countries it won't
even go into effect until at the last
month of trumps presidency and it could
be reversed by as accessories in Paris
people are complaining about Paris not
being enough and you're a man who likes
experts expertise empiricism you're a
famed brilliant cognitive psychologists
but how does that make you qualified to
make these kind of sweeping check claims
about climate change when you're not a
climate scientist yourself and many of
them don't like the fact that you've
made these kind of sweeping claims well
because the the idea that it's possible
that we will solve a crime a crisis is
not a sweeping claim Steven Pinker
thanks so much for joining me on upfront
thanks for having me
you
