it's normal to see gravesite scattered
around the villages and rice fields of
Vietnam but in this area there's a
common date edged on them the 16th of
March 1968 that's when most people who
lived in the village of me live were
killed some of them raped and tortured
first in a four-hour assault by US
soldiers during the Vietnam War
Pam tan Cong was 11 at the time and
among the few who survived when the
soldiers opened fire on his family he
was shielded by the bodies of his mother
and four siblings the soldiers killed
people in the rice fields and on the
roads first then they came to every
house and killed everyone
they killed every person and every
animal they saw then they burned the
houses believing there were enemy
soldiers and me lai the Americans were
told to kill everyone 504 unarmed men
women and children were murdered the
main site is now a park in museum where
people come to learn about a massacre
that was covered up by the u.s. for more
than a year people come here to remember
the massacre but it's not about holding
on to bad feelings it's a reminder to
the world that the war was bad and
together we must maintain peace just one
US soldier was convicted of murder and
sentenced to life in prison but later
had his sentence commuted the massacre
and other similar incidents helped
galvanize the anti-war movement in the
United States and turned more Vietnamese
against the American soldiers today of
course the Vietnamese haven't forgotten
the war but for most there is a sense of
moving on relations between the two
countries have steadily improved to the
point where they see strategic and
economic benefits of being on the same
side
last week saw the largest US military
presence in Vietnam since the war as the
Navy visited the city of Da Nang and
took part in several community events
but moving on is not so easy for those
who survived one of the most horrific
acts of the war Vietnamese are forgiving
but the local people here will always
retain some hatred for the American
soldiers who had no humanity that day
and committing a massacre then left us
homeless and with a lonely life today
the fields around me lie a peaceful just
as they were before the US helicopters
landed 50 years ago but for survivors of
that darkest of days the serenity will
never be able to erase the memories
Wayne hey al Jazeera me lai Vietnam
