Britain takes its case against Moscow to
the UN over the poisoning of a former
Russian spy at a time of friction of a
brexit and an unpredictable White House
how will a divided West tackle a
resurgent Russia which is again defining
itself at least according to President
Putin as a great power
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan the rhetoric of the
Cold War appears to be back with strong
words at the UN Security Council and the
expulsion of 23 Russian diplomats from
Britain the u.s. France and Germany
along with the UK have issued a joint
statement blaming Moscow for the
poisoning of the former spy Sergei
scrapple and his daughter in the UK
Vladimir Putin's expected to win a
fourth term in Sunday's presidential
election and he's been talking about
Russia's weapons capability this month
in his State of the Union speech two
weeks ago he said that new nuclear
missiles that could penetrate any US
defense system are being developed the
United States has been sending mixed
messages on how to deal with Russia
President Donald Trump has repeatedly
been ambiguous but others in his
administration say that Russia should be
held accountable the United States
stands in absolute solidarity with Great
Britain the United States believes that
Russia is responsible for the attack on
two people in the United Kingdom using a
military-grade nerve agent dozens of
civilians and first responders were also
exposed Russia says the accusations are
insane and that Britain's refusing to
cooperate with Moscow in the
investigation into the incident
my name is Baku in it we are extremely
concerned about what has taken place
several days ago on the territory of the
United Kingdom we are taking information
about the situation of using chemical
weapons on the territory of the United
Kingdom with utmost concern to this day
I can confirm this again London refuses
to provide any factual information
regarding this case
so is there a rush to judgment by
Western powers on Russia let's bring in
our guests for today from Moscow with
but we're joined by theater Slav matters
offer former russian diplomat in london
matthew goodwin senior visiting fellow
in the europe program at Chatham House
and from Santander and Spain by a Skype
is Fabrice Poitier chief strategy
officer at Rasmussen global and former
director of policy planning for NATO
gentlemen good to have you work with us
they artists live let's start with you
Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May
says there's no alternative conclusion
other than the that the Russian state
was responsible for the attempted murder
of mr. scribble and his daughter what do
you make of that well I cannot imagine
that Russian government in it was in in
in in some such kind of or fails
relative because it is absolutely clear
today it is stepped to spoiling Russian
Western relations in this concrete
situation that Putin is before a
presidential election because Russia is
interested to come down any
international influence on inside
situation so I don't think that Russia
have any connection with this case and
all what is we are watching today is
based on allegations I think that Sara
the studying of the case could give a
good answer for what was happening
indeed but on my opinion it is the part
of a more broad development or more
broader position of the Western
countries visibly Russia because we can
combine this with Russian behavior in
Syria and all that was made if in Goethe
isn't Goethe
and in Ukraine and many other places I
think that the policy that Russia
demonstrate right now before the Western
world
is absolutely independent from its
position America was upset with Russian
behavior Russia confronting American
policy in many places in the world of
crane Middle East and even forests so I
think that it is the part of global
confrontation with Russian Federation
that was used by this case in London
okay I don't believe that Russia have
any connection with this case because it
is not in the interest right now to
Russia Matthew Goode when in in London
you heard what Beatrice love was saying
there what what do you make of that
well I think there's clearly a very
consistent line coming from Berlin Paris
London and Washington that the nature of
the material the fact that it is high
grade a high grade military nerve agent
really puts all arrows pointing in one
direction and it's the argument
certainly made by Theresa May and also
the US and people from the security
services is that if if this isn't
anything to do with Russia then then
then put forward a plausible explanation
there are only two scenarios one is that
it did come from Russia sanctioned by
the Russian state the other is the
Russian state has lost control over
high-grade military nerve agents those
are effectively the two scenarios that
are at play meanwhile the British
government has has pushed ahead with the
sanctions which you know no government
is going to impose the most significant
sanctions that they've seen since the
mid-1980s unless they have compelling
credible intelligence from the security
services that point to where this
substance has come from so all arrows
are pointing in the same direction
Fabrice practically in in Santander the
utter sloth was
echoing Russia's envoi to the UN who
called the Salisbury poisoning of a
false flag attack possibly by the UK
itself in order to discredit Russia and
how plausible is that does anyone
believe that there could be another
explanation that that Russia was really
not involved in this well first we've
all respect for your Russian guest his
intervention reminded me of a Foreign
Minister level of interventions at the
North Atlantic Council meaning they're
basically overwhelm you with facts some
truths are distorted they make
connections which are not really the
real matter of the question here and in
the end they are creating this this
doubt or trying to create this doubt
that in fact this is a plot of the West
against Russia so I don't think it
really stands the test of evidence as
Matthew said it just earlier days an
overwhelming body of evidence that
points to a nerve agent produced in
Russia having be used by the Russian
authorities to attempt a murder on the
former Russian spy and this is in a way
also declare policy by the Russian state
that they have the right to aim at
Russian for a former Russian spy idol
considered traitors outside the Russian
territory so sadly this is part of a
pattern a pattern that has been existing
now for more than four years and and I
think this is the big question now is
how do we respond to it because clearly
this is a watershed event and it's
cannot be seen as just a small attend
it's a very significant one using a tiny
little nerve agent in the middle of a
British city on daylight so I think now
the real question is how robust but also
how collective the response should be
from Britain but also the British NATO
and EU allies okay we'll come on to the
response in a little
more depth in just a few moments but but
I just before we move on the XS love you
you heard what both Matthew and Fabrice
was saying they're about this
overwhelming body of evidence against
Russia britain's Foreign Secretary said
that Russia's smug sarcastic response to
this incident indicates its fundamental
guilt that they want to simultaneously
deny it yet at the same time glory in it
he's got a point hasn't he
well Russia demonstrated absolutely
independent course in international
affairs
she doesn't join American activity in
the Middle East and many other areas in
the world so I think that it is the main
reason why now confrontation is rising
from day to day between the West headed
by the United States and Russia we
should watch it in very different
regions of the world and I think that
it's before Russian presidential
elections this tension increase tension
with Vladimir Putin will help him is his
lateral campaign inside the Russia
Russian Federation because a more
depressing will be on Putin so I just
want to pick you up on something you
said they are just live at right at the
beginning of the program when you felt
that the that Russia's role in Syria and
in Crimea and Ukraine may have something
to do with all of this Crimea is
absolutely definitely Russia will never
change his attitude and never withdraw
from Crimea it is sacred place for
Russians and supportin will enjoy
support from all Russian population it
is not only his decision I think that
consolidating public opinion from for in
favor of Putin will be
absolutely right now that's why before
the election all period he make a visit
to Crimea and he demonstrated the big
success of Russia when it accepted
Crimea Russians to Russian Federation I
think he is not contradicted with his
own interests before electorate and
that's why I consider that Crimea it is
big cart in the hand of Putin visibly
all this electoral struggle that we
watching today in Russia because it's
really phase now a strong opposition
leader Ruthenian from left side who is
demanding from him change his internal
economical social and political course
inside Russia and it's he is losing to
grow Union in many fields now he
compensate his losses
inside policy while he is demonstrating
his loyalty Russia in Crimea in Ukraine
in strong position in the international
level visible Great Britain resume of
the United States in demonstrating their
opportunities military opportunities in
Syria so I think that it is the
framework of the struggle Putin is
gaining points from the point of view of
electoral interest all right
Mathew good when the US ambassador to
the UN nikki Haley said that if we don't
take immediate concrete measures to
address this Salisbury won't be the last
place that we see chemical weapons used
she call it she called it a defining
moment is it I think in some respects it
is Boris Johnson the British Foreign
Secretary was quite careful this morning
to say that this does not mark a return
to the Cold War but I think in some
respects it will become something of a
watershed
in the new post-cold-war relationship
between Russia and the West there is a
sense that in Westminster at least and I
think also in Washington that past
events like the murder of Litvinenko
really was not taken seriously by the
Russian state that those reactions from
Britain were not hard enough I think now
you're seeing the rolling out of a more
thorough response over 20 diplomats
expelled the royal family told that that
they will be boycotting the world cup I
suspect there'll be further pressure on
on travel bans and the movement of
assets by wealthy Russians in London
Putin's going to at some point today
announce his response to that and there
will be retaliation but what what we may
see over the next day or two is actually
the West's response begin to spiral into
France and Germany in the United States
who may join that action coming from
Britain so we are nowhere near the end
of this this issue it will likely spiral
and and you know it will ultimately
undermine the bilateral relationship
between Britain and Russia but also
Russia's standing visibie the West
fabrice if Russia is behind the the
Salisbury poisoning what's going on here
is Putin testing alliances looking to
test the West's resolve if the UK pushes
back hard against Russia's what extent
is it is it merely giving President
Putin exactly what he wants well that's
the one point where I agree with the
Russian guests is that days again here
played by Putin to gain some points
abroad to hide his losses at home and
especially his economic situation but
it's also again that he provokes himself
he chooses to be on the offensive and I
can tell you having been inside the
Machine room at NATO during the Ukraine
conflict there is a great reluctance
from the Western Allies to enter into a
confrontation and to
escalate but as Matthew just said and as
I said earlier this is a watershed event
and the question now is how concrete and
collective the responses are going to be
the Masters announced yesterday by the
British prime minister our firm
but mostly symbolic even the sanctions
she floated will not be automatic
sanctions they might become sanctions if
there are proven cases of Russian
individuals being involved in some cases
so it's I think it's not as strong as it
sounds but the real strange could come
again from how the NATO and the European
allies can respond and I think here it's
about also the Western leaders checking
their responsibilities we have heard
since 2014 basically since the Ukraine
conflict countless statements about
hybrid war that the West will respond
that the worst the West was getting
ready here we have a hybrid war the
question is whether a hybrid attack on
water line is an attack on all the
Allies and I think this is really where
we have to see leadership both from
London but also from Washington and the
European capitals what does it mean
concretely it could mean first
replicating the British sanction into EU
wide sanctions next week you have to
cancel a European Council with all the
EU leaders including the resume and I
think he or she could make a call to
make basically a new EU package of
sanctions against Russia on the NATO
side I mean it means this is a situation
of collective defence she has said
herself this is an unlawful use of force
by Russia against Britain this is a case
of self-defense under Article 51 of the
UN Charter which could be the prelude to
also invoke NATO's collective defence
Clause article 5
it doesn't mean there is going to be an
automatic military response but it means
is a clear statement not only of
solidarity but of readiness to
the question in the bottom line is if we
don't act what is going to prevent
Russia from doing that again in the
future yeah Fabrice if you can give me a
short answer if you were just on on the
EU for a moment how United will the
response be given that some of the
states in the in the east of the EU of
former Soviet bloc countries who
naturally a weary of the of the big name
neighbor to the east well yes I think
the real issue will be coming both from
the Western and member states mostly
Italy Germany and France
whether they will be willing to
basically negotiate a new package of
sanctions part oxytree I think they
could be actually more potential inside
the EU especially to do financial
sanctions that there might be inside
NATO to do concrete measures because
NATO will be seen by some European
allies as to escalatory so I think there
is a real card to play here by Britain
and it's a twist of history that almost
a year before leaving the European Union
Britain might be actually calling for
one of the greatest EU show of
solidarity have yet just like you heard
what what Fabrice was saying there if
there is a United EU package of
sanctions against Russia if NATO takes
self-defense measures are we are we
entering a new cold war with Russia here
oh I think that cold war is going on and
in some places it is well even in a hot
war not only cold war because we know
for sure our relations with the United
States in the Syrian area in a Syrian
region for example we have a direct
confrontation between American and
Russian military services one of them
supported Kurdish forces another Syrian
governmental forces so I think that
situation is right dangerous
it needs contact and diplomatic and
political measures to settle down all
contradictions what we watched today we
were we watch when any chance to meet
mr. Putin with mr. Trump and we watch
that mr. Trump is avoiding even welcome
his Russian colleague that's why no
dialogue no political contacts no
coordination in any other place because
in our opinion our current relations
with the United States is characterized
idly attempts for the United States to
make from Russia one of their satellite
it is impossible in a real situation and
I think that's the main reason of the
increasing tension and all these cases
poisoning people in the Great Britain in
Great Britain killing in the brig ribbon
and there is a big question for us for
Russians why what is happening or such
kind of killings poisoning only in Great
Britain what is the soil what is the air
in Great Britain that kill people there
Russian people because the last person
he he was travelling to London after
Freeling mean from the siege from the
are arrests okay
he was absolutely clean when he went
left the country and now he has no no
accusations for for the as I have any
secret all right Matthew Goodwin I want
to ask you a question about about
Britain's response and whether Russia
has miscalculated here but it just
occurs to me we now likely to see do you
think a campaign of rush north of
misinformation and obfuscation aimed at
a
and us audiences now I think that's
likely that's certainly consistent with
Russia's past action what we've heard
even during this conversation is a lot
of talk about international relations a
lot of talk about the Russian election
we've not actually heard any credible
response to the specific threat that is
or the sorry the specific issue that is
at hand which is how did this happen if
it did not indeed originate in Russia
and that's the question that the
Russians have to answer and they can
talk about Syria and they can talk about
Putin's election but how did a high high
grade military nerve agent get to the
point where it is being deployed on the
British ordinary streets I mean that's
that's the question they need to answer
not international relations so I think
there will be a very strong and
concerted and consistent response from
the UK and the UK's allies and that will
continue for some time to come and
Fabrice a very quick answer for me
please because we're almost out of time
if Russia is behind this attack has it
miscalculated no because I think on the
short term is going to pay and play in
the Putin's
playbook especially ahead of the
elections and on the long term yes
because Russia is going to keep on being
put into a corner economically
especially by the West when there was
talk since the Trump administration
arrived of maybe lifting some of the
sanctions I think now again we've passed
a new a new line and Russia is going to
be kept and contained economically as
long as it doesn't show a change of
behavior you can have as many diplomats
and as much dialogue as you want and I
think everybody welcomed that but as
long as you don't have a Russian change
of behavior and that change of behavior
will come from exerting containment and
force until Russia sees that it's not in
its interest to keep on being disruptive
and aggressive okay gentlemen there we
understand it many thanks indeed for
being with us they are just love matters
of in Moscow matthewgoodwin in London
and Fabrice Portier in san
and their thanks for watching don't
forget you can see the program anytime
just by going to the website
aljazeera.com for further discussion
join us at our Facebook page
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story and you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle at AJ
inside story from me Adrian Finnegan and
the whole team here in Doha thanks for
watching I'll see you again
