heated debate in Somalia's upper house
of parliament senators debate a motion
on the recent signing of a deal between
the United Arab Emirates if you appear
on the breakaway end clip of Somaliland
to operate the port of Barbara they well
the bill that aims to ban the Dubai
ports world from Somalia quickly sailed
through the lower house it's proving to
be contentious in the Senate who 54
members represent the interests of
Somalia six federal states which
includes some money does our government
fear Ethiopia why are we not talking
about Ethiopian interference in our
affairs why are we only talking about
UAE and Dubai ports world when Ethiopia
took a 19% stake in Berber report in the
deal signed in Dubai recently the pot
operator took a 51% stake in the port of
Barbara
so Marlin retained 30 percent while the
remaining 19 percent goes to Ethiopia
Somalia and the UAE had frosty relations
even before the port deal was signed
Somali government leaders say it's
because of Somalis refusal to side with
countries including the UAE which are
blockading Qatar when Saudi Arabia the
United Arab Emirates and other countries
cut diplomatic ties with Qatar last year
they insist and others in the Horn of
Africa follow their lead and that pitted
the Somali federal governments we chose
to remain neutral in the crisis
the Somali government blames the UAE for
quoting the leaders of the six federal
state and encouraging them to side with
the blockading countries posing a
serious challenge to Somalia's already
struggling state building process it's
true we are passing through tough times
it is true our economy is not doing well
but we shall never allow foreigners to
take advantage of our weaknesses and
interfere with our sovereignty barely
two months after he was appointed Somali
as foreign minister has been given the
responsibility of dealing with the
fallout from the port deal they have no
problem with investment in Somali any
parties are included it's a magnet
however we will not negotiate or
compromise on the sovereignty and
territorial integrity of Somali Somali
lands relatively small portal Barbara
exports livestock to the Middle East and
imports food and other items including
for landlocked if European all that said
to change as DP world says it's prepared
to invest up to four hundred and forty
three million dollars to develop the
port for Somaliland the Dubai pot deal
is not only a financial windfall but
also a lot of confidence and that is a
major problem for Somalia which we use
Somaliland as its sovereign territory
Mohammed Al Jazeera Mauritius Somalia
