it's well known that the United States
exports billions of dollars worth of
arms to its allies what isn't as widely
understood is that many of the guns it
sends into wars in the Middle East a
soviet-era munitions manufactured in
Eastern Europe so how do these supply
routes function and where do the weapons
go in the first of a special two-part
investigation into US armed sales
Julianna Rufus has been to investigate
what's happening with your buzzing I
don't know when I made a deal with him
you know that he is a Cooper I think he
is I think he means the Mafia or the
Mafia controlling him June 2007 Ephraim
Devereaux Lee a 21 year old arms dealer
from Miami Beach is negotiating a 300
million dollar ammunition purchase for
the u.s. Pentagon his Albanian contact
Kosta true--but scre is secretly
recording the conversation he wants to
prove Diwali knows that the seller has
links with organized crime the problem
is I don't have a choice the US
government's expecting the product the
United States needs weapons for its
allies and the wars in Afghanistan and
Iraq the guns must be Kalashnikov sand
other Soviet style weapons it's what its
allies are used to speed is of the
essence a year after the call with giver
Olli tributes Kerr is dead many believed
the Albanian mafia silenced him to stop
him from speaking up about a pentagon
deal gone bad
tribe it's cos death gave rise to a
scandal that was supposed to change how
the American government buys weapons to
arm its allies overseas but the question
is has it we've set out to investigate
just how these weapons find their way
into some of the most fragile states on
earth
this is David Peck who's he used to be
Devereaux Lee's business partner the
story of how the two young amateurs from
Miami Beach turned into international
arms brokers was so incredible that it
became a Hollywood blockbuster they
supplied the Pentagon with 40 year old
Chinese ammunition that was stored in
Albania bombards in doing any business
with the US government come on a watch
list but Chinese weapons were under US
sanctions
so they repackaged the ammo to hide its
origin in 2011 after New York Times
expose Devereaux Li went to jail but Pak
who's got away with house arrest so you
guys didn't really have a background in
that you were just two young guys in
there 20 my did you get contracts to
supply arms you mean why did they give
us the contracts
well they gave us the contracts probably
because we were very very competitive we
were what they called the best value to
the government back who says the war
Doc's movie failed to tell the whole
story he insists the Pentagon knew all
along that he and his partner was
supplying sanction Chinese ammunition
his claim is supported by documents that
surfaced in court they kept on taking
deliveries I think like three deliveries
a week of full aircraft loads of
ammunition for like four or five months
after they found out it was Chinese who
says the Pentagon was happy with the
arrangements until the media got hold of
the story how important was it for the
US Army to get quick supplies
operational necessity is a term that the
military used when they wanted to say
that they got to get this done one way
or another and that meant that they were
willing to overlook certain procedures
and rules and safeguards that the
administration had put in place PACU
says it's this operational necessity
that drives the US government to employ
private companies it allows them to
be one step removed because a lot of
these suppliers in Central Europe and
the Eastern Bloc may not have great
reputations they may have supplied other
people you know that have committed
atrocities if they only deal with US
companies who go out and then do their
own deals and then the US government
could wash their hands and say well we
didn't know where it was coming from
fast forward to 2015 America is
supporting another war in the Middle
East but in Syria it's supplying arms to
rebels not to state forces again the
weapons are soviet-style
easy to use and so common in the region
they're hard to trace if something goes
wrong when ISIL control territory
expands US armed supplies are stepped up
I'm pleased that Congress have now voted
to support a key element of our strategy
our plan to train and equip the
Opposition in Syria so they can help
push back these terrorists this is
exclusive footage of what one of the
pentagon secretive projects looked like
again the US government uses private
companies to arm and train its allies
these men are highly experienced war
fighters Mike Dougherty and Francis
novio they were in Bulgaria to train on
Soviet style weapons that would be
supplied to Syrian rebels it seemed like
a straightforward mission but it would
cost novio his life
Frances novio is survived by his wife
Rita
and two young children hi Rita I'm
Giuliana hello she has agreed to meet us
we're joined by Mike dougherty new
wheels training partner he was present
when novia was killed I was about five
or six feet away and as he approached
the launcher he literally raised the
round and as soon as he started to slide
it in and it detonated and that's when
everything just went white for me it's a
sight instantly
cerebral and chest apparently I was
thrown into a concrete wall and you know
the blast effects threw me back down
against the ground my hands was split
down here and hanging and the other hand
was had a big chunk of metal in it and
then I just remember looking up and I
saw our other colleague and his hand was
hanging in his arm was he just shattered
are just tore up I started to to kind of
flip myself over to crawl and I started
crawling towards him then I passed out
the multi-million dollar Pentagon
contract to trained and equipped was
received by a company called purple
shovel but it seemed to be
insufficiently prepared for the task
Zhi Chen mic say there were problems
right from the start the awarding of the
contract happened very quick there were
a lot of things that we we questioned
why are we not doing medical why are we
not doing threat briefs and things like
that it felt very rushed
I remember Francis saying that it just
felt rushed and it wasn't we really
didn't understand the scope of what
we're getting into mike tells us the
official investigation into what exactly
happened in bulgaria seems to have
stalled it's still not clear what caused
the missile launcher to malfunction did
the US government's urgency to supply
weapons means safety procedures were
ignored once more it wasn't until I
would say over a year later that we
learned that the ammunition was over 30
years old and over the last 30 to 40
years
where was it stored what were the
conditions during its storage and were
they doing the right things to ensure
that it was properly taken care of and
that we don't know Mike and Zita are
suing the company our requested purpose
shoveled for an interview was declined
the company continues to receive US
government contracts it seems like the
government just wants to put layers over
this contracting pool so people don't
really know much about it
the way they can do things outside of
the military that are maybe a little bit
more shady and not get caught
meanwhile the covert supply of weapons
from southeastern Europe continues
observers have noticed that a small
airport in Rijeka Croatia has become a
major hub for the flow of arms to the
walls of the Middle East
we have come here to find out what type
of weapons are sourced by the US
government and how they are transported
you can spot creation of rocket
launchers you can spot Bulgarian grad
missiles you can spot Serbian mortar
shells Jelena is a member of the Balkan
Investigative Reporting Network together
with the organized crime and corruption
reporting project they have spent two
years tracking the Pentagon's secret
weapon shipments into Syria we have set
up a joint investigation
this one was produced in Serbia it's a
coyote machine gun and up in Syrian
battleground the US government publishes
information about federal contracts
online Yellen and her colleagues have
used this database to calculate the US
government's expenditure on soviet-style
weapons since 2015 until 2022
Pentagon will spend over 2.2 billion
u.s. dollars what do you know about the
roots how weapons from Balkan countries
go to the Middle East they go through
Turkey Jordan provide Qatar and Saudi
Arabia okay so that's all u.s. alloys US
allies exactly exactly
jelena had been investigating a plane
that departed from Rijeka Airport five
days earlier which she believes carried
weapons to the Middle East you can see
it on the fight further the roots that
this plane took several time and you can
see places such as our Iran in Qatar
exactly and also it has the flight
number mark which is very specific for
the planes that are actually
transporting military goods this is CMB
this is footage of the plane Jelena
tracked it is being loaded with crates
at least 20 US military flights have
left this Airport in the past six months
and when we arrived at the airport we to
see a plane oh it's big this is one of
the busiest airport right when it comes
to planes such as this one it's from the
same airline yelling I had been
investigating this really is pretty nuts
just in the middle of the traffic
junction
they are about to take off
there are weapons there they're probably
going to say there is this huge fights
that are happening in surrounding of
Italy yeah they need more arms they're
definitely flight data proves that the
majority of this company's planes from
Rijeka go to key US bases in the Middle
East from there weapons can be funneled
to Syria the single largest Pentagon
supplier of weapons for Syrian rebels is
Bulgaria for the --use poorest country
that's a change in Fortune Bulgaria's
arms factories felt quiet after the end
of the Cold War but the wars in Iraq
Afghanistan in Syria brought new demand
factories were reopened and new
production lines added to supply weapons
to the world's most fragile regions we
have come to Bulgaria to find out more
about the weapons the US government buys
for its Syrian allies support is home to
state arms manufacturer vmz it is also
where Frances novia was killed in June
vmz has been struggling to modernize and
novios fatal accident wasn't its first
incident a series of explosions rocked
one of the company's plans in the time
before the contractors arrival there
were no casualties but production shut
down for over two months when we
contacted vmz to find out more its
management declined to speak to us two
leading trade unionists did agree to
meet but did not want to go on camera
not just the workers are refusing to
talk to us but even the local TV station
what we do know is that the workers at
vmz are under a huge amount of pressure
if vmz fails to complete an order their
bill
a cut with growing international demand
for vmz weapons the pressure is on to
supply as fast as the company can
produce we follow in ovios footsteps his
training partner Mike Dougherty had told
us the fatal ammunition was 30 years old
and we want to see if we can find out
more the VMS have range where the
training took place is just over there
it's where novio died but we can't stop
because it's a militarized zone instead
we head to the warehouse where the MZ
stores its ammunition it's were the big
explosions took place we're told to
leave immediately in case if we insisted
we stop to film in a nearby village
instead local residents here were
affected by the explosions was so big
that some houses in this village had to
be evacuated the local police arrived
within minutes they order us to follow
them to the station where we are
questioned and threatened with
prosecution it is clear that the
authorities don't like any questions
about Bulgaria's arms exports
but one person did manage to proof that
VM that weapons are reaching Syria
Bulgarian journalist Ileana Gatens Ewa
dil Yana arrived in Aleppo as fighting
intensified in 2016
Syrian government forces had almost
cleared the rebels out of the city in a
desperate bid to defend their positions
opposition forces responded with a
barrage of artillery and rocket
propelled grenades and the Syrian regime
retaliated with airstrikes hundreds of
civilians were killed in the crossfire
the suffering Dayani witness was
unforgettable it was constant firing day
in day night one of the rockets fell
next to us over a mother and her child
there were beheaded in front of me a
local journalist took del Yana to a
house that had just been vacated by the
owners were front missus rockets from
Bulgaria this is the basement which was
used by jihadists to store huge
quantities of weapons this this weapon
manufactured by VN that support with the
country of origin bulgaria when local
people realized that I came from
Bulgaria the first question I got was
this why are sending weapons to kill us
here in Aleppo after publishing her
story an anonymous source directed
Eliana to a large online stash of hacked
documents taken together they proved
that hundreds of flights had transported
weapons from Balkan states such as
Bulgaria and Serbia to conflict zones
many were paid for by the Pentagon at
least you have any idea who the
perpetrators ah among the papers were
end-user certificates a kind of contract
between buyer and seller the buyers must
confirm they will not transfer the
weapons without informing the seller
they are vital tool to stop the global
spread of weapons according to the
documents the end user is the US Special
Operations Command but the weapons ended
up in the hands of jihadists in Syria
but she says the seller Bulgaria bears
responsibility too when Bulgaria as a
country is informed that our weapons end
up in war zones and in countries which
are under embargo we should stop
immediately the exports since the
discovery the documents have been
verified by international experts so
what is Bulgaria's position on these
exports the government declined to
comment so we turned to the only
Bulgarian official prepare to speak to
us it is possible to say that is the
best lipid mass in the world
Stefan Bora Musharraf is the
co-president of the association of
bulgarian defense industries all you are
of this one is possible to destroy tank
on the light armored vehicles most of
its members export arms to the Middle
East and he shows us some of the niche
defence products they have developed for
private and government clients we want
to know if Bulgaria is at fault when the
US Special Operations Command or SOCOM
passes the weapons on as a member of the
EU Bulgaria is required to stick to the
arms control treaties many of the
contracts are fulfilled with the
Americans putting SOCOM as an end user
but it is known that the weapons are
going to sea
if you receive end-user for the country
who is with good reputation it is
impossible to say I don't like to say
you sell to you this it is not
responsible for any country responsible
for the country who make this end user
you make the deal with the state who is
good reputation after that what to say
there is growing evidence that this flow
of weapons is having unintended
consequences analysts have found heavy
machine guns rockets and even missile
systems from Bulgaria and Romania in the
hands of ISIL it is now estimated that
over 1/3 of all weapons used by the
group in Syria and Iraq women affected
in Eastern Europe so are us arms export
inadvertently empowering the terrorists
in London a group called conflict
armament research carried out detailed
analysis into how ISIL has obtained its
weapons
James Bevin is the executive director
the vast majority of weapons are marked
Kalashnikov almost always on the
left-hand side of the receiver and they
have a serial number
Bevin spends much of his time in the
Middle East documenting recovered
weapons most had been captured by
Iceland battles from their enemies
including weapons taken from rebel
groups equipped by the u.s. to date
conflict armament research has used
serial numbers to trace 40,000 items
these kind of transfers have introduced
weapons which they didn't previously
have access to and that's a positive
boost for their offensive capability
this is an rpg-7 launcher designed in
1940s but some of the rockets which
they've acquired ostensibly through the
u.s. train and equip program are the
tandem rockets which basically converts
a 1940's weapon system into something
that can defeat a modern tank so weapon
that was supplied by the US government
may well end up being pointed at US
soldiers yes absolutely serious blowback
yeah serious blowback but not all of
isil's weapons were captured in battle a
significant number were handed to ISIL
by friendly fighters from US equipped
groups this is the missile from an
anti-tank guided weapon system its
transfer history is production in
bulgaria gets transferred across to one
of the Syrian opposition forces is then
diverted to Islamic state we pick it up
less than two months after he left the
factory door once more it's a weapon
manufactured in Bulgaria by vmz bought
by the Pentagon via a private contractor
if you supply weapons to non-state
actors you have very little control over
what happens to those weapons
particularly in in a situation like
Syria
our request to the US Department of
Defense for an interview was declined
but we did get a statement saying
America's partner forces are vetted and
that the final use of the weapons is
checked meanwhile us support for rebel
groups in Syria continues and to defeat
ISIL America has chosen a new ally the
president authorized the Department of
Defense to equip Kurdish elements of the
Syrian democratic forces as necessary to
ensure a clear victory over Isis in
Raqqa Syria but Kurdish rebel forces
have their own territorial interests and
a new front has opened in a region
already fractured by war in a recent
escalation to US allies Turkey and the
Kurds have been pointing guns at one
another and more lives are taken every
single day the spread of weapons is a
global problem and even more so if
exporting countries avoid accountability
