there was an air of inevitability to the
Prime Minister's announcement given what
she calls the contempt with which Russia
has responded to her demands for an
explanation of what the British
authorities say was a nerve agent so mr.
speaker there is no alternative
conclusion other than that the Russian
state was culpable for the attempted
murder of mr. scribble and his daughter
and for threatening the lives of other
British citizens in Salisbury including
Detective Sergeant Nick Bailey this
represents an unlawful use of force by
the Russian State against the United
Kingdom she told Parliament she's
expelling 23 Russian diplomats alleged
to be undeclared intelligence officers
they have a week to leave she said the
UK will suspend all high-level bilateral
contacts with Russia and cancel a
planned visit by Foreign Minister Sergei
Lavrov
ministers and the royal family will
boycott Russia's World Cup in June and
she said the government would freeze
Russian state assets if there's evidence
they may be used to threaten the life or
property of UK nationals or residents
the opposition Labour Party leader
Jeremy Corbyn was supportive up to a
point his spokesman later refused to say
the Russian state was definitely at
fault if the government believes that he
is still a possibility that Russia
negligently lost control of a
military-grade nerve agent what action
has been taken through the OPCW with our
allies I welcome the fact the police are
working with the OPCW and has the Prime
Minister taken the necessary steps under
the Chemical Weapons Convention to make
a formal request for evidence from the
Russian government under Article 9.2
from Russia itself the message remains
consistent speaking before 2 resumes
announcement the Foreign Minister was
characteristically dismissive William
can't stay with MS not a new problem we
will demand the application of
international laws we see no argument
from our part
and without demonstrating concrete facts
they will be responsible for attempting
to deceive the international community
so at the Russian embassy in London
they'll be packing their bags
anglo-russian relations at their lowest
point since the Cold War but even now
Britain needs to keep open some lines of
communication with Moscow on so many
issues from Iran to North Korea Britain
can't afford to ignore Russia the
measures which have been announced here
would have been largely anticipated by
the Russians what would really hurt them
would be further multilateral sanctions
involving other Western countries for
that to happen
Britain needs to convince its allies
that this is not just a bilateral spat
between London and Moscow but an issue
which has the potential to threaten the
security of many Western countries
barnaby Philips al-jazeera Westminster
in central London
