eleven-year-old honey is still learning
how to read and write but already he's
witness thinks no child should ever see
his home was destroyed his teacher
killed when airstrikes hit his school
hey you Ravi
the teacher was standing by the window
she told us she was going to get pens
and paper before she could even go she
was hit in the head
we also heard I'd these type of stories
have become common over the last seven
years the number of people killed in
Syria is rising despite the approval of
de-escalation zones which were meant to
reduce the violence Fatima managed to
leave the violence in eastern Goethe her
daughter and six grandchildren are still
there phone calls helped to keep them
connected even the-- when i talk with my
daughter she tells her youngest boy to
say hello to Grandma but hunger has made
him so weak he doesn't have enough
energy to speak no one really knows
exactly how many civilians have died in
the seven-year war in syria the UN
stopped counting some years back but its
last report said around half a million
people had been killed the number keeps
rising especially with the latest
assaults on eastern Goethe a ceasefire
agreed to last year was meant to protect
civilians but some argue fighters who
support Bashar al-assad's government use
it to gain ground to basically use as
much force as they can these crowded
basements provide some shelter for
besieged Syrians but getting aid and
supplies to them isn't guaranteed they
go through the trash bins children go
looking for leftovers in case someone
left a piece of bread it's easy to spot
destruction in Syria's ruined cities it
sounds still managed to imagine a future
my dream is to become a doctor that way
I can help and cure people the world is
full of bombing and shelling a
seven-year war with no end in sight and
millions anxiously hoping for peaceful
days ahead
katya el pasillo young
Jazira
