the Lifeline is in limbo the refugee
rescue ships been impounded here for a
hundred days the volunteer crews played
a vital role in saving thousands of
lives but the Maltese authorities say
it's being carrying out missions without
a proper license
there is simply no independent
monitoring mechanism the long central
Mediterranean reads actually bear
witness to how many people are drowning
the ship's German captain was in court
on Tuesday he faces a possible prison
sentence proceedings were adjourned
until December this case is all about
the Maltese government wanting to send a
European message to NGOs don't bring
refugees here because they're not
welcome and so they're picking on a
legal technicality to send abroad a
political message with the support of
the Ripon Union this makes me very angry
and if this is Europe I had another
impression from Europe before but just
to build walls and not to work on the
reasons why the people escaped from
their homes this is the wrong way the
lifelines not the only private aid ship
impounded in Malta this is the sea watch
the crew say they're being held in
arbitrary detention all the while more
lives are at risk
on Sunday the Maltese authorities
brought 58 people assure including 18
children and a pregnant woman they were
transferred from another rescue ship the
Aquarius also no longer allowed to
operate it's been stripped of its
licence and ordered to the French port
of Marseilles there are now no more
private rescue ships operating in the
area used for crossings from Libya to
Europe smugglers are setting off from
the coast of Libya an increasingly
flimsy vessels packed full of people
often setting sail without any intention
of making it to shore hoping that
they'll be picked up by boats like these
but now there are fewer and fewer
vessels on the water able and willing to
save lives
graphic Islam was rescued from the
Mediterranean by the Maltese coastguard
the end of a two-and-a-half year journey
from Bangla
- via Libya and you saw these people die
yeah and I see two person die in their
board and unperson jumping in water
- fellow travelers died enroute it's a
journey
many are willing to risk everything for
for the promise of very little their
very survival hangs on help that may not
come leave Barca aljazeera Malta
