rickston listens former boss says the
deal with Iran and other disagreements
was why the US Secretary of State was
fired Trump made a so far unfulfilled
promise to roll back the nuclear deal
with Iran which has allowed an easing of
sanctions the brewing cold war in the
Persian Gulf between Arab nations would
have been a test for any career diplomat
Tillerson led State Department found
itself scaling back comments and at
times contradicting their own president
when members of the Gulf Cooperation
Council decided to isolate Qatar we saw
in the beginning of the Qataris siege by
the four countries last June that the
initial statements that Trump made were
later dropped or quietly reversed
because he didn't know all the facts
about US relations in Qatar and the
region it's clear that the United States
seems to want to resolve the GCC crisis
I think there's no doubt about that
it's also clear that they haven't been
able to use their influence to get that
done with the Kuwaitis so this is very
strange in many ways in recent weeks
more details have emerged on how a
concerted effort was being made from the
Middle East to get rid of Rex Tillerson
this man businessman George Nader has
been questioned about his ties to the
Emirati government and his meetings with
White House officials Nader is reported
to have links with another US
businessman but UAE ties Elliot Brody
according to leaked emails obtained by
the BBC
Brody reportedly lobbied against
Secretary of State Rex Tennyson because
he opposed the blockade against Qatar
Brody wanted Trump to hold secret talks
with the UAE s Crown Prince and throw
his support behind the blockade in
countries Tillerson also disagreed with
the current administration's backing of
the South the government a major weapons
importer he criticized Saudi Arabia for
its meddling in Lebanon and disagreed
with the Saudi position over the ongoing
war in Yemen Tillerson urged Saudi
Arabia in his words to be a bit more
measured and a bit more thoughtful in
its actions the top US diplomat cut
short his trip to African nations and
abruptly returned to Washington this led
to speculation in the US media that
President Trump probably asked Tillison
to step aside while he was a draw
it's been a short tenure with
accusations that Tillerson didn't have
the staff or money to back him up as a
top US diplomat Solomon Javed Panthers
era
