president Trump toured prototypes near
the us-mexico border guided by Border
Protection officials he seemed to like
several of the eight concrete and steel
monoliths he criticized the existing
border barriers as inadequate
attributing enormous physical strength
to migrants but getting over the top is
easy these are like professional
mountain climbers your incredible
climbers they can't climb some of these
walls the on-the-spot inspection came
despite the fact that the long-promised
border wall has not been funded by
Congress nor by Mexico who Trump said
would pay experts estimate the project
could cost twenty billion dollars Trump
also criticized California's Democratic
Governor Jerry Brown done a very poor
job running California they have the
highest taxes in the United States the
place is totally out of control
you have sanctuary cities we have
criminals living in the sanctuary cities
earlier this week Brown invited Trump to
visit other parts of the state saying
California is about building bridges not
walls on his brief visit to San Diego
Trump did not see this small group of
his supporters who gathered a few
kilometers from the wall prototypes it's
not just about keeping people from
Mexico illegally crossing our borders
it's also keeping a lot of other things
out like drugs and even strange odd
things like the exotic animals a much
larger group of Trump opponents rallied
on the grounds of a Catholic Church in
nearby San Ysidro they reject the wall
and the administration's crackdown on
immigrants we're here with the community
to say loud and clear that Trump is and
welcome here and that border communities
don't want a walk California is an
overwhelmingly democratic state with a
large Hispanic population this is
president Trump's first visit to
California since he took office he
describes the state as out of control
but many people here prefer to think of
California as the center of the
anti-trump resistance instead of him
walking
like the wall you should be coming
through the communities and seeing the
citizens and like what way they live you
know getting to know them getting to
understand the way of living you know
what they've been through California
officials have sued the Trump
administration 28 times on issues
ranging from refugee and immigrant
policy to environmental protection
Rob Reynolds al-jazeera San Diego
California
