his was a life of applause and accolades
Stephen Hawking was often treated like a
rock star scientist millions revered him
for his gift of communicating complex
matters to the masses the common man's
genius Hawking decoded some of the most
enigmatic mysteries of the universe its
origins structure and end from Big Bang
to black hole his life was also an
enigma 1963 Hawking was almost 21 and a
student at Cambridge University when he
was diagnosed with ALS a degenerative
motor neuron condition he was given just
two and a half years but went on to live
for more than half a century because
unders were worse off and to get on with
what I still go to I am happier now than
before I developed a condition I am
lucky to be working in theoretical
physics one of the few areas in which
disability is not a serious handicap as
the disease progressed Hawking lost
mobility and had to rely on a wheelchair
his speech then began to slur and an
emergency throat operation robbed him of
his voice but not for long Hawking
turned to a speech synthesizer which
allowed him to select words by moving
the muscles of his cheek it was a
tedious process but one that gave him
the ability to express his pioneering
ideas it also gave the British
cosmologists his trademark American
accent like the Dark Ages Hawking was
respected early on in scientific circles
for helping prove the Big Bang Theory
when the universe burst into existence
14 billion years ago global acclaim came
in 1988 with the release of his book a
brief history of time the introduction
to cosmology was a runaway hit selling
more than 10 million copies and
eventually translated into dozens of
languages Hawking's Fame only magnified
with time a pop-culture figure he
start on shows such as The Simpsons and
Star Trek you are bluffing again Alan
Britt the fur essence in the washing of
I was called by the public fascination
with Hawking culminated in the
blockbuster Hollywood film of his
remarkable life the theory of everything
the universe is expanding if you reverse
time and the University of North Stephen
Hawking devoted his life to seeking
answers to the questions of our
existence and in doing so he helped us
to peer deeper into how our universe
works
