Beshara he is Al Jazeera's senior
political analyst he's joining us from
London I'm wondering what you think
Malcolm's not for the first time all is
not well in Washington DC indeed to say
the least as it were and clearly as the
president has emphasized more than once
he's comfortable with disorder
he likes chaos he said and in so many
ways while he does enjoy functioning in
a disorderly environment the world does
not an American system does not like
disorder if anything the strength of the
American democracy in American
establishment and American foreign
policy is precisely in the fact that it
is an orderly system at work all the
time a will oiled machine as it were but
president Trump clearly likes to
function more as he where as he was or
as he is in his office at Trump Tower in
New York than as a president of the
United States and in that sense he
prefers to have his family close to him
and his closer associates and then his
lawyers and all of them should be at all
for his brilliance and and and great
ideas and looks and and so on so forth
and there should be no disagreement
everyone can walk in and out and suggest
whatever as long as they are allies they
are more than allies they are loyal
admirers of the president well
unfortunately the American system as any
you know self-respecting state or
superpower not to say Empire would like
to function more in the sense of a
combined efforts of a number of talents
number of people who come together with
their different ideas with their
different leanings and specialities and
weigh in on any particular subject and
living it for the present and at the end
of the day to make his mind on this on
that policy so for example we heard from
the president earlier that he
agrees with the Secretary of State or
should I say the former Secretary of
State
Rex sellers on the question of Iran but
that's precisely why he should be in the
room meaning instead of having everyone
in the room from the National Security
Council disagreeing on Iran it's good to
have different voices on whether the
agreement the nuclear event is good or
bad for the United States in order for
the president decide at the end of the
day I'm evaluate if you will the
contribution made to international
affairs by Rex Tillerson many people are
pointing to the fact that he came across
really as a steady pair of hands
somebody who was rational coming from an
administration that often appears to be
the opposite well yeah I heard a good
number of your guests in the earlier
hour or two and clearly there is
disagreement on on the on the balance
sheet if you will of Rex Tillerson his
expertise his mindset and his
contribution to foreign policy but
that's also a good thing because over
the last year the American pundits have
also disagreed over text Ellison so
there are some who consider him to be
you know a former CEO hence he knows how
to handle a big institution like this
like the State Department but that also
makes him not so good at having a boss
like like Donald Trump
you know bossing him around telling him
what to do and so on so forth so being a
CEO of Exxon a you know a conglomerate a
global firm as it were gave him the
knowledge of the world and certainly the
hotspots of the world like the Middle
Eastern and other such places and Russia
and so on but as I said it also put him
at ease with the president that's why he
called the president you know an effing
moron it's because he actually thinks he
knows more than the president he can run
such a big establishment better than the
president but in more specific terms
look at the four or five important
issues right
he certainly been more steady and more
sober than the
then regardless of what we think of him
and his ideology and his petrochemical
past on the question of North Korea he
is the one who pursued systematically
negotiations and talks with the South
Korean in order to advance along with
China some sort of rapprochement with
North Korea leading to direct
negotiations it was at that time that
the president told him not to waste his
time because America would have to
resort to you know power or what or
whatever to dealing wouldn't with the
North Koreans well now the president
clearly wants to meet with the North
Korean leader and accepts diplomacy are
such a sort of Iran again the secular
state was sober while I think the
American president is certainly reckless
when it comes to nuclear proliferation
and so on so forth the same goes with
Russia certainly Qatar the Gulf crisis
also that's what I want to ask you about
next Milan because Rex Tillerson for all
of his stability is sobriety still
failed to get any movement in the Gulf
crisis do you think that an injection of
new blood a new face at the table might
shake things up a bit okay my team I I'm
gonna have to push the boundaries of
political analysis into educated guesses
alright and I'm gonna go on a limit now
and and just share with you my thoughts
and we while in the midst of this chaos
my sense is it's Jared Kushner who
pushed Rex Tillerson out of course we
know from previous weeks and months that
the two men did not get along and that
the Secretary of State thought Jared
Kushner was a backstabbing little shrimp
at the White House who think simply
because of his wife and because he's the
the son-in-law of the president was able
to influence the president have had the
president's ear and hence he basically
continuously backstabbed the Secretariat
and others in in in in the
in the administration and in a sense it
was Jared Kushner working along with the
Emiratis and the Saudis and the Israelis
against Rex Tillerson so much so now
that we know from reports from the
Washington Post the New York Times and
other American publications of the
record if you will that behind the
scenes there were manipulations with
Jared Kushner's and the Emiratis and so
on so forth along with some of their
lobbyists and others to push Rex
Tillerson out to lobby the president to
push the president out and so this also
explains the timing of why firing him
now well it comes before a week before
Mohammed bin Salman the current Prince
of Saudi Arabia will show up in
Washington it comes two weeks before
Mohammed bin Zayed the conference of the
United Arab Emirates will show up in
Washington and a week after Prime
Minister Netanyahu has been in
Washington I think these three men along
with Jared Kushner did not like Rex
Tillerson in the White House
why because I'm sorry at the State
Department because Rex Tillerson did not
eat their propaganda if you will did not
drink their kool-aid on the question of
the Gulf crisis on the question of Qatar
supports for terrorism on the question
of the nuclear deal he simply did not
accept much of this now and this is my
last point on this again right pushing
the boundaries of particular analysis to
to to guessing
I think Garrett Jared Kushner and the
president were not comfortable with the
fact that Rex Tillerson
and Secretary of Defense mattis were
very close that they coordinated
everything before they went to the
president the fact that the three
generals McMaster Kelly and mattis were
close was no secret the fact that they
had a bit of a fallout with McMaster is
no secret but why wasn't McMaster fired
when everyone predicted it so instead
Rex Tillerson was fired well it is
because I think Jared Kushner and his
father-in-law were not comfortable with
the fact that the two strongest cabinet
positions Rex Tillerson and
and general mattis were so close and
coordinate so well so now that has been
imploding if you will that had you know
by throwing Rex Tillerson out by
bringing Pompeo in and by the way just
just for our viewers around the world
it's very important to note that while
Pompeii was not the most experienced
diplomat he is a very very smart man he
was a very smart businessman he did join
West Point he did go to Harvard
University he was the editor of the
Harvard Law Review like former President
Obama he was announcement for a long
time so you're stealing my students man
you are stealing my thunder not for the
first time I won but thank you very much
as always pushing the boundaries Thank
You mo on
