one artist in Washington has built her
own wall to highlight the face his fears
and faith of America's Muslim immigrants
in 2017 I started collecting ID photos
of Muslim immigrants in my immediate
community and the project started
because I really wanted to explore the
psychological toll the human toll of
unjust policies that not only are about
racial profiling but also politicizing
of identities I asked people in my
community my family my friends for their
ID photos soon after I started the
project people began refusing they said
they're terrified a lot of people told
me they were afraid of being recognized
they didn't want their photo out there
because they're scared of being a victim
of a violent hate crime as the Muslim
ban went into effect and you kept
hearing about people Muslim Americans
people who were permanent residents here
and travelers being detained at airports
I felt stronger about using the ID photo
because at that point I saw it as a
political symbol and in this case it
became something that determined whether
or not you were worthy of being here I
want people to know that the current
political climate is taking a toll on
families and communities on a very
personal individual level I also want to
communicate how unjust policies often
disregard the human told a psychological
toll on individuals I believe in the
catalytic power of art for social change
I believe art allows us to question
authority to rebel to provoke to
Alissa's a certain response and I really
believe that art also allows us to call
for justice this wall is a symbol of
resistance an act of defiance almost but
also a unity solidarity within the
community this wall isn't to separate
the swallows him to keep anyone out this
wall is to do the opposite to represent
to show to engage people
