the British police and military are
still combing all over the town of
Salisbury but they and the government
now believe they have some answers that
circus cripple and his daughter Yulia
were poisoned with a nerve agent
developed by Russia and that leads the
Prime Minister to one of two conclusions
either this was a direct act by the
Russian State against our country or the
Russian government lost control of it's
potentially catastrophic ly damaging
nerve agent and allowed it to get into
the hands of others she presented the
Russians with an ultimatum we must now
stand ready to take much more extensive
measures mr. speaker on Wednesday we
will consider in detail the response
from the Russian State should there be
no credible response we will conclude
that this action amounts to an unlawful
use of force by the Russian State
against the United Kingdom but from
Russia so far blanket denial Vladimir
Putin's spokesman says Sergei scruple
worked for British intelligence the
incident happened in Britain so it has
nothing to do with Russia
it seems that anglo-russian relations
are bound to get significantly worse now
and the British will be hoping for
international support from European and
NATO allies as they seek to put pressure
on Moscow but what measures can Britain
take that will really be felt in the
Kremlin diplomatic expulsion
sanctions against powerful individuals
both seem likely but their impact may be
limited a Russian economy is under
sanction it has adapted to hostile
climate of international relations
British Russia commercial types are not
very great so things of symbolic nature
do not hurt Russia anymore because they
expect for the investigators on the
ground an unusual and unexpected test of
their expertise for Britain itself a
crisis that will test its continuing
stature in the world
Barnaby Phillips al-jazeera London
