series bleeding inside and out two weeks
after agreeing to a ceasefire the
Security Council learned their words
were having little effects for civilians
on the ground in Syria in eastern Goethe
alone according to the UN more than
1,000 have died in recent weeks amid
continued shelling the United States
said it was prepared to offer a second
resolution calling for an immediate end
to all military action in eastern Goethe
and Damascus City the masseter nikki
Haley backed her words with a threat we
support the United Nations political
process that seeks to end the war in
Syria but we also warned any nation that
is determined to impose its will through
chemical attacks and inhuman suffering
most especially the outlaw Syrian regime
the United States remains prepared to
act if we must in the last year as Haley
reminded everyone the u.s. bombed an
airfield in Syria believed to be
associated with a chemical attack
Syria's ally the Russians questioned the
UN source of information saying Syria
continues to act within its rights
quantitative Institutes the
counterterrorism operation which has
continued by the Syrian military is not
in contradiction with resolution 24:01
the government of Syria has every right
to try and remove the threat to the
safety of its citizens the ceasefire
resolution proposed by the United States
would take effect immediately
with no exceptions for groups on the
UN's terrorist list but it would require
Russian support to pass highlighting yet
again the limits of water divided
Security Council can do for the people
of Syria kristen salumi al-jazeera the
United Nations
