spurred to action by the Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School protesters
teenaged students around the United
States planned to walk out of class on
March 14th they're demanding stricter
gun laws and an end to the political
influence of the gun lobby's nya
Ramaswamy is a 13 year old student in
Los Angeles it's the adults making the
laws but it's the kids who are getting
shot and so I feel like the kids are the
ones who should be standing up for
themselves
nya's mother sauce Ramaswamy fully
supports her I have told nya you walk
out if you want to walk out you walk out
and we will deal with it but the
administrators at nya school are
discouraging student protests and
threatening punishment her teacher told
her that if anyone left the classroom at
10:00 a.m. then they would get an
unsatisfactory that they would lose
their privileges like being able to go
to Disneyland with their class other
school districts around the US are
brandishing similar threats for example
in Houston Texas a school district chief
announced he would not allow student
demonstrations for any quote protest or
awareness unquote those threats violate
numerous court rulings upholding
students rights to free speech school
administrators and students and families
need to understand that students cannot
be disciplined any more harshly under
the Constitution than they would be if
they were just missing class or lunch
period so they cannot be disciplined for
protest and they cannot be disciplined
generally for things that they say or
political positions that they take civil
liberties organizations say they'll take
school districts to court if they impose
harsh punishment for non disruptive
student protests nya says threats won't
prevent her from standing up for her
beliefs they're not gonna stop me from
doing this or my friends student
protesters are getting strong support
from top university admission officers
universities including Cal Tech MIT the
University of Massachusetts and others
are all saying that even if high schools
give black marks to their students for
participating in walkouts
it will have no impact
on the likelihood of them being admitted
to those colleges and many universities
are encouraging students to take action
saying they should stand up for what
they believe in
Rob Reynolds al Jazeera Los Angeles
