life in the islands fringing the
Antarctic Peninsula is abundant the
place of seemingly endless variety the
whole region is richly biodiverse a
living example of how things are pretty
much free from the influence of man a
place to breed feed and grow its
pristine oceans full of marine species
including more than a dozen types of
whale but getting to see the astonishing
wildlife here is by no means
straightforward the weather makes
everything a challenge sweat on today
it's gusting 40 to 45 knots we've made
very good progress in the night we're
now back in the antarctic sound hoping
to get to Hope Bay which is where
there's an Argentine research station so
we want to visit that there's also a
colony of about a hundred thousands of
daily penguins and then by radio the
Argentine base says the winds have
become impossibly strong
so our mission is aborted and we have to
wait another 24 hours before making
landfall on penguin island near the
reasonably accessible tip of the
Antarctic Peninsula a colony of
chinstrap penguins share territory with
a large group of fur seals one making
the most of the comfortable feathers of
the molting juveniles of course the
environment where these magnificent
animals is wildlife is living it's
incredibly fragile and incredibly
delicate and there's all sorts of
threats that they're up against from
climate change to krill fishing and then
of course there's this tourism and the
tourists come here the islands close to
King George in their masses sama
prepared to pay top dollar to have the
Antarctic experience there are some
pressures that come from tourism so in
the background we have a 200-person tour
ship the number of tourists coming down
here and say at the beginning of the
2000s was somewhere around four or five
thousand a year we're now over 30,000
people a year two days later we arrived
at Hana point on the southern edge of
Livingstone Island here another colony
of chinstrap penguins healthy and in
good shape they overlooked a group of
Gentoo penguins
there's the distinctive beak of the
southern giant petrel and it's young
there are elephant seals all different
species side-by-side on a grand scale
but across the continent the pressures
are building it's crazy
passive of change and at the moment
colonies like this one seem to be doing
okay but all it takes is one bad year
and we saw that in the East Antarctic
last year a penguin colony collapsed on
your two chicks born and and so the pace
of change is so quick we don't want to
add additional threats things like
fishing which is gradually expanding
Antarctica is still in pretty good shape
but it's apparent this unique landscape
needs to be very carefully managed as
multiple threats begin to loom on the
horizon Nick Clark al Jazeera Antarctica
