it's an image for the history books
former fuck rebel commander even markets
legally voting and running for office in
Colombia I did not think that this would
happen so soon but we must recognize one
thing that this is thanks to the peace
agreement signed in Havana a momentous
event all of us Colombians hoped for but
not everybody in the country agrees the
peace deal guarantees the FARC party 10
seats in Congress even a few Colombians
actually voted for them and the peace
deal still profoundly divides voters
four candidates were pelted with
tomatoes and rocks at campaign events
unfortunately our country is deeply
polarized trying to repudiate violence a
lot of people end up acting violently
people have the right to protest but we
should do it exclusively through voting
this legislative election set the stage
for the upcoming presidential race in
may results show a strengthening of
right-wing parties that opposed the
peace deal
Colombians also voted for two primaries
on the right even do care of the
democratic center party of former
President Alvaro Uribe easily one
attracting over three and a half million
votes
damos pompey's can we vote for a country
where there is no class-based hate but
rather Brotherhood we vote for a country
that has development and that no
productive sector is persecuted we vote
for a social agenda the permits us to
close the poverty gap to end poverty we
vote for hope
while Gustavo Pedro a controversial but
very popular former mayor of Bogota and
former guerrilla fighter of the m-19
movement was the expected winner on the
Left yet the right-wing primary
attracted almost double the number of
voters despite the tensions this was
probably the most peaceful election day
in the country's history with former
FARC rebels taking part in it and still
active ELN rebels observing a ceasefire
yet it also proves the deep resentment
any Colombians feel towards the FARC and
establishment politicians the results
seem to show that the most hardline
conservative have a clear shot at the
presidency putting at risk the already
fragile peace agreement
Allison Aaron PhD al Jazeera Bogota
