for three weeks the Syrian army's bombs
have fallen on Eastern gooda while its
troops have moved in eating into rebel
territory the Syrian Arab army continued
their operations in eastern Goethe
successfully day by day other areas in
vast spaces of eastern Goethe are
secured in the last week rebel-held
territory shrank and splittin - with
syrian state media saying the army had
completely surrounded the town of duma
now those same government forces have
reportedly carved their way even further
into opposition territory splintering
the rebel-held territory into three the
bombardment has been relentless and
indiscriminate monitors and activists
say more than eleven hundred people have
died since the government offensive
began the Syrian civil defense accuses
government forces of using chlorine gas
phosphorus bombs and napalm US defense
secretary James mattis warns Syria
against using chemical weapons situation
here in eastern guitar very very awful
and miserable
another rebel-held area feeling the bite
of Syrian government advances is Edlund
the largest chunk of Syrian territory
currently held by the opposition this
footage shows Russian and Syrian
government jets striking the central
bank in Eid Lib city sir in government
supporters said it was the command
center for the group in charge of adlib
hyatt today al sham an opposition tweet
described it as the base for syrian
rescue teams many areas in the province
are being targeted al Jazeera Arabic
skoura spawned and Adam Abu Hussein
witnessed the bombardment of the town of
beneath among their targets were these
residential areas several people were
killed others wounded
civil defense units have been trying to
get people out from underneath the
rubble
there have been global calls for a
ceasefire in Syria but Syria and Russia
have paid little mind to the outcry it's
a familiar government strategy
intense unrelenting bombardment designed
to weaken and ultimately divide the
rebel-held region and this strategy
appears to be working but at an enormous
human cost million a hond al-jazeera
