families enjoying a pizza drinkers
socializing in the pub hundreds of
people may have been unknowingly
contaminated as a consequence of the UK
spike poisoning the revelation of traces
of toxic nerve agent have been found at
both zzs and the mill pub in Salisbury
have brought a startling message from
the UK's top health Lord riser I am
confident that this has not harmed the
health of anyone who was in the mill pub
or tzatzi's restaurant however some
people are concerned that prolonged
long-term exposure to these substances
may over weeks and particularly months
give rise to health problems the advice
is to machine wash clothes use baby
wipes to clean any personal items such
as phones and items which can't be
washed should be securely bagged and
sealed the authorities insist the risk
is minimal but caution is essential the
trail of nerve agent contamination is
being followed backward from the park
bench where sergey skripnikov elapsed
the former Spice house is also sealed
off for forensic examination and
specialist officers have even been
examining the cemetery where mr.
skippers wife is buried among several
priorities for police are the questions
of how and where scribble and his
daughter came into contact with the
nerve agent had they already been
contaminated by the time they visited
zzs in the mill or were the traces of
toxin found at those locations left by
whoever was trying to kill them in 2006
when former KGB dissident Alexander
Litvinenko was murdered by Russian
agents using radioactive polonium the
killer's left a trail of radioactivity
at several locations in London
unfortunately it happened again it means
something was not done and a lesson was
received after murder of my husband was
not learned Sergei scribble and his
daughter remain critically ill in
hospital 21 other people have also been
treated for possible exposure but the
instruction for hundreds of people to
cleanse themselves of possible
contamination is a worrying escalation
Paul Brennan al-jazeera
