the outcry for stricter gun laws in
America has perhaps never been louder or
more emotional this makes me sick
millions of children are rationally
preparing for student slaughter and this
is normalized we cannot allow our nation
to go along with this any longer
how many more times how many more
children are gonna need to be
slaughtered the names have become an
international shorthand for mass
shootings in America Littleton Colorado
Virginia Tech Orlando's pulse nightclub
Sandy Hook and now parkland Florida but
little has changed since last month
school massacre there this hearing by
Senate Democrats is unofficial the
Republicans who controlled both houses
of Congress are holding no hearings on
guns
President Obama hugged me and wouldn't
let go until I could catch my breath and
stop crying it's different this time
because people are taking it personally
he said but it wasn't different at
weekend gun shows across the u.s. guns
are easily bought with or without
background checks and the appetite for
weapon seems insatiable just try to find
a parking spot of this one in Virginia
one reason background checks are such a
point of contention is what's called the
gun show loophole while licensed firearm
dealers need to do background checks on
buyers any individual can sell to any
other individual as long as they don't
have reason to believe that person is
prohibited from owning a firearm and gun
shows are where they meet even many gun
aficionados are willing to support some
change like mandatory background checks
for all gun buyers absolutely absolutely
the state of Florida has passed modest
changes banning the bump stocks that
turned semi-automatic weapons into
automatics raising the minimum age to
buy a gun 221 setting a three day
waiting period in arming school
employees but on Capitol Hill the Senate
has moved on to banking reform leaving
all proposals for new gun restrictions
on the shelf
John Hendren al Jazeera Dale City
Virginia
