verse eight university attracts some of
the most able and ambitious students in
the occupied West Bank and what's
noticeable on this most prestigious
Palestinian campus is how many of them
are female
Natalie Salome is in a fourth year
studying civil engineering and business
she says she dreams of a career in the
field and in academia but is all too
aware of the realities of the
Palestinian job market I think I have
like a good chance but not the best not
because of my academics or my GPA it's
because of the type of beneath or nature
of this working environment the
situation at Burnside reflects a wider
premium that's been put on female
education in Palestinian society more
than 62% of the current students are
women the problem for them is what
happens when they graduate Palestinian
women are some of the region's best
educated 13% have a university degree
compared to 9% of men but only 19
percent of women are in or seeking work
that compares to 25% in the Middle East
and North Africa and 51 percent in the
world as a whole Palestinian society is
certainly patriarchal women often face
pressure to marry young and stay at home
there's also political and cultural
pressure in favour of having large
families the Palestinian fertility rate
is among the region's highest but
economist Samia Albert mayor says the
critical difference from the rest of the
region is the impact of the Israeli
occupation in the Palestinian context
Israel has worked very hard since 1967
on undermining the productive capacity
of the Palestinian economy that is
undermining agriculture and
manufacturing these are the sectors that
employ women agriculture has long been a
mainstay of female employment especially
here in the village of dear balute where
the women say it's rare to spot a man in
the fields but these days it's just as
rare to find a woman under 45 they might
think that other jobs are better it's
easier to sit at the desk than work the
land
we've lost lands to confiscation and
we've lost our mountains to settlements
if disarmed has six daughters she says
education has been crucial to their
upbringing but the two who've already
graduated University are both unemployed
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera in the occupied
West Bank
