a surprise public show of unity that has
caught many of their supporters of God
president to holiness and opposition
leader in Lord Indra have agreed to bury
their political hatchet after two
acrimonious presidential elections last
year that led to the deaths of many
people and walk swearing-in of reloading
as the people's president his refusal to
recognize the legitimacy of Canada's
presidency and the government harsh
reaction to a dingus swearing in
cracking down on the media and
opposition now that to say all that is
behind them we have come to a common
understanding and understanding that
this country of Kenya is greater than
any one individual and that for this
country to come together leaders must
come together leaders must be able to
discuss their differences leaders must
be able to discuss freely and openly
what ails our country
what is the reason and the cause and
fiction's many opposition supporters
want to know what really was discussed
behind closed doors electro justice that
Odinga has been so passionate about the
credibility of the presidential election
and what about justice to the many
people who died in the election or dinga
maintains that what he and the president
have done is provided leadership no two
kingdoms agree on the origins of the
differences and what they pretend
millions of our children continued to be
born and married into these differences
people are dying out of these
differences my brother and myself have
therefore come together today to say
this dissent stops here this meeting
appears to have been perfectly timed to
coincide with the visit of the US
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the US
has been critical of both sides and how
they've handled
the political situation Kenyatta and
Odinga perhaps want to show that all is
well now they want to move the country
forward and help heal deep ethnic
divisions Tillison met with the
president when he arrived we shared our
concerns during our discussions with the
president about the importance of
democratic institutions and Kenya as a
leading democracy in Africa we believe
that there are actions that need to be
taken in Kenya and that they need to
correct certain actions like shutting
down TV stations and threatening the
independence of the courts they also
discussed economic ties between the u.s.
and Kenya and the fight against
terrorism in the region
Catherine sorry al-jazeera Nairobi Kenya
