broken hearts in yet another American
town shocked by devastating violence
this time at that Florida high school on
Valentine's Day these survivors of the
deadly school shooting in Florida say
they're turning their anger into action
never again that's the Browning crime
scene adult politicians have been
playing around while my generation has
been losing our lives hello I'm Richard
gisbert and you're at the listening post
here are some of the media stories we've
been tracking this week the teenage
survivors of the latest us school
shooting have brought the skills of a
new media age to America's debate over
gun control freedom of the press in
Eritrea is virtually non-existent by
trying to tell the story from afar radio
antenna has become part of it the
Egyptian authorities tend to disapprove
of the foreign news media and the latest
case of that involves the BBC usually we
start by covering the news coverage of a
story that's still breaking sometimes
though it's worth waiting for a story to
play out then examining what's been
reported in the aftermath that school
shooting in Florida happened more than
three weeks ago 17 dead 14 of them
students unlike some previous school
shootings in the US the survivors did
not shy away from the cameras they went
looking for them
the teenagers used the plentiful air
time they got to push for tougher gun
control laws and they found themselves
taking on not just politicians but one
of the most potent lobby groups around
the National Rifle Association the NRA
and as the attention of the mainstream
news media turned elsewhere as it always
does the argument goes on the students
along with gun control advocates
slugging it out with the NRA and its
backers our starting point this week is
the media space in which most of this
fight is now being waged online
I'm a mom and just like millions of
other women that's why I own guns NRA TV
isn't necessarily hugely popular crap
fight this violence of Lies with a
clenched fist but when they do put out a
message fighting for every inch of our
freedom it is so good we demand freedom
to defend our families i watch those
videos but by the end of it I'm like I
need to go get me a gun right that's the
idea NRA TV wants more Americans to buy
guns it goes after those who stand in
their way
and that the channel would have you
believe includes the US mainstream news
media the mainstream media love mashing
knees this video posted seven days after
the massacre in Florida did not target
politicians or activists advocating gun
control it was devoted in its entirety
to the way the news media covered the
issue the mainstream media just put out
the casting call for the next mass
shooter
well as a conservative who has spent
much of my career contending the liberal
mainstream news media in this country I
think that philosophically the NRA is
right to do it now do they overdo it
probably so tragedy is their business
model mainly because when you don't like
the message you attack the messenger to
those who stain honest reporting with
partisanship it plays very well it is
red-meat to the conservative base that's
in the NRA s interest to convince their
user base that the mainstream media
can't be trusted the hatred the
pettiness the faith
we are done with your agenda to
undermine voters will because if their
users mistrust the mainstream media
they're going to be more likely to
listen to NRA as a source for their news
the first mass school shooting of the
modern era in Columbine Colorado took
place in 1999 since then the set peace
coverage has developed along lines like
these the mainstream media provide
initial wall-to-wall reporting while
endeavoring they promise to respect the
wishes of the bereaved the identity of
the perpetrator is revealed their social
media accounts scoured for motives and
ideologies the gun control debate rises
to the top of the news agenda
temporarily and American legislators
scores if you accept donations from the
NRA offered tweeted thoughts and prayers
as opposed to meaningful change as the
story recedes from you this time around
however there were some wildcards in the
minutes surviving students who through
their savvy communication skills and
social media accounts made their voices
heard and drove the news coverage in a
way that no one at Columbine could back
in the day these are students that were
raised with the expectation that a mass
shooting could happen to them they have
watched other shootings happen on TV
they have grown up with this as a real
possibility in a way that in 1999 was
not the case so they responded in a much
different way is something that they
have studied and thought about so when
it happened to them they were ready to
speak and they were prepared to speak
the kids nowadays have practice in
performing to wider audiences we call
they on social media constantly they
know exactly how to talk to wider
audiences exactly how much they have to
be informed in order to talk to wider
audiences so it's something that most of
us don't actually know how to do and I
think that played a huge part in this I
mean these kids at the end of the day
that the shooting happened had already
mobilized an entire movement and that's
something that we've never seen before
we've certainly seen people
I think eight for gun control and no
stronger regulatory measures in the past
but to have it done so outspokenly by
survivors in such an immediate way has
it really happened students the students
propelled themselves into a position of
prominence and landed on a national
stage a CNN Town Hall debate on the
issue of gun control critics on the
right
accused CNN of exploiting the students
saying the time was not right the wounds
were still too fresh to talk about gun
control an argument somewhat akin to
saying that after a terror attack news
outlets should not discuss national
security CNN
doing the television Town Hall and
providing a forum for the students was
absolutely not exploitation I really am
bothered by the notion that students
advocating for their own right to safety
in the school is exploitation senator
Rubio can you tell me right now that you
will not accept a single donation from
the NRA it was a staggering moment of
television where you had politicians who
take NRA money like Marco Rubio and you
had the NRA spokesperson dana loesch
actually have to face student survivors
in real time on television conspiracy
theories born on the internet one of
which suggested some of the students
were imposters actors infiltrating the
story made their way onto mainstream
right-wing outlets like Fox News and the
allegation has been that they are in
some way in contact with organized
anti-gun groups in the exploitation by
the liberal media outright fraud on the
part of some students conspiracy
theories were offered on the both part
of the students power is
that they are young that they
experienced this firsthand it gives them
a moral authority and the best way to
undercut that is by undermining their
credibility there's been all kinds of
conspiracy theories they've doctored
yearbooks to make it seem like the
students don't actually go to Marjory
Stoneman Douglas high school that they
go to another school there was a theory
floated that one of the students David
Hogg was actually a 26 year old felon
from California and this narrative made
it onto Fox News in fact this narrative
made it onto fox news several times to
the point that other outlets like CNN
and MSNBC had to talk about this
conspiracy these people saying this is
absolutely disturbing and I'm not an
actor in any sense way shape or form
I would say if you're able to make it on
to the three biggest cable networks and
nets in US television your conspiracy
theory is highly wildly successful now
this is just crazy it's absolutely nuts
there's no logic nor evidence to support
it but that unfortunately doesn't seem
to matter in this very strange world
we're now living in because people will
believe whatever they want to believe
and it certainly doesn't matter to the
media outlet who is selling the
conspiracy theory and it was an
indication of just how broken our news
media in this country is especially when
it comes to partisan outlets like Fox
News Channel or others that try to
emulate being Fox News Channel on the
Internet
so where does the story go from here
probably no when it does what all school
shooting stories have done with NRA TV
chipping away at the credibility of the
liberal media broadcast conspiracy
theorists selling their wares in the
right-wing bubble and a little help from
Fox News and a few others the story just
fades away their social media skills and
powers of persuasion served the students
well extending the story's lifespan and
likely changing the template of the
coverage of such tragedies in the future
what they haven't changed is the outcome
maybe next time we're discussing other
media stories that are on our radar
today with one of our producers Flo
Phillips Flo late last month a
journalist in Slovakia Yan qudsiya was
shot dead along with his fiancee what
kind of work had he been doing cushy AK
was investigating the influence of the
Italian mafia in Slovakia and it's
alleged ties to people close to the
prime minister there Robert Foucault
could see AK had been working on the
expose for his own online publication
actuality SK and although he was killed
before the article was finished it was
actually published posthumously this is
the first killing of a journalist in
Slovakia since it became an independent
country in 1993 so what kind of impact
has it had their seismic last week
thousands of slow backs marched across
25 cities carrying banners that read an
attack on journalists is an attack on
all of us now
Foucault has made no secret of his
contempt for journalists in the past
calling them dirty anti Slovak whores
and slimy snakes
he's clearly feeling the heat on this
case though offering a 1 million euro
reward for anyone who comes forward with
information about the killings and this
is not a case to be viewed in isolation
is it definitely not this is the second
time in just six months
a journalist has been murdered inside
Europe's borders last year Daphna Cara
Juana Galicia a Maltese investigative
journalist was killed by a car bomb
she too was working on stories about
corruption and mafia now the other story
that you've been looking at involves the
BBC's coverage of the troubled state of
human rights in Egypt and the serious
ramifications that came out of one
particular report at the end of February
the BBC which is actually one of the few
international news outlets that still
has a bureau in Egypt at a piece by its
Cairo correspondent all of Gareth it's
as if the revolution has been erased and
along with it the hope had brought it
was part of a series detailing stories
of torture and of people being
disappeared allegedly by the state and
with the presidential election coming up
this report has not gone down well with
the authorities in Egypt hazards not at
all in that BBC report there was an
interview with a mother who talks about
her daughter who she said had been
forcibly disappeared it didn't take long
for Amla Adeeb one of the most prominent
talk-show hosts in the country to find
the daughter and put her on the air
where she denied her mother's
allegations then dear rush one the head
of Egypt's State Information Service the
SIS pulled into a deeds show : why not
wonder that Obama or one mother one way
of putting the hair in the SIS then
issued a long statement critical of
Garon questioning her integrity and
calling for a boycott of the BBC it's
not the only example of Egyptian
authorities teaming up with the media
there to discredit the coverage of the
country by foreign news outlets and I'm
sure it won't be the last
okay thanks Flo every year the French
media watchdog group reporters without
borders ranks countries in its index on
press freedom Eritrea has consistently
been the worst of the worst until this
past year when it rose by just one place
above North Korea there is only
state-run media operating within the
country so many eretrians rely on a news
outlet operating in exile radio ivenna
is based in France with journalists
across Europe and beams its way home via
satellite and shortwave the station has
come to inadvertently provide a lifeline
for
the thousands of refugees fleeing
Eritrea every month many are kidnapped
along the way by human traffickers and
held for ransom for them Radio Arena
plays two roles one part news source one
part hostage negotiator before we show
you this report know this we tried to
talk to air train officials to get their
side of this story and they weren't
interested the listening posts Nick Muir
had now in the state of the media in
Eritrea and radio antennae the news
outlet on the outside trying to make a
difference
this is Marin estefania's she is a human
rights activist and a journalist at
Radio Erina on her show forces of
Eritrean refugees esta farness
highlights the plight of those who have
fled her home country and in doing so
she's become a big part of those doors
hello hello hi
the one that just called me his two
children who are 12 and 13 got kidnapped
in Sudan and he's being asked for
$10,000 and this is a newly arrived
refugee himself that have no money so I
was trying to convince him it's okay you
know call my friend I said use a number
she will help you
to understand why Eritrean refugees call
a journalist in Sweden when their loved
ones are held for ransom in North Africa
you start with the story of air travel
after a thirty year war of independence
with Ethiopia the new President desires
of wacky who has now been in power for
26 years
chose not to hold elections but keep the
country on a war footing in 2001 he shut
down all privately owned news outlets
and began expelling foreign
correspondents until nan were left in
the country all that remained was state
media news outlets that toe the
government line so there is only one
government newspaper one TV station one
a decision all run by the states and
journalists of lost hoarding the
government didn't have any freedom to
express already Amharic so the me that
basically portrays as if the country is
progressing well as well everybody knows
that the country is like reducing again
when the Arab Spring was happening the
urgent state TV like none of the urchin
state media was reporting what was going
on in Trisha in Egypt in Libya
I don't know been watching the day that
Mubarak was ousted I start watching the
state TV the whole day thinking will get
you say something was never missions so
the people are very ignorant they do not
discuss real issues that happens in that
country any meaningful journalism on
Eritrea tends to happen from outside of
the country which is why we can Paris
it's where radio Aaron is headquartered
it was set up in 2009 by a group of
exiled journalists who used to work for
state media now from the safety of
France they can cover issues like
immigration national service and the
Constitution radio erina was set up with
financial assistance from the media
watchdog group reporters with our
borders
according to research conducted by the
media Development Group Deutsche Welle
academia it is now the second most
listened to radio station in Eritrea
behind only the state broadcaster our
first target is people urger
of course we broadcast by a satellite in
shortwave inside Eritrea the only
channel you get is the government media
of course the Al Jazeera CNN BBC other
media's you can find them on the
satellite channels but not in in their
own language not in in in Tigrinya we
also stream online for our trends
outside the country which is our second
target audience most of the news that
really are in a broadcasts are not
covered by the local media
it helps confirmed the rumors in town by
doing interviews or by getting access
from other sources
that's how it just become like life
Lampton home and the desperate air trap
reduces an estimated 5,000 refugees a
month for many radio erina is their
primary source of information and can
mean the difference between life and
death they face different challenges
along the way so radio erener tries to
produce coverage that will help them at
every stage we kind of put them in three
different categories for those who are
inside the refugee camps we try to
explain the hardship the danger they
face if they try to across to European
countries for those who reach their
destinations we try to give them
information kind of like how to
integrate and try to live a new life for
those who are on the road they do face
the biggest challenge lot of terrible
things happen
eight years ago as radio Erina was
getting started a disturbing trend was
developing along one of the main escape
routes out of Eritrea in the Sudanese
and Egyptian deserts refugees were being
kidnapped by human traffickers and held
for ransom they'd be given a mobile
phone and told to call relatives and beg
for money families that did not pay
would have to listen to their loved ones
being tortured repeatedly as the human
traffickers tried to extort their
ransoms which is where as the farness
comes in as one of the only journalists
covering the story the victims and those
trying to set them free started calling
her for help she became a go-between as
a journalist as the farness would shine
a light on individual cases and as an
activist she would help raise the money
to pay their ransoms which raises the
ongoing debate over whether or not to
pay ransoms but in this case it's hard
to argue the people that I was talking
to on a daily basis kept dying one by
one I felt helpless I did not have that
kind of money and then I talked her they
were a group of 29 28 men one woman
younger woman who was 18 at that time
and her story really touched me and now
everybody was saying we understand like
you cannot raise money for 29 people but
can you at least save this girl because
for them it was too much to see their
sister that traveled with them was being
raped done great in front of everybody
but they said please help her she
doesn't have anybody she comes from a
very poor family so that kind of
motivated me to raise money so I did not
use ready or not but social media saying
the girl that you heard in my program
isn't this kind of position so let's do
something what sets the Eritrean
refugees story apart is that they are
not fleeing a war but the byproduct of
mandatory national service was
introduced to rebuild the country of the
Eritrea's war with Ethiopia the terms
are meant to be 18 months per to the
calling to Amnesty International that
can be indefinite often lasting decades
and our our form of forced labor which
the government denies but most Eritrean
refugees will tell you it's why they
fled the country two years ago the EU
quadrupled its foreign aid to Eritrea to
237 million dollars to keep refugees are
a Europe the money came with the vague
provider that Eritrea would improve its
track record on human rights however
when a France 24 crew was gone to drer
access to the country it managed to
share through an unscheduled stop on its
guided tour that the practice of
indefinite national service continues
there's no limit we're not paid they
don't give us anything it's the military
service there are trains to listen to
radio erener will know the horrors that
await them if they flee the country but
still they choose to leave which should
tell you all you need to know about life
inside Eritrea but despite that this
journalist is asking them to stay
migration is not the solution fleeing is
not it's not gonna change anything
I strongly believe that and so I try to
talk as much about these issues about
the kidnapping so that people don't even
attempt like whatever is making you
happy try to change it in your country
but if you flee this is what will happen
to you so discouraging people from
fleeing from Eritrea this is one of the
things that I fight for inside Eritrea
people are afraid of talking and there
is mistrust between colleagues neighbors
friends what we created as people start
to talk what they hear about
airchair from from our radio so if you
start talking about some issues then
you're building trust I think it has a
lot of impact in this area finally going
back to that BBC report that we touched
on earlier on human rights violations in
Egypt when the disappeared daughter
turned up on Amara a Deeb's program she
became part of his diatribe against the
BBC but the BBC is not the only
international news organization to come
under attack by figures in the Egyptian
media we'll leave you now with some of a
Deeb's shenanigans along with a few
other examples of the kind of routine
discrediting of foreign news outlets
that Egyptians can see on their airwaves
weekend and week out we'll see you next
time here at the listening test
Lucas advisor Hakuna Matata
Andina whoo Autobahn de la Madrid cuneta
truth
el hey Wilma Dora who are goo in the BBC
be moderate ha Alma Ted in elements of
haggis led to dr. Dahlia
hurry Cambria but the York Times and
Gomorrah say the Tempe divid metric
almost as happy
David Patrick them on good form us Anna
battery battery called a syllabus se
trans image engineer in Albania good
order here mean get abetted here to say
I'm an actor new project no pasaran
Reuters and Harbach fabricate rubber
when eyeball fabricate Harbor Chia ie
Callum Otomo's harloff edenia anabolic
left vahanam Akira well I would be happy
at the end palace in that Stewart in
Mohini apart kinetic zero
Jonnie Jonnie also food be a hernia to
the cabin
