when the Islamic State of Iraq and the
Levant was trying to carve out its own
Caliphate four years ago its members
destroyed thousands of Christian and
Muslim relics and monuments ISIL also
stole some of Iraq's in Syria's most
prized ancient artifacts but Dominican
friar Najib mikail
managed to pack these rare manuscripts
and sixteenth century books and smuggled
them out of ISIL battlegrounds Kurdish
Peshmerga fighters helped carry them to
the safety of Iraqi Kurdistan patois
babi Sierra Sevilla with the help of
small cars we saved these archives and
especially some manuscripts belonging to
the convent and Church of the Dominicans
and the Mosul archives important letters
and files that date back 250 to 300
years Father Najib and other Dominican
priests rescued a veritable treasure
trove of religious documents and moved
them to Erbil oriental manuscript
digitization center the center was
established in 1990 by Dominican friars
the same religious order that set up
Iraq's first printing house in 1897 the
monks brought the equipment to the
region through the desert and on the
backs of camels now the Friars are using
high-tech equipment to scan manuscripts
recovered from churches and villages
Cuomo him in fact all the archives are
important because they reflect the roots
of a civilization and that is why the
Islamic state group is trying to
eradicate and destroy the heritage and
archaeological sites to erase everything
that existed before the introduction of
this presumed Islamic state Father Najib
is also training more helpers who will
ensure digital copies are preserved for
posterity and the originals returned to
their owners Paul Chatterjee on al
Jazeera
