when we win we are bringing steel back
that message helped Donald Trump become
the first Republican presidential
candidate since 1988 to take
Pennsylvania but just a few weeks ago at
this union hall in the state's Mon
Valley Steel Workers told us
Trump's lack of action suggested he was
no different to all the other
politicians who'd promised them
protection were still flatline like not
Amin since the election I'm not sure
that he believes anything other didn't
you know money yeah for the top that's
what I see in it now Trump has delivered
and though there's widespread opposition
to the tariffs in Washington on Wall
Street and among the US as trading
partners there is relief elsewhere
unions and progressives have long said
the US needs to decide whether to fight
unfair international trading practices
and save the US industrial base and the
service industries that supply it from
extinction you've got to start someplace
if we allow our manufacturing industries
to be just stolen by other countries
we're gonna at the end of the day we
left with an economy of hamburger
flippers when george w bush imposed
steel tariffs in 2002 the economic cost
was negligible according to a US
government study and loss of some thirty
million dollars a year and thousands of
Steel droves did return but there were
also job losses in other industries
those calling for a rebalancing of
international trade now accept this but
argue tariffs are just a starting point
in negotiations which will have wider
benefits over time these trade balances
are threatening to destabilize not just
steel aluminum but in fact broad sectors
of the economy not just in the US but in
other countries as well
areas like the Mon Valley risk becoming
yet another US industrial wasteland
without support and no one really knows
why Donald Trump decided to ignore his
corporate backers who up until now have
been very satisfied with their huge tax
windfalls
and the scaling back of regulation or
whether he's truly committed to fighting
for manufacturing workers and has a
comprehensive plan
to do so but for now the president has
kept a key campaign promise that helped
him secure the White House she a Breton
see al Jazeera
