a South Korean delegation delivered
Pyongyang's invitation to president
Trump during a visit to the White House
he expressed his eagerness to meet
President Trump as soon as possible
president Trump appreciated the briefing
and said he would meet Kim jong-un by
May to achieve prominent Hindu
polarization North Korea has carried out
six nuclear tests under Kim jong-un
since he took power seven years ago in
January of 2016 it announced the
successful testing of its first hydrogen
bomb and in November North Korea
announced it had tested a new long-range
missile armed with a nuclear warhead
capable of reaching the US mainland the
growing nuclear threat caused a global
outrage on tough sanctions were imposed
against the north Trump and Kim jong-un
have exchanged a war of words for months
last summer Trump warned North Korea
against making any threats or it will be
met with what he said fire and fury he
then said he would totally destroy North
Korea and called Kim a rocket man at the
United Nations in September
Kim responded by calling Trump mentally
deranged the storyline changed when the
two Koreas came together last month at
the Winter Olympics hosted by the south
a spokesman for South Korea and
president moon Jay said if Trump and Kim
met it would be a breakthrough non-book
song sang hih de Maio we believe if the
two of them meet after the North Korea
South Korea summit it could set the
course for a total denuclearization on
the Korean Peninsula and the meeting in
May between Kim and Trump will be a
historic moment
for the Peace of the Korean Peninsula
analysts say the meeting would be a big
step forward but first it has to take
place called chatterjee on al Jazeera
