a buildup event to boost support for the
Paralympics games that often struggle in
the shadow of the more popular Olympics
they follow but amid the Olympic
goodwill generated between North and
South Korea
these Winter Paralympics have an added
political dimension I tell you that I
think the North and South are one nation
and we should be united one day I see it
as a positive move as a Korean national
just as we saw a very successful Winter
Olympics I believe we will see another
equally successful Paralympics
South Korea's Paralympians are being
joined by a small team from North Korea
a chance to help closer relations while
supporting the development of sports for
athletes with disabilities the
conditions for Paralympics in the
Northeast heart we want to help develop
the sports and we hope that these
Paralympics can play a positive role in
reunification the men's para ice hockey
team is one of South Korea's medal hopes
the subject of a feature length
documentary released to coincide with
the games
lots of people look at us with pity but
we hope they just see us as athletes and
also as inspirational role models
overcoming challenges and adversity one
of the team members is a defector from
North Korea now wearing South Korean
colors Choi kwangseok had his leg
amputated when he fell from the train
he'd been clinging to there are some
people who wish for a reunification and
some who don't I personally wanted
I wish all those who were hurt because
of the division can be healed the games
organizers say ticket sales are beating
expectations pointing to increased
interest in spite of the hype it took
time for South Koreans to get behind
their Winter Olympics but once they did
no one it seems was more enthusiastic
the hope is that same passion will now
carry through to support the Paralympics
and if they help north-south relations
say the game supporters Koreans will be
the winners even before the first medals
have been awarded rob mcbride al jazeera
Pyeongchang South Korea
