the assault on Easterns hooter is
intensifying pro-government forces have
pushed deep inside the besieged and
clave rebels are finding it increasingly
difficult to hold their ground there has
been heavy shelling extreme levels of
bombardment to help ground troops
advance are not spared over 900 people
have been killed in nearly three weeks
of what many describe as one if not the
fiercest military campaigns of the
Syrian war medical workers reported yet
another chlorine gas attack the
government denied the claims and blamed
what it called desperate rebels for
distorting facts but videos appeared to
show victims struggling to breathe
yesterday and most horrific night ever
they they used the phosphorus in a bomb
and cluster bombs and chlorine gas our
our teams was in panic situation because
it's it's like 2013 when the Assad
regime used the chemical weapons on a
boat on the remaining aid supplies that
were not offloaded on Monday because of
the shelling we're supposed to reach the
besieged population on Thursday but
according to the International Committee
of the Red Cross the conditions on the
ground did not allow that sources have
told us that the Russian government and
the rebel factions in eastern hooda are
holding negotiations over a withdrawal
it may involve Jaysh al-islam one of the
main rebel factions leaving to rebel
controlled territories in the southern
province of Dera the other main faction
Fela kellerman will leave two areas
under the control of Turkey backed
rebels in the north of the country al
Jazeera also understands that
international humanitarian organizations
are meeting to prepare for what could be
a mass evacuation even though that is
not what the hundreds of thousands of
people in Eastern Huda say they want
doesn't matter take a look I swear by
God I will never leave our country I'll
stay here till death look at the
destruction around you they are asking
foreign countries to help them get rid
of us this is inhumane and unethical
you are kidding children and displacing
people you are displacing the people of
your own country why that has been part
of the ceasefire deals reached in the
past an effective surrender rebels their
families and civilians who are either
afraid of arrest or who don't want to
return to government areas have little
choice but to leave bust out to other
rebel controlled areas that is what the
pro-government Alliance wants to happen
in eastern huhta it's the deal on the
table if it's not accepted it has made
it clear it will push for an all-out
military victory Zenica dar al jazeera
Beirut
