violence mainly against the Muslim
community spread to other parts of candy
district on Wednesday Fanning the flames
of hatred suspicion and fear I don't
know what happened my shop was attacked
and my stock of tobacco was burnt this
businessman was in shock when al-jazeera
found him trying to salvage whatever is
left of his stores in Category da it was
attacked and set on fire in broad
daylight arson attacks - not far away in
the town of a Khurana witnesses say a
single E's Buddhist crowd broke into
Muslim owned shops
soon after the curfew started looted
goods and set fire to them when they
were done more than four days after the
violence started hundreds of military
personnel in place and repeated curfews
to control the situation
the flames are still burning this
shopfront like many other Muslim owned
establishments being attacked just over
an hour before we got here heavily armed
members of the military and police have
been crisscrossing hotspots in the
district but they haven't been able to
stop attacks the riot started after a
single east truck driver died of his
injuries he was reportedly beaten up by
a group of drunken Muslim youths angered
that he didn't allow them to overtake
his vehicle while most of the violence
is directed at Muslims Singh Holies are
targets - this Buddhist temple was
vandalized and a single is youth living
nearby is reported to have died when an
explosive device was thrown at his house
police told Al Jazeera they are still
counting the number of dead and injured
the spread of violence prompted police
to declare 24-hour curfew in kandy
district and appeal to everyone to stay
in their homes many scramble to get back
home after the surprise announcement
other stocked up on food and fuel the
rush started off the 24-hour curfew was
announced police have warned at the
seven-day state of emergency declared by
President Maithripala Sirisena on
Tuesday allows police and the military
to arrest anyone causing communal
tension which can mean a 20-year prison
center
if convicted the Telecom Regulatory
Commission has blocked access to social
media and messaging platforms in a bid
to control what it calls the spread of
misinformation local and international
observers are urging police to bring the
crisis under control take immediate
action against anyone causing violence
victims are hoping that happens as soon
as possible Meena Fernandez al Jazeera a
corona central Sri Lanka
