giorgia Nader has ties with the Trump
campaign and leaders of the United Arab
Emirates and now Robert Muller the
Special Counsel investigating potential
Russian collusion with the Trump
campaign according to the New York Times
FBI agents picked him up in January at
Dulles Airport and since then he's been
cooperating giving important details
about a meeting at a fancy hotel in the
Seychelles where he allegedly met with
this man Kirill demetria who just after
the election told the American media he
was excited about Trump's win we are
very impressed with president-elect
Trump's position is that he wants to
have good cooperation with Russia also
at the meeting Eric Prince the founder
of black water and big backer of the
Trump campaign Prince dismissed the
meeting in testimony to a congressional
committee saying under oath that he was
summoned to the Seychelles to meet with
Emirati leader Mohammed bin Zayed and
they just happened to mention there was
an interesting Russian he should meet he
testified that he met Dimitri ah've at a
bar after he googled his picture
testifying he didn't realize the fund he
ran was under US sanctions or that he
was close to the Russian president
because he said that would have used a
lot of data on his phone and that would
have been expensive Prince testified
that quote there was no other US
officials there he said he and Dimitri
have just talked about general business
things over beer and prince complained
to Congress saying quote if there's all
this rightful concern if there was
actual collusion between the campaign
and the Russian government this meeting
didn't happen until almost two months
more than two months after the election
so if there was all this collusion why
would there even need to be any other
follow-up meetings so I don't get that
timeline wise attorney Melanie Sloan
believes pence lied to Congress a crime
in the US and she disputes his claim the
whole reason the Russians wanted Trump
to win was because they wanted to get
things it wasn't just to see Trump
installed and they could walk away and
go on their merry way it was because
they were looking to improve Russia's
relationship with the United States and
probably they probably have very
ambitious goals out of that and so they
would continue to make efforts to work
with the Trump folks to get what they
want
Muller is also looking into a meeting
after the
bin zayed apparently broke protocol by
not informing the Obama administration
before heading to a meeting at Trump
Tower the New York Times says Muller has
been asking witnesses about the
possibility that through Nader the UAE
funneled money from the Emiratis to the
president's campaign that would be a
serious crime for those who give or
receive it all involved have denied
wrongdoing Patti Colleen al Jazeera
Washington
