Civil Defence volunteers are appealing
to the UN Security Council to make this
stop they are calling what is happening
in eastern hota a bloodbath rescuers are
responding to cries from underneath the
rubble in this case from a child get me
out of here this boy says he survived
but at least 800 Syrians many of them
women and children have already been
killed in almost three weeks of
relentless airstrikes and bombardment
throughout the besieged and clay and
jota we are the free people of Eastern
woopa we want to freedom and the
downfall of this murderous regime which
has committed ugly crimes against the
people there are no extremists and
terrorists here they are the ones who
are killing children God willing we will
remain steadfast the pro-government
Alliance is pushing ahead with its air
and ground assault
they have reportedly sent reinforcements
hundreds of soldiers to join the battle
rebels have lost territory but remain
defiant one of the main factions racial
Islam says the people and the fighters
in eastern huhta will defend their land
the faction is also denying negotiating
a withdrawal proposed by the Russian
military the Russian Defense Ministry
says some groups in eastern huhta are
ready to accept the amnesty offer and
leave with their families the ministry
did not name those groups and so far
none have expressed readiness to leave
even eastern bhutas civilians have not
taken up the Russian offer to evacuate
many of them are afraid to cross into
government-controlled a territory and
many are afraid of permanent
displacement Western nations have
criticized the attacks on the densely
populated opposition-held territory but
they have done little to stop them the
United Nations yet again using strong
words against the Syrian government and
its backer Russia this month it is
Eastern water which is in the words of
the
general hell on earth next month or the
month after it will be somewhere else
where people face an apocalypse an
apocalypse intended planned and executed
by individuals within the government
apparently with the full backing of some
of their foreign supporters it is urgent
to reverse this catastrophic course and
to refer Syria to the International
Criminal Court hundreds of thousands of
Syrians are trapped in a war zone many
are on the move as pro-government units
advanced further into the enclaves
the central town of miserable is the
next target government forces are
approaching the town from the east and
the West just a few kilometers of
territory is separating those forces
capturing mastaba will cut the enclaves
in half making it more difficult for
rebels to defend their territory XANA
Hodor al jazeera Beirut
