out of a crisis comes opportunity and
for 23 year old Abdullah it's this a new
machine to make egg cartons made from
recycled paper it can produce as many as
a hundred thousand of them a day
meaning Abdullah will be able to meet a
boom in local egg production since the
blockade after the Gulf crisis we lost
our all our main customers because they
are mainly from Saudi Arabia Bahrain and
UAE but we never gave up on our business
and we continued searching another new
way to run our factory and so why he
owns the only paper recycling Factory in
Qatar which has four times as many
customers since the blockade started in
June and the factory exports 80% of its
recycled paper to the likes of China Sri
Lanka and Amman and plans on expanding
water is added to this and it turns into
pulp it's been pressed and dried on this
machine here the whole process takes 30
seconds to end up with recycled paper
but the water used is also recycled
which means the very little is wasted
costs are reduced and the speed that it
takes means the company can deliver it
boosting orders since the blockade of
this on time more than 3000 new
businesses have opened in Qatar since
the Gulf crisis spurred on by a sense of
national pride and a need to rely less
on imports the Emir of Qatar is keen to
implement self sufficiency
as soon as possible we didn't actually
feel the blockade except the high prices
of of some some raw material the
challenges of the blockades are
continuing but Qatar Development Bank
says it has enough resources to support
startups and entrepreneurs we take it
from the idea stage up until access to
funding and
the investment access to markets and how
we can take them globally later on back
in the paper recycling Factory
the owner says a lack of trees and Qatar
helps teach the younger generation the
importance of recycling and how the Gulf
crisis has helped him turn the wheel of
fortune from one man's trash to another
man's treasure Saira hydrat al Jazeera
Doha
