Sara Leone Civil War and there 15 years
ago but fears of violence remain these
women are campaigning for a peaceful
vote for them the violent clashes seen
during electioneering are a major
concern others nationwide are cautiously
optimistic mohammed khmer attracts five
kilometers from home to this newspaper
stand every day
the businessman scans newspaper
classified adverts for work he says he's
made up his mind on a particular
candidate who he believes can turn
things around
but everyone shares his confidence you
have had so many promises when they call
me power different things she says she's
going to vote anyway youth unemployment
in Sierra Leone is more than 70 percent
many voters here expect the next
president to find a way to quickly
create jobs something that's not going
to be easy at a time when the prices of
the country's key exports have slumped
while some feel that leaders have lost
touch with the people others who whoever
becomes president would be a change for
the better
Hamid Idris al Jazeera Freetown
