these cows are pregnant when they have
their carbs most of the male ones will
be fattened then slaughtered for beef
this week signing of the comprehensive
and progressive agreement the
trans-pacific partnership or CP TPP
trade deal means import tariffs and
Australian beef will fall that will
impact where different cuts of those
calves go the kidneys and the livers and
the hearts and things like that could
end up in in Asia somewhere in Japan for
sure the hard might end up somewhere
else up there there's a possibility that
that animal could end up in it could be
well traveled could turn into a pretty
good tourist poor thing Simpsons wife
lobbies for the agriculture industry
years of work seemed to have paid off in
2016 after 12 countries agreed in
principle to an initial TPP agreement in
the huge emotional roller coaster
happened Donald Trump comes in suddenly
you know expectations squashed but then
CP TPP between all the initial
signatories except the United States
grows out of the TPP's ashes and for
Australian agriculture it may be better
than the initial deal for Australian
farmers the new trans-pacific
partnership without the United States is
the best of both worlds increased demand
for their exports through tariff
reduction without a big competitor on
the supply side representatives of
agricultural industries can hardly hide
their delight now we would never laugh
we face a number of common challenges be
that harmonization of trading to other
markets so we're more closely aligned
and then people might think however in
the case of TPP 11 we certainly weren't
disappointed not to have them at the
table from a grains perspective for
Australia's economy as a whole it's more
complicated the New Deal is projected to
raise Australia's GDP by nought point
five percent by 2030 the initial one
including the United States would have
risen it by nought point six percent and
having the u.s. in the deal might have
led to other bigger benefits the whole
point of the TPP was always to attract
more men
within the asia-pacific region into the
grouping and as you attract more members
the market excess benefits of course
start to grow the u.s. again still the
largest the world's largest economy
having it in the TPP would make the TPP
as a free trade agreement a much more
attractive proposition in other words
these cows female calves calves could
have ended up in countries not yet part
of any deal that now looks less likely
Andrew Thomas al-jazeera prema on
Thursday Wayne hey reports from Vietnam
a country expected to be one of the big
winners from the new trade deal we'll
also have full coverage of the signing
ceremony in Chile that's on Thursday
here on al-jazeera
