Mohammed bin Salman is visiting London
and he wants everyone to know about it
adverts like these have been placed
across the capital portraying the crown
prince is a friend of Britain a
reformist who's changing his kingdom for
the better the British government is
rolling out the red carpet for MBS as
he's known in what's the 32 year olds
first official visit to the UK since
being appointed heir apparent Britain is
Saudis second most important partner for
arms sales and security with British
companies selling billions of dollars
worth of military equipment to the
Saudis the UK government which is
preparing for a post brexit economy aims
to boost the amount of trade in other
sectors - it's why Prime Minister to
resume and foreign secretary Boris
Johnson have both visited the Saudi
capital recently Mays government says
it's in the UK's interest to do more
business with the Saudis and to have an
even closer relationship with Riyadh
critics are opposed to that and there's
major opposition to bin Salman visit as
well as how Britain has cozied up to the
Saudis opponents accused the Saudis of
killing thousands of civilians in Yemen
as well as committing widespread human
rights abuses at home the leader of the
opposition Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn
has called for a halt in all weapons
sales with several other members of
Parliament's also against MBS his visit
I think most people in this country and
many parliamentarians probably majority
of parliamentarians do not welcome this
this despot in this country and - you
know given the state visit like this -
given an audience with our head of state
I think sends all the wrong signals it's
legitimizing an illegitimate regime a
despotic regime and we need to do better
Britain needs to do better at a media
conference by the Stop the War Coalition
organizers announced a protest outside
the Prime Minister's home in Downing
Street they want to send the message to
bin Salman and his hosts that despite
the PR campaign portraying him as a
reformist they believe the Saudi regime
is an oppressive one the argument about
reform the
I'm in bin Salman is a reformers he's
spin and the most superficial spin at
that I mean it is one of the most
backward one of the most undemocratic
one of the most brutal regimes in the
whole world and at that level there's a
very strong argument for saying that he
shouldn't be shouldn't be coming
anywhere near Britain aside from meeting
Britain's Queen Elizabeth and political
leaders the crown prince in his
delegation which includes several
government ministers is due to me the
head of the Bank of England and business
leaders as well
current Saudi trade with the UK is
estimated at around eight billion
dollars a year the British government is
expecting the Saudis to increase that
ten billion dollars annually Mohammed
bin Salman will receive a warm welcome
at Downing streets by a British prime
minister in need of money as she
struggles with brexit negotiations but
across the road protesters will gather
amongst them several members of
Parliament's to denounce the visit they
believe the ideals and principles of
freedom and human rights should not be
forsaken no matter how much the Saudis
are willing to invest in the UK's
economy jamal al Chaya al Jazeera London
