you song you is having a good afternoon
he reckons he'll have made around ten
dollars by the end of it
he collects discarded clothes plastic
and scrap metal anything he can sell to
recyclers you shows me his home a room
measuring just over five square meters
the rents a hundred dollars a month to
economize the electric heater stays off
which means it's as cold inside as out a
dangerous mesh of exposed wiring loops
around the room he was outside where
there's also a public toilet
my father had to share this bed with me
last summer my children also visited
five of us have to live in this tiny
room some of us have to sleep under the
floor can you imagine five people
squeeze in this room he came to Beijing
almost ten years ago because there was
no work in his home province of Shandong
his wife two daughters and a son are all
in other cities he sees them just once a
year my first daughter and my second
daughter are both in college now the
reason I'm working here is to save money
for their education last a Chinese New
Year I didn't go home because I didn't
have enough money he's not bitter about
his life and accepts it's his choice to
live this way poverty in China is
defined as anyone living on around 360
US dollars a year you makes 12 times
that but in Beijing costs are much
higher than elsewhere
his future though is now uncertain in
recent weeks the homes of tens of
thousands of migrant workers have been
demolished on the grounds they violated
safety codes for years China's rural
poor have been encouraged to move into
the big cities but here in Beijing
officials now want to cap the population
at 23 million and that's why so many
migrant workers are being forced to
leave Neil Neil I don't have any pension
or medical care I have to look after
myself no one really cares about you to
be honest and never thought about my
future China's economic transformation
has for now passed him by down the road
there's a new shopping mall and
apartment complex aimed at Beijing's
permanent residents a world that U is
unlikely to ever know Adrian Brown al
Jazeera Beijing
