there's an army of desperate Street kids
selling whatever they can in a daily
battle for survival it's not just the
bombs and bullets that kill in
Afghanistan but poverty and hunger too
the young work wherever they can
mostly for a pittance there are hundreds
of thousands of them most with no hope
of an education these children at the
internationally supported Oceania
orphanage in Kabul are more fortunate
they are a mix of street kids orphans
and those abandoned by desperate parents
Afghanistan is officially one of the
worst countries to be born in it has
high infant and child mortality rates it
has high rates of child sexual and
physical abuse but it has one of the
lowest literacy rates in the developing
world it's estimated more than six
million children don't go to school yet
education brings hope I want to be a
doctor in the future so I can help
people in Afghanistan I want to be a
policewoman so I can kill ISIL serve the
country arrest thieves and stop suicide
bombers their chances are slim
40% of young Afghans are unemployed what
jobs there are tend to be obtained
through nepotism or bribes it's led to
an exodus of the country's educated
elite a trend president Ghani is trying
to reverse with a new strategy simply
put it's aimed at replacing the old with
the new
he started a Youth Parliament offering
them a bigger role in the future young
sorry
nowadays they are really educated and
they are open-minded and they have very
good ideas that they can build this
country again toward peace and a
sustainable prosperity and peace and in
their policy the clear out of the old
has also hit the security forces many
senior officers have enjoyed cushy
positions and high salaries up to the
age of 70 and beyond hundreds have now
been sacked as part of the us-backed
initiative Chaka Khan was a colonel in
intelligence and says he risked his life
many times in a 40 year career he's
angry at being thrown out with a small
pension
and warns of potentially dangerous
consequences well i'ma get myself a dad
but I will work for the government has
been honest however there's a
possibility that some could be recruited
by the enemy for money because of our
knowledge of the government that could
help the opposition for the 70,000
street kids and underage workers of
Kabul their only aim is to get enough
every day to eat elsewhere it would be a
tragedy here it is what passes for
normality it's all Afghanistan's
children no and they make the best of
what they've got
Tony Berkeley al Jazeera Kabul
