a two-day March every step taking these
Hema tribes people further away from
their enemies the lenders tribal
violence has pushed tens of thousands to
leave their villages seeking safety in
the provincial capital
witnesses say six villagers were raised
by the rival lender tribe over the
weekend they say linda's went house to
house killing Hamer's before burning
their homes UNICEF says more than 46,000
children are on the run he got mm the
vicuna lenders are chasing us from our
village with their arrows guns machetes
and deadly weapons if you're not able to
run they kill you
many people were killed I'm only alive
because I was able to run away we left
so many dead bodies in the bush where we
were hiding now they're hiding in Borneo
next to the main hospital more than
60,000 people have set up camp here and
less than a month many more are sleeping
with host families in the town and
sheltering and schools and churches over
two years some 200-thousand people have
fled their homes scared of lenda hema
clashes we don't see peace in our region
even in the presence of the government
we don't feel safe because we're
suffering and dying from insecurity as
women we don't have peace at all this is
how we're running by leaving everything
behind burned by militias hema our
cattle herders lenders our farmers their
long-standing enemies who often fight
over who owns what land they first
clashed in 1972 before it escalated with
tens of thousands killed in the early
2000s the conflict symud on but this is
an escalation not seen in years
DRC's Minister of the Interior visited
the area on Monday he said to provide
solutions to the upsurge and insecurity
bahama youths don't trust the government
they say the Army has left the front
line leaving Bonilla vulnerable to
attack they want guns to defend
themselves or they have is bamboo
Charlotte Dallas al-jazeera
