my dear friends in this part of my
speech I will also be talking about what
happened in in Saudi Arabia's consulate
in Istanbul it is not definite he was
killed in in the concept of Saudi Arabia
and I'd like to a comprehensive
assessment on this first of all I wish
thermal collector rest in peace and his
family and his his countrymen and also
to the media I hope he will rest in
peace
but first of all I'd like to refresh
your memories a little bit on this first
of all
Jermel consider first of September at
11:15
he arrived at Sood Arabia's Istanbul
Consul General for him to sort out this
is a marriage paperwork and it seems to
me that at the time they started the
plan they started to draw a roadmap for
his murder from that time on and some of
the officials in consulate left Turkey
and hurriedly went to went to Saudi
Arabia this also indicates that they
went to sue they're able to complete the
plan work planned murder of Jamarcus
objective so 1633 people came with a
scheduled flight they settle in their
hotel and then they go to Consulate
General of Saudi Arabia and Istanbul and
and also some people they go and have a
look around in Belgrade forestry and
yellower and another team of three
people they came to Istanbul with
another
scheduled flight and and nine people a
team of nine people came to Turkey in a
private jet and they go to another hotel
and they make the team of 15 people all
together and and between 950 and 11
o'clock on that morning they come and
meet in the Consul generals building
inside the building so so first of all
they take up a hard disk in the Consul
Consul General and in the meantime they
receive they make a telephone call the
German consider at 11:50 for him to come
in for his appointment for the paperwork
that he wanted to sort out
so at 1308 hours
Jamal keshavjee enters the consulate
building of course his fiancee is with
him but from that moment that moment on
there was no news from him anymore in
the end even 1750 hours his fiancee
informs to authorities in in Istanbul
that his fiancee German country had been
might have been detained in the Consul
General so fancy makes a fiance makes an
application to the authorities in
Istanbul and following this the
investigation begins and when they check
the security cameras then it is it
become definite that the American ship
did not leave the concert consulate so
because of diplomatic immunity we
couldn't do anything initially to go
into the building this now has become a
metal for discussion so and what kind of
steps can host country can take in
similar situations for the future this
is going to be discussed there on a
separate
on a separate as a separate matter
intelligence units have also come into
scene and they started to investigate by
this matter widely together with the
chief prosecutor's office in Istanbul so
the deeper the investigation was is gone
we seem to we have found further details
from the next day of the murder 15 Saudi
security personnel and forensic
personnel have came to Turkey from South
from Saudi Arabia and and some of them
on some of them K some of them left
later in the afternoon some of them at
2250 the 15 team of 15 people left
Turkey in the same day with different
planes who appear to look like
Jamarcus eg in the same night he left
Turkey and went back to went back to
Saudi Arabia so so everyone who was in
the council might have been responsible
for the murder of Jamal Khan she was let
out from the building for them to leave
the country so first of all as you as
you all know Saudi authorities have
rejected the idea of
Jamarcus to be murdered so on on the 6th
of October the Consul General invited
the Reuters reporter and showed showed
inside the council and as he was making
fun of the Reuters reporters he was open
in the cupboards and showing him look he
is not here he is not there he is what
he's not here basically so so our
prosecutor continued their work and
extended their work and the longer they
work the more evidence they found
and also our interior ministry has been
in touch with the prosecutors as well
constantly and also 11th of a team of
saudis came into our country to carry
out a joint investigation on this matter
but ultimately the team that arrived
from Saudi Arabia on the 11th of October
they said that table are lost her Koosh
authorities to go into the consulate of
course we had to had we had to ask
certain questions and we needed to
search for the answers to those
questions of course as you all know this
incident had taken place in Istanbul and
we are they they are the people in
authority so we have the right to ask
and find out the answers to these
questions that we had so of course when
this procedure extended in the way it
has of course this attracted the
attention of other countries around the
world and we clearly said that we are
not going to let this go silently and we
are not going to accuse anybody
unnecessarily so that's why we waited
patiently to see what our investigations
what forensic experts find out as a
result of their investigation so I
telephone conversations with King Salman
of Saudi Arabia and I told them but what
we have found and and the indications
that are available
I also with him expressed our decision
to have a joint team to work together
and I spoke about that one I received
the Saudi delegation sent by the king of
San Arabia to Turkey
you know the Consul General of San Reba
hasn't accepted that and I have said
that this councilor is not very well
qualified to behave in a proper way in
these situations and I have said that to
King Salman bin Abdulaziz during our
phone call one day later the counselor
was has left his job and went back to
Saudi Arabia on October in the building
of the consulate an investigation has
taken place and on the 19th which means
70s day 17 days after the crime that has
been committed at the councilor and then
Saudi Arabia has confirmed officially
that Jamel keshavjee has been killed in
the building of the consulate he was
killed they said after a brawl and the
building of the councillor and at the
same time we spoke to King Salman bin
Abdulaziz has said but this time another
phone call and 18 people suspected
people have been arrested to be involved
in this case
eighteen people on the list and we found
15 of these people came to Istanbul and
three working in the consulate these
development were very important because
they confirmed the crime and salary we
have said that I also had a phone call
with the American president you Donald
Trump on the 21st of October and we have
agreed to work and to exceed the efforts
in order to know the consequences of
this crime and this issue we have
administered this period according to
the seriousness of the country and
according to the international
principles and international laws and
according to the Turkish laws we have
been targeted on all the media outlets
and we know those who were and are
behind these media campaign but whatever
they have done we will go on with our
effort to find the facts
no one will prevent us from finding the
facts a killing crime this white being
in the consulate building that is
considered Saudi terrorists but let's
not forget that this building is within
the borders of Turkey the Republic of
Turkey
the Vienna agreement and the
international subsequent and never
prevent investigations under any
circumstance or under the immunity
things so in this regard we will do our
work
we'll continue our investigation we need
not to forget that Jamel Hadji who is a
Saudi citizen as an international well
known journalist and he is well known
everywhere and this is another thing
that necessitates attention to this
crime in Turkey we will follow up this
case because it's spiritual case a human
case and the world is quite interested
in this case up to the moment the
evidence confirmed that Sergey has been
brutally killed and this brutality will
harm and hurt the human conscience in a
severe way let me tell you that the
Saudi authorities have taken an
important step confirming the crime the
killing and now we ask the Saudi
authorities to work hard to reveal the
names of those involved from bottom to
ceiling because everyone has to be known
to be involved in such a crime this
client has been planned and we have
evidence that confirmed that these crime
has been planned according to the
information that we have there are also
questions that is in every mind why
those 15 people gathered in Istanbul on
the day
where they have committed the crime we
need an answer to this question why have
they came to Istanbul according to
instructions given to them by whom we
need to know why they have opened the
consulate for an investigation and
started an interrogation not on the day
of the accident of the killing but days
later why these contradictory statements
about the killing about the case where
is the body of Jamel Hachioji no one
knows until now there is a claim that
the body of Turkey has been given to a
local person I am asking who is that
local person
because shrinky Saladin Busey no one is
talking about this local person they
just said a local person and someone has
said that it is a local person you need
to reveal the name of this local person
we need to know and no one is allowed to
think that this case will come to an end
without answering all these questions
information in the hands of the security
and intelligence people he stressed that
and confirmed that this case has been
planned - and all these matters will be
put into consideration and will be put
in mind all the way through any attempt
to accuse this or that our security
people or intelligence people if they
are named this will be good for us and
for the international community our
consciousness conscious will be okay
when these matters are revealed I don't
question the credibility at all of the
custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King
Salman bin Abdulaziz and undoubtedly he
will do whatever takes a comprehensive
investigation that takes time and an
investigation by an independent team
that will work with injustice if there
is a crime there must be perpetrators
and we need to know those who are
involved in any country who have taken
part in this
crime and this is what has to be done
according to the Islamic sharia and the
international laws and the laws of the
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia we are he one to
do whatever it takes within the law I
had every one of the two holy mosques
King Salman bin Abdulaziz to do what it
takes because the crime has taken place
in Istanbul and we need to know I
propose to file a suit again it's those
people the eighteen people who have
taken part in this crime in Istanbul
this is just my proposal and everything
has taken place here in Istanbul so we
have to do something dear brothers and
sisters another topic I want to talk to
you about in our agenda today as you
know 15 seen a coup d'etat and the new
era has started in every domain
including politics the sort of political
cooperation that is very vital in
combating terrorism through this
cooperation
we have reached a fruitful agreement
within the Parliament and they on the
16th of April the referendum and
elections that have taken place after
that the people has been always there
there are some pivotal matters like the
establishment of the Republic of Turkey
Turkish Republic and there are other
things that all politicians have to
follow in reality the ruling Justice and
Development a Kay and all the political
parties have their own viewpoints but we
can not agree on everything but when it
comes to the pardon it's a decision that
has to be through the Supreme Court we
try to express these points in a very
constructive way and method we defend
our policies massively but we will never
accept any humiliation we will never
accept anyone to be humiliated we cannot
tolerate any humiliation in our country
when they spoke about pardoning the
prisoners I have issued my orders to
carry on investigation about this and
their results we're saying that this
matter will hurt the conscience of our
people and I have tried to say that a No
very optimistic towards these samples
and these models and undoubtedly the
state the country can pardon grimes
again is the country of the state but
crimes against the people against
individuals cannot be pardoned there
we've been listening to turkish
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan
addressing an AK Party meeting in the
parliament there in Ankara he was giving
detailed accounts in his speech to his
party of the events surrounding jamal
keshavjee zat killing three weeks ago in
the Saudi Arabian consulate in Istanbul
he detailed some of the investigations
findings he said he is working hard to
pressure the Saudis to reveal everyone
who was involved in that killing Rohan
said he has evidence to confirm that
this was a crime that was plans let's
cross over to Jamal al Chou he's been
listening him from Istanbul he's outside
actually that Saudi consulate building
there in Istanbul Jamar we were promised
by Edwin that he would reveal the naked
truth we didn't quite hear that did we
no you can call that a bit anti-climatic
to say the least I mean what I wanted
essentially all he did was wrap up in
one speech the different bits of
information that were leaked out or
released over the span of the past three
weeks so rather than have them all on
their own he collated the more in terms
of telling us about information that
already had been divulged to the press
albeit at least this time it is on the
authority of the presidency maybe that
gives it more weight when he talks about
the 15 man hit squad when he talks about
the fact that this was pre-planned he
says that I think is one of the most
important thing we could actually come
out of this briefing let's call it that
with three very important things I think
from the president's perspective number
one that he made it very clear as far as
he is concerned and his
she's concerned that this was a
pre-planned attempt to murder Jamaal
Hajduk she not to kidnap him this wasn't
something that was wrong he said this
was pre-planned and this he gave the
evidence that he felt in the sense that
DeMatha shocked she had gone to the
embassy many days board the consulate
rather many days before that fateful
Tuesday and then during that time there
was agents who were flown in just scout
out different places he'd spoked about
you know van Belgrad those are two
forestation areas where was believed
possibly that parts of Germans body were
disposed of there so the first thing is
that he says it's pre-planned
the second thing is was a very clear
demand he said that the Saudi narrative
in the beginning they rejected anything
to do with Jamal Fatah his disappearance
then they admitted and they said that
the body was given to local
collaborators he said he needs to know
Turkey needs to know who those local
collaborators are so publicly here he's
demanding and saying that the
responsibility for finding the body or
what remains of Jamal coach's body is
squarely on the Saudi authorities and
that was a very important message coming
from the president because not only does
he want to find out where the body is or
the remains are to wrap up this case but
also in the end of the day that would
insinuate that there are criminal
elements here that are willing to
dispose of bodies that obviously from
any law enforcing agency would want to
be aware of their activities in that
country and third and more importantly I
would say probably this is the highlight
of it where he said he believes as
president that's all those 18 suspects
that's how he said they ran that they
rounded up must be extradited to Turkey
to face trials here in Turkey obviously
the Saudi Minister of Justice a couple
of days ago said that they would be
facing Saudi justice however let's say
let's imagine that they will be facing
justice in Saudi Arabia as defendants
they probably would want to have the
justice served here in Saudi because
ultimately the penalty for killing in
Saudi Arabia is the death penalty so for
them to come to Turkey might be better
of them but then again if they are in
Saudi there is a lot of belief that
maybe they would be given just a show
trial a kangaroo one another real one
says that he wants them here and they
will must face Turkish the Turkish
justice system
