a 2016 campaign promise delivered ahead
of the midterm congressional elections
in the United States Donald Trump says
he's negotiated a new trade accord with
Mexico and now with Canada it will be
the most advanced trade deal in the
world with ambitious provisions on the
Digital Economy patents very important
financial services and other areas where
the United States has a strong
competitive advantage Mexico and Canada
have agreed to strong new labor
protections environmental protections
and new protections for intellectual
property so important if approved the
new US Mexico Canada agreement would
preserve a 1.3 trillion dollar trading
zone u.s. dairy farmers will be able to
sell more of their products in Canada
Canada gets to keep a dispute mechanism
to resolve fights with the US over
lumber exports and auto workers in
Mexico will be paid more to produce
parts for the US market that last point
mattered to officials in Ottawa we have
reached an agreement on cars and car
parts inspired by creative Canadian
ideas which as some of you will remember
we put forward in our talks in Montreal
back in January that was a key turning
point in this negotiation the draft
treaty now heads to Parliament in Ottawa
and to Congress in both Washington and
Mexico City we will make sure it does
not contravene the sovereignty of the
people and we will be guarantor of the
Federalist principles that maintain our
Republic analysts say there is a reason
why Canada is joining the deal now it's
economic future what is important is
that we be an attractive place for
foreign companies to invest if if they
fear feel that that their investment in
Canada could be shut off in terms of his
access to the US market by future
tariffs they won't invest here historic
but for now it's worth noting these
three countries have succeeded in
seeing a trade deal they can all accept
rosiland Jordan al-jazeera
Washington
