so the first South Korean officials to
meet Kim since he took power at the end
of 2011 the South Korean president moon
jae-in has sent them in a bid to get
Pyongyang talking to Washington and to
avert conflict Rob McBride has more from
Seoul from Seoul with smiles
South Korea's delegation heads north
hoping to build on the goodwill momentum
generated at the Winter Olympics when a
high-level North Korean delegation
attended the games as guests of South
Korean president moon jaein kim yo-jong
sister of north korean leader kim
jong-un hand-delivered the invitation to
visit pyongyang from her brother south
korea hopes this will be more than just
a courtesy call
most of all I will deliver president
moons firm will and resolve to achieve
the denuclearization on the Korean
Peninsula and create true and permanent
peace meetings between North and South
are rare summit talks were held in 2000
at the height of the so-called sunshine
policy period that brought the two
Koreas closer together then again in
2007 but with North Korea's missile
development and nuclear program
increasing in pace in recent years
relations slumped to their lowest and
most dangerous point for decades for
many people in South Korea just holding
talks is a welcome change to the hostile
rhetoric of the recent past but without
a commitment from North Korea that it's
willing even to discuss giving up its
nuclear arsenal many conservative groups
have condemned these talks as
meaningless farce this visit is meant to
lead to more talks between the two
Koreas that is certainly achievable it's
far less certain this mission can
jump-start talks between North Korea and
a skeptical United States they want a
meeting to lead to denuclearization to
North Korea giving up its nuclear
weapons and North Korea has no intention
of doing that
so there's no likelihood that the United
States and North Korea would be meeting
as a result of this this visit could
move in the long term either to be
important in the search for a negotiated
solution or another false start
in dealing with the North Korean crisis
Bob McBride al-jazeera sold
