the anti-nuclear protesters found their
progress blocked by the police as they
approached the forest site where high
level radioactive waste is scheduled to
be buried in underground bunkers nuclear
power supplies 79 percent of the energy
to the French grid more than any other
country in the world most of the
demonstrators were wearing face masks to
hide their identities but their message
was clear it's a fight that needs to be
global because nuclear waste comes from
all over France from all over Europe we
are just starting a long battle against
the nuclear trash and the world it
represents the protestors moved into the
surrounding fields to try and escape the
police blockade but they were driven
back repeatedly by volleys of tear gas
the radioactive waste will be buried 500
metres underneath these fields in a
complex stretching for 15 square
kilometers the first trains carrying
their highly hazardous cargo won't start
arriving here till 2025 by then it's
estimated the project will have cost the
French taxpayer around 40 billion
dollars so far the police tactics have
proved very successful they've pushed
the demonstrators off the field they
were almost on the brink of the forest
but the use of tear gas has driven them
back onto the road and now they're
surrounded by the police scientists have
been testing the safety of the rock
where the waste will be buried for the
last 10 years it dates back 160 million
years it's hard
almost impermeable rock which allows us
to store radioactive waste in a safe
manner for at least a hundred thousand
years for massimino the police are also
trying to make the area impermeable to
demonstrators last month they cleared a
protest camp set up in the woods above
the area I said here in front of you
very clearly that the state will come
back as many times as needed
and that was certainly the message being
delivered to the demonstrators forced to
retreat in the face of overwhelming
police power but they promise they will
be back
David cheetah al Jazeera Lorraine
