these newly nationalized Doral at
Container Terminal in Djibouti workers
report for duty until last week they
were employees of the UAE own Dubai
ports world which in 2006 who owned a
concession to operate the port for 30
years the port's new leadership is
working hard to manage any fallout from
the government's takeover and also
reassure the workers a new company
called Doral a container terminal
management company is now in charge it's
owned a hundred percent by Djibouti you
the employees are witnessing the making
of history and you are key to a success
the government of Djibouti seized
control of the port saying its contract
with DP world was damaging the country a
statement from the office of the
president said the agreement was
one-sided and compromised the
sovereignty of the nation the movies a
setback for DP world stealth to
political onslaught and such four ports
on the Dead Sea coast but people we
talked to on the streets are happy about
the government's takeover we support the
president's decision
the only took back what belongs to us
all Dubai port was here for a sabotage
they were against the booty developing
at all we're happy with the departure of
Dubai ports there is no point catering
for the interests of those who don't
care about your own just days after the
Djiboutian government cancelled its
agreement with Dubai ports world the
company has signed a deal with the
breakaway republic of Somaliland and
ethiopia one that gives it the majority
stake in the port of Berbera in
Northwest Somalia Somali government has
described the agreement as illegal null
and void and an affront to its
sovereignty there are concerns here that
the 19% stake Ethiopia was awarded in
the Berbera pot deal could deny Djibouti
some much-needed business despite its
small size Djibouti has become an
important player because of its position
on the bubble manned up straight
a crucial shipping lane to Europe from
the Gulf
Asia it has been the gateway tool
unlocked Ethiopia for more than two
decades with most of the hundred million
strong nation's exports and imports
passing through Djibouti officials here
have been quick to downplay the
agreement elaborado with six operational
ports and two others under construction
they say Djibouti is able and willing to
serve the entire African continent and
beyond Mohammed Al Jazeera Djibouti
