two attacks in the heart of Burkina
Faso's capital it happened despite a
regional military offensive that's meant
to prevent such attacks
so is that campaign working for his
further intervention needed this is
inside story
hello and welcome to the program and
Hashima hal bara fighters have once
again targeted Burkina Faso's capital
waka dugu they launched two coordinated
attacks on Friday against the Army's
headquarters and the French Embassy
killing several people injuring dozens
more the government has called it a
terrorist attack Burkina Faso is one of
five regional countries contributing to
a military force called the Sahel g5
along with France it's meant to go after
armed groups including al-qaeda and ISIL
but the attacks against civilians
continue we get to our guests in a
moment but first the support from
Nicholas Hawk in Wagga togu downtown
Wagga dugu on Friday another attack at
the heart of Coquina fascist capital
coordinated and well-planned the targets
the army headquarters the French Embassy
and its cultural center witnesses say
some of the attackers came by taxi
others in a pickup they started shooting
set fire to the truck and continued to
fire there was so much gunfire damage
everywhere
two policemen went nearby the Army
headquarters there was a car with around
four to six people they opened fire
there was an explosion we saw a lot of
shots fired and a lot of smoke and then
people started running eight soldiers
were killed several others wounded and
sent to hospital after an hour long gun
battle Eid attackers were killed by the
armed forces the army continued to comb
the area looking for more attackers that
may be on the loose fighter groups in
the Sahel repeatedly target Burkina Faso
the country's capital is home to a base
for the French special forces deployed
in the Sahel to fight rebel groups
clashes and frequent attacks have led to
tens of thousands of people fleeing the
area fighters regularly attack police
outposts in the north of the country
last year an al-qaeda affiliated group
attacked a Turkish restaurant in Wagga
dugu killing 19 people in 2016 30 people
died in another attack on a hotel in a
restaurant in the city but this is the
most brazen attack so far
these three locations are some of the
most safest and secured in this country
many people here say if they're able to
attack these places then no one is safe
with the death toll likely to rise
Burkina Faso is again in warning in
fearing what could come next
Nikolas honk al-jazeera wakka Doo goo as
we mentioned earlier burkina faso is one
of a handful of countries in the Sahel
region that are battling armed groups
the Sahel g5 force also includes
Mauritania Mali Niger and Chad in
February last year they agreed to set up
a 5,000 strong force to counter threats
that have caused thousands of deaths the
joint force has its headquarters in
central Mali and is backed by France the
US and the EU let's now get the thoughts
of our guests in Paris Marie Rosa billah
wa she is the editor of africa
international joining us on skype from
Dakar Adamo guy former director of
information at Eko us that's the
Economic Community of West African
states and in Johannesburg Martin a wee
senior researcher of the Institute for
Security Studies welcome to you all let
me start by asking miss Maria this we're
talking about attacks targeting French
Embassy and the Army's headquarters is
this likely to raise questions about how
did the attack has managed to get into
highly secured areas you know it's very
difficult I don't think any any country
any government in the world can prevent
totally terrorist attacks to happen but
of course and what you can do is to you
can do your best actually but the most
important things is in the context why
and you see places where there are no
attacks no terrorist attacks because
there's no breeding ground for that I
think this is most most efficient in
combating terrorism and what we've been
seeing
here is that the talks the rhetoric is
mainly barely about military means about
security forces but all the background
is really being ignored and what we see
there are two things here you have the
real breeding ground which is Mali and
there's a spillover effect and the
second thing is that now people start
suspecting the former president Blaise
Compaore a was now in exile in in Cote
d'Ivoire
he's been ousted because he wanted to he
wanted a second third term so and under
his regime there were no security
problems because he has his own system
with all the terrorists around him in in
Mali and Anja on all these jihadist when
they were really threatening Mali and
all of other countries
he had deals with them he managed to
make booking a Faso sort of a safe haven
and it was very frequent to see a famous
terrorist leaders in Wagga you know
being hosted in villas and beautiful
houses so you suggested that former
president the former Burkina Bay
president Blaise Campari is to blame for
this let me share the thoughts of mister
guy in the car I mean we're talking
about this is not the first attack to
target Burkina Faso so we're talking
about security breach are we talking
about accomplices within the military
establishment who paved the way for the
attackers to strike at the very heart of
the military base first of all I have to
bank the allegations somehow linking for
president compared to what has happened
yesterday in Burkina
so I do believe that although it may
have an interest to see that the
government that has succeeded in after
having been for long part of his own
regime the current president used to be
very close to Eve that these people are
not able to manage the security and
economic and democratic conditions of
the country it could be bridged with
that but to jump and start believing
that he may be behind that situation I
don't think it's something that I would
accept I do believe however that what is
happening when has happened yesterday is
yet another example of a lack of
leadership in that country those people
who came to power in the wake up of the
wake of the October 2014 uprising of the
Burkina Faso people I would stick a
stick there by the former president
briscoe power the new people who came
into power like rock macabre and his
legs they have not shown capacity to
lead they have followed somehow the
track of talks of security issue that
has become sexy not really addressing
them very properly and I believe that
this is first of all and lack of
leadership and this has shown in the
places where this attack happened the
headquarters of the army forward please
that's whether people dare to attack ok
indicate that they didn't take property
measures to avoid such kind of attack
mr. anyway I mean with against the
backdrop of this recent attack
isn't there something which is likely to
raise the debate about the need to focus
on countries which have huge political
problems like Burkina Faso instead of
putting the emphasis on the military
option to tackle groups like al-qaeda
and ISIL well I think the recent attack
in Burkina Faso reveals a lot of things
both political social and economic
situation of the country we can always
blame Li
you know in such attacks or core but we
know that even the most powerful
countries have also been targeted you
know in some of the most vulnerable
areas so what I think this attack really
revealed is that you know it shows the
endemic nature of you know these groups
how entrench they are in Burkina Faso
because to plan such an attack you have
to know the area you have to know the
region
you have to know the country the site
and so on and so forth and the the
commando manner with which they carry
out this attack I think is indicative of
you know the knowledge that they have
about the site and the entrenchment of
this cells in Burkina Faso I don't think
that any president if you were to talk
of blessed and power will have been able
to prevent what is happening now the
dynamics in Burkina Faso during the
period of president Blaise compared was
that terrorists were using bikina Faso
as a logistic site as a logistic this
where the way you know reuniting and
planning and carrying carrying out
attacks in order part of the region in
the Sahel mainly Mali and therefore when
the new system came and supported France
contributed troops to the French
deployment the UN deployment in Mali
this groups you know how did not change
their objectives in Burkina Faso which
is not longer to to to to to serve to
just use the the country as a as a
business you know logistic base but also
it's a target miss Marie where does this
military attack leave the g5 force are
they likely to step in and play a role
or do you think that they were born
inefficient unable to cope with the
growing influence of groups like Al
Qaeda and the Islamic Magreb ISIL and
the different groups operating in the
area if you mean that the Sahel g5 is in
a position to stop terrorist attack
then the answer is no and I was in my
early last week there was there were a
conference there on security in sale and
it was very interesting to listen to the
people there where the that the fact
that France actually is in the forefront
of the battle and it's not having its
own agenda because France is not there
for let's say to solve Malian problems
France is there because they believe the
security issue is is a threat to Europe
and to France and that if style keeps on
becoming a dangerous zone where jihadis
can regroup and and spread over it would
be dangerous for them and so you see you
can see president macron coming to Mali
without even stopping over in the
capital Bamako going to go straight to
see the French military and and and take
care of them and and say well my problem
Mike what my concern my concern is my is
the French troops and and and security
in France so and Malian feel
disenfranchised and and you can never
reach any solution with only this gij
lt5 every military option all these
troops will be useless you we say we
know terrorism is asymmetric war we've
been saying therefore you cannot fight
it with yes mister and we also know that
at the basis of all this they are
economic problems social problem people
are poor I was this really problems to
go other saying that we need to eat we
have hunger ok sorry mister mister guy I
mean as Marie was saying this started
with the idea of addressing the root
causes of the problems that the Sarah
region faces which are also quite
a change drought the different ethnic
makeups instability drug trafficking
human trafficking and so on and so forth
but Saturday the g5 is more about a
military option to tackle the military
groups which one should be the top
priority is that the root causes of the
problem or a military option against
these groups I think military option is
just something that you use in my work
we know the policy since Monroe stick
you need for diplomacy to work to have
really a stick in order to bring all the
first people around the table that's one
side of the aspect but unfortunately
even that aspect this g5 doesn't have
enough willpower to address that indeed
the breeding ground in my man is not
just money is also economic and social
problems poverty lack of democratic
dispensation and also of course inequity
there is a tiny minority of people at
the head of the states they are very
read well see where the vast majority is
poor so if you want to address these
problems I think you need to look at
what happened also elsewhere beyond the
Sahel and beyond Africa for instance
there are many parts of the world where
you had this kind of rebellion and they
have been addressed to turn up somehow
take in Peru with the Sandero salumi
knows take the fact recently in Colombia
take in Indonesia during the heart of
the Cold War or you can also take at the
path of the world
even in your island where the current
president of South Africa Simeon Cyril
Ramaphosa mediated the peace between the
knows the people when it was swinging a
miniature and in the path so you need
people to talk to address the issues in
order working to end the military
malfunctioning I get your point mr. a
way I mean the g5
was established last year however it
doesn't have the finances to start its
operation there's a problem when it
comes to the chain of command the
structure of the force it it seems to be
now focusing more on the border
operation instead of coordinating it's
it's its whole mandate do you think that
this force needs to be reinvented for it
to be able to carry out the tasks he
faces I am generally skeptical of any
peacekeeping approach to solve problems
of terrorism so far there is no shining
example to point to the African Union
has deployed several thousands of troops
in Somalia which is a much smaller
country yet they've not been able to
defeat al-shabaab we also know that even
in Mali the UN has deployed several
thousand of troops yet they aren't able
to control the militant so I don't see
where the g5 can really fit in and the
mandate that I saw with the troop level
5000 I think really I don't think that
this is really a force that can make any
serious change if you also look my
problem with the approach to keep speak
peacekeeping it's not that I don't think
it will not work I think that the
peacekeepers today are not trying to
carry out attacks that exist on the
ground I also think that the situation
that they face it's completely different
from the mandate that they have our
sorting that the resources that are
needed to form peacekeeping or
peacekeepers on the ground and not also
there and therefore for us to rush to
deploy a peacekeeping mission which is
not well equipped which is not well
adapted to the situation on the ground
which has no resources and which is also
very limited I think it's really a
suicide mission and I'm really really
advising against you know this peace
keeping deployment in context of
terrorism without appropriate
training miss Murray if you look at the
map of the region you have the Americans
with large drone facilities in Djibouti
and Nazaire the French with our advanced
air power based in Mali in different
parts of the area and then you have the
five regional countries of the Sahel yet
this seems to be something which is
wrong you don't feel like the
coordination is that it stop between all
these different groups are trying to
tackle groups like Al Qaeda and the
Islamic Maghreb or ISIL yeah you know
first of all the the g5 the size g5 is
an initiate in an initiative of France
and that is the first sin and that why
it doesn't work so far
because the members don't have the same
kind of approach and the same kind type
of problems what is happening in the
north of Mali
kamalii which has which now divided into
and you have what is not a problem we
have in Isha for instance many Mali has
been divided into two into two parts and
the north is being controlled by the MN
l a-- and the Tuareg supported by france
because what happened is that when
President Holland Ireland came in in in
January 2013 to rescue Mali being
invaded by jihadist and the top they
stopped them everybody was very happy
but in the aftermath of that they
decided to organize a strong security in
Mali first they never did that they did
a a fundraising which broke like 1
billion and something nobody knows where
that money went through Malian radius to
try it mr. mr. guy I mean if you look at
this situation are you not a nations
panel of experts
that was established to tackle the to
implement the 2015 sees a peace
agreement in Mali blames the government
and all the parties for delaying the
implementation of the deal so we're
talking about political problems that as
Marie mentioned that need to be solved
first of all before you move forward to
tackle issues like ISIL and al Qaeda
absolutely but first of all before you
blame the African leadership you should
blame those expense of the United
Nations they're useless they're just
living out of terrorism tourism
traveling across Africa these days and
talking about terrorism and peacekeeping
operations justifying their ways of
having this ice tile lifestyle so that's
a big problem that we'll each other's
first I've not met in the conversation
for instance the names of ECOWAS for
instance which is for God's sake the
regional bodies that should be
addressing those issues we are not
African Union here in the discussion and
beyond all mrs. Mary mentioned earlier
the Pearce role of France in the loss of
money Phoenicians that has allowed all
these things to continue the reality is
that she has not told is that France is
trying to have a control over the a
Sabath region the northern part of money
where it seems their huge deposit of
utter carbon and other natural resources
so those problems need to be addressed
we needs a frank discussion we need to
put money on the table by African people
to show that this is a serious issue I
believe in the wake of this attack for
instance there should be at least an
echo was summit not another talking shop
but a place where they decide to commit
money to addressing these things and
also bringing to the table the people
that are making this thing because at
the end of the day is the different
factions that have money I see a point
let me go to mr. um say we've listened
to what miss miss Marie and mr. guy was
saying basically if we
the need for the Africans to step in
particularly the African you it has a
peace and security council we should
referee such problems why the Africans
don't show strong will to help solve
this problem well I think it's how you
measure the level of extent of that will
I wouldn't use such a strong word that
there is no political will I think the
political will is there but it's what
comes with that political will the kind
of commitment the support if you are
looking at it from the financial
perspective you will see that then there
are some who even say there is no
political will but if you look at what
the African Union has done for example
you know they they have tried to bring
the countries together to really
strengthen the Intelligence Sharing
which I think was a good thing to
recognize the fact that to combat or and
defeat terrorism you need to start with
intelligence and you end with
intelligence and in my view I think the
g5 troops should all be intelligence
agents you know we don't need troops on
the ground we need people who can share
intelligence if we had good intelligence
I think this attack will have been
detected and it will have been
intercepted but because of the absence
of robust intelligence I said we always
have attacks of this nature it seems
this is going to be a long way to go
before this issue of the groups
operating in the Sahara she is going to
be dealt with mr. Martin we Miss Mary
Roger billah wa and mr. Adama guy thank
you very much indeed for contribution to
the program and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story you can also join the
conversation twitter our handle is at aj
inside story for me hashem babylon the
whole team here bye for now
