just over a decade ago this electrical
components firm in eastern China faced
an uncertain future it was being sued in
a US Court over intellectual property
rights the Chinese company fought the
action eventually able to prove that the
plugs and other devices manufactured
here were not copies the case lasted
seven years
general Shang the company's president
told me he'd do it again if he had to
Palam la susa's
enjoy American companies are using
intellectual property rights as a tool
to beat competitors from other countries
the final goal is to rule out foreign
competitors from the American market and
this is protectionism Chen won his last
us lawsuit in 2010 by then he'd spent
more than 20 million dollars in legal
fees
today he's become something of a
celebrity in China's corporate world
dispensing advice to other executives
involved in similar legal battles as he
took at King via and pretty sure that
this sent a clear message an enlightened
many Chinese enterprises to deal with
disputes with their American competitors
as China shifts the focus of its economy
from heavy industry to innovation it's
now clear that many of its companies are
paying greater attention to intellectual
property it is now something that is
important to them hallway ZTE all of
these technology companies they are now
fighting back there fighting with Apple
they're fighting with whoever it is that
they believe is infringing on them so
they're they're learning the rules of
the game as it was taught to them by the
West and they're engaging in the process
part of that process involves registered
trademarks they can show how innovative
a country is 20 years ago China had none
today it has more than 1.3 million
including ones for the electrical
devices made in Shenmue Shang's plant
and with Chinese companies starting to
grasp the importance of intellectual
property they're also prepared to defend
those rights in a foreign court Adrian
Brown al-jazeera in eastern China
