it was a silent march through Bratislava
the sound of boots on the frozen ground
doing the talking protesters rallied in
a dozen Slovakian cities demanding
justice for the murders of investigative
journalists young Cossack and his fiance
Martina Kerzner over the 27 year olds
were due to marry in May they were
killed in their home last week we are
here to support Slovak journalists and
stand up for freedom of speech
we want the journalists to work freely
kuzey ak had been investigating
suspected corruption between the Italian
mafia and people close to prime minister
robert fico young kuzey AK exposed the
activities of people connected to the
Italian mafia and their business in
Slovakia especially when it comes to the
drawdown of EU funds various government
contracts suspicions of tax fraud
blackmailing and violent crimes the
fallout from the murders has rippled
through the government the chief state
advisor and Slovakia security boss stood
down temporarily The Culture Minister
resigned the opposition is calling for
the interior minister and police chief
to follow the Thursday it's nobody's car
from an objective point of view the
Ministry of Culture has the closest
relation to the media now I can't see
myself staying in the post anymore Namie
upon a predominately
prime minister Feker who once called
journalists dirty anti slovak
prostitutes had offered 1 million euros
to anybody who provides information on
the murders his critics call it a hollow
gesture is in danger in Europe that's a
danger for democracy we have to declare
a state of emergency for democracy in
Europe kuzey ak is the first journalist
to be murdered in Slovakia second
recently in Europe to be killed after
reporting on corruption blogger Daphne
Khurana Galicia died in a car bombing in
October as she lifts her home on the
island of Malta 39 journalists were
murdered in 2017
slovakia's police conducted raids and
arrested seven people on Thursday the
homes were linked to the people kuzey AK
was investigating Slovakian say they
will stay in the streets his colleagues
will stay on the story until it's
revealed who was behind the murders
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
