it's a move targeting China and the
lesser quality steel US president Donald
Trump says is flooding the American
market foreign steel brought into the
United States will be slapped with an
additional fee of 25% 10% on aluminum
all purported to protect US jobs it was
a major campaign promise to steel and
aluminum workers in states like
Pennsylvania and Michigan and helped
Trump win the White House and while
Trump has singled out China it isn't
even in the top ten
among steel exporters to the United
States according to the US Commerce
Department it's Canada that ranks number
one at 16 percent of all exports to the
US well China is at number 11
responsible for less than 2% of the
steel imported into the United States
they found that three fabulous u.s.
adopting anti dumping and anti subsidy
tariffs in hundreds of cases of imported
steel and aluminum products is to
protect their domestic products if all
countries imitate the u.s. approach then
this would have a serious impact on the
global trade order fears of a global
trade war have sent world financial
markets into uncertainty and on Twitter
Trump defended his position arguing the
trade wars are good and easy to win that
trade war appears underway Canada Mexico
China Australia Brazil and the European
Union are all threatening retaliatory
measures against US products this is not
something we wanted to see and we will
continue to engage with all levels of
the American administration in the
coming days so that they understand that
the this proposal is unacceptable
we're not sits idly while our industry
is hit with alpha measures that put
thousands of European jobs at risk the
EU will react family and commensurately
to defend our interests one of Europe's
largest appliance manufacturers
Electrolux says as a result of trumps
announcement it is delaying an
investment of more than 250 million
dollars in the u.s. state of Tennessee
it appears that Trump's tariffs designed
to save American jobs in the
steel sector now putting other US jobs
at risk
Kimberly Hellcat al-jazeera Washington
