after facing countless corruption
scandals and surviving eight attempts to
unseat him South Africa's controversial
President Jacob Zuma resigned from
office last month his deputy Cyril
Ramaphosa since taken over the
presidency on an interim basis and
pledged to clean up South African
politics so kazuma's departure really
marked the start of a new political era
for the country or his corruption to
entrenched in the ruling African
National Congress party joining me to
discuss this is - Lee madam seller South
Africa's so-called anti-corruption czar
who was the country's Public Protector
for seven years and is also a former
member of the ANC she's been credited
with exposing Zoomers abuse of public
funds and she joins me now from Cape
Town - Lee Madeline Sela thanks for
joining me on upfront given you
investigated former President Jacob Zuma
when you were Public Protector of South
Africa up until 2016 and given you wrote
two incriminating reports about him how
much credit should South Africans give
to you for hastening his departure from
office last month well first thank you
for the privilege I don't expect any
credit because I was paid to do my job
and I did that job the best way I could
and I was working with a team every
member of that team should get some of
the credit South Africans - should get
the credit because if it wasn't for the
people enforcing some of the decisions I
made those decisions would not have been
made and the judiciary and the media
also played their roles in making sure
that the truth came out South Africa's
National Prosecuting Authority has plans
to announce in the coming weeks whether
they're going to pursue the 18 charges
for over 700 counts of corruption money
laundering fraud and racketeering
against Zuma that date back to an
innocent arms deal from over a decade
ago it's a case that's been dismissed
and reinstated in the courts in the past
do you think those charges against him
still need to be pursued now he's out of
office
well the as charges have to be pursued
where a person is or is out of office
and you must recall that those charges
had nothing to do with president
Zuma being in office they relate to the
I'm still pirate but having said that I
think the most important issues that the
president would have to answer to would
be the issues relating to state capture
and what is seen is a net of
surrendering his power to one member of
his family and the Gupta family to run
the affairs of this government it's in
the interest of the nation that he's
unser able for any wrongdoing he is
alleged to have committed and if he
indeed he is guilty of that wrongdoing
he should face the same consequences as
other people do how is it that such a
dark cloud of controversy spanning over
a decade never prevented Zuma from
advancing to the highest office in the
land to lead the party of Nelson Mandela
with considerable ANC support for years
yes it does say that the ANC or the
African National Congress which is the
governing party in South Africa needs to
look back and say what is it that
allowed President Zuma to rise to the
presidency given the fact that he had no
commitment to ethics and that also
applies to the current members of the
highest decision-making bodies of the
ANC the NZ has to ask itself should
these people end up becoming president
do they have the right values which is
the highest level of professional ethics
as required by section 195 of our
Constitution but didn't Mandela himself
Nelson Mandela who you were
understandably a great admirer of many
of us were didn't he lay the groundwork
in a way for all of the political
dysfunction and corruption that we're
seeing in South Africa today he laid the
groundwork for presidents for
controversial successors like Thabo
Mbeki and Jacob Zuma is it time to maybe
also reassess the Mandela political
legacy in South Africa well you could
but I wouldn't really necessarily say
it's Mandela's fault he himself said
that even the most benevolent of
governments have within them persons
with propensities
for human failings nobody could have
foreseen what happened but you right
though that there has to be some
introspection and looking at what is it
within the governing party and within
our own National ethical framework that
allowed what happened to happen but
Mandela did praise Zoomers leadership
just over a decade ago when some of
these allegations were already being
made against him he called him inclusive
he called him a unify he urged the ANC
to rally behind him when I first met
President Zuma
he was inclusive he was a unifier and of
course you take people at face value
nobody prepared South Africa for the
divisive presidency of President Zuma
and the the use of racial divides they
abused of social injustice as a
diversion to investigations on
corruption I don't think President
Mandela could have predicted that okay I
certainly didn't protect it well let's
look at some of your predictions or
recent statements Cyril Ramaphosa
Zoomers former deputy president who's
now the interim president of South
Africa until elections are held next
year you express support for him online
last month thanking him for putting your
quote beautiful country on the pedestal
of hope again but he's already facing
harsh criticism for appointing a lot of
scandal-ridden controversial ANC figures
to key positions for example David ma
Boozer the scandal-ridden deputy head of
the ANC is now his deputy president he
reappointed a Minister of Home Affairs
who's found to have lied under oath so
are you giving Rama poser a pass given
he doesn't seem to be as worried about
appointing officials who are accused of
wrongdoing and corruption as maybe he
should be I have given him a pass and I
still give him a pass he certainly has
placed us on the pedestal of hope but I
have been speaking about this for a
month now and even in my column on the
city press and report I indicated that
he's not a saint and that whether he
gravitates to the dark side or to the
light side will depend on
or not people stand up if the people do
not behave in such a way that the
governing party he fears them then you
will find that President Rama pose are
fears the dark side of the ANC and then
he gets drawn to that corner truly you
were part of the team led by Nelson
Mandela that drafted the final post
apartheid constitution of South Africa
in 1996 how worried are you that the
ANC's recent time in office plagued with
corruption scandals cronyism miss
handling of crises will end up tainting
the legacy of not just the ANC and the
way in which he created this new state
but the memory of the party's entire
anti-apartheid struggle I am concerned
about the ANC losing its direction and
until a few days ago there was an
indication that it had lost this
direction and there was a possibility
that it would lose its direction
together with the country but I'm very
hopeful right now that under Rama pasa
we do have a balance of forces within
the governing party and we have those
who would like to continue covering up
for the plundering and looting of state
resources and those who really wanted
this country to be governed with
integrity within I to social justice so
that in what doesn't only leave to its
potential but it also reclaims its
position is a model democracy in the
world what about the argument that is
time another party governed South Africa
that the ANC has been empowered too long
it keeps winning elections since 1994
since apartheid ended it's the only
party that's governed South Africa maybe
that's part of the problem
well if there was another party to
govern maybe it would be their time what
people are right about is that monopoly
whether it's in business or politics
perpetuates corruption if you don't feel
is in power then you have no reason to
do your person and that's what was
happening eventually but by last year
the ANC as the governing party realized
that it could not just
continue to allow lapses in terms of
ethics and and in the depending of
corruption one final question
you've been encouraged to run for office
in the past yourself do you have no
political ambitions at all you're not
tempted to run for office yourself to
try and fix clean up South African
politics from the inside certainly I
don't have any political ambitions but I
do have ambitions to clean up the system
that's why I've gone back to civil
society is the chair of social justice
it's Stellenbosch University to make
sure that we deal with laws and policies
around social justice I've also been
part of starting a foundation which is
called the tumor foundation the
foundation is seeking to build democracy
literacy within civil society and to
activate civil society to be their own
liberators truly madam Sela thanks for
joining me on upfront
it's been a pleasure in the privilege
thank you
that's our show upfront we'll be back
next week
you
