it's coming up to nearly six months
since Puerto Rico is battered by
Hurricane Marija yet nearly half a
million Americans there are still
without power and reported suicides have
jumped more than 50 percent has
President Donald Trump abandoned the
island I'll ask one of his biggest
critics mayor of San Juan
Carmen Newlin Cruz also on the show
Jacob Zuma was forced to stand down as
president of South Africa last month
I'll talk to his nemesis the
anti-corruption czar to Lima Don seller
about his fall from power and the future
of the ANC
maiya common you lean crews thanks for
joining me on upfront it's been five
months since Hurricane Maria devastated
the u.s. territory of Puerto Rico where
you're the mayor of the capital city San
Juan right now what in your view is the
single biggest challenge for people
living on that Island how bad is the
situation there still are first of all
Mary thank you very much for the
opportunity to continue to update other
viewers in the United States and around
the world right now the aftermath of
Maria has if I had to summarize it has
contributed to a asocial meltdown
suicide rates have gone up crime is at
the same level that it was before Maria
which was at a high level still about
30% of the population does not have any
electricity
we have towns in the inner side of the
island that have no electricity
whatsoever and and the reconstruction
and transformation of Puerto Rico does
not seem to get off the ground
we have been granted four point nine
billion dollars in a loan by the
government of the United States we
haven't gotten one single cent of that
loan so we are looking at in the next
months a deepening of a social crisis
that was there before Maria but that
definitely was widened and much more
aggressive after Maria you said you you
said at the start thank you for the
opportunity to update the world and us
viewers do you feel in Puerto Rico that
you've been abandoned by the world
abandoned by the US because you're not a
US state but you are an unincorporated
US territory the 3.5 million people who
live there are US citizens do you feel
abandoned by the US government how would
you judge the current US government
response to this social meltdown in
Puerto Rico the US government response
has been inadequate has been inefficient
and has been inappropriate and there has
been some people in the Trump
administration that have been
I would say honest enough that they have
admitted to that but the American people
have been very upfront have been very
open-hearted in the world so we have to
make a very big differentiation between
the Trump administration which will now
say that they're dumping millions of
dollars in Puerto Rico and and what we
want to make sure the American people
know is that we haven't received that
money that transformation has not taken
place US government agencies and
institutions were widely criticized for
their handling of Puerto Rico's crisis a
UN rights expert even said quote we
can't fail to note the dissimilar
urgency and priority given to the
emergency response in Puerto Rico
compared to the US states affected by
hurricanes in recent months do you
believe we're Tirico was treated
differently unfairly and if so why most
definitely and it's not only my believe
but it's a widespread belief of the
people of Puerto Rico I think probably
it had to do a little bit of because of
ignorance it was also an issue of
putting standard operating procedures
into a different circumstance and not
being able to adapt and overcome that
that was one thing to when that happened
there was a stubborn streak in the Trump
administration leader by President Trump
himself that everything was okay but
this was a good news story and they
continue to do everything they could in
order to ensure that this was a good
news story there were even some emails
written by the Pentagon stating that we
continue to have a lot of difficulty
making sure that this story is perceived
as a good news story and they even named
me as one of the reasons why they
weren't able to produce them just
sticking with the actual relief effort
do you think Texas Louisiana Florida got
more help from the US government from
the federal government more attention
from the US media in the wider US public
than the people of Puerto Rico because
Puerto Ricans are Latin they're in the
Caribbean they're residents of a former
colony do you think prejudice played a
role racism even well we are a colony
the United
it's when all the decisions that are
important to you are made by the
Congress of the United States I I wish I
didn't have to say this because it is
very strong but we are a calling of the
United States I'm wondering about
motivations are you saying when
President Trump and his colleagues look
at Puerto Rico are they looking at
Puerto Ricans as a different type of
people to the people who live in Florida
Texas Louisiana that's what I'm
wondering is your view not most
definitely in the budget effort and
their continued strategy of saying we're
doing a great job
it's there look right now and I'll use
the municipality of Sun one we used 21
million dollars of the municipality of
San Juan in order to ensure that we were
prepared for both hurricanes Irma and
marina we still have not gotten eleven
point two million dollars reimbursement
back from feet this is the largest
municipality in Puerto Rico
this is repeating itself throughout the
entire island nation of Puerto Rico and
what that does is that it hinders the
new municipality in the city's ability
to provide essential services like
medicine providing medicine to people
just to be clear then and to clarify
you're saying that the US government's
botched response what you call botched
response to Hurricane Maria and the
situation Brio Rico was affected by
racism on the part of the Trump
administration towards Puerto Rico it
could be affected by racism it could be
affected by ignorance
it could be affected by the inability to
adapt standard operating procedures
because there was no sense of urgency
and there still seems to be no sense of
urgency if you approve a four point nine
billion loan in November and you still
haven't given one cent for the recovery
there's no sense of urgency there after
you publicly criticize the US
government's relief efforts President
Donald Trump attacked you on Twitter and
suggested you were a politically
motivated ingrate with poor leadership
you responded by calling him unfit to
lead why do you think he came after you
personally like that were you surprised
to see the
sweets no you know that's the way the
precedent deals with people that tell
the truth and this is not about me this
is not about the President of the United
States we happen to have the cameras in
front of it so we had an opportunity and
he had an opportunity to lead he had an
opportunity to say look we haven't done
what is right we haven't done enough but
then he decided to grade himself and
give himself a 10 out of a 10
I've said this and I will continue to
say it if you are a leader and you grade
yourself in a humanitarian crises and
you are utterly satisfied well five
months into it 30% of the Puerto Rican
population still does not have
electricity and I mean you need to
regrade yourself clearly president Trump
has issues with honesty and ego but you
produce some pretty inflammatory
language in the aftermath of that
hurricane you suggested that the federal
government's failure to provide food
water and the rest could amount to quote
genocide looking back now that was an
absurd thing to say was it not no it was
not if you're a poor terrific you think
the Trump administration was
deliberately trying to kill the people
of Puerto Rico that's what a genocide is
the deliberate killing of it I think
that what they did I believe me I know
what a genocide is and to fold myself
properly what I said that it would
amount to almost something similar to
genocide and I would still save it
500,000 people have left Puerto Rico 30%
of our population we don't want
electricity to have air-conditioning we
want electricity to be able to operate
in hospitals without having to use the
lights in our cell phones we want
electricity to be able to have our
children go to school on a normal day
and not on a part-time basis as we're
doing right now
we want electricity to be able to
jumpstart our economy to depend less on
what we are given and to do more unto
ourselves even before the hurricane hit
Puerto Rico was in the midst of a major
financial crisis nearly half the
population lived under the poverty line
the unemployment rate has tripled out of
the u.s. the island was 73 billion
dollar
and debt it declared bankruptcy last
summer before becoming mayor of San Juan
you yourself served in Puerto Rico's
House of Representatives for four years
how much responsibility should the
island's political class yourself
included take for the dire economic
situation in Puerto Rico even before the
hurricane in oh we need to own up to our
own mistakes
and I've set that over and over that's
why I say we need to just use this
opportunity to transform the way that we
look at things to transform the way that
we do things to depend less in what it's
sent in a matter of help from outside
and to do more for unto itself this is
why I continue to ask anyone that would
listen we need to be able to build for
example solar panels in Puerto Rico so
anyone out there listening come to San
Juan we will make it worth your while
but we also need to ensure that the
monies that are coming are not money's
be used only to hire companies from the
US that come to Puerto Rico
but to hire locally so that the money
stays in locally and that we can revamp
our economy we need to be able to plug
in into the world economy you've been a
very outspoken critic of the governor
and the Puerto Rican government's plans
to privatize power companies and
infrastructure in the wake of the
hurricane but what's your alternative to
privatization is all very well saying we
let's not privatize but given the dire
economic situation Puerto Rico's in what
would you be doing instead if you were
governor I'm not the governor I'm the
mayor of the city of San Juan but you
don't have to be the governor to be able
to have an opinion right so there's two
areas that have to do with electricity
the generation and the transmission the
transmission areas is now being rebuilt
completely and it's been updated but
it's been updated to fossil fuel so we
need to continue to have very specific
targets and goals to transform and
generate a lot more of our energy from
solar energy from the wind and from the
oats desalinization plants in order to
get our water okay one final question
mayor cruz do you have plans to run for
pretty Rico's governorship yourself in
some of this stuff that you're talking
about happen some of your critics say
that's why you've been so outspoken in
recent months to boost your political
profile I have said that this is not the
time for political calculations this is
a time first you're not ruling it out we
have a real issue in Puerto Rico with
crime and we have to have some very
difficult conversations about the future
of the status of Puerto Rico but about
how we transform and how do we make sure
then we move forward from this
humanitarian and economic crisis come in
Ulan Cruz thank you very much for
joining me on upfront thank you for the
opportunity
despite being illegal across the world
what's been called modern slavery is
more widespread than ever before
but why in this week's reality check
upfront producer Kieran Alvey
investigates when disturbing reports out
of Libya in 2017 exposed horrible images
of a modern-day slave trade but captured
migrants and refugees being auctioned
off for labor people around the world
were stunned but the reality is this
exists beyond Libya from the UK and the
Gulf countries to India and China today
there are actually over 40 million
modern-day slaves victims of forced
labor human trafficking and debt bondage
and we're more complicit than you might
think
across Italian farmland we're sunkissed
tomatoes are harvested each season
thousands of migrant farm workers from
across Europe Africa and as far away as
India are working in conditions of
absolute exploitation with wages
withheld and workers documents
confiscated to keep them from fleeing
migrants are often forced to work 12
hours a day seven days a week with
outbreaks and even subject to repeated
rape and sexual assault
these conditions help Italy remain one
of the world's largest tomato producers
in Brazil slave labor is rampant in
cattle farms but the ranch hands working
under the threat of being killed wages
are regularly withheld as debts to the
employer sometimes for years and workers
are often forbidden from leaving the
ranches where they're treated like
animals even sometimes sleeping in the
same Corral as the cattle for many
slavery has become the grim trademark of
Brazilian beef which includes China and
the EU as clients in its
multibillion-dollar export industry and
take Thailand the world's third largest
seafood exporter is also one of the
world's most notoriously dangerous work
environments reports have found men and
women from Cambodia and Myanmar being
tricked kidnapped or sold into fishing
operations and during for starvation
sleep deprivation and even being chained
beheaded or thrown overboard from making
mistakes we're talking about a seven
billion dollar global export industry
over 200 million of which is just for
pet food in the US yes modern slavery
should stun the world but it needs to go
beyond that if we as consumers and
companies don't pay attention to supply
chains behind the things we buy the
world's most vulnerable will continue to
be exploited for cheaper goods because
to many it's not personal it's just
business
after facing countless corruption
scandals and surviving eight attempts to
unseat him South Africa's controversial
President Jacob Zuma resigned from
office last month his deputy Cyril
Ramaphosa since taken over the
presidency on an interim basis and
pledged to clean up South African
politics so to Zoomers departure really
marked the start of a new political era
for the country or his corruption to
entrenched in the ruling African
National Congress party joining me to
discuss this is - Lee madam seller South
Africa's so-called anti-corruption czar
who was the country's Public Protector
for seven years and is also a former
member of the ANC
she's been credited with exposing
Zoomers abuse of public funds and she
joins me now from Cape Town - Lee
Madeline Sela thanks for joining me on
upfront
given you investigated former President
Jacob Zuma when you were Public
Protector of South Africa up until 2016
and given you wrote two incriminating
reports about him how much credit should
South Africans give to you for hastening
his departure from office last month
well first thank you for the privilege I
don't expect any credit because I was
paid to do my job and I did that job the
best way I could and I was working with
a team every member of that team should
get some of the credit so that tends to
should get the credit because if it
wasn't for the people enforcing some of
the decisions I made those decisions
would not have been made and the
judiciary and the media also played
their roles in making sure that the
truth came out South Africa's National
Prosecuting Authority has plans to
announce in the coming weeks whether
they're going to pursue the 18 charges
for over 700 counts of corruption money
laundering fraud and racketeering
against Zuma that date back to an
innocent arms deal from over a decade
ago it's a case that's been dismissed
and reinstated in the courts in the past
do you think those charges against him
still need to be pursued now he's out of
office
well the as charges have to be pursued
where a person is or is out of office
and you must recall that those charges
had nothing to do with President Zuma
being in office they relate to
I'm still pirate but having said that I
think the most important issues that the
president would have to answer to would
be the issues relating to state capture
and what is seen is a net of
surrendering his power to one member of
his family and the Gupta family to run
the affairs of this government it's in
the interest of the nation that he's
answerable for any wrongdoing he is
alleged to have committed and if he
indeed he is guilty of that wrongdoing
he should face the same consequences as
other people do how is it that such a
dark cloud of controversy spanning over
a decade never prevented Zuma from
advancing to the highest office in the
land to lead the party of Nelson Mandela
with considerable ANC support for years
yes it does say that the ANC or the
African National Congress which is the
governing party in South Africa needs to
look back and say what is it that
allowed President Zuma to rise to the
presidency given the fact that he had no
commitment to ethics and that also
applies to the current members of the
highest decision-making bodies of the
ANC the ANC has to ask itself should
these people end up becoming president
do they have the right values which is
the highest level of professional ethics
as required by section 195 of our
Constitution but didn't Mandela himself
Nelson Mandela who you were
understandably a great admirer of many
of us were didn't he lay the groundwork
in a way for all of the political
dysfunction and corruption that we're
seeing in South Africa today he laid the
groundwork for presidents for
controversial successors like Thabo
Mbeki and Jacob Zuma is it time to maybe
also reassess the Mandela political
legacy in South Africa well you could
but I wouldn't really necessarily say
it's Mandela's fault he himself said
that even the most benevolent of
governments have within them persons
with propensities for human failings
nobody could have foreseen
in what happened but you right though
that there has to be some introspection
and looking at what is it within the
governing party and within our own
national ethical framework that allowed
what happened to happen but Mandela did
praise Zuma's leadership just over a
decade ago when some of these
allegations were already being made
against him he called him inclusive
he called him a unify he urged the ANC
to rally behind him when I first met
President Zuma
he was inclusive he was a unifier and of
course you take people on at face value
nobody prepared South Africa for the
divisive presidency of President Zuma
and they the use of racial divides they
abused of social injustice as a
diversion to investigations on
corruption I don't think President
Mandela could have predicted that okay I
certainly didn't predict it well let's
look at some of your predictions or
recent statements Cyril Ramaphosa
Zoomers former deputy president who's
now the interim president of South
Africa until election to hell next year
you express support for him online last
month thanking him for putting your
quote beautiful country on the pedestal
of hope again but he's already facing
harsh criticism for appointing a lot of
scandal-ridden controversial ANC figures
to key positions for example David ma
Boozer the scandal-ridden deputy head of
the ANC is now his deputy president he
reappointed a Minister of Home Affairs
who's found to have lied under oath so
are you giving Rama poser a pass given
he doesn't seem to be as worried about
appointing officials who are accused of
wrongdoing and corruption as maybe he
should be I have given him a pass and I
still give him a pass he certainly has
placed us on the pedestal of hope but I
have been speaking about this for a
month now and even in my column on the
city press and report I indicated that
he's not a saint and that whether he
gravitates to the dark side or to the
light side will depend on whether or not
people stand up if the people do not
behave
in such a way that the governing party
he fears them then you will find that
President Rama pasa fears the dark side
of the ANC and then he gets drone to
that corner truly you a part of the team
led by Nelson Mandela that drafted the
final post apartheid constitution of
South Africa in 1996 how worried are you
that the ANC's recent time in office
played with corruption scandals cronyism
mishandling of crises will end up
tainting the legacy of not just the ANC
and the way in which he created this new
state but the memory of the party's
entire anti-apartheid struggle I am
concerned about the ANC losing its
direction and until a few days ago there
was an indication that it had lost its
direction and there was a possibility
that it would lose its direction
together with the country but I'm very
hopeful right now that under Omarosa we
do have a balance of forces within the
governing part and we have those who
would like to continue covering up for
the plundering and looting or state
resources and those who really wanted
this country to be governed with
integrity within I to social justice so
that in what doesn't only leave to its
potential but it also reclaims its
position is a model democracy in the
world what about the argument that is
time another party governed South Africa
that the ANC has been in power too long
it keeps winning elections since 1994
since apartheid ended it's the only
party that's governed South Africa maybe
that's part of the problem
well if was another party to govern
maybe it would be their time what people
are right about is that monopoly whether
it's in business or politics perpetuates
corruption if you don't feel is in power
then you have no reason to do your
person and that's what was happening
eventually but by last year the ANC as
the governing party realized that it
could not just continue to allow lapses
in terms of ethics and and and
the depending of Corruption one final
question
you've been encouraged to run for office
in the past yourself do you have no
political ambitions at all you're not
tempted to run for office yourself to
try and fix clean up South African
politics from the inside certainly I
don't have any political ambitions but I
do have ambitions to clean up the system
that's why I've gone back to civil
society as the chair of social justice
it's Stellenbosch University to make
sure that we deal with laws and policies
around social justice I've also been
part of starting a foundation which is
called the tumor foundation the
foundation is seeking to build democracy
literacy within civil society and to
activate civil society to be their own
liberators truly madam Sela thanks for
joining me on upfront it's been a
pleasure in the privilege thank you
that's our show upfront we'll be back
next week
you
