Kushina central italy very old very
pretty and people are very angry stuck
in the fields outside the town the
government has housed a hundred asylum
seekers they're about as popular as a
moldy lasagna granted on this floor
element attic Posada in the summer so
many women have complained that they
urinating in the street should we wait
until something bad happens fair enough
we have to protect the immigrants but
who will protect Italians the town has
45,000 people living in it so it isn't
as though it's being overrun but cash in
err which had a left-wing local
government for 70 years since world war
ii recently voted in the right-wing
Northern League it wants a Deportes
400,000 undocumented migrants from Italy
in Marathi KS on integrity of course we
don't want to deport all of them there
are immigrants who work here who are
integrated whether our criminals come in
here who take houses from Italians and
we pay tax for them to do another thing
immigration of course is always fertile
ground for the right wing in European
politics as indeed as a general
disenchantment with the state of the
European Union and long-standing
concerns about the economy and it's all
particularly good news for one man who
dominated Italian politics for so long
and is increasingly being seen as
Europe's answer to Donald Trump at the
age of 81 Silvio Berlusconi is back his
plastic skin and rictus grin all over
this election despite his criminal
record he still has his own political
party and media empire there is every
chance he could get to choose the next
prime minister it's like he never went
away
we are a united force pushing back
against all the bad things the left-wing
is done to our country we're going back
into power because the left has put
three million people into poverty and
three million unemployed the third party
in this potential coalition is called
brothers of Italy one of several groups
with fascist roots that have a chance of
seats in Parliament's even given Italy's
history it appears immigration has made
the electorate ready to consider what
the European Union dreads the most the
far-right in government we are committed
to stopping migration flows and paying
more attention to Italian families other
governments already do this the Italian
state won't spend more on asylum seekers
than Italian pensioners if you ask the
fire rites how they would actually
deport nearly half a million people they
talk about putting them in boats and
dumping them in Libya but it's being
discussed at all tells you much about
the state of the European Union with
Berlusconi right back in the mix
Lawrence Lee Al Jazira in Italy
