salvaged at the last minute a new trade
deal for Canada with the United States
in Mexico it replaces the contentious
north american free trade agreement but
is it a win-win situation that of
serious compromises been made this is
inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm
Adrienne Finnegan it was billed as the
world's largest free trade area
affecting 500 million people when the
North American Free Trade Agreement or
NAFTA was signed in 1994 barriers were
removed and trade boomed but critics
argued that it decimated several
manufacturing hubs in the US with
companies taking advantage of lower
wages in Mexico to shift operations
south u.s. President Donald Trump
promised to rewrite NAFTA or get rid of
it completely
high-pressure negotiations followed an
unpopular outgoing government in Mexico
struck a deal in August longtime ally
Canada was left out and relations
deteriorated between Trump and Canada's
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau but the
countries need each other economically
and both appear to have found things
they like in the new agreement to be
called the United States Mexico Canada
agreement or u.s. MCA well the US and
Canada in a joint statement said that US
MCA will give our workers farmers
ranchers and businesses a high-standard
trade agreement that will result in
freer markets fairer trade and robust
economic growth in our region it will
strengthen the middle class and create
good well-paying jobs and new
opportunities for the nearly half a
billion people who call North America
home so what was agreed upon
well Canada is giving us farmers greater
access to its dairy market but it gets
to retain the trade dispute settlement
mechanism established by NAFTA
Washington had earlier demanded that
American Court should rule on cases
filed by Canada against u.s. duties on
imports both Canada and Mexico have won
protections against president Trump's
threat to impose 25% tariffs on cars but
under the deal forty to forty five
percent of any car completed in Mexico
needs to be built in countries where
workers are at least 16 dollars an hour
only then will the car qualify for
duty-free benefits let's bring in our
guests for today's discussion from
Washington we're joined by Chris Garcia
he is CEO of Vicker financial he was
earlier deputy director at the US
Department of Commerce under President
Trump and from Ottawa Colin Robertson a
former
lady and diplomat who was part of the
team that negotiated NAFTA back in the
1990s gentlemen welcome to you both
Chris let's start with you is this a
good deal for all concerned or just for
the US no it's a great deal for everyone
frankly I think this is why all three
parties have now reached this agreement
today October 1st the u.s. Mexico Canada
agreement has tackled several issues
that again 25 years ago perhaps could
not have predicted intellectual property
rights have increased worker protections
environmental standards have increased
frankly the US has more access now to
the Canadian dairy markets as you'd
mentioned and we're having more auto
parts than automobiles frankly made in
the United States Mexico and Canada and
this is truly a traditionally I would
say a complete reorientation of the
supply chain away from Southeast Asia
back to North America I think all three
nations can be proud of that okay Colin
a deal between the two of the sides the
Canada and the US side appeared to be
slipping out of reach as least recently
as what last week when Donald Trump made
those made those disparaging comments
about Canada and its negotiators at that
press conference what's changed well
Adrienne I think as you point out Donald
Trump at the United Nations last week if
one of us by calling Trump eruptions but
in a way it's straight out of the
PlayBook of art of the deal if you read
his book he puts maximum pressure
there's bullying there's bravado
there's bluster before a deal is reached
and I think the key negotiators and the
Canadian Prime Minister mr. Trudeau and
our negotiator who he'd he'd also
slammed Christopher Freeland our foreign
minister kind of just parked that and
said okay this is just this we are now
more used to this after a year and a
half of the Trump administration what
was important for us was to retain that
access to the United States because we
over the past year that our governor of
our bank and our major companies have
all said there's been a chilling of
investment in Canada yes we now have
access to the European market through
the new comprehensive European trade
agreement and we are of course with
Mexico part of the trans-pacific
partnership that mr. Trump pulled out of
and what's interesting Adrian is that
this agreement that we've just signed
with
United States and Mexico most closely
resembles the trans-pacific partnership
both in language and in form and as
Chris points out is an updating of it my
own sense it is with the trade offs a
win-win-win for all three nations Chris
under this deal US farmers are gonna get
access to three and a half percent of
Canada's 16 billion dollar dairy market
now to me three and a half percent
doesn't sound a lot why is that being
touted as a success
I think it's greater than the three
percent that was agreed to in this
trans-pacific partnership I'm not sure
if that's the the actual number that is
coming out at the announcement that's
being made today but I know that that is
significantly more than we have now
I think Canada is quite protective as
Collins pointed out of its of its dairy
markets they want to ensure that of
course the Canadian farmers do not go
bankrupt the United States has similar
protections in place for our farmers
here we want to take care of our own we
want to take care of our heartland if
you will but I think that moving toward
even if it's a few percentage points at
a time toward a more free open and
reciprocal trading arrangement in areas
like dairy and access to Canadian dairy
markets I think that's an ultimately a
step for rather than a step backward
but again in exchange for that you know
we're also getting actually say in
addition to that we're also getting
access to more parts production more
automobile production in the United
States I think that is a major major
victory for both the US and Canada that
again the $16 per hour requirement on
the 30 percent of vehicle part
production must be done of course with
labor of above $16 per hour that is
about three times the price of the
average Mexican labor wage per hour I
think that's a major victory for the US
and Canada so again ultimately I think
what we're looking for is a win for both
US workers American workers and I think
the American the Mexican economy as well
this is where we really see president
Trump's leadership in inaction two
completely distinct different leaders in
Mexico and Canada and yet president
Trump was able to bring them together
with his negotiators who he empowered to
get this deal done
you talked about about president Trump
and his bluster and the fact that the
Canadian leadership despite the fact
that they appeared not to be getting on
very well President Trump and and Justin
Trudeau but the Canadian leadership has
sort of become used to this this this
bluster and bravado Donald Trump likes
to talk himself up as being that the the
dealmaker one could imagine that he was
he's a pretty tough negotiator or that
his team would be under his direction
did Canada have to make any big
concessions here or was this deal it
perhaps easier to reach than they
thought it would be no it was this has
been tough and indeed even last week our
ambassador United States gave it a kind
of five out of ten and he's our kind of
quarterback in the field along with our
foreign minister so no this was this was
hard-fought we've been added in an
intense fashion now for a little over a
year remember we had been through this
with the United States negotiators many
of whom the same people at the working
level in the transit partnership and as
I point out the agreement itself most
closely resembles the trans-pacific
partnership with adjustments relating to
the interests of Canada Mexico and the
United States I think that it was from a
Canadian perspective kind of the optimum
time because there had been there was
pressure within the United States from
the business community the farm
community to put to include Canada in
this and with the clock ticking under
the legislative mandate of Congress to
the administration they had to submit
something today to Congress and the
preference was to do at Canada u.s.
Mexico because and let's be clear on
this worse and I think Chris would agree
the big challenge now is going to be the
implementation legislation in the
Congress and that's gonna happen
sometime next year because in the
meantime will be an assessment economic
assessment of this agreement by the
International Trade Commission and then
in the new Congress is proposed the
midterms will be the Congress
responsible for implementing the new
agreement and that's not a slam dunk
yeah Chris is it a done deal okay so so
we've we've come to
but it still has to be ratified by
Congress could anything upset this
bill's passage I'm thinking about the
midterms in November sure of course well
the United States of course has the
major midterms in November 2018 we're
looking likely to have a at least the
odds of showing that there may be a flip
in the house Democrats may retake the
house that's the historical precedent at
least every president loses the house in
the midterm elections I think it's only
been two presidents who've lost who've
kept the house in the midterm elections
since two that I think 2000 year 2000
and so I frankly looking at this that
the Senate as well Senate looks
increasingly as though the Republicans
will keep will keep the Senate but you
have many congressmen in both the House
and Senate Senators in the Senate that
have districts that rely and would
benefit tremendously by the influx of
jobs by the increase in wages for many
of these manufacturing jobs that would
require as I mentioned earlier the $16
per hour labor on many of the components
and their significant percentage of the
auto parts that are made so it would be
in their favor whether you're a
Republican whether you're a Democrat to
vote in favor of this and so I think
that the you know it looks very likely
looks increasingly so that with trade
promotion Authority that President Trump
has that they would that Congress does
in fact vote favorably in and for this
deal : of course one of the things that
helped to sour relations between Canada
or the United States was earlier this
year President Trump slapped a bunch of
tariffs on on Canadian steel and
aluminium imports does this trade deal
this this new North America free trade
agreement under under a different name
does that deal with that issue or
although those tariffs stay in place no
these as I read the agreement remember
it's a thousand pages and I'm still
digesting it and there are some side
letters my understanding is those
tariffs remain in place both Canada and
Mexico although there is pressure in the
United States from steel users because
Canada's the biggest supplier of for
inspire steel and particularly of
aluminum which is used particularly in
the in the defense industry so our prime
minister has said American airplanes and
tanks use our
alaa minimun and so what the Americans
are still buying it but they're of
course paying now the tariff at the the
border similar situation with our
softwood lumber we're selling as much
soft lumbers before but the American the
the average American is now paying a
twenty five percent surcharge and that
of course raises the cost of housing
United States so that one is undone
let's be clear Adrian we're not out of
the Trump administration is
protectionist and we are likely to see
more protectionism by this
administration the agreement gives us a
belt and suspenders but we're not we're
not free and Spider Willy continues not
protectionist at all don't Chris yep is
not protectionist we are we are a free
trade administration and frankly this is
why and and this is what something on
you would I think you would agree with
Colin we've had a a significant
breakthrough with the NAFTA deal back in
2000 back in back in 25 years ago when
when you negotiated it it was a great
deal for many people however what that
did is it moved many jobs overseas it
reoriented the supply chain away from
North America to Southeast Asia the
United States is simply saying let's
bring this back to let's bring the
manufacturing back to the United States
the tariffs frankly are not an end in
and of themselves they're a they're a
way to get the the parties that have
taken advantage of the United States and
frankly those are taking advantage of
Canada as well back to the table to
renegotiate a more fair deal this is not
what the president wants he's a free
trader his traded grocers are free
traders you said you say that that the
the the the Trump administration is a
free trade administration why then are
his own party Republicans speaker the
House Paul Ryan so opposed to the
tariffs that he's imposed on its staunch
allies Canada the EU well I'll tell you
what it's because you know the many
establishment Republicans are are giving
a selling out sooo they're selling out
to industry they're selling out to
industry the same industry the same
corporations that have built their
empires and the backs of American labor
that have been treated so unfairly
American workers have been treated so
unfairly and so a lot of individuals a
lot of establishment Republicans and
many Democrats are simply corporate
elitists that have sold out to many of
their
in corporate you know corporate
interests what President Trump has done
is say I'm looking at this through the
eyes of the average American worker what
does it do to my community when Mike
entire Heartland that the entire
heartland of the United States has been
hollowed out by these trade deals that
have shipped jobs overseas let's get
jobs back to the United States and
frankly the record that he's produced so
far I think is an indicative of that
we've got four million jobs that are
back in the United States 400,000
manufacturing jobs that the previous
President Obama said we're never going
to come back to the United States so I
think that we have to understand if to
understand some of the underlying issues
here and and give the president the
benefit of the doubt when we look at
just the facts call it what do you make
of it well I would just say that it's at
the end of the day a good day for Canada
United States and Mexico mr. Trump has
his wins as Chris points out on
manufacturing can say to Auto Workers he
can say to farmers that he's delivered
for them and from a Kenyan perspective
having secure access to what is our
largest trading partner and worth
pointing out I think as Chris would
recognize that America's largest trading
partner is Canada and also worth
pointing out that in fact the United
States has a surplus with Canada and
everything except energy which of course
is used to fuel the the manufacturing
industry in the United States so I I
think all three countries can be
satisfied that North America as a
platform we're not going to call it
North America anymore but the Canada
us-mexico relationship is is
competitively placed to be able to
continue to compete with the rest of the
world and if that brings jobs into
Canada United States and Mexico that's a
good thing Colleen do tariffs and other
as you put them in inverted commas
protectionist policies because I know
Chris will disagree but the tariffs and
protectionist policies actually work or
do they lead ultimately to unforeseen
adverse effects for for consumers and
for for workers well I think the
economist would suggest the the latter
that is they lead to adverse effects
effectively a tariff is a tax on a
consumer and so as I point out in the
case that steel aluminium tariffs and in
the case of the tariffs on softwood
the American the average American house
now costs about an extra $5,000 it's
gonna cost more to make the cars and
planes out of this steel and aluminum
well you know you pass that through it
means you have probably less money for
other other things but these are
decisions governments take well we've
been moving towards was to track to
reduce those tariffs and I think Chris
would probably agree that the biggest
change is not the Mexico Canada it was
more China coming into the World Trade
Organization I think there's no doubt
that China did take advantage of a
situation and that's a separate issue
that the president is trying to address
Colin Chris while the comment says it's
it that's a separate issue but does this
this deal the fact that all three are
Canada Mexico and the US are praising it
so Holly does this impact upon president
Trump's threat to withdraw the u.s. from
the WTO well this this definitely plays
to president Trump's overall strategy
and again just to repeat tariffs are not
something the president is looking to
implement long term nor are his trade
advisers nor have his trade advisors
informed him that that imposing tariffs
in the long run are going to be a smart
idea they're simply a way to bring back
the bad actors to the table if you will
or to have some of our allies even in
the case of the been after renegotiation
have them come back to the table to
reciprocate some of the the the or
develop more of a reciprocal and free
open trade agreement how this plays into
president Trump's overall strategy with
China is that we now have a really
strong position of course economically
speaking the United States is doing
extremely well our markets are up the
Chinese market is down but this this new
deal this new us MCA deal allows us to
be in unison with our allies north of
the border and south of the border as we
then turn our gaze toward China and
tackle some of the more serious issues
like IP theft like force technology
transfer like like outright you know
tariffs and barriers to entry and even
the Europeans the Europeans have said
okay you get this done we'll make some
noise about China in the WTO so I think
ultimately this is a this is a tactic
that is simply the use of tariffs if you
will and this hard bargain that the
president has driven is a tactic to
bring parties back to the table and
guess
what in the past you had diplomatic
solutions that were there were thought
to be the answer well in the last two
decades we've been getting ripped off in
many occasions nothing's happened the
diplomatic solution has not worked but
guess what today now we have a more fair
deal for the United States we have we
are better off American workers are
better off and we're not worse off
Colleen I'm gonna ask you to put your
diplomats hat on for a moment you'll
notice that we don't have a spokesperson
of anyone commenting from from Mexico
everyone we reached out to today
declined our invitation to to appear so
I'm going to ask you the Mexican side of
this deal was negotiated by the outgoing
administration of President Enrico
Benedetto to what extent does it tie the
hands do you think of the incoming
leftist administration oh it very much
ties their hands and in fact present
incoming president lopez obrador had a
very senior member who's likely to be in
his cabinet hey sue Saeed present at the
negotiations particularly in later
August remember him the outgoing
administration of Pena Nieto with their
Trade Minister of Defense will go hard
oh that negotiated it actually began
around the issue that Chris identified
the rules of origin relating to autos
and the wage component was a piece of
that they negotiated throughout August
and then suddenly they got a rubber
breakthrough and they they negotiated an
agreement but the incoming
administration is part of that and
remember the incoming administration has
already taken office in Congress but
they've got this kind of convoluted
transition period in Mexico the new
president doesn't take office until
December I'm gonna eat my words now
because lo and behold we have got
someone from from Mexico joining us on
the program in Mexico City it's Fernando
Gonzales raucous who's a professor of
international trade at the Monterey
Institute of Technology a higher
education and Mexico City it's good to
have you with us sir welcome to were two
inside story better late than never as
they say
Mexico's side of this deal was agreed
long before the standoff with Canada was
settled is it a good deal for Mexico
well first of all yes I mean this is
good news because as you said it is
better for the three countries having a
NAFTA - or a 2.0 then not
thing so it's in general good news of
course we have to review the text of the
agreement in detail to know to what
extent we have improved our benefits and
privileges as parties to the NAFTA than
before but in general is good news so in
fact here in Mexico we have welcomed the
news that Canada has joined the boat
this is certainly better having a
trilateral agreement instead of
bilateral agreement and now it seems
that are the markets are reacting
positively as well so yes this is this
is good for Mexico okay
and the question I put to Colleen just a
few moments ago to what extent does this
tie the hands though of the incoming
administration well I mean I would say
that it is also good news for the new
administration because having to start a
new government with the uncertainty of
now knowing whether there will be in
NAFTA and in what terms it's certainly
something that would have caused a a
problem to the new administration so it
is good for them knowing that that
problem is behind now as it was
mentioned previously by by the previous
speaking your in your show yeah a very
senior official participated directly in
the negotiation room during this process
I mean a senior official of the incoming
government so that means that they have
been closely following this this
negotiation so it's not that they will
be giving a text they are entirely
unfamiliar with to the contrary they
they probably know very well what Mexico
has committed to with these NAFTA 2.0
okay Chris last week the u.s. agreed to
begin bilateral talks with Japan it did
the same of the EU
back in July and yet the trade war
continues with with China is that
dispute hurting the US in any way
where's that going to end well it will
only hurt the United States if China
continues to refuse and we and we reach
a stalemate frankly I think that that's
not going to happen
China has much more to lose than the
United States as we mentioned earlier
we're in a position of strength
relatively speaking our economy is
thriving it's booming the jobs are being
created businesses are being started
profits are seeing all-time highs
markets are seeing all-time highs in the
United States it's not the same case in
China frankly what we're seeing is China
essentially getting caught red-handed
with forced IP transfers outright IP
theft
I mean China's entire R&D department is
just IP theft they don't really invent
anything there and you see President
Trump calling them on that Bluff okay
now the beauty of this strategy is that
the EU and our allies north and south of
the border especially now after this new
nafta 2.0 deal has been struck is that
we see them joining us now in in in
attack I guess approaching China and
trying to get them to actually change
some of these practices so look I think
frankly the United States does not have
much to lose but we will ultimately find
a solution an amicable solution with
China call it do you agree with that
China has more to lose than the u.s.
does I think both countries have a fair
bit to lose but I think that as Chris
points out the China was taking unfair
advantage talking about IP theft and the
rest and of course overproduction
particularly of steel is part of what
got us into the steel tariffs and things
I think that the Chinese are sort of
recognizing and I think that we look to
leadership usually from the United
States it's a it's a rather strange
leadership but if the European Canada
Mexico and others can come together
there's already negotiations at the OECD
and other places to sort of say alright
China you've come into the club of the
WTO but now we expect you to truly live
up to the spirit of the of the agreement
but of course the aw who gets comp
mr. Trump is taking a different view on
it as well but I think that this after
all was a us creation these
international institutions and I think
these international institutions are
still the best way to manage new members
into the club particularly China
gentlemen there I'm afraid we're gonna
have to leave it thank you very much
indeed for being with us today Chris
Garcia Colin Robertson and Fernando
Gonzalez raucous very briefly there
towards the end and thank you as always
for watching you can see the program
again at any time just by going to the
website at aljazeera.com for further
discussion join us at our facebook page
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story and you can join the conversation
on twitter our handle at aj inside story
from me
adrian Finnegan and the whole team here
in Doha thanks for watching we'll see
you again
you
you
