if the first day of March is supposed to
hint at the spring to come there's
little evidence of it here after a visit
from the beast from the east the worst
storm to hit Britain in 17 years even
chaos in its wake
many train services ground to a halt in
Scotland more than 300 people were
stranded on this Highway
some for up to 20 hours in their cars
conditions so bad that the First
Minister Nicola Sturgeon even urged
people not to travel schools in the
worst affected areas had to close some
made the most of it others gave up
fighting against the conditions phoned
in to work so I can't make britain's
Meteorological Office has issued red
warnings throughout the country meaning
a risk to life as the Siberian storm
front is set to collide with storm ever
heading north from the Atlantic snow
storms of this severity are highly
unusual in Europe at this time of the
year and they've affected countries all
the way from the far north down to the
Mediterranean it may look pretty but
these storms have been highly disruptive
and dangerous all over the continent
flights were canceled and airports
closed from Switzerland to Island where
thousands of homes were left without
electricity and people were advised to
stay at home dozens of people mainly
rough sleepers have been reported dead
across Europe even Venice the city of
canals didn't escape the big freeze its
historic buildings and monuments
blanketed in white the waterways still
flowing just about and in parts of
Croatia road maintenance team even used
explosives to remove the piles of snow
with more gales and blizzards expected
over the next couple of days the worst
may not be over yet
Sonia guy you go al-jazeera London
