this is alewife Adeem checkpoint through
which civilians have been told to leave
Eastern Utah it's day three of the
five-hour humanitarian pause and no
civilians have left the besieged and
clave no aid entered and no medical
cases evacuated the United Nations and
other humanitarian organizations say the
arrangement gives no security guarantees
it's impossible to bring a humanitarian
convoy in five hours agencies now have
years of experience with this and it can
take a day simply to pass checkpoints
even when the parties have agreed and
the residents say they don't trust the
truce we will never leave our homes I
hope God will take revenge against them
we will die under they opened the
crossings but you cannot trust them they
open them and then they bombed them they
want to displace us now Russia is
calling its daily humanitarian pause a
failure President Vladimir Putin is
blaming the rebels for preventing
civilians from leaving and the Russian
officer is warning the truce may not
last if there are no results the Russian
government could be sending a message
that the relentless bombardment on
Eastern Kuta during the first week of
the military campaign could resume
civilians are dying even with the pause
in the fighting but before the temporary
truce took effect dozens were killed on
a daily basis doctors say the medical
situation is desperate
even before the latest bombing campaign
began the UN repeatedly requested
permission from the government to
evacuate hundreds of patients who needed
medical care now
the list includes 1,000 names people who
were wounded in the assault in the past
10 days there was a lot of pressure on
medical care and gutte we have large
numbers of wounded in our centers there
are thousands of wounded in more than
500 martyrs there is a shortage in
medical supplies
we have been in a besieged area for more
than five years the regime prohibits
medical care for the wounded it is
extremely hard to work with the medical
supplies we have Eastern HOTAS 3 main
rebel factions are proposing kicking out
fighters linked to the former al Qaeda
affiliate al-nusra
front as a way to stop the government
assault the pro-government alliance
wants all rebels to leave we will be
ready to discuss I repeat any options
which will neutralize the terrorists
stop their activity if they can be taken
out somewhere we will not mind but this
all must be discussed we will be ready
to discuss any options which first of
all help to save people's lives there
has been limited advances in ground
fighting but the front lines are not
just on the edges of the enclaves
residential neighborhoods are also under
fire the Syrian government and its
allies don't seem willing to compromise
for them this is the final battle for
eastern ulta zeniff other al jazeera
Beirut
