this is Egyptian military video the Army
says it shows improvised explosive
devices planted by what it calls
terrorist elements human rights group
Amnesty International says one of the
shots is a cluster bomb which could only
have been dropped by the Egyptian Air
Force the munition serial number circled
here appears to confirm amnesties claim
they've done it before just earlier in
the month in Egyptian military officer
posted to his Twitter account what we
indicated another us type cluster
munition being used by loaded onto an
Egyptian plane and a plane that had a
Gyptian Air Force flags on it so they
seem to be quite proud of this it's ok
why the Egyptian military would release
such a video the use of cluster bombs if
confirmed would violate an international
treaty banning their use it may also
violate a United States law regarding
recipients of US military aid like Egypt
these cluster bombs are so dangerous and
so deadly because they're indiscriminate
they cannot be used with precision they
excel in farming maiming and killing
civilians Egypt has not signed the
treaty banning cluster munitions the
United States has not signed the treaty
either the Egyptian military has been
fighting armed groups in the northern
Sinai since 2013
hundreds of Egyptian security officers
have been killed there since the
military deposed the country's first
democratically elected leader Mohamed
Morsi despite several military campaigns
Egyptian authorities have failed to
regain full control over the Sinai
according to state media the military's
latest operation which began on February
9th has killed at least 82 fighters and
imprisoned more than 1,800 Imran Khan
now desert
