for the first time my father's name is
commemorated on an official level the
family of slain Kremlin critic boris
nemstov in washington DC on the third
anniversary of his killing they say to
send a message to Moscow he will be
remembered the renamed a portion of Road
in his honor in front of the Russian
embassy more sniffs a Plaza puts Russia
on notice vitamin Putin I noticed that
the world is watching there was plenty
of tough talk from US politicians
Senator Ron Johnson tells al Jazeera he
believes without a doubt that the
Russian government interfered in the
u.s. election that they are still sowing
division on social media to which
Congress responded by passing sanctions
that the president is refusing to
implement but the Congress seems
unlikely to push him for the sanctions
and we learned Tuesday the u.s. is not
fighting back in cyberspace according to
the director of the National Security
Agency the president hasn't authorized
him to try and disrupt what's happening
we're taking steps but we're probably
not doing enough okay so she wants to
know and I don't know why the hell not
take I'm an operational commander ma'am
you're asking me a question that's so
much bigger than me Admiral Mike Rogers
says Russia will continue because it
hasn't paid a price I put this question
to Republican senator Roger wicker but
if you believe they've interfere with
the election and that they're still
trying to sow discord within social
media and the president won't pass
sanctions even though he's being
investigated for potentially colluding
with the Russians during the election
how does this not seem kind of minor
well I think this is a major step today
and
you can you can put it in the context of
everything that's happening in the world
today we are making a statement about a
brave man so know the signs are up what
does it actually mean well anyone coming
into the Russian embassy if they look up
they'll have to read the name but as far
as writing mail or giving people their
address that's still Wisconsin Avenue
the Russians are reportedly going to
fire back naming an alley by the US
Embassy in Moscow one North America dead
end a war of words so far without many
consequences patty :
al jazeera Washington
