this is what many people across the UK
woke up to roads blocked
public transport canceled and schools
closed fun for some misery for others in
Croatia the army were drafted in to
rescue people trapped in their houses
but as fast as the snow was cleared more
quickly fell and in the Italian capital
Romans experienced the first snow in six
years
turning the Vatican into a battleground
cold weather in winter is hardly
surprising but what's unsettling
scientists is that Europe is currently
colder than the Arctic a freak warming
around the North Pole is sending a blast
of arctic cold across the continent
weather experts say man-made global
warming is to blame what we normally see
is the wind's coming in from the West
the Jetstream winds but with this
massive war which takes place high up in
the atmosphere about 50 degrees in the
space of a couple of days it breaks down
that pattern allows this big area of
high pressure to form sitting across
much of Europe and of course with that
sort of wind direction coming in from
the east and northeast it pulls the cold
air in all the way from Siberia of
course you know what that means
desperately cold air strong winds with
it and that called El penetrate across
Europe for some days yet in the 1970s
climate scientists came up with a theory
that the warm in the Arctic the colder
the European continent they even gave in
an anagram W a warmer arctic sea sea
called a continent or as the scientists
prefer to call it wacky people here in
South East England may be surprised by
this unusual or wacky weather but it
could in the future be the shape of
things to come on the Norwegian
archipelago of Svalbard in the High
Arctic scientists have recorded
temperatures 13 degrees centigrade above
average sea ice is retreating exposing
warmer water below and releasing more
heat into the atmosphere and while
arctic temperatures increase the wacky
weather continues to leave Europe out in
the cold
nee Baga al Jazeera in Ken
southeast England
