it's just one hour before the
performance
an artistic director Eleanor shauvik
over walks the dancers hard to ensure
perfection before they take to Domas
Opera House stage they can't put a foot
wrong as a moisture ballet company has
to maintain its reputation as one of the
best in the world our mission to bring
their the soul of Russian people all the
people with our heroic eco morcilla
founded the company in 1937 he was the
first we've traditional folk dance into
its repertoire with an aim to reflect
the world's diverse cultures customs and
costumes Washington can you'd say I've
got that it's important to share this
kind of art because it builds bridges
between nations we want to share with
people the kindness energy sincerity and
openness of the Russian people
shobukhova says the value lies in
engaging a worldwide audience to sharing
and exchanging ideas through culture
the art is higher than political
if the political is clever the culture
for them means something you know we are
not for political curses we are for all
the people during the year of culture
Russia is showcasing more than a hundred
exhibitions and shows in Qatar and all
starting with a moist safe dance company
here in Katara's Opera House
now the artistic director of the company
says she hopes this cultural exchange
will help to build bridges and showcase
the rich history of Russian arts
both qatar and russia believed these
events are important to promote stronger
ties between the two nations
this year of culture reflects the wealth
of creativity in both countries and the
desire of intellectuals and innovators
to build bridges and revive common
values to see the culture of Qatar to
see the sculpture village to see this
wonderful city and to stay here at least
for a couple of weeks and we'd like to
have more people from Kappa come to
Russia
Moishe openness company drew on the folk
traditions of the Soviet Union and took
the world by storm
and legacy Chava Cova is determined to
continue Laura garden manley al jazeera
Doha
