on the lookout for al-qaeda these
fighters belong to the United Arab
Emirates as Shiblon elite forces they
began patrolling the streets of the AL
maqam district in eastern Yemen on
Monday as part of Operation decisive
sword an initiative by the saudi-led
coalition which includes the UAE to
clear areas considered to be al-qaida
strongholds at this media briefing a
minister belonging to the
internationally recognized government
led by president Abdul Rabbuh Mansour
Hadi agreed the armed groups reach was
spreading but also criticized the UAE
accusing it of trying to fragment Yemen
by creating what he described as
separate regional and tribal armies the
situation is very bad in all liberated
areas particularly those in the south
where there are tribal armies
established and supported by the United
Arab Emirates
there are also provincial armies and
there are gangs even al Qaeda is
spreading there in large parts of the
governor√≠s al Qaeda has never been as
present as it is right now Yemen has
suffered almost three years of civil war
the saudi-led Coalition is fighting
Iranian backed Houthi rebels who control
large parts of the country the Yemeni
government now based in the southern
port city of Aden relies on the
coalition's air power which is why
criticisms of the UAE by ministers has
surprised some there's no question that
the UAE has a significant presence on
the ground in Yemen they're part of the
saudi-led coalition and probably the
second most important partner after the
Saudis that being said I think generally
speaking they continue to enjoy a
significant amount of popular support
and if you look at what the UAE has been
able to achieve in fighting terrorist
groups like al-qaeda in the Arabian
Peninsula with some of the groups that
Jobrani has speak has taught about has
been speaking about these groups have
actually played a major role in pushing
al-qaeda out of key areas since the war
began at least 10,000 Yemenis have been
killed the economy crippled and millions
face famine and disease the UN says
nearly all 25 million people need some
form of humanitarian assistance with
close to half of the population in the
cute need of support as the fighting is
about to enter its fourth year few have
much hope of improvement anytime soon in
theatres I of al-jazeera
