China is a nation of production lines
and here's another novice skiers
children mostly going through their
paces on slopes partially covered in
artificial snow the ski run is in the
Chong Li district where some of the
events in 2022 will take place the
beginners include function whose father
brought her here from their home eight
hours drive away I really like skiing I
enjoy the fast speed when I go down a
slope it's so exciting and so much fun
that fun will cost her father almost
$800 for two days including
accommodation but it's worth it he says
yes ah it can be expensive if you want
to be really good at it but for some
short-term fun it's affordable these
skiers won't be in China's next squad
for 2022 but they are helping raise the
profile of winter sports where Olympic
success for the Chinese remains elusive
not so long ago skiing was regarded as a
decadent unaffordable Western pastime
but among China's growing middle class
the sport is becoming more popular
encouraged to take to the slopes by the
country's president President Xi
Jingping has set a lofty goal for 300
million more people to take up winter
sports according to government figures
the number of enthusiasts in 2016 was
less than 11 million to help make skiing
more accessible to the masses hundreds
more resorts are being built the
approach of the Winter Games is helping
transform areas like Chong Li when ho
spends half his day working down a
nearby mine the rest managing a ski
rental shop he's had more than ten
thousand customers since the season
began four months ago the government now
considers winter sports an important
industry investors are also seeing
opportunities ski resource in this area
now generate more tax revenue than the
coal mines
just under half the venues for 2022 are
in the capital they include several used
in the 2008 summer games that have been
repurposed for winter events and unlike
2008 Chinese Olympic officials may feel
they have less to prove now than they
did then Adrian Brown al Jazeera in
Chong Li northeast China
