there was a time when the city of basu
lay on an island surrounded by the
waters of Lake Chad but over the past
few decades life has dramatically
changed Vasa was an island in the middle
of the lake now we are ten kilometres
away since 1966 the lakes water has been
receding it continued to dry up in the
1970s every year more and more the lake
is getting further away from us both so
used to be thriving people lived on
fishing farming and herding it was
considered the warehouse of the
different region where the borders of
Cameroon Chad Nigeria and Niger meet now
it's a desert city where people barely
survive lake chad has shrunk by 80
percent over the past 25 years and
continues to recede
our Emami owns a red pepper farm known
here as manga gold it's very popular in
both Niger and Nigeria business used to
be good the Chad Lake is the backbone of
the economy in this region people were
self-sufficient and now we're facing
dire problems and we need help if the
lake dries up people will die out of
hunger the area has been sealed for two
years as a result of the war against
Boko Haram with the absence of rainfall
in a drought prone region West African
countries are looking for options to
save the lake including transferring
water from other sources but that needs
funding and security both unavailable at
the moment the rise in poverty has led
to an increase in the popularity of Boko
Haram in many places the armed group has
become the only employer feeding on a
widespread feeling of hopelessness
especially among young people
many of the floor and fauna species are
now extinct people have lost their
livelihoods and are now desperate this
enabled some of the terrorist groups to
attract the lakes residents to join
their ranks and secure a source of
income now the lack of security is
hindering all efforts to save the lake
were working on many fronts but we need
time but time is running out
aid organizations say the humanitarian
crisis around the lake is among the most
severe in the world about ten point
seven million people are in urgent need
of assistance or else will soon face
famine people who have stayed here from
generation to generation now left to
wonder for how much longer will they be
able to live on the land of their
ancestors
hey dr. Hameed al Jazeera
