they called me Beverly messing film goes
to touch me not when her film was
entered in this year's competition few
might have thought Edina Pantheon would
scoop the top prize but for the jury no
other film and no other director was
more deserving touch-me-not
is an examination of physical intimacy
where the main characters explore their
emotions and feelings for each other but
also their fears about opening up to one
another this was its directors first
full-length work which explains her
shock at winning both Best Film and Best
first feature so it's so important this
is coming because we would like that the
dialogue touch-me-not proposes opens to
the world so we invite we invite you the
viewer to dialogue a rancid apple core
to warm eating banana peels although a
few Hollywood studio movies were in the
competition the film Isle of Dogs gained
its director Wes Anderson a silver bear
his movie offers us a stop-motion
animated adventure in a dystopian future
Japan where a form of canine flu has
forced the authorities to quarantine all
dogs on a remote island the u.s. actor
Bill Murray voices the role of one of
the characters he picked up the award on
Wes Anderson's behalf I never thought
that I would go to work as a dog and
come home with a bear
the Silver Bear grand jury prize went to
the Polish film mug based on the
experiences of an industrial worker
called a yachak who suffers a
disfiguring accident who are working on
a vast statue of Jesus yeah check
requires a face transplant and his
subsequent experience and the reaction
he receives depicts what the film's
director feels is the changing face of
Poland so this festival is drawn to a
close with a controversial choice for
the Golden Bear the top prize
touch-me-not
from Modena Pinta Lea has been described
by some as polarizing opinion with its
examination of physical intimacy in the
21st century but for her this is a
triumphant night Dominic Kane al Jazeera
Berlin
