these traders are suspicious of
strangers but not so afraid that they'll
stop what they're doing any day of the
week there are threatened and endangered
species on display but that's gross we
showed our video to conservationists
that's different feel it and we don't
that looks like angry knowledge that one
the trade in in liquids is is supposed
to be highly regulated the Convention on
the international trade in endangered
species have leopards near the top of
their list trade in big cat parts is
permitted but only in exceptional
circumstances it's because it's a
cultural issue that they won't touch it
the traders sell to healers who use it
for mutti or traditional medicine which
plays an important role in many African
cultures and is widely practiced
conservationists have been warning for
years about the illegal trade in animal
parts yet at two of Johannesburg's big
booty markets we found evidence of
threatened species at both and there are
several other markets like that around
the country the government says it's
trying to strike a balance between
education and enforcement the challenge
is one we are so small in the department
itself we have plus - I would say 50
inspectors and we react to so many in
total you have for the country we have
two thousand eight hundred and something
inspectors traditional healers
communicate with ancestors to diagnose
and treat patients many Africans use it
in conjunction with Western medicine
seek for an example in a headaches
severe headache
in order for me to heal that headache
I've got to get a Heine
the nose of a hyena to mix with my hips
it's very powerful in a month and it's
it has a very very put in effect on the
traditional healers say if ancestors
demand a certain animal endangered or
not they must obey but in helping their
patients some species are
in hurt for now it seems that in a
country with so many challenges stopping
the illegal trade is not a priority for
the South African government Tonya page
al Jazeera Johannesburg
