it's a normal Sunday morning three
separate services are being held here in
the same place at the same time just
meters from each other the Armenian
Orthodox are conducting mass in Armenian
in a chapel above the church
the Assyrian Orthodox Mass is conducted
in Aramaic the language spoken by Jesus
himself
while the Roman Orthodox service is
conducted in Arabic this is the story of
Christianity's holiest church
Jerusalem is a divided city it's been
this way throughout its modern history
over nearly four decades the Israeli
authorities have tried to unify it as
their capsule but today the rift between
its inhabitants is deeper than ever
Arab and Jewish residents live in
different districts they speak different
languages attend to different schools
weave different newspapers watch
different television channels they live
different lives
the Arab quarter looks feels and smells
like any other Arab city traders and
shoppers jostling for space and women
wearing hijabs are all features of this
part of the city
the Jewish quarter by contrast feels and
sounds altogether different this part of
the city is Western in appearance and
its outlook is distinctly Jewish there's
no mixing between the two you won't find
Arabs in the Jewish quarter nor Jews in
the Arab quarter but because the city is
small and of great importance to Judaism
Christianity and Islam it's a place
where all have to interact and there is
no better example of the multicultural
multi-faith character of Jerusalem than
one of its most famous sites
this is no ordinary key and this is no
ordinary building on Christmas Day in
the year 800 the day of Charlemagne's
coronation in Rome the new emperor said
to have been given a similar key by the
patriarch of Jerusalem as a token of
respect
today's copy belongs to a German saber
surprisingly perhaps for the doorkeeper
of such a site new saber like his
predecessors is a Muslim
surprising because this is the Church of
the Holy Sepulchre the holiest shrine in
Christendom
every year hundreds of thousands of
pilgrims and tourists the faithful
alongside the curious visit the site
where Christians believe Jesus Christ
was buried
the original church was built in 330 AD
by Empress Helena the mother of the
Roman Emperor Constantine
it houses the last Stations of the Cross
on the Via Dolorosa
the journey which Christians believe
Jesus took to his crucifixion here -
it's claimed his body was washed and
buried
the practice of having a Muslim guard
the sepulchre goes back to the seventh
century it was then the Islamic ruler
Kayla farmer took Jerusalem and put one
of his Arab warriors an ancestor of the
new Sabres in charge of the shrine
Tom when the fella farmer came to
Jerusalem in the seventh century my
predecessors came with him
we entered the city as conquerors
terraformer received the keys of the
Church of the Holy Sepulcher from the
Roman Orthodox Patriarch safer Aeneas
and from that time on we are entrusted
with the opening and closing the church
and we pass it from father to son in his
role as key keeper Ruggiano saber has
met past and present world leaders
including Russian President Vladimir
Putin and George Bush before he became
president of the United States the truth
is that I saw Putin as a great man he
visited the site and showed a lot of
respect for it as opposed to President
Bush who was in such a hurry did not
last longer than five minutes in fact
President Putin sent me a gift after his
visit
Buju no sabers only son or beta is said
to follow in his father's footsteps like
his ancestors
obadah is very aware of the historic
significance of his role it's a matter
of family honor this is like a long
march and we have to finish it we
started it and we have to complete it to
the end the same family has not only
guarded the church but has acted as an
arbiter among the seven feuding
Christian denominations
or young vomitorium years ago for the
Armenian Church which is one of the
three main groups here it's an
arrangement which works well Sultan
Salahuddin has ordered that a Muslim
doorkeeper keep the peace among the
different Christian factions and I think
this has been beneficial to the
Christian denominations and almost
harmoniously with our Muslim doorkeepers
for others though this arrangement is
less than satisfactory Muslims have the
keys because the government of the time
the Muslim government gave the keys to
to these families and they can be seen
as representatives of the government the
giving of the keys was an act of
sovereignty and it's it's part of
history there's nothing we can do about
that
although wuji admits to being deeply
touched by the christian rituals
he never prays inside the church instead
he goes to the mosque next door the
armored mosque built and named after the
seventh century conqueror of Jerusalem
is where Armour himself used to pray he
refused to use the church in cases
encourage Muslims to take it over for
their own religious purposes and it was
in this same spirit of tolerance and
coexistence that Armour compiled a
covenant regulating the affairs of the
local community a new marble replica of
the original covenant hangs near the
mosque entrance Alomari domine covenant
this is an assurance of peace and
protection by the servant of Allah
Omer commander the believers to the
people of Jerusalem he gives them an
assurance of protection for the lives
properties churches and crosses they
shall not be occupied demolished or
taken away we shall not be coerced in
the religion nor shall any of them be
harmed it's not only Muslims who value
the Covenant Christians to
hello Miriam took tab liquor at Acuna
FIFA trottin Germany Yamaha alpha 10
million the armoury covenant was not
written to be restricted to a certain
date or a historical period instead it
was written to form a way of life the
culture
this is how we view it and we had the
Orthodox Church continuously stressed
the value of the armoury covenant
because illustrates the historical
context to our relationships really get
the present and its value in cementing
relations and avoiding signs of division
and sectarianism we want people also on
family muslims and christians in this
holy land
Annamarie covenant ought to be an
important element in strengthening this
relationship feet our Syrah feet OH
Takuya ta'ala
the Christian churches many identities
and fragile harmony are reflected in the
distribution of duties between the
denominations
today the incense ritual is performed by
the Roman Orthodox followed by the
Armenians and then the cops each
according to its own protocol
in many ways the building is a microcosm
of Jerusalem itself
historical provisions the constant
battle against foreign interference
the tombs of Godfrey to be on
Jerusalem's Conqueror and his brother
Baldwin the first the first Crusader
King of Jerusalem are within the church
not far away is the place of prayer and
meditation used by salahuddin the mighty
Muslim commander who in 1187 retook
Jerusalem from the Crusaders more than
eight centuries later the issue of
ownership and occupation are as heated
as ever the dog's church is the first
Church the oldest heritage and it is the
church that one day all of the holy
sites the other churches were only able
to exist here as a result of the arrival
of the Crusaders only then did those
churches all connect
allora we came after the Crusades
because the Crusaders left and
1187 and we basically came in 1233 we
came with the permission of the rulers
here and I don't see it as a problem I
mean that we're proud of our history the
argument is to who has the primary claim
to the Sepulcher is as old as the
building itself first in line so it
claims is the Ethiopian Church Ethiopia
is has long history with the Holy Land
since the Old Testament it's in the 1st
century over the last 50 years one
particular territorial dispute has come
to a head who owns the data Sultan
monastery the monastery is directly
above the Church of the Holy Sepulchre
perched on top of it both the cops and
the Ethiopians have long claimed to be
the sole rightful guardians the matter
was complicated by the Israeli
occupation of East Jerusalem in 1967 the
cops blamed the Israelis for handing
over their assault on to the Ethiopians
for their part the Ethiopians who claim
to have always had a presence in the
Holy Land
say it's theirs not by gift but by right
had a little salt on their cookie this
is Daryl sultan the coptic monastery
which has the Ethiopians as guests of
the Coptic Church it is in these small
Hut's where Coptic families used to live
you cannot see her
whenever Ethiopians came here a Coptic
family would move out to make way for
them as guests of the Coptic Church it
stayed like this for a long time your
finger no it belongs to us first from
from the beginning we started living in
the holy land first and the cops came
after after us she hums officially in a
tree on the 25th of April in 1970 we
were at the church praying during Easter
Mass my sister was walking outside the
monastery and she saw the Israeli army
standing at the doors they were breaking
the locks and then replacing them with
their own it wasn't the Ethiopians the
Israeli army and they placed security
Corden's
my sister came running to tell us that
they changed the keys and that the army
was outside officially they know the
places are belong to us before the court
the court took from us the places or so
many places the political situation at
the time was very acrimonious between
Egypt and Israel there was no peace
treaty yet and there was great hostility
between the two and that was a way to
get back at Egypt because they were
enemies well we are trying to solve in
Christian Way too
scattered to sister churches but now
there is no solution because you know
there is no agreement before before we
between the churches and the mother
churches trying to solve the problem
the patriarchs are trying to solve the
problem but now until now there is no
solution but we are waiting for that for
solution but some of those mother
churches have already made up their mind
national witness but the Elena no not
the omocha falcon isa al cochlea for us
we support the position of the Coptic
Church we respect and value the Coptic
Church and its role especially its
spiritual social & hyuna Terrien role
represented by His Holiness Pope
Shenouda I believe that what happened
was an act of revenge against the
context physician and a sea disposition
to all the peace treaties with Israel
and war of blackmail and pressure but
beyond these local factional disputes is
an issue bigger than them all and one
which may ultimately focus the attention
of Jerusalem's Christian community on
greater unity
that problem is emigration many
Christians are abandoning the holy land
for a better life for themselves and
their families
the reason it's argued is the Israeli
presence in East Jerusalem and the other
occupied territories alchool you drink
I'll call you drink I believe that
everybody recognizes that includes our
Muslim brothers they all recognize the
importance of a Christian presence in
this holy land what is alternative
can we talk about Palestine a place
where the church was established to
spread and for it to be divided pushing
there are many reasons for the migration
but the main one one more it's due the
effects of the occupation the economic
and social catastrophes that were
generated about occupation to emigrate
Jaya lat Alka theory NOFA karoon the
initiative
at the end of a busy day with general
Sabre locks up the Church of the Holy
Sepulchre and heads home to his family
but he'll be back tomorrow early to open
the door again at 4:00 in the morning
you
