hello and welcome to rewind I'm Rochelle
Carey and the decades since we launched
al Jazeera English back in 2006 we have
built a library of moving and powerful
documentaries here on rewind revisiting
some of the best of them and looking at
how the story has moved on today we are
rewinding ten years to 2008 when ragga
Omar set out on a unique journey across
the United States to get to the heart of
what it meant to be Muslim in America
and that was back in the decade of 9/11
and the Iraq war that followed since
then of course the world has turned with
the rise of Isis the political upheavals
that followed the Arab Spring the chaos
that has engulfed first Libya then Syria
and of course the election of Donald
Trump and his travel ban so today it's
more important than ever to understand
the history of a vibrant diverse and
still growing Muslim community and what
it means to be both Muslim and a patriot
here's Islam in America from 2008
don't
mention America and Islam and most
people think of irreconcilable conflict
but I suspect that's not the whole story
in this two-part series I hope to
discover the true relationship that's
evolving between the two there are said
to be 8 million Muslims in the United
States and the faith is said to be the
fastest growing religion in this country
and the roots and history of Islam are
longer than most people are aware of I
want to travel across this huge country
to find out the stories of what it's
like to be an American Muslim in this
program I'll be searching for the
origins of Islam in America talking to
African Americans who are just
discovering their own Islamic history
and exploring if being American fits
comfortably with being Muslim
my journey begins with a trip to
Minneapolis in the Midwest it may seem
an odd destination for a program on
Islam because its citizens are mostly
Jewish and Christian but in 2007 voters
here elected America's first Muslim
congressman keith Ellison
Keith's back on the campaign trail on a
most significant anniversary today is
June 10th it commemorates June 19 1865
the abolition of slavery these are local
political activists and they're coming
on the parade to get people in this
community fired up about voting and at
the heart of their efforts are young
Muslims playing their part to try and
get congressman keith Ellison the first
Muslim in Congress reelected keith
Ellison is a charismatic politician
who's keen to get young Muslims started
in politics keith introduces me to his
intern Cowell this sort of young Muslims
who are living in other parts of the
world I think being a Muslim in America
is a very tough thing in that true I
mean there's advantages or disadvantages
we definitely have a lot more
opportunities it's kind of difficult
growing up and it different especially
where I'm from it's Wisconsin and
the only Muslim in my school the only
Muslim in my high school so that's
definitely a challenge but once you get
it past that you know you can there's so
many different avenues so many different
opportunities for you to connect with
and what it's like to be able to come
into the United States it's challenging
and rewarding all at the same time but I
think the most important thing to
remember is that you own this you know
what we can make it all big if we want
to and I encourage all Muslims around
the world to actually do the same you
know please get to know your elected
officials vote you know that's the only
way you can make a difference you know
this wouldn't slaves go free right this
is a great example of the American art
of glad-handing it's the way to the
electoral heart of the nation how
candidates meet their voters and is paid
off for Keith here in Minneapolis and
it's worked elsewhere now Americans have
elected to Muslims to Congress all of
these groups that have historically been
on the margins of American society now
I'm coming in you know and there's
enough for everybody right in there
enough for those Muslims around the
world in Western countries who have no
idea about the community here how would
you say life is for Muslims in America
at the moment in all groups and areas of
life you do hear about people getting
hassled in the airport you know there's
a long way to go absolutely because the
impression most people have I mean come
from Britain in terms of Muslims is that
basically everyone's hiding under their
beds
that's broadly speaking that the besa
not only did I not only did I just get
elected by an overwhelmingly Jewish and
Christian community so did Andre Carson
yeah who's Muslim in Indiana so people
need to not look for excuses to
disengage you have to get involved you
have to run the risk that you're going
to encounter bumps and a long way
she's still after seen and heard
certainly Keith needed the votes of
Christians and Jews to get elected but
there's a community of 44,000 Somali
Muslims here the biggest in America they
even have their own TV network and they
all got behind Keith's Somali TV of
Minnesota and we are so glad to have
here today with bragging on my from Al
Jazeera okay let's focus - we are Muslim
and you are in Europe countries I think
Muslims in European countries believe
that you know they enjoy the greatest
freedoms and the Muslim communities in
the West are thriving most of all in
Europe and when they think about the
position of Muslims in a in America to
be honest with you I think they think
that the numbers are tiny before I
caught the plane here actually I was
with my mom and I asked her I said there
mom who you as we say in Somali how many
Muslims do you think there are in the
whole of the United States and she said
hundred thousand hundred and fifty
thousand you know in the whole United
States but I mean as I understand
there's anywhere between five and eight
million I mean when you think about
America as the land of opportunity and
sort of seizing things with both hands
maybe sort of you know the next rocky
Oma's if I could be so arrogant as to
say that will come from here if it's you
I have distant relatives in the Somali
community here they were among the first
to escape the civil war that's been
raging in my homeland
off and on for decades 20 years on and a
new wave of refugees has arrived from
Somalia some have just graduated college
and are throwing a party to celebrate
their achievements we came here to take
advantage of the opportunities that are
here at the same time to keep our
identity as Muslims we're all going
through the same experiences let's not
forget our identity and let's give back
to the community
I'm a very blessed person because excuse
me while I get a little bit emotional um
we've been given so much you know we've
gone through so much but you read the
news what's happening at home I have
nothing to complain about
after that we need some laps so I
wouldn't have welcome
thank you very much but the problem is
they don't speak English
let's bring some money Maggie better
than me no he's a big shot making
$1,000,000 a year who knows how you
doing
my adopted home England has a bigger
Somali community than Minneapolis and
it's been settled for longer but they
don't tend to think of England as home
my parents are typical their mental bags
are still packed to return to Somalia
but that's not true here these Somalis
no less scarred or traumatized by their
experiences have planted roots deeper
and faster than any Somali community
I've seen in the world their own talk of
returning home they are home it's a
message that came across loud and clear
and I was still hearing it in the taxi
to the airport with Abdul Mohammed so
how long you live at least 15 years 15
years yeah
and you came from Somalia Somalia yeah
in Mogadishu yeah I was born there
I haven't been there for a long time a
lot of problem last 15 17 years in
England we Somalis you know we're not
that organized you know here in America
we don't organize if you don't vote if
you don't participate American way of
living you lost yeah so you know that
that's the way to be visible that's the
way to get heard yes can you be Muslim
and American Abdi
yes do you have to sacrifice one to be
the other you have to be American first
and you have to do what other Americans
do you sacrifice your life to defending
America because this is our country
this is feel that you know I mean we
don't think about going back home I'll
sacrifice my life defending this country
because the opportunity I get the
welcoming I get that's a powerful
statement compared to where I come from
how we were how I was you know a lot a
friend of mine who died the war where we
come where I come from coming here you
know having what I have
this home
Minnesota is a liberal state in the
Democratic heartland of the Midwest a
welcoming place for these Somalis the
latest black immigrants to establish
themselves in America but in the early
years of its history America was the
very opposite of welcoming for the first
Africans to reach these shores
for 300 years Africans were brought here
in Chains as slave labor I'm heading to
Jackson Mississippi in the deep south to
meet some of the descendants of those
first African Americans because it seems
that their history lies at the heart of
the story of Islam in America
this impressive-looking building is
actually the state capital of
Mississippi and I'll be honest I've come
with my own really strong preconceptions
about the south for me it's about being
in the heart of the Bible Belt
it's about prejudice and a history of
segregation but I've actually been told
that the story of Islam in America
begins of all places here centuries
before Muhammad Ali or Malcolm X and
it's a story that begins with slavery it
starts here because most of the slaves
ship from Africa came to work the
plantations of the south among them were
Muslims forbidden from practicing their
faith they found secret ways to keep
Islam alive calling the faithful to
prayer here in Mississippi is Abdul
Rashid
he believes that one way they achieve
this was through music
the Africans brought the music here as
slaves people saying blues came from
Mississippi I don't think so I've been
hearing about the link between the call
to prayer and the songs that slaves used
to sing in the fields how they similar
the call to prayer Allahu Akbar Allahu
Akbar if you ever went to a Baptist
Church then you can hear this in a
Baptist Church
all of the Baptist is especially
Southern Baptist is they start off with
a acapella singing the whole
congregation is singing you know I love
the Lord hear my cry
because the entire Quran was basically
chanted in excess you know and it was
chanted basically in that minor scale
you see that connection to you and
you're singing things that are deeply
embedded within the sort of African
American Express and the Blues not only
that but that was one of the things that
guided me to Islam really yes the music
and when you start reading when I was
introduced to the Quran that was you
found it there is what I found it there
as well so I think that for my opinion
no this is just my opinion and with my
opinion in a dollar and something you
can get a cup of coffee okay but this is
my opinion that this entire movement is
a spiritual movement and is geared
toward Islam like Abdullah more and more
people of all ethnicities are finding
their way to Islam a third of all
Muslims in America about 2 million a
converts the people at the mosque in
Jackson are convinced that this is
having a positive impact on the entire
nation Alcala Rashid is one of the
founding members here colo is involved
in a new research project with 25 other
historians they believe their
discoveries will not only rewrite the
history of Islam in America but
transform our understanding of African
cultures as part of this initiative or
Colo founded the International Museum of
Muslim cultures the first in America
research here suggests the number of
Muslim slaves was much greater than
previously thought
one-third of all of the enslaved
Africans that were brought to the
Americas actually were Muslims nobody
knows this is this kind of new
cutting-edge information because when we
read our history books we don't see that
we have one of the great stories here in
Mississippi in a place called Natchez
Mississippi we have the story of Prince
Abdul Rahman Ibrahim he was an African
Muslim
and scholar came out of the area around
Gambia and he was actually slaved in
Natchez for over 40 years and we have
that story but but you're a combination
of all these things that's unique here
to the to the deep south aren't you I
mean Africa American and Muslim and why
is that why is it important to stress I
mean in this exhibit in your work this
missing link of Islam in in in in this
illness it's the most important reason
is that it's going to help the African
American to become a first-class citizen
as opposed to a second-class citizen and
this whole standing up for rights fight
for freedom leading the whole effort in
America for reforming America and and
bringing America to respect its own
constitution or blending it is really
was that's what makes me optimistic
about the future this corner of the
exhibition is really interesting because
you've got real evidence of this link
between Islam and slavery in Mississippi
and Ibrahim Abdul Rahman who was known
as the Prince among slaves who was sold
into slavery for forty years before
winning his freedom I'm going to live as
a free man in Liberia and I understand
that there are his descendants still
living in the United States and I'm
going to try and find them
I now see that what's at the heart of
the story of Islam in America is the
story of slavery and on this issue
America was divided as early as the
1770s some Americans were calling for
the abolition of slavery one of these
Thomas Jefferson proposed forming a
colony in Africa to take freed slaves
but it wasn't until 1863 after the Civil
War that slavery was finally abolished
with it came the economic collapse of
the southern states which depended on
slaves the big plantations fell to ruin
and two million freed slaves headed for
the northern cities for those who stayed
behind life remained brutal well into
the 20th century lynching and murder
were everyday facts of life for African
Americans across the south african
americans have been telling me that here
in mississippi a place I've always
associated with prejudice they can now
be Muslim without prejudice and that
this is an essential part of being a
Muslim in America the fight against
prejudice and the struggle to be free
and it was in pursuit of this struggle
that in the early part of the 20th
century millions of African Americans
abandon the south and they headed north
which is where I'm going next
I'm catching the night train to Chicago
following in the footsteps of millions
of freed slaves drawled to the city by
the promise of jobs in the factories and
stockyards and above all with the hope
of living a life free from prejudice but
they did have another option to sail for
Liberia the colony America established
for freed slaves in Africa it was a
stark choice scratch a living in
America's ghettos or build a nation from
scratch the Muslim Prince Ibrahim of
Mississippi that a caller told me about
was among the first to sail for Liberia
where he dreamt of establish in Islam
but the early settlers encountered
little but disease and hardship and
Prince Ibrahim barely saw the completion
of the first settlement before he died
modern Liberia has suffered a succession
of civil wars and feeing the last of
these was Abraham's
great-great-great-great grandson who has
turned this story on its head he fled
Walton Liberia to find freedom in
America his name is Artemis gay I came
to this country and it was just the
sheer sense of understanding my own
country's history that I spent hours in
the library just trying to find out the
history of the colonization from
Mississippi to Liberia and then I did
find out yes they worship there was a
ship manifesto and on one the ship named
our phone or great-grandfather's name
his name was Abdul Rahman ibrahim sri or
he was one of the sons of sri model who
was an alum ami was a prince but also
clearly by his name a Muslim a Muslim
that's very important to realize that
you understood science he understood
medicine and that for me was like
winning a lottery or you know amazing
weeks in Reverse here I had to come from
Africa to finally reach here I have to
come from Africa to fight to seek refuge
and I found Chicago as a place an
intellectual place for me his spiritual
home for me in above all it has one
largest collection of books in Africa
you were found no way in Africa it's
right here in Chicago
how importance was it that Abdul Rahman
your relative who's a Muslim this
country has to understand that its roots
especially when it comes to
african-american is an Islamic which
African Americans should not see that as
just a religion you see as part of his
heritage
and the good thing about it people
respect each other here you know in the
midst of all of this this diversity so
that's something that Chicago has that
we would say shows what it means when
people in from the first quarter or Merc
Artemis has a good point
Chicago is culturally very diverse and
it has a large Muslim community big
enough to justify this celebration of
Arab culture it's the second year
running the city is celebrating its
links with the Middle East for those
former slaves who fled the south a
little over a hundred years ago the
transformation of this city Seoul would
be unbelievable african-americans came
to Chicago as part of one of the largest
human migrations of the 20th century
they were leaving the segregated and
racist South in search of a new life and
what many hopes would be a promised land
and I was out of this experience that
was born the first American Muslim
movement and it was known as the Nation
of Islam in the 1930s a radical idea
began to spread through the cities of
America the idea that white people were
irredeemably evil from the cornerstone
of the Nation of Islam whose theology
combined Islam and black nationalism the
nation's message appealed to African
Americans who'd fled the bigotry of the
South by the 1950s the nation had around
a hundred thousand members led by Elijah
Muhammad
but I'll rap with it can you God
but what gave the nation some
credibility were high-profile members
including the boxer Cassius Clay who
took the name Muhammad Ali and the
radical charismatic activist Malcolm X
situation most Negroes don't know the
political power they hold they don't
realize that they can put the man in the
White House or they can take the man out
of the White House but in 1965 after
leaving the movement Malcolm X was
assassinated defection soared and off
that Elijah Muhammad died most of the
membership converted to mainstream Islam
I'm on a bit of a pilgrimage south of
Chicago to meet a man who's had a
profound effect on the story of Islam in
America he's the son of Elijah Muhammad
but he led the largest single conversion
to mainstream Islam that America has
ever seen
amam Wallace Dean Muhammad lives
modestly here in Chicago he became the
head of the Nation of Islam when his
father Elijah Muhammad died in 1975
Wallace Dean persuaded most of the
nation to adopt mainstream Islam and he
changed the nation's name to the world
community of Islam in the West there
were some very startling ideas that yes
tell us about it was a myth mr. destroy
we had a myth of the origins of the
white race as the grafted devil of the
black man you know that's mind blowing
you know under the black people were and
black people were gods and the whites
were Devils they say exactly exactly but
what made you break with the Nation of
Islam there he didn't he didn't take
nothing but a child's bringing for me to
do that I was about 11 or 12 when I
decided that that was wrong I mean you
became a Sunni Muslim well I don't make
a big deal about Sunni and Shiite you
know when I became a mainstream Muslim
you became a mainstream Muslim yes and
really the importance of it how it would
affect not only Muslims but Christians
soon was not realized by us in 1975 and
what way was an important turning that
made the nationalist movement as extreme
as ours believing what we believed when
the race issue could make it 180-degree
turn and join Muslims of the world good
Christians and other good people of this
earth it's amazing when you look from
the Middle East or Europe thinking of
America's a has a bad place to be a
Muslim it's like living in the belly of
the beast mm-hmm how would you say that
life is like here for people well we
know things that happened to make
America appear ugly in eyes of citizens
of this country and its citizens of the
world that if we can see America the
Beautiful that has advanced against
America the ugly successfully
and then I'm sure that we would
recognize that America is the most
fertile song we have for establishing
our religion in our future for our
children our grandchildren and children
to come and in my journey across America
if I want to find America the Beautiful
where will I find that so what kind of
things should I look for the concept of
citizenry how citizenry is established
in the Constitution of the United States
based upon the quality of man and I feel
very strongly that the founding fathers
envisioned a world that would welcome
Muslims and others from across the
waters not yet not only Christians there
seems to be an incredible transformation
here only thirty years ago Chicago was
the most racially divided city in
America it had a white supremacist
movement and a black separatist movement
it saw some of the worst racial violence
in the entire country I'm amazed at what
I'm hearing from people like artemus and
Wallace Dean and it seems Chicago is
becoming much more at ease with its own
diverse population it's a rich city
where life is improving on many fronts
better public education karma race
relations and overall the crime
statistics show a big improvement
but there is still a dark side to this
city because even though the city has
cracked down and arrested gang leaders
gang violence is getting worse I've been
here for three days and nine people have
been killed in gang warfare
Islam has made huge gains in Chicago
which is home to the largest number of
african-american Muslims in the u.s. 30
years ago they had only one mosque today
they have more than 40 to choose from
now Islam has a new battle to win trying
to loosen the whole the gangs have on
Chicago's South Side
I'm heading to the south side to visit
the city's first halfway house for
Muslim ex-prisoners its aim is to
provide an alternative to life in the
gangs the man who runs this project has
served 12 years for murder
like many ex-offenders he converted to
Islam in prison his name is Ravi
Peterson we used to go on the Cook
County Jail division 11 yeah
which isn't like the maximum security
yeah and then we've seen so many
brothers we did that for like six years
hmm and then we seen so many brothers
coming home and going right back right
we realize that we need a temptation to
fool back in must being must have been
very high for Lord if you leave none as
if you come back and you've got to make
money you've got to make ends meet
not only that remember a lot of brothers
that convert to Islam an institution
yeah they were other than Islam before
institutions so we know that you have to
have an environment yeah for the
brothers to get a foothold when they get
out and so we went to national housing
service say look Mike yeah I know y'all
got some houses here on it up yeah can
we get one right and he said I know a
good one you can have one we having a
lot of problems with and you know we can
in a bad way when you first saw this
house it's graffiti everywhere in here
this is a guy now there's a gang house
it was boarded up yeah and the neighbors
and stuff was afraid to say anything
wouldn't even call the police on these
guys the neighborhood is feeling the
benefits of this project but that's not
all it's having a positive impact or no
still in prison nothing are you noticing
more and more I mean
african-americans coming to Islam I mean
especially in in prison they already
have it in itself but they need somebody
to bring it out hmm
so then once they see it and they might
say oh yeah like that this halfway house
is a calm Center in a neighborhood torn
up by gang violence
and Rafi is not content to let murder
and mayhem thrive on his doorstep
it was a killing right here in this
alley right here we're right here
my year ago they drop the brother right
here and they shot him in the head this
is a very heavy look infested end up
this street here
they say it's 88,000 young people
between the ages of 8 to 25 in this
general area that we live in in West
London it's on teasing them down the
street I want to go down there
especially with the camera in the car
there's several murders unsolved if you
look down the street the street looked
like a ghost time see all the houses
bore down yeah
same thing down this way I'm having a
drug-infested also had two killers known
here and 63rd I wanted to take you I'm
60 thirsty I mean you're living right
now on today so you should know a lot of
people they accept us you know they know
a lot of brothers leaving a lot of the
brothers in the tribes they don't like
what I'm doing but they know I'm gonna
do what I got to do it you know two
weeks ago they killed the brother see
with him guys that right that's the
store that they broke in on the corner
they shot that place up the one thing
that they did when they locked up all
the real gang chief in Chicago they
destabilize onto the gangs now there's
no one individual you can come to like
you used to back in the day and say man
and he got control over whole area yeah
it's a matter of survival I mean they
got to do what they got to do to survive
I don't knock them you know could I
understand where they at
my thing is if you want to turn people
away you got to turn them towards
something yeah and of course what Rafi
is trying to turn this neighborhood
towards is Islam
what do you think Ruffy here in Chicago
what do you think is Islam's place in
America I mean is that a growing one has
it got a healthy future or not I think
that Islam can be the cure to America
ills if it's open your sceptic Islam can
knock down barriers because we as Muslim
we supposed to be the best for Humanity
and I think Islam in America has
opportunity to really teach and show
that that's what we are and that's what
we can be I have to admit I've come to
America with my own prejudices and
misconceptions I thought that being
Muslim in America was a story of
widespread fear discrimination and
stereotyping but in the short time I've
been here what I'm hearing from Muslims
is about opportunity constitutional
rights and due process about having a
stake in this country and being made to
feel that they belong and as I travel
across America what I want to find out
is whether these ideas define not only
what it means to be a Muslim in America
but what it actually means to be an
American Muslim
and I getting the message that a great
deal of what it means to be an American
Muslim is understanding your
constitutional rights and how you go
about being a good citizen and it's in
Washington the nation's capital where
I'm hoping to learn about citizenship
the law of the land and the influence of
Islam in fact in something that would
come as a huge surprise to most of us
amongst the founding fathers one of the
greatest Thomas Jefferson had his own
Quran in full acknowledgment of Islam's
contribution to world civilization and
one of the most famous monuments in the
American capital over there is dedicated
to him a big part of the legacy of
Thomas Jefferson and the founding
fathers is freedom of expression it
means a lot to Americans including
American Muslims one of the most radical
ways you can indulge this freedom is on
stage through comedy
I'm in Washington DC about to get a
lesson in free speech that's a comedy
club show your love for Ruby Nicholas
first-generation Pakistani Muslim woman
she just won Nick at nights funniest mom
in America
Ruby Nicholas won a national talent
competition and became an overnight star
my parents lied when they came to this
country they told everyone they were
Pakistani Muslim immigrants so that I
wouldn't have to grow up with the stigma
of being known as Hawaiian this is my
mom's explanation of Easter to me and my
sisters true story
girls on Eastern the Jesus Christ will
come back from the dead and he will give
all of the good children toys in the
night no I mixed it shut up sit down
shut up I'm mixed it on Easter the Jesus
Christ will come out of the cave and if
he does not see his shadow
there will be six more weeks of
chocolates I do and and there's always a
mixed bag reaction I mean there are some
that really feel as though one is
imminent there are those you know and
there are others who just sort of take
it in stride and but do you think I mean
when you when you say that you know you
what your heritage is in some ways
comedy is a way to disarm people about
it's a little easier for people to
handle some of the Muslim quasi
terrorist types of jokes when you're
meeting you know like it's totally
different than you know a guy with a big
beard and a fierce look in his eye
I'm assuming is it made sort of other
comics suddenly jump in there as well
one thing to sort of talk about Iraq or
you know yeah mix as a whole tend to be
a little more political and and a few
have jumped into the mix in terms of
taking liberties with making fun of you
know Muslims and the Islamic religion a
little bit more than in the past
opening up the conversation putting a
stereotype on the table was in essence a
way to break it down for people and when
I do is sort of a subtle stereotyping I
mean tell a cab driver joke and stuff
like that and and my mom called me and
said you should tell people about the
contributions that American Muslims have
made to this economy we are the most
educated we are the highest class people
and she can really dress
part of Ruby's act is offending people
and she's very good at it
if she wants to say that Jesus gives
chocolate to children she can but the
principles that underpin this freedom go
way beyond providing material for
comedians
they provide the basis for the lore of
this land and guarantee freedoms that
are carved in stone
Congress shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting
the free exercise thereof or abridging
the freedom of speech or of the press or
the right of people to peaceably
assemble and to petition the government
for a redress of grievances when people
talk about the fundamental freedoms
enshrined in the American Constitution
this is what they're talking about the
First Amendment and it's the reason why
so many American Muslims have been
talking to me about the American
Constitution because in it they are free
to practice their religion as Muslims
and they are free to speak their mind
unlike so many Muslims in Muslim
countries around the world and if
anybody tries to oppress them in this
country they can seek justice from the
American government the fundamental
freedoms guaranteed under Islamic law
and not far from these American ideals
and that's amazing when you realize the
Quran predates the Constitution by a
thousand years and there's evidence in
Washington that suggests America knows
it's indebted to Islam for its own
citizens inalienable rights to life
liberty and the pursuit of happiness
this is the Supreme Court in Washington
now we can't get into film because
they're actually in session but what I
wanted to show you is a freeze which is
in the room where the chief justices
actually sit and dispense justice
this freeze pays homage to the ideas and
principles that have inspired the
American legal system and one of the
foundation documents represented in this
freeze is the Quran and in the nation's
capital there are a few other references
to Islam largely unknown rarely seen the
Thomas Jefferson Building contains the
Library of Congress the oldest cultural
institution in Washington which was
completed in the 19th century around the
dome of the reading-room is a mural
meant to represent the nation's and
ideas that contributed most to American
civilization and it might come as a
surprise to historians that amongst the
ideas represented here is Islam beneath
this great mural I'm meeting congressman
keith Ellison who I came across at the
start of my journey in Minneapolis so
Keith tell me about when you took your
oath of office cuz it was on a copy of
the Quran I'm not just any copy well in
fact it was on this Quran that we have
right here before us and you know in
fact this Quran which is a two-volume
set has the initials TJ inscribed right
here Thomas Jefferson and so you know we
we said this when you find out than one
of the founding fathers had his own copy
of the Quran okay I was gobsmacked as we
would say as you say it was huge that it
was international I didn't have much
appreciation for why it would be a big
deal that a Muslim would be elected to
the United States Congress I thought the
issue was gonna be color and I thought
wow we've really made some great strides
in terms of racial justice when people
don't care that I'm black anymore they
just they're just sixties or to talk
about religion but do you think Keith it
for all the grassroots activism in the
Muslim community that at a national
level the fact is that most Americans
are still afraid of Islam Americans I
think our subject of fear just like any
people in the world but I think this is
deeply rooted tolerance and people and
we've been through a momentous Civil
Rights Movement we've been through all
kinds of social change movements all
marching the country toward a greater
level of equality and I think people are
just not ready to try to cut anybody out
of a deal but the fact is in the
European context
it's what it means to be a Brit or a
Norwegians fairly tightly defined they
wouldn't look like you and me right and
what it means to be of that nation mean
you yours your certain colors certain
culture and certain faith yes but in
America we were coming to all cultures
our colors our face even the most
conservative American does not question
my authenticity as an American yeah we
impose social Orthodox I mean
hierarchies and economic hierarchies
we're not saying we have social justice
heaven here we don't but but the fact is
we don't question our authenticity as
Americans on this journey I've met
Muslims who've made me rethink my
prejudices about America Muslims here
realize something the rest of the world
and possibly other Americans have
forgotten this country was born out of a
revolutionary moment settlers first came
here fleeing religious persecution they
overthrew a colonial monarchy they based
their Constitution on the ideals of the
French Revolution and radical thinkers
like Tom Paine John Locke and yes the
Prophet Muhammad
but there's a much more recent moment in
American history that has come to define
America's relationship with Islam
thinking about America's relationship
with Islam like everybody else I'm drawn
immediately it's a one city in one
moment and the events of September the
11th 2001 in New York City changed that
relationship between America and Islam
forever and it must also have had an
impact on American Muslims Farooq
Mohammed was with the New York City Fire
Department on 9/11 we all Muslims like
me then you know if we died and some
that died
definitely Muslims died there you know
trying to help others
James Yi was the Army's Muslim chaplain
at Guantanamo prison initially I was
being accused of espionage spying and
aiding the enemy now these are capital
crimes for in which military prosecutors
even threatened me with the death
penalty
they're a distinctly American form of
Islam is emerging in the aftermath of
9/11 arabic scholar la ley Bakhtiar
believes something unique is happening
here the voice of the Muslim woman has
not been urged throughout the 1,400
years of Islamic history now we need to
hear from the women and it's only when
you live in America that you are
empowered to go forth with your ideas
Islam in America from 2008 as we know a
lot has happened since globally with the
rise of Isis and in America itself where
terrorism has returned to American soil
and President Trump has introduced a
travel ban which seems to many to target
Muslims so ten years on what is the
position of Islam in America algebra al
is a political analyst who lives and
works in the United States and she joins
us now illa thank you very much so you
moved to the u.s. in 2009 during that
time what as a Muslim what have you seen
that has changed for Muslims in America
I realize that's a broad question that
what are the things that stick out to
you well a lot of things changed we seen
major shifts in Islamophobia and attacks
against Muslims in 2015 and in 2016 and
it's not a coincidence that the FBI
report about hate crimes Islamophobic
hate crimes in America skyrocketed in
those years by far much more than in
2001 after 9/11 I just want to remind
you that immediately after the election
President Trump bans six countries six
Muslim countries and it looked like a
persecution religious based persecution
of one group based on the actions of
individuals that are carried in Pakistan
maybe Afghanistan Iraq and elsewhere he
went on to attacking the first Muslim
mayor Sadiq Khan immediately in the
aftermath of a terrorist attack in
London singling him out he didn't attack
the mayor of Barcelona after the attack
or the mayor of any other city but he
singled out Sadiq Khan because his
Muslim and his Brown this is the
platform on which he campaigned and his
governing now so where are the voices of
people that would traditionally be
allies to push back against this type of
dangerous rhetoric that sometimes also
crosses over into violence where are
those voices I mean there are rare
voices we have some Muslim voices in
America whether they are
intellectuals like reza aslan Waja
hetalia and others but really we are in
minority we're under represented in the
political arena and in the media I mean
I am the only one that gets invited
invited to see an end to NBC and to
others to explain why this rhetoric is
so dangerous and it was it was used
before remember Europe in the 30s when
you go to the Holocaust Museum it's
clear it tells you and it's written in
the wall the Holocaust did not start
with a killing it started with words
with violent words
it started with politicians dividing
people with them versus us it started
with demonizing an entire group of
people and criminalizing them and then
that paved the way for the killing and
for the gas gas chambers remember
President Bush after 9/11 pushed this
narrative of them versus us either you
are with us or them that means if you
challenge his views or his policies and
decision then you are terrorists and
you're labeled as a terrorist and many
liberals jump on that vagon I just want
to remind you that President Obama and
he was elected the first accusation the
birther movement that led and paved the
way for Trump to win the election what
was he accused of of being a secret
Muslim that he is a crypto Muslim and
America is fighting a monster today that
is called the country of white
supremacists
basically the pure race and in the name
of the pure race every minority is an
enemy and that will be the final word
ruler to Brielle thank you so much for
joining us thank you for having me that
is it from us join us again next week
and to check the rewind page it's
aljazeera.com
for more films from this series and
Rochelle Carey thank you for joining us
see you again soon
you
