trap sure used to be one of the former
Yugoslavia biggest companies mining
plentiful minerals with good profits and
thousands of jobs Kosovo's war changed
that you don't have to look far to see
damaged buildings and the conflict two
decades ago decimated this business now
the few miners who remain a part of a
dysfunctional company that's cut into
these are kosovo albanians miners who
have recently been celebrating their
country's tenth anniversary of
independence not far away is the other
half of trap-jaw run by the minority
Kosovo Serbs they're more likely to
listen to Serbia's government than their
senior management at the firm's
headquarters on the south side of MIT
repeat sir Elizabeth refer to you knit
lives according to the law Trapp share
should be governed by one single
executive management they should be
unified as we stand now neither us nor
they can be developed trap share
shouldn't be divided more than 22,000
people work for this company two decades
ago before the war now fewer than two
and a half thousand are on the payroll
the management's say that if the
political problems with Serbia could be
worked out they could make this company
the biggest employer in Kosovo once
again but the issue is the need for
major investment the technology for lead
and zinc processing needs bringing into
the 21st century and that's only one
area that needs attention elsewhere
whole factories need replacing it was in
2016 that Kosovars government
nationalised trap sure to save it from
bankruptcy now the prime minister says
investment is on its way economy and
investors find their way always I'm not
worried of the fact that this will not
happen yes yes it's already in a process
it will not take months is a matter of
weeks to be ready for a partner but the
company's management is skeptical the
Serbian government accused Kosovo of
theft when treachery was nationalized
the workforces Kosovar Serb so even if
investment arrives that politics could
destroy any hope of profits and jobs
Andrew Simmons al Jazeera Mitch of
adcirc Kosovo
