for a third day diplomats worked
frantically to get a resolution for a
ceasefire on Syria we got an agreement
with the Russians now today we're gonna
see if Russia has a conscience the
Russian ambassador conferred with his
Syrian counterpart whose government has
continued without respite the
bombardment of eastern Goethe even as
the negotiations dragged on diplomats
have been working around the clock
exhausted frustrated and in some cases
angry most of the discussions focusing
on the exact wording of one paragraph in
the end they agreed to replace an
immediate ceasefire with one that comes
into force without delay it meant they
could vote it was unanimous but they
didn't seem to be much unity in the
chamber every minute the council waited
on Russia the human suffering group
getting to a vote became a moral
responsibility for everyone but not for
Russia not for Syria not for Iran I have
to ask why as they dragged out the
negotiation the bombs from Assad's
fighter jets continued to fall in the
three days it took us to adopt this
resolution how many mothers lost their
kids to the bombing and the shelling why
we negotiated so long on that resolution
that that we wanted to make sure that it
is not used as a pretext for any
military action because we heard some
troubles are worrying worrying comment
comments on that
in recent days and including today some
of them very Billikens these
negotiations were extremely hard getting
a ceasefire across Syria will be even
harder can they get a stop to the
bombardment in eastern Goethe there is
an exemption in the resolution allowing
continued military action against
al-qaeda al-nusra and ISIL and some
diplomats fear that the Syrian
government will assert that those
fighting in eastern Goethe have links
with those groups James BAE's al-jazeera
at the United Nations
