hello I'm handsome seeker this is
counting the cost on al-jazeera and your
weekly look at the world of business and
economics this week how corrupt is your
country will talk to transparency
international about the latest global
rankings also this week the petro
Venezuela becomes the first government
in history to launch its own
cryptocurrency plus South Africa's new
president needs to plug a hole in the
nation's finances as Cape Town faces
running out of water or despite efforts
to tackle corruption around the world
progress is still frustratingly slow
that's according to the latest report
from transparency international its
annual corruption perception index
reveals some alarming trends it shows
corruption is still a huge problem for
two-thirds of the world's economies the
report uses a scale of 0 to 100 to rank
countries where zero is highly corrupt
and 100 is very clean Syria South Sudan
and Somalia ranked lowest with scores of
14 12 and 9 respectively new zealand
comes out on top but with a score of 89
the index also shows that one journalist
is killed every week in a highly corrupt
country the best-performing region is
Western Europe with an average score of
66 the worst-performing regions are
sub-saharan Africa and Eastern Europe
and Central Asia well joining us now
from Berlin to talk more about this is
max Hayward a specialist in money
laundering and financial secrecy at
Transparency International thanks for
being with us so a lot of this does make
for some pretty depressing reading
doesn't it not a whole lot of
transparency here why is that well the
index that we published say yesterday
evening shows that you know out of 180
countries around the world two-thirds of
them are below the midpoint of the scale
so scoring below 50 points this means
that they have severe - you know quite
considerable corruption risks in these
countries and what this means is that
the promises the governments have been
making in the last year's signing up to
different commitments signing up to
international agreements are not really
being put in place yet and if we if we
zero in on some of these countries so we
look at the United States for example
the biggest economy in the world yet
they are rain
18th in this corruption index does does
that surprise you I mean what's behind
that well what we see happening in the
in the u.s. is a growing awareness of
the influence of money in politics of
the capacity of powerful interests to
influence politics through campaign
donations through supporting different
types of political advertising through
lobbying and so there's growing
awareness about the influence and and
the negative effect that this has on
politics and through that on the the
lives of everyday people so this is
definitely one of the main reasons for
concern in in the US right now and if we
look at China as well second biggest
economy in the world and they're ranked
77th on this index a lot of room for
improvement there absolutely one of the
things that we're looking at across the
board this year is the link between
growing corruption or going perceptions
of corruption and the lack of civil
liberties the lack of a free press and
we see this in in several countries
around the world where there's been a
backslide because free press and free
and free media is essential to whole
governments to account without
journalists asking questions and looking
at data and informing the public about
what governments are doing on their
behalf it's very very difficult to get
to get control of corruption so we see
several countries also in the year in
you for example in Hungary where there's
been a clear backslide in terms of civic
liberties and freedom of the press which
are essential tools to fight corruption
and there's a lot of that what you
talked about there going on in the
Middle East if we because this is one of
the regions that youth highlighted as it
as an area of particular interest just
talk to us a little bit about that
what's what's behind what's going on
there absolutely this is a reason we're
out of the 21 countries that we covered
19 are below the 50 points in the mid
scale so so really well well below other
countries and other reasons in the
rankings and this is again linked to the
capacity of elites and powerful
interests to take decisions which are
not in the interest of the general
population and at the same time a
crackdown or a lack of freedom for the
press for civil society to actually ask
questions of those in power so when you
look at those two things combined it's
not surprising that you know
the perceptions of public corruption in
the region have not improved at all in
in in in recent years and in some cases
have actually gone backwards and this is
of course the list that your
organization publishes every year yet
it's coming not so long after the
revelations of the of the Panama papers
and all of the stories of money money
laundering and corruption that was going
on on there we've had quite a lot of
this in the news so on the face of it
this might look quite depressing but if
we try to put a positive light on this
it is it is a good thing that that the
organizations like yours and and and the
news media are shining shining a light
on on what's going on here absolutely so
for us the Panama papers and the
Paradise Papers were actually really
positive developments because they
showed the power of the media and of
large data to actually illustrate at a
very high scale what is going on and how
corruption is actually working it's no
longer something that is seen as you
know abstract so that people are
powerless to do something about there's
been hundreds of investigations that
came out of the of the Panama papers and
people who are well on trial right now
and so again thanks to the power of the
media and the power civil society we're
seeing how this can actually help to
turn the tide and citizens are aware of
this we did a large survey last year
which showed that over half of citizens
worldwide really believe that they have
the power to change something so we
really hope that journalists will
continue to do their jobs and be allowed
to do their jobs and and to work with
the data that's becoming increasingly
available to hold the governments and
the powerful to account good to speak
with you max hey we're joining us from
Berlin thank you have a number of
Venezuelans escaping economic hardship
to neighboring Colombia keeps rising
that's despite tighter border controls
Alessandra MPA reports from c√∫cuta on
the colombia-venezuela border in this
central plaza in cucuta hundreds of
Venezuelan stand in line for up to seven
hours they wait for a wire transfer that
will help them endure the economic
crisis back home Carmen Diaz travels to
this Colombian border town every month
she needs the money
her son sends from Chile to buy
you might think that we are happy to
come here and receive a little money but
instead it's very sad knowing that we
can't afford the basic things we need
it's painful to be here but it's a
sacrifice we have to make
it's an excruciating but essential wait
Venezuelans can't receive remittances at
home due to the exchange controls
imposed by the government of President
Nicolas Maduro they used the money to
buy basic items or ever more often bus
tickets to reach those who already left
in search of a better life
I'm here to go to Peru with my son my
husband is already there he's saved for
four months to pay for our tickets we
wanted to stay in Venezuela but it's
becoming impossible with the upcoming
presidential elections we're worried
they'll shut the border so we decided it
was time to go Venezuelan immigration
experts say a fifth of the population
has left the country in the last two
years some say in Colombia but
increasing numbers continue to other
South American countries where it might
be easier to find work the number of
buses leaving the station for the
Ecuadorian border the next stop on these
migrants journey has passed from six or
seven a week to more than 70 every
single day but even that is not enough
and some people have to wait up to 4
days for a ticket families struggle to
save enough for just one bus ticket but
when it's time to separate the heartache
is palpable the Ramirez sold all they
could to get their eldest son renew a
passport in a bus fare to Argentina what
we make is not enough to feed us it's
sad because we used to have it all food
and jobs but not anymore that's why my
son is leaving and my heart is broken no
one can resist forever that's why he
must go a scene that repeats itself with
painful regularity as each bus takes off
and more families are torn apart by
necessity living behind a sad trail of
trauma and tears well this week
Venezuela became the first ever
government in history to launch its own
cryptocurrency it's called the Petra
because it's price is tied to the
country's oil reserves yet at this stage
it's still very unclear what technology
or exchange will be used or how it will
be managed president Nicolas Maduro
hopes it will help the nearly bankrupt
country sidestep economic sanctions and
increase imports of vitally needed goods
well joining us now from Newcastle in
the UK is under s buddy a he's a senior
international economist at Pantheon
macroeconomics thanks very much for
being with us so first of all is this
petro currency something that can work
or is it as many analysts are saying
just an act of desperation from the
Venezuelan government yeah I think the
big government is connected it's gonna
be very challenging for the government
of Venezuela to raise that money
note that the oil industry is collapsing
and oil production has fallen more than
a third over the last few years so I
think that it's gonna be very
challenging for the government to raise
that capital explain to us a little bit
more what exactly this link is between
Petros and oil and why you feel it's not
going to work well the government has
said that is gonna link that petrol
currency with the value of the
Venezuelan oil the barrel of oil but you
have to know many things first of all
the government is the one that is
controlling the market in Venezuela so
they can't decide at what level that
petrol currency will trade because of
the day they will put the value of that
oil and also they will start to decide
who's gonna mind that currency overall
it's very centralized which is against
the idea of cryptocurrencies I think
there is American investors or European
investor who will struggle to get on
boron in this project and are they
exposed to sanctions risk the US
government has already said that and on
top of that I think that note that all
the commodities are our trade in US
dollars because the investors trust in
this currency and the US government but
nobody will trust in the in this kind of
course in the petro currency because the
the national government has for example
has default in many of his bonds over
the last few years the economy is
collapsing so I think that it will be
very
challenging for them to get some trust
in this kind of project and if this does
happen to be successful at all would we
see other countries using
cryptocurrencies to try and get around
sections like Myanmar and Cuba for
example other economies will probably
try to do the same thing but if they
have a good track record and this is not
the case of Venezuela beneath the
Venezuelan economy defaulting in many of
his bonds the economy is collapsing is
inflation is running about 2,000 percent
right now
unemployment is about 25 percent so I
don't think that any investor will try
to bet in this kind of endeavor under
somebody and thanks very much for being
with us thank you for having me still to
come on counting the cost I'm Wayne hey
with a rare look at the second dam being
constructed on the Lower Mekong River as
Laos pushes ahead with its goal of
becoming the battery of Southeast Asia
the first some middle east news which
could signal a change in the way gas
flows from new fields in the eastern
Mediterranean Sea this week an Israeli
energy company announced a 15 billion
dollar deal to export natural gas to
Egypt Cyprus - said it was nearing a
supply agreement so what's this all
about well Egypt once it becomes
self-sufficient in gas wants to
transform itself into an energy export
hub on Europe's doorstep a fast-food
giant KFC was left counting its chickens
on Monday it was forced to close
hundreds of stores in the UK after it
ran out of poultry products the chicken
crossed the road just not through our
restaurants KFC said on Twitter KFC
recently switched distributors to DHL
from bid West at the end result job
losses at bid vest no chicken at KFC and
unhappy customers the company said the
shortage will be sorted soon now 26 are
the world's leading experts in emerging
technologies are warning of the dangers
of artificial intelligence from
Cambridge in the United Kingdom
Emma Hayward reports it is the stuff of
science fiction or at least it used to
be a computer able to master an ancient
Chinese board game without human help to
win every time and a truck that drives
itself computers and vehicles powered by
artificial intelligence now a leading
academics are warning not to put the
brakes on AI but that the technology is
increasingly being used for malicious
purposes for political or financial gain
to extort and to gain influence cyber
attacks on infrastructure as we've seen
in Ukraine and on attacks on computers
and hospitals manipulating people for
example we've seen some attempts to
manipulate and political elections in
the US and in Europe recently now those
have been varying degrees of
effectiveness with the techniques we
have to date but artificial intelligence
will allow new types of cyber attacks
that might be more capable than what
we've had before
from healthcare to warfare machine based
thinking is revolutionizing the way we
live exposing us to the benefits and the
risks the robot here has been designed
to pick up these little bricks and put
them back on the green mat now this is
just a laboratory setting but in five or
ten years time it could be developed to
work on a construction site or at a port
and the designer wouldn't want the
technology hijacked the report's authors
are calling on governments and the
industry itself to do more to protect us
from all the pitfalls
experts warn of the serious consequences
it's absolutely right that we issue
warnings with AI because the
capabilities and the possibilities for
it going wrong are absolutely
they could be absolutely tragic we need
to be able to get to grips with this now
ai is clearly here to stay and staying
one step ahead of those who want to
abuse it will be a constant challenge
for South Africa's President Cyril
Ramaphosa says tough measures are
necessary to repair the economy and his
first budget published this week
contained some unpopular changes
value-added tax will go up to 15 percent
for the first time in more than 20 years
for me to Miller reports from
Johannesburg it was months of protests
like these that often turned violent
that put free education on the
government's agenda Tata McKenna took
part in protests that began in 2015 and
continued last year part of the reason
the protests happened that the people
who get into the system are themselves
condemned and condemned to death whether
or not they finished because if you
can't pay through your first year you
can't finish your degree you can't
finish a degree you can't get your job
now the government has set aside five
billion dollars to fund free education
phasing in free or subsidized education
over five years the plan announced in
the budget speech targets poor and
working-class households free education
is one of the main priorities this year
South Africa has an unemployment rate of
more than 26 percent there has been a
improvement in the past year but what is
of most concern to many here is that
more than a third of people under the
age of 35 don't have jobs the budget
speech didn't however say much about job
creation instead focusing on increasing
government revenue by hiking value-added
tax and cutting spending by eight
billion dollars over three years
government has made significant changes
to the fiscal framework firstly new text
matches raised an additional 36 billion
rand in 2018 19 mainly through a higher
vet rate and below inflation adjustments
to personal income tax brackets the
government is facing a balancing act in
trying to raise money cut spending all
the while protecting the poor it's
promising to raise social grants but
also increase the fuel levy making
transport more expensive class war here
is getting intense now we've seen this
country rise to the highest level of
inequality for wealth and income in the
world and the World Economic Forum rates
our workers the angriest
PricewaterhouseCoopers regularly rates
our businesses as the most corrupt they
have the fifth highest profit rate in
the world
South Africa works to further improve
its economy
it is however battling some uncertainty
within its finance department there's
much speculation that the finance
minister may be on his way out of the
frezz Ignatian of President Jacob Zuma
Malusi ki GABA - has been accused of
corruption and outside influence in
government decisions well joining us now
from London is John ash born Africa
economists at Capital Economics thanks
for being with us so when you strip away
all the politics what's the biggest
economic challenge facing South Africa
right now well there are a lot of them
but this problem that the budget was
trying to deal with is the large fiscal
deficit so in the last budget
pronouncement we had which was in
October their Finance Minister admitted
that the deficit was much larger than
people had assumed and that it was going
to stay quite large over the coming
years and this budget was in temp to
roll that back and to create
an intention at least to narrowing that
deficit by sort of twenty twenty
twenty-one and income inequality is
something that's been much talked about
around the world and it's just a bigger
problem in in South Africa right now you
have very well-developed cities and and
hinterlands around them that are not so
well developed how what's the government
doing to address that should they be
doing more to address that
well income inequality as you say a huge
problem in the world but probably worse
in South Africa than anywhere else
that's a problem it's at the heart of
all of South Africa's economic problems
and of course it's political ones also
one of the big policies that was
announced at the last president who only
resigned last week wasn't effort to make
education more accessible and so
spending 50 billion rand on making
university fees waived for students from
low-income backgrounds so that's one of
the ways we're trying to address this
which is through education there's
certainly other South Africa is a huge
social grants program for unemployed
people but education seems to be the
tack that they're taking at the moment
in effort to deal with these as you say
gaping problems that they have in the
country and we've got a national debts
South African national debt that is is
ballooning unemployment is close to 30
percent they're one of its major cities
Cape Town is facing massive water crisis
we're talking about I mean are we
essentially talking about an economic
emergency here well in some ways
actually though the worst from a from a
purely economic perspective probably
came last year and in 2015 so there are
some reasons purely from a growth
perspective to things that think they
think that things have have changed gear
a little bit because the unemployment
problem nots and heartless has been that
high for a long time this isn't a new
crisis situation forced Africa you know
quite heartbreakingly this is normal for
South Africa and so that that's been
rolling along in the background for some
time now the drought in Cape Town as you
say is a serious concern but there are
signs recently that things might be
improving the the chance that I'm
actually open to cut off water entirely
seems to have receded at least for the
meantime and how can you have more
inclusive economic growth in South
Africa well the big problems you said is
is unemployment so about 30 percent of
people are unemployed on the official
metric
it's probably 35% if you include people
who've given up looking for work and
those people are by vast majority black
South Africans who've been excluded from
the workforce and relief in the formal
economy so if that can't be dealt with
then there's no way fixing any other
problems either and the solutions that
probably is education but where I would
disagree with the current government is
I think it's probably more in basic
education than it is in university
education john Ashbourne thanks for
being with us thank you having me now
the first dam on the Lower Mekong River
in Southeast Asia may start generating
electricity earlier than expected the
controversial SIA bori dam is in Laos
and the communist government there says
it needs the project to improve the
country's economy but many who rely on
the river say not enough research has
been done on the environmental impact
Wayne hey gained rare access to the site
this is one of the most unique places on
the Mekong River just before it flows
from Laos into Cambodia it disperses
becoming 11 kilometers wide and creating
thousands of channels and Islands
the Mekong is the largest inland fishery
in the world but in this part of the
river those who rely on it for food and
income say something is changing the
number of fish is decreasing each year
it seems like they might be staying
deeper for some reason I think there is
too much noise in the river something
part of the answer could lie a short
distance from where lured Fisher's in
one of the channels a dam is being built
as the Lao government works towards its
goal of becoming the battery of
Southeast Asia while China operates six
dams on the upper mekong the danza hong
is just the second being built on the
lower reaches both Arin Laos and the
government has plans for at least seven
more this is a relatively small project
that has attracted some of the strongest
criticism downstream from Laos Cambodia
and Vietnam both of which had been
calling for a moratorium on the
construction of dams on the main stream
of the Mekong River while seeing what
Laos is doing Cambodia has given up on
that now and is forging ahead with its
own plans to build at least two dams on
the Mekong one of which will be in the
province just
across the border from here neighboring
countries had criticized last for not
being transparent enough about Danza
Hong and the potential trans boundary
impacts it's being built on one of the
only channels in the area that fish can
migrate up and downstream year-round 70%
of the fish in the Mekong River a
long-distance migratory fish so
obstructing the migration channel would
mean the destruction and depletion of
the fish stopping the whole region the
developers and the government say
they're widening and deepening other
channels to allow fish to swim through
they're also conducting daily surveys of
fish stocks in the area which they say
aren't being adversely affected we have
engaged internationally precipitable
company to study and without subsidies
that have been shared with stakeholder
Laos is leading the race to harness the
power of the Lower Mekong and generate
income it's a race that opponents now
acknowledge they can't stop and can only
hope to slow it down and that is our
show for this week remember you can get
in touch with us by tweeting me ATS has
MC kur and do use the hashtag a JCTC
when you do or drop us an email counting
the cost that a jazeera dotnet is our
address but there's more for you on line
at a Jazeera dot-com / CTC that will
take you straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on that is
it for this edition of counting the cost
and has MC Kerr from the whole team here
thanks for joining us the news on al
Jazeera is next
