Ricardo says as investors to take
advantage of Puerto Rico's opportunities
whoever wants to come to Puerto Rico can
enjoy the benefits of Puerto Rico
the governor plans to privatize Puerto
Rico's electricity grid though how
shareholders will make a profit even as
they invest in a reliable electricity
source for all hasn't been explained
Berto Rico's own history as cautionary
in the 90s governor assayer's father
privatized the water system when he was
governor a failure that polluted the
environment and raised prices
authorities eventually retook control
having paid to French multinational
companies hundreds of millions of
dollars it's this whole idea that their
public utilities are mints managed
because they're public and you just sell
them off and then everything is going to
be great for everyone even though
there's this clear example of they
privatize water services and things just
got a lot worse so why do you think it's
not mentioned because all the people
involved in this privatization process
and the banks and the advisers they all
get paid out of the fees there is a
suspicion that what's being attempted is
a classic case of what's known as
disaster capitalism the use of the
aftermath of a natural disaster to push
through the privatization of a central
services something wall street always
once but can't always get did a
democratic popular opposition post
Katrina New Orleans is cited as an
example public housing was sold after
private developers who'd long covered at
the land and schools were privatized
resulting in a decline in educational
performance amid a rise in private
profits and governor assayer has already
said he intends to privatize Puerto Rico
schools millions and millions of dollars
of our public that are not invested in
our school are not money invested in our
health system were money earned by this
financial institution alternatives to
the neoliberal Wall Street model for
Puerto Rico's reconstruction have been
offered as I look at the board's
proposal it is really putting
unambiguous priority-one
how much can we
he's out of the island and I think
that's morally wrong noble economic
laureate Joseph Stiglitz for example
says austerity and privatization will
make matters worse growth will only be
achieved through government investment
but that's made little dent in a
narrative of an inevitably privatized
future for Puerto Rico share Burton C al
Jazeera Washington
