the news the US Embassy would move from
Tel Aviv to Jerusalem on May 14th King
not in a communicate but in a tweet from
Israel's intelligence Minister I would
like to congratulate Donald Trump on his
decision to transfer the US Embassy on
Israel's 70th Independence Day no
greater gift than that a short time
later the US President Donald Trump
confirmed the news in a speech I was
hidden by more countries and more
pressure and more people calling begging
me don't do it don't do it don't do it I
said we have to do it it's the right
thing to do it was in December Trump
announced he was moving the embassy to
Jerusalem and he angered those who said
the u.s. was basically giving Jerusalem
to Israel outside of final status talks
with the Palestinians the Palestinian
President Mahmoud Abbas was among those
who condemned Trump but at the UN
Security Council this week it was clear
a boss had moved on
he told ambassadors the era of the US as
an honest broker is over and that it's
time to try something new and call for
the convening of an international peace
conference by mid 2018 based on
international law and relevant UN
resolutions with broad international
participation including the two
concerned parties and regional and
international stakeholders is an affront
to his community they chose this date
and this represents a very serious
provocation to the Palestinian side
besides the fact that moving the embassy
to Jerusalem is by itself participation
in violation of international law a
us-based analyst called the moving date
very bad foreign policy rather than just
giving Jerusalem away to the Israelis
what he could have done is said we will
acknowledge Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel if you dismantle all illegal
settlements and so what he's done now is
he's given away a very big valuable
check and essentially got nothing in
return the ambassador David Friedman and
a few aides will join current consulate
staff at their office in Jerusalem a new
building won't be built for several
there's no denying the embassy move will
affect any and all peace talks going
forward rosalind jordan al jazeera
washington
