ministers government officials and
agricultural experts from nearly all
African countries gather to address one
of the continents biggest challenges
food insecurity all seem to have one
goal in mind
sustainable agriculture and food
development and I'm very pleased to see
that we are ending this conference with
consensus in our decision build
consensus take some time but also after
achieving consensus which help us will
move forward faster in the
implementation phase about what you have
agreed food insecurity has long been a
challenge in Africa the host country
Sudan once regarded as a breadbasket has
3.5 million people facing hunger first
Sudan is the land of resources and
opportunities has so many agricultural
resources natural resources which can if
it is utilized efficiently it can
contribute significantly to African and
the early food security
this needs collaboration with African
countries and with the international
society to avail the resources which can
be can help in utilizing these huge
resources but collaboration amongst
countries is the first step on a long
journey
nearly every African country was
represented in this regional conference
but battling the problem of food
shortages in the continent will not come
easy
despite the conclusions from the
meetings the United Nations says
conflict is one of the main reasons and
for several African countries war has
been part of everyday life for years 224
million are deemed to be facing hunger
in Africa two countries on the continent
have faced famine in the past seven
years were and other African countries
has forced millions to leave their homes
and farmlands exacerbating an already
dire situation and as climate change
threatens countries already in varying
levels of food and security some fear
that while the intention to fight hunger
is there more needs to be done it will
take determination it will take action
because Africa has the potential to feed
itself but potential doesn't feed people
so we have to translate that potential
into action conferences are good in
themselves but they do not serve any
purpose if we end up with declarations
that never get actioned actions that
will impact the lives of millions across
Africa who desperately wait for a change
in their situation Hiba morgan al
jazeera Khartoum
