Mari and Angus says she had a farm and
her family didn't rely on anyone for
their basic needs before March last year
she lives in Brea a town in northeastern
Central African Republic that was
considered relatively peaceful but then
conflict between several armed groups
started
Marion and all her neighbors had to flee
so now they live here in a camp for
displaced people that he's on one end of
the town and right at the doorstep while
UN peacekeepers base the gunfight
started at night we hid everything of
ours was destroyed I came here with
nothing again a ledger yep more than
70,000 people in Brea have been
displaced in just over a year there's a
religious element to the fighting but
the rebels are also in conflict over
minerals cattle and trade routes and
what they leave behind is a trail of
death destruction and misery it's really
hard to imagine how scared people were
as they fled from this neighborhood both
Christians and Muslims used to live here
before the fighting intensified last
year different armed groups blame each
other for the destruction power also in
the north is another area where there
was no fighting until recently
nearly displaced people receive food aid
at the town square
around 60 thousand have fled from
violence and moved into that town that
already had 40,000 residents the
fighting and Central African Republic is
spreading fast with many armed groups
involved UN peacekeepers and the
National Army are overwhelmed so I aid
workers who are often unable to reach
many of those who need one out of two
people in the Central African Republic
are in need of humanitarian assistance
and protection and due to the resurgence
of violence and the fighting of armed
groups particularly here up in the north
of the Central African Republic in power
let us led to massive displacement of
people
the UN is appealing for just over half a
billion dollars this year money that
will help people like cotton Suzanne who
says she has nothing left to go back
home to unmanned came to my religion or
Sunday and we escaped the next day my
husband and a neighbor were killed I
don't even know where my nephew is their
situation is desperate
many of those we spoke to say they would
rather be home fending for themselves
but right now home is not an option
Catherine saw al-jazeera Bria Central
African Republic
