in December the French president held a
fundraising conference for the g5 style
force back then a promise of a hundred
million dollars by Saudi Arabia added
money already pledged by the EU France
and the US but just over half of the 500
million dollars targeted was raised the
funding shortfall prompted the president
of one of the so-called g5 nations to
call for more support earlier this month
it is urgent that this force be
operational the international community
whose serious decisions in Libya have
had disastrous consequences for the
security of our countries must show
greater solidarity with the Sahel the
joint military force known as g5 was
launched last year by the leaders of
leisure Burkina Faso Chad Mali and
Mauritania and backed by France it's
5,000 troops will work alongside UN
peacekeepers in Mali and French soldiers
already deployed in soil its mission is
to stop cross-border attacks from armed
groups including Boko Haram and
affiliates of al-qaeda and ISIL as well
as crackdown on weapons and people
trafficking instability in Libya is
worsening the crisis we have to fix the
causes with brought a spread in violence
the big reason is a full of Gaddafi and
this is the responsibility of the
international community g5 style and
European Union leaders meeting in
Brussels on Friday hope to raise enough
money to enable the force to be fully
operational within weeks more money for
the joint force is essential but some
analysts say can only be successful if
it's allowed to fully cooperate with the
national and international forces
already deployed and its operations must
go hand in hand with more development in
the region and it must when people's
trust
it's vital that the rights of the people
are respected there must be proper
training you can't have troops for
example who don't even speak local
language it won't work if the g5 force
can gather the necessary money to carry
out its mandate
it'll be an urgently needed and in
hortence step in cooperation in the
region where so many people have been
killed in violence or forced to flee
their homes
