disappointment in dodgy hours after
parents were told their daughters have
been rescued the state government
apologized saying the information was
not true for the relatives of more than
90 students the wait has just begun
some say it's chibok all over again
these sisters have not only escaped the
kidnappers but their older sister wasn't
as lucky the incident leaves them
devastated they came just after we broke
out Monday fast we heard gunshots there
was chaos everywhere she tried to
comfort us but it only got worse four of
us sisters started running together she
fell and I fell down - but someone
picked me up that was the last time I
saw her she was taken neighbor's pour
into their home to offer support at the
girls school we were refused access to
film inside I would necessarily
attackers dressed in military fatigues
drove through the school gates but
before they got in many of the girls
alerted by the gunshots fired early on
scale the perimeter fence of the school
and escaped but some girls say they saw
some of their schoolmates being led into
a waiting truck so they early and his
family thought they too will receive
fourteen-year-olds Anna but she was one
of the school girls taken Donna's mother
is in hospital she fainted on hearing
that her daughter wasn't found the grief
is too much for her is it much as
expected of the second-year high school
student for now they've continued to
wait hoping to hear good and definitive
news about the return of their child
residents hope the tragedy won't be as
long drone as a 2014 chibok incident
where more than 270 girls were kidnapped
from the school more than a third of
them are yet to be found
muhammad idris al jazeera dutchy
