chickadee is a Libra from Guinea Bissau
she's Telangana and engineer from Congo
and alpha jello a Mason from Guinea all
are working on this construction site
building new office blocks in Senegal is
growing capital this is no shithole it's
the land of opportunity every week I
send money back to my mom and my little
sisters who are going to school thanks
to what I send after having left my
family behind I have no regrets to have
chosen cynical I feel comfortable with
people who are black Africans like me
I'll take that any time over being with
white people and so far away from my
family
economist at the International Monetary
Fund see a surge in economic growth in
West Africa take a look at these numbers
across 18 countries that gross domestic
product is a five percent Africa's
sleeping lion economies are now roaring
ahead with Ghana predicted to grow at 9%
Khedive while in Senegal at seven
percent Ethiopia Ghana Guinea nambia the
US President may call it a shithole but
the United States invested sixty five
billion dollars in African countries in
2016 and that number is expected to rise
in 2018
while many Europeans and North Americans
still view the continent as poor
war-torn and desolate Africans see more
opportunities at home than outside the
continent so West Africans are on the
move there are seven times more likely
to move within West African countries
then go to Europe or North America
for the past 40 years 15 countries in
West Africa agreed to allow free
movement of people and goods within its
borders migrants from the regions and
thirty three billion dollars to their
loved ones last year the problem we are
in Africa is not a problem money this
lack of organization those people are
leaving their countries to go abroad
those are the champions those are the
warriors because even though if you and
disparate position think about it how
many people could say I'm gonna now go
cross the entire Sarah to go to look for
something better
although African migrants to Europe send
more money home than those from within
the region most West Africans prefer
moving closer to home for enjoying in
Ghana and yellow opportunities are here
and this is where they want to build
their lives nicholas hawk al jazeera
Dakar
