they belong to one of Argentina's most
powerful labor unions thousands of truck
drivers that on Wednesday took over the
streets of Buenos Aires they responded
to the call of their leader Obama Sano
who for decades has been one of the most
influential men in Argentina yes no
sorry
the government doesn't understand that
we the workers want the country in peace
but they have to understand that in
order to have peace you do it for decent
salaries where their families can feed
their children this is what we are
demanding Misano is now a target of
Mauricio macri's crusade against
corruption which has already landed
members of previous presidential
administrations and other union leaders
in jail from the corruption accusations
surrounding him but people here in the
economic situation
and that's why people have decided to
march against what they say is a
government that rules for the rich since
they took office there's been no one
single policy to help the working class
a rise in utility services transport and
gas there are no measures for those who
need it the most
Christine Alvarez says she came here to
demand help for her daughter who suffers
from Down syndrome she has not received
a subsidy in five months they took the
Pynchon away from us I was able to cover
only one month recently and I needed
because I don't have a job mauricio
macri came to power a little over two
years ago with a promise to tackle
inflation and fight corruption but his
popularity has suffered in recent months
after implementing a series of austerity
measures and the passing of a pension
reform the government needs to
transition out of this period but even
though it's bad it isn't as bad as it
could have been because on the other
side there is a divided opposition that
the now poses no real challenge mclees
main challenge continues to be to
improve Argentina's economy
demonstrations like this one show that
there are many who are not happy with
what he has done so far
terasawa al-jazeera Buenos Aires
