in August 2017 a devastating landslide
in Sierra Leone killed over a thousand
people a terrible blow to a country that
still bears the scars of a civil war and
the Ebola crisis initially free grains
brought on by climate change were
thought to be the cause but then other
stories emerged of corruption greed and
environmental degradation we've been to
ask why stark warnings of catastrophe
were ignored
the past decade has seen a rise in the
number of catastrophic weather events
around the world be it freak storms or
droughts or unprecedented rainfall
extreme weather is becoming the new
normal and nowhere are the effects felt
more keenly than in developing nations
from Bangladesh to Peru and Sierra Leone
to the DRC record-breaking rains have
triggered devastating floods and lethal
landslides among them the landslide that
struck Sierra Leone in August 2017 was
one of the deadliest with over a
thousand people killed or missing but
was this disaster all it seemed one more
portent of the havoc that climate change
will be sending our way where was it
compounded by other more prosaic human
failings we've been to investigate the
root causes of the Sierra Leone
landslide to ask what can be learned and
what the future holds for this and other
countries if those in power failed to
act
several courses that to the sky but I
cannot give people goose
on the morning of August 14th 2017 after
days of heavy rain the side of the
Sugarloaf Mountain in region two Sierra
Leone collapsed the avalanche of mud
water and rock that followed destroyed
300 homes and killed over a thousand
these are most deadly devastation we had
a war that killed over a hundred
thousand or whatever as estimate but I
don't remember even in the war when for
a single day
1,100 people died in two minutes there
was a big sound big sound like a plane
coming down you know that kind of thing
abou even D the gun by Fritz I go what
turn on the ice what it cries for
they're my family they require get me so
mommy what are they get me Bo buddies
six weeks later the rains have come to
an end
and people are resuming their lives but
not everyone thinks heavy rainfall alone
calls the disaster not far from the site
of the landslide in the hills around
Regent stands the tokugawa chimpanzee
sanctuary for over 20 years
Takayama has been a haven for chimps
orphaned by habitat destruction and the
illegal pet trade but for the past
decade the sanctuaries founder viola
Amyris akarin has been fighting a
different cause one that has
implications for people as well as
wildlife they come here we have to
rehabilitate them back mentally and
physically and you form them into family
and enclosures so they have given a
second chance for life
Takayama lies on the border of the
Western Area National Park a 70 square
mile stretch of mountainous rainforests
adjoining the capital founded more than
a century ago the park is home to 90% of
Sierra Leone's biodiversity including
wild chimpanzees and numerous endangered
species
it is this forest and its wildlife that
Bauer and his team of forest rangers
have been fighting to protect see this
line here there was a caterpillar that
was trying to come in all the way and we
managed to stop it but then it's like
continuous fire Fighting's like you
stubborn move then after one two months
they attempt again this is how the hills
looked historically and that is how they
should be preserved for many reason and
we don't help protect this forest this
is going to come down one day and that's
what happened there we've been warning
about this landslide or potential for
something like big disaster like that
for the last I would say 10 15 years for
Bhalla the collapse of the Sugarloaf was
triggered by rampant deforestation and
illegal building for over a decade he
warned the government of the damage
being done to the hills around Freetown
he took his message to local radio and
television and even planted trees in the
area in lost Freetown a documentary
produced a decade ago Bala appeared
alongside local architects and urban
planners calling on the government's to
control unplanned building and
environmental damage around the city the
war situation we had everything stopped
for many many years so I think that
suddenly there is this thirst of
everyone wants to build people even want
to come back to sell you and those who
left so there is a huge demand for that
I think the entire building code has
repeatedly ignored the entire body as
regards them some of the rocks will
obviously slide down the mountain
my belong slips it's an environmental
disaster and it will in a few years we
will see how that comes to pass the
warnings were dire but no one listened
patrolling the boundary of the National
Park today takes Bhalla and his team to
the site of the landslide where one of
their guard posts once stood a year
before the disaster it was burnt down by
angry locals determined to build houses
in the area this they kind of write what
make you feel say what I see is not the
top I'm imagining what is under so many
people perished here we're actually
standing on top of a mass grave
basically see cannot even see the
remains of the building so I cannot see
of the people the problem was not caused
here
the problem was crossed further down
there you can see this landscape a lot
of rock when you have this rock you have
little soil in there and it's the trees
that's where the roots are spreading
into these areas around the rocks and
that is holding everything together and
once you cut the tree basically the root
system dies that means there is nothing
holding this rocks again soil is already
loose it's becoming like dust and once
you have the heavy downpour and it's
water is basically taking it away when
the rocks are being exposed we are
playing games with peoples lives if you
ask me really it's going to hurt again
it will hurt
Architects menelaus Garber and Gwyn J
Allen returned to Freetown at the end of
Sierra Leone Civil War and found a city
where the rulebook had been thrown out
the window like Bala they warned of the
dangers the city faced truly remarkable
what has happened just post-war post-war
slowly had opened up totally unplanned
three hundred homes were destroyed in
the Regent landslide but the collapse of
the hillside didn't just destroy the
houses beneath it it created a mudslide
an avalanche of water earth and stone
that swept downhill towards the sea the
houses that stood in its way were built
in flood plains were close to water
courses areas normally classed as high
risk
now maybe lady duo kimande all well
didn't get today not every day a shank
within family they all died the teen
shock there has been built into the side
of the hill and the earth is left
exposed now rain coming in will cause
that slope to fail if you had houses
like this all of them will just be going
collaterally despite the disaster
Quinn and manila's find the area around
the landslide a hive of building
activity with laborers rushing to meet
the demand for new houses this is the
trade now they're selling these broken
aggregates to whosoever will bestow so
taking the stone from the riverbed here
you could see that bridge is being
eroded and if obviously they're taking
stones from out there that is going to
collapse eventually through ignorance we
are you know wrecking the landscape
none of this houses should have been
built in this vicinity at all it's a
mishmash of how this place on the hill
it will be interesting to find out if
any of these houses here and shacks have
building permits but those we spoke to
around the landslide size did have
paperwork including conveyances site
surveys and building permits all stamped
and signed by the Ministry of lands it's
very painful it brings heaviness in my
heart that to see that we do have people
in Sierra Leone who know what to do who
would advise government on how to
proceed but if if if that is ignored
then then what there is no silver bullet
that would have prevented the Regent
landslide not everyone thinks loss of
forest cover or damage to the landscape
played such a critical role the
landslide might have happened anyway but
if the law had been upheld it would have
been far less deadly the area around
three towns 60% of the forest cover has
been lost in the last four decades
although the lines slide itself the
exact spot where it happened was
actually densely forested which points
to a different different issue that the
that the hills around Freetown are
relatively unstable and landslides are a
frequent occurrence because what we've
only seen is the tip of the iceberg
because if this unplanned development
keeps happening we go see the mudslide
landslides becoming much more frequent
there's going to be a lot more loss of
life
Sierra Leone is ill-equipped to deal
with natural disasters on such a scale
even with the help of the international
community the government has struggled
to bring aid to those affected
we will continue to stand by you and
share with you your grief and help those
of you that are traumatized and
depressed and in the process we all are
committed and even with this difficulty
serie you'll rise again plans to rehouse
displace people in new communities
outside the city are costly and still in
their early stages but what about you
and enforcing the existing laws six
months after the disaster it's business
as usual a stone's throw from the
landslide site multi-storey houses are
still going up wealthy and influential
people live in the area and property
prices are high
I'd cite a coup gamma a two-story houses
sprung up it's inside the boundary of
the National Park and the forest rangers
had to investigate the document that
shows that the civilian didn't hear this
come from the Ministry of London s tree
that gives authority to people there are
so many the building we do have force to
push them off since they are having
their documents the sign building permit
means the guards are powerless to act
even though the property is being built
in the National Park but not everyone
agrees that the land is the government's
to begin with those who have the money
to give lots of people here is the land
holding family Woodhead name the
community people for you to get us
people only you have to spend a new sum
of money again
again and again before ever you can you
can acquire Ilan this country is very
very far out my brother very very
corrupt this a npad who don't leave you
like that as you know actually
everything you know this Africa the
government is not trying the very people
in the offices the Minister of lands
this signed documents even if it's in
the water they don't want to move their
job sign the document building permits
in Sierra Leone are issued by the
Ministry of lands and the location of
each property is meant to be verified
before the paperwork is issued the
ministry is also supposed to monitor and
demolish illegal structures supported by
a number of other government agencies
this a very complex issue
there are times you may people they
produce documents claiming to be given
to them by a government authority and
this is where the challenge comes in the
institution responsible for that we
believe should challenge if they think
they have not issued up those documents
they should challenge the individuals
and we enforced the law in this case it
is up to the Ministry of land itself to
enforce the law the minister of lands
diana kona mani was unavailable to speak
to us but a spokesman explained the
problems they face
well in fact that you can easily get a
building permit for example to peel any
polluted area it's because of corruption
it is possible for someone to buy land
in a national park with a survey plan
and a building permit because there's a
lazy land grabber who grabs those lands
and sells to a buyer who is willing to
buy regardless of the location of the
property and there is a government
official who is willing and ready to
issue building permits without due
diligence in most of these ministries
employees and operate while there are no
incentives no
no equipment to do it to do that
effective or even when they have the
skills and and and so it's difficult for
them to perform and so the the whole
question is about making sure they the
governance system functions effectively
and then you be in a position to address
most of these problems the problems are
compounded by resistance from local
communities eager to make use of land
they consider inherited from their
community elders as far back as in 1916
the Western Peninsula was declared as a
reserve so if as far back as in 1916 it
was declared a reserve it's very
difficult for me to understand how
communities can lay claim to certain
areas if government does bear any
responsibility at all it would be very
minimal we have consulted with the
communities we have advised the
communities to relocate in order to
protect their own welfare and we have
been confronted with irate and violent
community members
no one in the government of Sierra Leone
or in the Ministry of Lands has resigned
their position
no one has lost their job for issuing a
building permit in a dangerous or
illegal area there have been pledges to
begin demolitions and some homes around
the landslide site have been cleared but
there has been no public inquiry into
the issue of building permits in the
Freetown area the government of Sierra
Leone does face enormous challenges the
population of Freetown has increased by
10 times since the 1960's Freetown has
expanded horizontally it has not
expanded vertically urban planning is
extremely poor and there are lots of
slum areas which have been built in the
floodplains of many of the rivers and
streams around in the Freetown Peninsula
like other cities across Africa free
turns low-lying slums are plagued by
flooding
each rainy season well you see I have to
wake up it can't wash any uglier we cut
it go inside
and it slowly like I do every year
unfortunately when mudslides happen it
will find the valley it will find a
river way and that is where you will
find in most illegal settlements and so
unfortunately the Bobby were other ones
who get affected in such a way and lose
their lives
sadly amount of water flowing down the
hills there is no way you know it's not
really being held back by the tree cover
or the vegetation the intensity of
flooding is really increasing and
because the intensity of the flooding
has increased that is making the hills
more and more unstable Sierra Leone is
already experiencing the effects of
climate change the rainy season is
growing shorter and more in
and with steep hills strip to forest
cover the effects are deadly if you see
just during the period between the first
of July 2017 and the 14th of August 2017
which is when the landslide happened
Freetown received more than 1000
millimeters of rainfall which is more
than three times the average in a period
of a month and a half and they need to
take steps to address these issues
because the situation in the future is
going to get worse Freetown has too much
water in the rainy season but in the dry
season it faces a very different problem
match month is the start of the dry
season so people will kill house until
night hours
boom are Russian what are you have so
it's not easy for them to supply the
water every day
trees retain water they absorb it
through their roots and release it
slowly through their leaves into the
atmosphere to fall again as rain it is
this ability of the forest to hold and
release water that feeds the many
streams in the hills around free time
streams feed rivers and rivers feed
reservoirs free turns population depends
on these reservoirs for its drinking
water but without forest cover the water
cycle breaks down as rainfall runs
quickly off the slopes and into the sea
without the national park and its
forests a city of 1.3 million people
will find its water supply in jeopardy
the problems facing Freetown are immense
but the forests are resilient back otaku
Gama Bala has seen firsthand how nature
can recover from human interference five
years ago a hillside outside the
chimpanzee sanctuary was cleared for
construction Bala lobbied the government
and the land grabbers were evicted today
a forest has already begun to grow it's
not the first success they've had when
we first moved in here this area was
like this kind of trees everywhere
because this were all kind of
regenerated in the last twenty twenty
four years these are the ones you see
now there's other big trees
this perimetry I'm so proud of it I
planted it 23 years ago yes it's part of
me part of tokugawa story Sierra Leone
is a poor nation it has done little to
contribute to trying to change now it
finds itself facing an uncertain future
but there is still calls for help we
have six months of rains and good
fertile soil and everything grows but
you don't really need to plant even if
you allow it to rest
it grows back it's not all lost can be
regained
you
