the largest tent ever erected for a
revival meeting Billy Graham came to
national prominence as a 30 year old
when he attracted thousands of people to
a three-month long prayer rally in a
tent pitched in downtown Los Angeles
that any man can solve the problems of
life without Jesus Christ it was a
message that the charismatic Southern
Baptist minister continued to spread by
harnessing the power of radio and then
television I'm praying that this owl
will be really an our decision for you
from that medical-supply taken Billy
Graham by the mid 1950s Graham had
expanded his range to Europe where he
conducted mass rallies in sports
stadiums Graham's appeal was to some
measure due to his focus on more
moderate religious doctrines and never
seeking to convert people to a sectarian
Christian faith but he spoke out
strongly against communism bringing his
ministry to the Soviet Union a decade
before its fall we were certain that it
would open future doors for proclaiming
the gospel not only in the Soviet Union
but throughout the eastern world at home
Graham broke with his own church's
tradition and held racially mixed
rallies in the legally segregated south
as well as in apartheid South Africa
Billy Graham welcomes President Johnson
to his Crusade for Christ a confidant of
10 u.s. presidents Graham only endorsed
one in a campaign Richard Nixon he later
called it a mistake and in 2002 his
reputation for tolerance was marred with
a release of secret White House audio
tapes recording Graham agreeing with
Nixon's critical comments about Jews
gram apologized for those remarks saying
he was never an anti-semite in his old
age Graham was asked what about those
like the Jews the Muslims who don't
believe it's in God's hands I can't be
the judge you don't judge them no the
whole thing is about Jesus a country
preacher whose mastery of modern
communication set an example for other
men and women of religion to follow Tom
Ackerman al-jazeera
