nearly a million people in Gaza rely on
food aid handed out by Unruh the UN
agency charged with the care of refugees
from historic Palestine and their
descendants it's facing a funding crisis
after the u.s. transferred only 60
million of a planned 125 million dollar
payment unruhe had been expecting a
further 225 million dollars from the US
this year now it fears that figure could
instead be 0
we are safe for the first couple of
months in the year but if we don't get
this shortfall made up by either the
Americans changing their mind or new
money coming in during the second half
of the year we will have to face some
difficult decisions already funded
projects such as this qat backed school
are continuing in 11 countries have
acted to help fill the funding gap but
by fast-tracking existing commitments
not pledging new money Israel's army
chief has reportedly warned that the
humanitarian crisis is a growing
security risk calling for a steep
increase in aid to decrease the chance
of war Israel is part of the problem
Israel is the one who is imposing siege
blockade limiting the number of items
that enter the Gaza Strip so Israel must
put an end to its siege on blockade
policy instead of asking the
international community to intervene
there is some welcome intervention in
Gaza health sector the United Arab
Emirates is finalizing a 2 million
dollar pledge to fuel hospital
generators for four months earlier this
week Qatar's Gaza envoy announced a nine
million dollar package that also
included medicine and fuel but the event
ended in a demonstration of just how
desperate Garza's poorest really are as
he was bundled away in the face of
spontaneous protests
members of the cleaning staff have been
and strike for some time over unpaid
wages their frustration is really
erupting they were hoping for some kind
of announcement from the Carter ease-in
including the payment of those wages but
those hopes have been dashed and they're
angry
five months pay is owed by private
contractors who themselves had not been
paid by the government because of the
continuing delays in reconciliation
between Hamas and rival faction Fatah we
expected him to solve our problems
because we believe this donation came
about because we raised our voices but
he denied our rights and didn't give us
any help a beer her husband in their six
children surely need help they were
evicted from their home three months ago
now they share this shelter with her
brother's family sleeping on this broken
damp floor three to four hours
electricity a day no working lavatory no
money coming in just one family enduring
the cruelty of Gaza's slow collapse
Harry Fawcett al-jazeera Gaza
