it's a common sight with an uncommon
twist buddhist monks collecting alms
during the pre-dawn hours in rural
thailand but beneath these saffron robes
are women female monks are not
recognized by Thailand's Buddhist
leadership or by the government in 1928
the Thai Buddha's supreme patriarch
banned them even though the Constitution
guarantees religious freedom the
government has always supported the
ninety-year-old declaration
despite this the number of female monks
is growing when tomaten anta was the
first Taiwan to be ordained she had to
go to Sri Lanka because it's the only if
Theravada Buddhist country that allows
it she runs a temple for female monks 60
kilometres from Bangkok we have not done
anything against the law so that that's
why right now after 17 years of my
ordination now you have more than 270
women ordained one top ranking male monk
in Bangkok seals these types of temples
for women called peak Connie should be
shut down they refer to the Constitution
that says they are allowed the religion
is not like law law can be amended
anytime but with Buddhist rules this is
wrong they cannot be picking me a member
of the Thai human rights commission says
that the government's approach the peony
issue is done with one eye closed the
monks have made several failed attempts
to become officially recognised herself
an ordained novice Uttara macroon lagoon
thinks the issue of theme amongst needs
to be properly revisited resistant is
confirmed instead they always refer to
the Supreme Patriot later in 1928
despite the growing number of peak Kuni
there's a difference of opinion among
Thais its type II post nature
whoever behaves themselves gracefully
and respectfully we would just respect
them and the peony they behave well and
deserve our respect
as I see it the temple should be shut
down because it's not right that looks
inappropriate to when tomate Nanta not
only RP Cooney helping the community and
setting an example for all monks in
Thailand but as women they are better
equipped to deal to contemporary social
issues that have not been addressed by
either the government nor the Buddhist
leadership scott Heidler al jazeera
Bangkok
