it is the stuff of science fiction or at
least it used to be a computer able to
master an ancient Chinese board game
without human help to win every time and
a truck that drives itself computers and
vehicles powered by artificial
intelligence now leading academics are
warning not to put the brakes on AI but
that the technology is increasingly
being used for malicious purposes for
political or financial gain to extort
and to gain influence cyberattacks our
infrastructure as we've seen in Ukraine
and on attacks on computers and
hospitals manipulating people for
example we've seen some attempts to
manipulate and political elections in
the US and in Europe recently now those
have been varying degrees of
effectiveness with the techniques we
have to date but artificial intelligence
will allow new types of cyber attacks
that might be more capable than what
we've had before from health care to
warfare machine based thinking is
revolutionizing the way we live exposing
us to the benefits and the risks the
robot here has been designed to pick up
these little bricks and put them back on
the green mat now this is just a
laboratory setting but in five or ten
years time it could be developed to work
on a construction site or at a port and
the designer wouldn't want the
technology hijacked the report's authors
are calling on governments and the
industry itself to do more to protect us
from all the pitfalls
experts warn of the serious consequences
it's absolutely right that we issue
warnings with AI because the
capabilities and the possibilities for
it going wrong are absolutely they could
be absolutely tragic we need to be able
to get to grips with this now ai is
clearly here to stay and staying one
step ahead of those who want to abuse it
will be a constant challenge
Emma Heywood al-jazeera Cambridge
