the eastern border of the Democratic
Republic of Congo is in turmoil reports
of violence stretch 1000 kilometers
north to south clashes between a Ugandan
rebel group and DRC's military in the
northeast has pushed civilians to make
the dangerous crossing into Uganda some
are attempting to roll across Lake
Albert one of Africa's Great Lakes in a
ten-hour pedal some died of hunger some
drowned and the lake there's no one to
help you there's nothing to eat we're
surviving in the bush like animals now
the South East is reaching a tipping
point the humanitarian disaster of
extraordinary proportions is about to
hit the southeastern part of the
Democratic Republic of the Congo as the
province of Tanganyika plunges further
into violence triggering spiraling
displacement and human rights abuses the
southeast has been plagued by ethnic
violence but new armed groups are
popping up and Congolese in the area are
trapped fighters don't know who was on
her side so civilians are targeted
murders abductions and rape are common
they beheaded people they cut open their
stomachs removed their guts and lift
them to die that's how they're killing
people
in 2017 an estimated 120,000 people fled
into neighboring countries this latest
violence has displaced five times that
in just two months the UN thinks the
number of refugees is probably much
higher but they're in areas too remote
and dangerous to reach those that make
it to temporary camps tell stories of
their escape once among you I know
Kwanza nah I had to take all my clothes
off and jump into the river
I was completely soaked but I didn't
have a choice I was running for my life
the head of the Norwegian Refugee
Council says eight agencies are
overwhelmed and underfunded the
situation is worse now because more
armed groups are doing more attacks than
ever before just outside of town here in
Burnie that were several massacres in
recent days and therefore more people
have fled into town violence began to
increase in eastern DRC when President
Joseph Kabila refused to step down at
the end of his mandate in 2016 now it's
reached a new level
Charlotte Ballas al Jazeera
