this is one of the busiest maternity
wards in the Pakistani capital Islamabad
several babies are born here every day
but the odds of survival for infants
across Pakistan is some of the worst in
the world according to UN children's
charity UNICEF one in twenty two died
within the first month of life the
mothers don't have access to to the
hospital they don't have access to the
trained birth attendants the mothers are
malnourished they are anemic and there
is a lack of awareness among the masses
to take a mother to the hospital or a
health care provider at the time of the
delivery the situation globally isn't
much better every year more than two and
a half million babies die before turning
one month old 1 million of them take
their first and last breaths on the day
they are born
another 2.6 million are stillborn
Central African Republic Afghanistan
Somalia and Lesotho round out the top 5
nations were infants struggle to stay
alive more than 80% of newborn deaths
are the result of premature birth
complications during labor and delivery
infections poverty conflict and weak
institutions are being blamed those with
the best chance of survival are babies
born in Japan
Iceland and Singapore compared with
those countries newborns in the riskiest
places are 50 times more likely to die
there has been some success in reducing
child deaths the number dying before
their fifth birthday has halved over the
past 25 years but according to the UN
millions more could be saved if mothers
and babies have access to affordable
quality health care good nutrition and
clean water some of the government's
actually that are worst off spend less
than 1% of the gross domestic product on
health care and the National
recommendation is to spend at least 5%
if you couple that with training
competent health workers giving them a
chance to wash their hands as they was
step in to deliver babies and having
basic equipment drugs getting
breastfeeding going within an hour and
sending girls to school I think it's
within within reach of all governments
to do that babies born in countries
across sub-saharan Africa
often face the toughest odds that's
mainly because pregnant women are less
likely to receive assistance during
delivery in theists I'm al Jazeera
