this is one of the most unique places on
the Mekong River just before it flows
from Laos into Cambodia it disperses
becoming 11 kilometers wide and creating
thousands of channels and Islands
the Mekong is the largest inland fishery
in the world but in this part of the
river those who rely on it for food and
income say something is changing the
number of fish is decreasing each year
it seems like they might be staying
deeper for some reason I think there is
too much noise in the river something
part of the answer could lie a short
distance from where lured fishes in one
of the channels a dam is being built as
the Lao government works towards its
goal of becoming the battery of
Southeast Asia while China operates six
dams on the upper Mekong the danza hong
is just the second being built on the
lower reaches both Arin Laos and the
government has plans for at least seven
more this is a relatively small project
but has attracted some of the strongest
criticism downstream from Laos our
Cambodia and Vietnam both of which had
been calling for a moratorium on the
construction of dams on the main stream
of the Mekong River while seeing what
Laos is doing Cambodia has given up on
that now and is forging ahead with its
own plans to build at least two dams on
the Mekong one of which will be in the
province just across the border from
here
neighbouring countries had criticized
last for not being transparent enough
about Danza Hong and the potential trans
boundary impacts it's being built on one
of the only channels in the area that
fish can migrate up and downstream
year-round seventy percent of the fish
in the Mekong River a long-distance
migratory fridge so obstructing the
migration channel would mean the
destruction and depletion of the fish
stock in the whole region the developers
and the government say they're widening
and deepening other channels to allow
fish to swim through they're also
conducting daily surveys of fish stocks
in the area which they say aren't being
adversely affected we have engaged
internationally reputable company to
study and without subsidies that have
been shared with stakeholder Laos is
leading the race to harness the power of
the Lower Mekong and generate income
it's a race that opponents now
acknowledge they can't stop and can only
hope to slow it down Wayne hey al
Jazeera kong district southern Laos
