when Morgan Sanger eyes body arrived at
the place opposition parties called
Freedom Square his supporters called him
a hero for defending human rights and
always calling for free and fair
elections this is their last chance to
say goodbye
many here won't be able to attend the
burial on Tuesday in Barrera Tiger Eyes
rural home 200 kilometers from the
capital they say they'll continue his
work and prepare for the election in a
few months the entire leadership of the
main opposition party showed up for
Monday Israeli but there is speculation
the Movement for Democratic Change could
split if some key officials decide to
walk away some opposition members want
the party to hold a special Congress to
elect a new leader we say Nelson to be
disappointment as acting president by
the National Council is illegitimate at
the rally there were calls for the party
to stick together
miss McCardle is seated and decided that
chamma sota coiffeur tommysaw be the
took place tonight at the proof month so
if they need the Congress then they
should wait for 12 months but for now
opposition supporters say they are
united and will deal with whatever
problems lay ahead after Morgan
Tsvangirai has been buried her Matassa
al Jazeera Harari
