hi I'm Tommy okay and join the stream
today political crises in Ethiopia
state of emergency has been declared
after the sudden resignation of the
prime minister we asked what's next
family could be loud if you're joining
us live on youtube send us your
questions and your comments and i'll do
my best to get them into today's show
in a hectic few days last week Ethiopia
was thrown into political crisis it
began on Wednesday with the release of
several high-profile political prisoners
including opposition leaders and
journalists and what observers saw as a
concession to a street protest movement
that has swept the country of over the
last three years
the following day Prime Minister
Hailemariam Desalegn has suddenly
resigned in what many saw as a further
concession but then on Friday a state of
emergency was declared confusing the
picture and leaving many Ethiopians
wondering what is going to come next so
joining us to discuss these issues alula
Solomon is a director of the union of
two grains in North America a civic
organization that works for the
Advancement of peace democracy and
constitutional rule in Ethiopia Jawara
Jimenez the executive director of the
aroma Media Network sedale ulema is
editor-in-chief of add a standard
Mohamed Adel senior correspondent for Al
Jazeera and he's worked extensively in
Ethiopia we also invited several
representatives of the government in
Addis Ababa to take part in the show but
they didn't respond to our requests so
if you go an out to zero calm you look
up Ethiopia so many questions being
asked back here Ethiopia's state of
emergency 2.0 Ethiopia bans protests in
six months state of emergency what
triggered unrest in Ethiopia the
questions go on and on and on every
headline is a question remedy if we go
back a week and we look at a city of
emergency prime minister stepping down
what does that mean in this big story
that you've been telling us over so long
yes indeed family what happened last
Thursday is something that was a
surprise to many but again and many were
not surprised that Hailemariam was gone
although the timing was a bit of a shock
to some Hailemariam Desalegn was a man
who's largely seen as a placeholder
he took power after the death of Prime
Minister Meles Zenawi who was the
architect of Ethiopia's recent economic
boom he is from the south comes from the
smallest party within the ruling
coalition which is made up of four
parties he is a Protestant in a country
that is whose population is mainly made
up of Orthodox Christians so in in many
ways he was an outsider and people
expected during before the elections in
2020 he was going to go but after the
government through so many concessions
to those people who've been protesting
since 2015 it became quite apparent and
also following so many blames that were
put on the Prime Minister that he was
being lenient and he was not offering
leadership at a time of crisis he was
then made to step aside what many of our
sources in Ethiopia are saying now is
that the military where real power in
Ethiopia rests in trying to use the
process of finding a successor to
Hailemariam Desalegn to appease even
more protesters and probably come up
with something of some kind of a
solution to the crisis that country is
facing right now you know Mohamed oh you
spoke the words and they're already on
Twitter because people are saying the
exact same thing this is one person who
tweeted in he merely served as a
placeholder in the Prime Minister's
office he knowingly accepted his
obedient role for over five years and
this is why he meekly accepted the
arrangement and resigned it was a matter
a drama orchestrated by his
quote/unquote masters this is what one
person says another person write mock on
Twitter says he was just a symbolic
prime minister to appease the Ethiopian
people he didn't have the
decision-making powers of his
predecessor the power is in the hands of
the ruling political Bureau and the
coalition that is led by the two grey in
minority party majority party runs the
show from behind the scenes alula when
you look at this second tweet here that
the power is actually behind the scenes
and
that he was a placeholder what do you
make of that commentary oh well I don't
agree with that actually a statement
because ETOP has been led by the a PRF
which is made up of four member parties
from now or Alma to cry Amhara and
thousand people so after the primary
Prime Minister Melissa departure
Hailemariam came to power and then he's
been serving his country
based on the party's consensus and then
based on the constitution of the country
we have jawar on the phone - ah I want
to play a little bit what will be audio
for you but video for the rest of us
some high profile prisoners who were
released last week have a listen you
know this country is a country of
hundred million it is too big for one
political group for one group small
group but run the offense of hundred
million people - Brenda - Lucas it with
me if you're a peer is one large prison
I say this because there is no democracy
in the country this is a dictatorship we
have to change this big prison into a
democratic state jawar cut the ruling
party be changing they've released
prisoners the road to 100 way so the
rule party has its rooted in ideology
where they leave one party and one group
of elite has to dominate that cannot
work the communities in a country of 100
million and 88 the groups we cannot have
a single party dominate every aspect of
life economy military security and
expect Thank You rule forever they have
to change they have to remove the paper
some addresses they have to open up the
colossal space to
petition among various interest groups
but the current federal emergency - the
hope for came to education so Gerard
someone who might agree with you at
Knopf on Twitter says the only way to
overcome the crisis in Ethiopia is
widening the political sphere and making
all political groups in and outside of
Ethiopia part of that solution sadly by
declaring a state of emergency the
ruling party showed us it isn't ready
for real political dialogue but we also
got someone who then would disagree with
both usual and that person who tweeted
this is Daniel Barney he's the founder
of Horne Affairs in Addis Ababa and this
is what he told this room regarding the
question of the state emergency would
exempt rates I don't see why that would
be the case all other things constant
provided all other things are managed
when the state of emergency food
enhances security
and the stomach is a country secondly at
any rate the situation would attend
without expect the situations our
country to better result so steadily he
says this should enhance the security of
the country is that what we're seeing
right now what's your view of that I
respectfully disagree with Daniel with
this regard because as much as I would
like to believe that the intervention
from the security could play a role in
calming community you know a country of
100 million who have just been told that
the Prime Minister is resigning out of
the blue and who have been left
disoriented with the sense of regime
collapse as much as I would like to
believe that the security could be
playing a role in calming this this
structure of our security is such in you
know it's made in such a way that it's
brutality is considered to be a calming
factor we have seen that over and over
again not only in the last three years
but since the establishment of the
current government there is no you know
the the security has been functioning
within punitive and have a track record
of brutality
if Europeans know that even a small
gathering of protesters could turn into
an imaginable bloodshed because the
security cannot restrain itself now
under the state of emergency the
security has just been given a blanket
permission to search to stop and to do
whatever what was included in the state
of emergency and suddenly we expected to
restrain itself I highly doubt that and
it's not its track record so I
respectfully disagree with Danny
well actually generally speaking the
country has been through our Christ in
crisis since 2015 I believe there are
three major factors that actually
contributed to these crises in the
country which led to political malaise
in the country right now the first one
is there is lack of consensus between
political actors in Ethiopia major
political actors for example we can take
in nation-building some of them are
federalism which is right now currently
employed in Ethiopia and some other
actors are are nostalgic of the previous
regime which was which was in Ethiopia
before 1991 and on the other hand we do
not even agree on the status of the
capital city I believe jawar and ala
know this issue so the second factor is
we have made a transition political
transition since 1991 but the government
failed to uphold those promises after
the 1991 political transition to open up
democratic space inclusive of all
political actors and the third one I
believe is the crisis within the
ruling party losing the ruling party if
you are deaf so this led us to this
political malaise we are in right now
yogi is a protest so I'm just thinking
here one of the things that the state of
emergency has actually done it is stop
the progress or at least try to stop the
protest what are you hearing from the
Oromo perspective about the impact of
this state of emergency it has
absolutely no impact whatsoever because
the federal emergency did not stop last
year that lasted for nine months
right well the end of the emergency the
protests erupted now after almost when
two hours after it was declared the
state of emergency or mobile nowhere to
be seen people of continuity ignore it
the government does not have the
capability the legitimacy even the
military muscle to control the region
regional prophecies the regional
security forces the police are not over
the central government the central
government cannot implement this state
of emergency
it is meant as a tactic to intimidate
people into sane inside into submitting
but that you're working and I don't
understand why they needed a state of
emergency
there is no violent confrontation it was
a violent crisis there was unrest people
were killed and then there was a
displacement of people and so people
were targeted because of their ethnic
background their property their
properties destroyed and ransacked so
all these factors actually I know that I
agree the state of emergency has its own
cost but it's not as expensive as lack
of peace so the state of emergency
actually can help the government or the
ruling party EP rdf
to accomplish its promises when the it's
promises when the executive party the
executive committee of the ruling party
has been taking it's a meeting which
lasted for 17 days so it
it helps the ruling party in the
government to do all the decisions that
work that wasn't made during the meeting
so I believe the state of emergency can
help implementing those promises I take
your point but I want you to hear this
one consider this perspective this is
Tawadros and he sent us a video comment
Amara's have felt the brunt of this
regime for 27 years and are fighting for
survival
Amara's had been ethnically cleansed
from their land scene their population
dwindle and live as second-class
citizens in their own country instead of
opening up dialogue in opening up the
political space the the tlf regime has
declared a state of emergency again the
state of emergency needs to end
immediately the solution to the opium
can only come when all Ethiopians are
part of the conversation on how to
create a democratic Ethiopia so steadily
we've seen strikes in a couple of Amara
cities what is it that protesters want
well it depends on where the protesters
flare up you know if you keeping people
do have ties and types of questions that
have been relegated to the back at the
expense of or to indulge the politics in
there so it depends on which area the
protesters flare up so the Oromo people
do have their own questions and their
their Mahara do have the same their own
question and if you go to the south and
region the Kwanzaa people do have their
own questions so it this is a cumulated
result of the question of the people
that have not been addressed by the
ruling party for the last 27 years is
just the layers upon layers of
grievances from maladministration to the
questions of identity to the questions
of self administration which is
enshrined in the Constitution but which
has been trespassed by by the central
government over and over again so it's a
multitude of questions that are flaring
up everywhere you go and the people have
had it enough that's why they're coming
up to the streets with the questions and
the questions keep on growing
certainly we found it yeah please go
ahead joy I think what there is in
Amhara region or Nia or any other region
the people's demands are very simple
they want an into discrimination they
want an inclusive politics they want
democracy they were a good governance
but these government since this party
entire domination of a group that comes
from 6% of the population had
monopolized political power economy
security they have been jailing and
exiling elite the integrated sector from
other ethnic groups people want to be
part of the process they want to have
part of the pie but the regime is not
willing to do that and as long as the
regime continues to us aspire to
maintain its dominate
dominance and hegemony there will be put
but now I want to add it yeah now where
we are the regime can no longer maintain
domination the regime is at its last leg
it's really right now but what the
people are trying to do is save the
country by getting rid of the regime
yeah I agree
the the demand from the public has to be
listened by the government and has to be
answered but the problem here is people
who live in in the Western countries
like who have the media our from fearing
the violence in Ethiopia right now they
actually are propagating information
that can instigate ethnic violence clash
between people we have because I can
meet you yeah there is no independent
media I agree I agree with your idea we
need to have inclusive politics I know
that there has to be kind of let me just
add something because I know you're not
seeing it by I have a monitor so I see
so daily and I see Mohamed actually
smiling when we're talking about
independent media in Ethiopia so I think
there's a knowledge there that they're
acknowledging that very if the RDF has
made a decision during its executive
committee meeting which lasted for 17
days and prisoners are released right
now political prisoners and then I
actually are one of the four
member parts has actually are called for
all parties to participate in in this
open political process I believe Jawara
knows this the opilio which is one of
the member parties of the EP rdf has
called yeah so the regime is now
starting to open up the space it
released political prisoners it premies
out of time in this show Lua let me just
show people what you're thinking here on
your Twitter sleep over seven hundred
and forty business have been pardoned by
Ethiopian authorities as part of a
political reform move to foster national
unity we hear your perspective let me
just show you something behind me here
you've been watching it during the whole
of the show
this is supporters and secretary-general
the aroma Federation Congress and
they're in Adama this is the aroma
region and this is the the area the
community here celebrating his release
but Mohamed I wanted to play a little
clip from you from a stream episode in
November 2016 and this is get a chew
redder he was at the time the
communications minister for the
Ethiopian ruling party and this is what
he said about what do we do now and that
was almost two years ago have a listen
there has to be dialogue by the way this
is a matter of survival we cannot afford
to hack our way out of on pass after on
pass if we fail to address the
grievances of the public in a manner
that satisfies we fail to create
mechanisms whereby people can vent their
frustrations in a manner that doesn't
affect the stability of the country and
then the the survival of the country
itself will be rebirthed sticks again it
was a protest that brought us to that
show protests that were shut down last
week how much progress has ethiopia made
valid
well you can say that a lot has happened
in terms of progress in Ethiopia and
particularly in the development field as
well as the economy Ethiopia is one of
the fastest growing economies in Africa
just a few months ago it became the
biggest economy in East Africa but when
it comes to the issue of basic freedoms
freedom of speech freedom of the media
and this is a huge problem in Ethiopia
and the government has been as it has
done before trying to use the same
tactics it has used over the years and
in this era of social media it's quite
untenable to be able to use all these
tactics that have worked for you in the
past but might not work for you in the
at the moment but one thing that my
friends have not yet raised and which I
think is the elephant in the room is the
issue of ethnic federalism that decision
taken way back nearly 30 years ago when
Ethiopia was divided into ethnic based
regional states and which has resulted
in today people paying more allegiance
to their ethnic community first then to
the state and the nation of Ethiopia
under federal flag because every region
out of the nine has goes its own flag
and its own identity using its own
language not only in schools but also to
govern themselves that I think has
really chopper Ethiopia's ball and is at
the epicenter of the problem that is
unraveling in Ethiopia so Mohamed I'm
glad that you brought it up because
actually several people on Twitter are
discussing that very issue and want to
know if that's going to change one
person says if I could reshape it co
piya I'd abolish ethnic identification
it gives me world war two shivers to be
quite honest integrate Ethiopia leave
religious sectarianism and ethnocentrism
behind by strengthening internal
cohesion of the people with the
political system at any cost on the
other hand though the opposite view but
de luces I strongly believe the system
of federalism is the
panacea to our multi-ethnic nation
siddell a you can see there there's
there is a divide online on whether or
not that is the answer or whether or not
it should be discontinued what do you
make about well this is this is a very
complicated matter to address it in a
very short platform like this to begin
with there is no such thing as ethnic
federalism the Constitution does not say
that Ethiopia is a federation and it's a
country of more than 80 ethnicity groups
so by definition it calls itself a
federation and its ethnic arrangement is
called
multi-ethnic rather federalism so I'm
not saying that there is not a problem
in that arrangement but most of the
problem emanates from in a country where
you have an eighty atomicity groups the
majority of them being the Oromo and be
one of the most marginalised one to run
a system whereby you have the economy
the security and other basic pillars of
functioning country controlled by a
minority does not bode well it doesn't
bode well even in a democratic country
any future is just practicing that kind
of bold decision that they took in 1991
but it has not been tasted none of the
provisions that are included in the
Constitution have been properly
implemented so far so it is a
constitution that tries to acknowledge
that the country is a multi-ethnic
country it is not a country that's
dominated by one language one flag one
ethnicity that it like it used to be
before it tries to address that but the
politics got in the way of sure and the
politics brought it so we have not even
tried to apply that ethnic federalism
born in the Sudan with lemon Chihuahua
Hamid a Lula Solomon and Mohamed Adel
our time has it's run out we're at the
end of the show we're all online hash
tag AJ streams where we will continue
this conversation
Malik and I will see you there thanks
for watching
you
