it's a daily ritual lighting candles and
paying respect to a politician murdered
a month ago in this lawless City Oliver
Ivanovich leader of a minority Kosovo
Serb party spoke Albanian and had been
trying to foster better relations with
the government in Pristina he was shot
dead and no one seems to know who did it
organized crime is rampant here and
there are suspicions there could have
been a political motivation gradually in
my video you can see in people how
unsafe they feel and they are if you
talk about it but what concerns me the
most is that many of Oliver's friends
and my friends have left Metro visa and
more considering it this journalist
whose office still bears the evidence of
intimidation nearly three years ago also
believes things are getting worse Raja
I've been a victim of theft and burglary
I've been attacked but those are things
that happen to people here every day
since ivanovich's murder people's fears
have definitely increased it's because
he was so well-respected on the south
side of meat repeat serve the majority
Kosovo Albanians population has been
celebrating ten years of Independence
it's in contrast to the north where the
Serbian flag flies Kosovo's government
ministers accused their Serbian
counterparts in Belgrade of meddling in
the affairs of this city making it
dysfunctional this bridge taking you
over from the southern side has been
renovated it feels new but ten years
after Independence was announced they're
still division here this is a gesture of
defiance before we even get into the
north building work comes to an end here
because of disputes with the Kosovo Serb
local authority that have caused months
of delays Kosovo's prime minister
acknowledges there are big difficulties
but he says the crime problem is being
tackled we are in process of integrating
north of establishing rule of law we
respect the specifics of the community
and integrate the community and
this is my approach but that approach is
met with cynicism there's no mention
here of independence or integration
Andrew Simmons al Jazeera nature of it
sir Kosovo
