an assembly-line of fireworks and Leo
young province each red roll of
gunpowder is distant to mark the start
of a new year in the Chinese calendar
Leo young is the fireworks capital of
the world
it all started some 1,400 years ago
during the Tang Dynasty but threatens to
implode with a decision by the Chinese
government to ban fireworks because of
pollution fireworks are a cherished
tradition during the Chinese New Year
but they push hundreds of cities above
the recommended air quality levels
this was smog and Beijing a year ago it
seems like this that have pushed the
government to ban fireworks and 444
cities that's now been expanded to
include Beijing Tianjin and provincial
capitals who Faye and Changsha violators
will face fines of up to $15,000 they
shouldn't be a ban on fireworks because
first of all pollution isn't caused by
fireworks setting off fireworks has been
a tradition for more than 1,000 years so
I don't quite understand why there's a
ban China's firework industry employs
three million people and has sales of
more than fourteen billion dollars but
new regulations have her profits and
lower demand has shrunk the industry leo
young's firecrackers and fireworks
management Bureau says in two years the
number of firework companies have half
to around five hundred if you look
around the market you can only see a few
shops remain open we don't see many
customers anymore that's because many
have swapped to legal options and cities
like Beijing they're substituting
gunpowder with electricity electronic
firecrackers can substitute the regular
firecrackers but if they are bright and
colorful Chinese set off fireworks for
the noise it's believed to scare away
bad spirits and bring a more successful
new year manufacturers and retailers are
looking for an early start
Charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
