Stephen walkway ball has high hopes for
South Africa's new president his known
Cyril Ramaphosa since they were boys two
of thousands whose childhoods have been
spent on the streets of Soweto
he given a chance the ANC gives him a
chance this country will be tender civil
as a boy you know everybody when we grow
everywhere when he grows up
there are those hiccups in there those
naughty things let me do he was involved
but when it came to the real things they
were doing the right thing
somato has been described as the heart
of Africa it's a mixture of cultures and
religions this prosperity here and
there's also poverty people who say that
Ramaphosa can succeed but only if he
remembers where he's fought but Jacob
Zuma the man Rama poza has replaced grew
up in poverty - only to become mired in
allegations of corruption there are
those here who say that coming from
Soweto may not be enough to prevent Rama
poza facing the same fate Sri Rama poses
first state of the nation speech also
known as the SONA
has ranged from cutting youth
unemployment boosting the struggling
economy in helping industry and tackling
widespread corruption I'm excited to see
what Cyril can do I think these focus is
not on accumulating wealth it's on
putting the country first so many many
many positive things as you can hear the
speech is still ongoing and it's people
clapping and not booing right you know
how this one is it creates expectation
but I'm more a more at ease more than
excited a more even more more confident
not extremely but but I'm happy with
what I heard so far in Soweto and across
the rest of South Africa people have
heard rum opposes promises now they're
waiting to see if he can deliver Rob
Matheson al-jazeera Soweto
