rakaia Diallo is a French activist
feminist filmmaker and writer a longtime
anti racism campaigner she has found
herself at the center of a debate about
racism and free speech in France last
year she was forced to step down from
the government's digital council an
incident that only served to reinforce
her belief that France has a problem
with state-sponsored racism today on
talk to Al Jazeera we discussed the
social issues she's fighting to put on
france's agenda and whether she's
hopeful the country can bring its people
together
Micaiah diello thank you for talking to
Al Jazeera first I want to start off
with the fact that you were one of 30
people appointed to this French digital
council it is a committee that advises
the government on digital affairs but
you were asked to step down why actually
the government was asked by people who
disagree with my views to evict me from
from the council and I was not even
asked by the government to step out the
government issued a statement to say
that he asks to the head of the GG
transia to make me go away from it the
the fact that I was tackling stage
racism state-sponsored racism and I was
supporting Muslim women who wanted to
wear the hijab if they wanted to and
many it was basically was that yes those
views the the way I frame my views on
race and racism in French in France
Muslim so I want to talk to you about
that because as you say one of the main
complaints that people had against you
those who actually asked for you to be
forced office council was the fact that
you've talked about state racism what is
state racism for you are you saying that
the French state it's institutions are
racist I'm saying that different
institutions produce racism in France if
you are perceived as an Arab or as a
black person you are 20 times more
likely to be checked if you are man then
adding any other category of the
populations meaning that the police is
over controlling a category of the
population and the police is an
institutional of the French Republic and
you have several examples of
institutions being having different ways
of treating treat treating some people
because of their race
I can also mention the fact that in
France we still have overseas
territories that used to be colonies and
now our friendship partners in those
departments you can use certainly a kind
of pesticides and you can spread them
over those territories which is
and in the French mainland so to me
given the fact that those islands and
territories are mostly populated by
people of color it means that you have a
difference of treatment between mostly
people of French people who live in the
mainland who are mostly white and French
people who live in those territories
just to pick up the points about the
police I mean it could be that there are
certain people within the police force
who are racist perhaps they are racist
elements in the police force but does
that necessarily mean that the state is
supporting them I mean are you saying
that the state is actively promoting and
supporting racism the fact is that the
Supreme Court in France sentenced the
state for for racial profiling and to
defend itself this the state said that
those profiling that were focused mainly
on black blacks and Arabs were justified
so the state doesn't even deny the fact
that the police is over controlling
black people and Arab people mostly men
so to me that means that there is
nothing that he's done to prevent that
and France has been also sentence
several times by the European Court of
Human Rights because of that and many
institutions are tackled at the UN Human
Rights Watch Amnesty International
saying that friends isn't doing anything
to protect its easily it's citizen of
color from police brutality and from
police profiling so what about the
French people I mean do you make a
difference between institutionalized
state racism and the French public or
the French public relations sure because
I'm part of the French public as a
French person so when I say that there
is racism from the French institution
I'm not saying that all the French
people are racist
I'm just saying that the state should
implement measures to stop that how
about you and your personal experience
because you are the daughter of African
parents you are woman you are Muslim but
you're often in mainstream media you
often contribute to television to radio
you are
a French personality what is your
experience being I mean have you managed
to navigate this system in France how
have you done it I feel like I'm an
exception because if you watch a
different TV you don't see that many
faces looking like mine and today I
really considered that I have a
privilege and I try to use that
privilege to tackle racism because I
know that many of my fellow French
citizen one not white doesn't have are
not as lucky as I am and they don't have
the means to be vocal and to make public
the statements the kind of Testament
that I used to make public and I have
the feeling that being a black woman and
the Black Muslim women I don't have the
right to say as much as as other people
who are public as well because when
whenever I start to speak about racism
in the way I do I have much backlash so
let's talk a bit now about Frances new
president Emmanuel macron do you think
in some way things might change because
from the outside at least it seems as if
he might have a more inclusive vision of
France I think that he does have a more
inclusive vision of France because it
belongs to a different generation
compared to the former presidents so the
way he sees friends is actually very
different from the people from the
former generations because he's used to
see friends with you know a diverse face
but the other thing is that he was part
of the previous government so what is
implementing now is not that different
from what was started before as it was
the Minister of Finance the other thing
is that we used to be under a state of
emergency for two years from 2015 and
till 2017 and Emmanuel McCune pushed a
new law to replace the state of
emergency but to me it was just an
institutionalization of the state of
emergency because the state of emergency
allows the police to have powers that it
doesn't have
out of that state of emergency and it
really reduces the power of the judges
to me that doesn't work it just creates
the feeling among a part of the
population that they don't belong so if
the state of emergency perhaps isn't the
signal that you would have liked have
seen if it wasn't canceled could you not
say though going back to a man or Matt
call that whether you agree with him or
not he has instituted the sort of change
that you've actually been talking about
in some ways because you have the
National Assembly which now has it made
up of nearly half women people from
civil society people from diverse
backgrounds people very much like
yourself is that not changed is that not
a move in the right direction it's a
very very good move so there are 39
percent of women in the assembl√©e
nationale which is not half but quite
much as much than it was before you have
many enemies who are people of color who
are from who are much younger than the
former generation so that's a very
average age as dropped down and it's a
very very good move but if you watch the
government the movie not as good as it
was before the only that only two people
of color in the government one is the
minister of sports and the other one was
the one who asked me to resign from the
digital digital calcium and he's nothing
he's not the most important member of
the government that would have been very
important to have someone holding a very
important and strong office but still
it's it's a it's a new generation who is
who has the power and that's something I
can I can definitely be happy about so
let's move on to that very very French
concept of sacral ism it's called lie CT
in in France and ICT is it's it's all
it's a way of life in a way for the
French state it's all about trying to
make sure that religion has no influence
in governments and schools and
institutions in hospitals France has
very strict secular laws what do you
think about Lacey - I think it's a very
very good principle that says that there
is a superior
between religion and the state and that
the French Republic the Republic is
supporting the freedom of religion and
the freedom of consciousness meaning
that you can believe on a belief you
will be supporting in your freedom by
the government so that that's very very
good thing on the paper so one of
France's best-known secular laws forbids
people to wear any visible very visible
religious symbols such as kippers veils
crosses in state institutions so they
can't wear them in schools they can't
wear them in hospitals what do you think
about this I know you've been quite
vocal on this point yes the thing is to
me that whole is an exception to the
principle of Lies to tip so the law of
2004 ban the religious science in
schools for students the principle
applies today says that if you are
public servant
you don't you cannot show any and
display any religious symbol which makes
sense but if you are a user of a public
service you're not supposed to be
neutral so it was the case for all the
public services and to 2004 which made
which made an exception with school so
now as a user of school you have to be
neutral as if you were if you were a
public servant
Twitter's not the principal of light
City anymore it's so low but we had to
vote a new law to be added to the law
that started the principle of ICT in
1905 because this that law didn't allow
that you know to me school is the place
where you can learn about diversity and
it's important that the teacher show the
neutrality display neutrality but the
students don't have to be to be bound by
such measures because they are not
actually then they're not in contract
with the state I mean the French state
would say that all of those children
should be seen as equal there should be
nothing visible that might mark one
child out from another so do you think
that that in principle is a good idea or
not
JD is beautiful
but the reality is quite different and
it positions the head of schools in a
very very strange place because they
have to guess the religion of certain
students because if a black student was
head scarf is it religious is it
cultural
there have been controversy because of
some students who were the hijab out of
school they put it out when they go to
school but they have long skirts and
some head of schools and of high schools
especially so that it was a religious
skirt so you would interpret the skirt
as being religious because you know that
the student is Muslim but if another one
who is not Muslim wear the same skirt is
not a problem anymore
and to meet that those differences it's
just a way for the students to learn to
live to live together the whole
conversation in France around the veil
has also become very much linked to
women's rights you'll hear government
ministers people in the public often
talk about the veil and say that it is
an erosion of women's rights and
therefore that is reason to ban it in
school what do you think about that I
think that the first right that the
women have is to do whatever she wants
to do with her body so if you want to
cover your body you should be free to do
so and if you don't want to cover to
cover your body you shouldn't be forced
to do so and you should be supported in
having the right of removing it's you
know the headscarf or whatever covers it
it's to me it's a very patronizing way
of seeing women saying that ok we have a
way we see to us freedom means being
dressed in that way and we will help you
Muslim women to understand that freedom
is uncovering and we will even force you
to uncover to make you understand that
all feminism is like that it's very
ethnocentric and very patronizing
post-colonial
to me because we are sure well you said
that I was missing I don't cover myself
but I don't want everybody to look like
me I can totally understand that some
women in my family would like to cover
and we asked you belonging to the same
family we are still missing and I don't
want you to to criticize them because
they are they have their own will as
women all right so let's talk about
feminism now because you have written
extensively and you talked a lot about
women's rights you campaign a lot for
women's rights we have seen recently a
huge global movement against sexual
harassment a women's movement the me to
campaign on social media what have you
thought about that is that is it
progress
yes um it's a major progress it's even
according to me a turning point because
women used to try to say and to be vocal
about the harassment that they are
exposed to every day the fact that they
have they are surrounded by many men who
think that they can they can have access
to the body in the way they want they
can pressure them to use the way the
fact that there are women to gain some
favors and it was not something that was
very public it was something that women
used to speak about together in behind
closed door but it wasn't a door sorry
but it was not public in France there
was a letter written I'm sure you're
familiar with it too l'amour newspaper
one of the main newspapers here in
France it was signed by a hundred
prominent French women including the
movie actress Catherine Deneuve and this
letter basically said that the me to
campaign of this this women's movement
against sexual harassment was in a way
puritanical and that men should be
allowed to make sexual sexual advances
on women why not for them they said
women aren't victims we are strong is
that not another brand of feminism I'm
not sure about the fact that the even
claim feminism
because that text was proclaiming the
right for the men to bother women I
don't know how you can how we can say
that and at the same time say that
should defend women so I remember that
the text mentioned men who molested
women in the in the in the subways it's
something very common in in France who
have men died using the fact that they
can have proximity with women who just
put their body close to them and they
said that to some women it was not even
an event the first thing is that I don't
imagine Catherine Deneuve in the French
Metro so I don't think that she knows
what she speaks about and the other
thing is that how can you say that it's
not an event having a man that you've
never seen in your life putting this
body on you and not being a not being
able to scream because you're afraid
because there are too many people
because you you've shocked you in
shocked so to me it's a very
conservative backlash and it would eat
it if you have a look on the list of the
women we see that they are mostly from
another generation I've just got a few
more things to ask you in there about
some of the things that you've spoken
about in the past you wrote in The
Huffington Post in 2015 it was an
article about immigration it was article
about refugees it was the height of the
refugee crisis in Europe and you said
I'm ashamed to live on a continent where
the immigration policy consists of
building walls where money spent on
barricades instead of investing in human
destinies that was back in 2015 are you
still ashamed to live in Europe and why
I am because I have seen what happened
in Calais I have seen so immigrants
living in the streets even in my
neighborhood in Paris police officers
coming destroying tents stopping
preventing NGOs from giving water to
young people it's it's unacceptable it's
unacceptable to know that the EU is
spending much more money on barricades
than on supporting people
you know from other countries too just
to make a living I have seen a woman
delivering her baby in the streets in
Paris a young woman from Africa France
hasn't never been as welcoming as
Germany when I compared France to
Germany I can see that there is a
problem because we we have never
considered considered opening the
borders to welcome people from Syria
from countries that there are at war and
where people really need to get asylum
from you've talked about Germany Germany
Sweden there are countries there that
have done a lot to help refugees so in a
sense when you say you're ashamed to
live on this continent I mean those are
European countries I think that there
are several different policies in Europe
and some countries are much more
welcoming than France even in France
if France has been for a long time a
country of immigration I want to ask you
one one last thing about something that
you have said before I mean it's quite
complex there was this this outcry here
in Paris over the Afro feminist
collective it's an organization that had
a festival in Paris they organize some
workshops some of them were prohibited
to non African women others were open
and there was a big outcry at the time
because it was seen that white French
people were being banned from these
workshops I've read that you said the
North African women Asian women were
also not allowed but whoever was wasn't
allowed isn't it still some form of
segregation
no because segregation is something that
comes from the state and that really in
store a kind of hierarchy so saying that
there are people who have more value
that other people those workshops were
meant for black women just to meet and
to speak about the issues for a couple
of Harris so that doesn't threaten
anything regarding the law it's just a
space where black women can speak about
the issue that can be a discrimination
that they are facing the very specific
that they are facing as black women you
have some other activities that would be
open to all women of color because as a
woman of color you don't experience the
same kind of racism as men of color and
as white people definitely so it's not
to me it's not a threat and I was kind
of surprised by the attention that's
more a festival gained because in Paris
for example there is a place that is
called a little bit Club the fossa which
is a very wealthy place where rich men
can gather and meet together and it's
not allowed for women to go there so if
me as a woman I want to use their pool I
wouldn't be I will be back but there is
a difference between excluding people
and prohibiting them from going to an
organization a club or a meeting and
holding a meeting and assuming that
people might not come along I mean there
is a difference between saying you are
not welcome in the same way that the
Automobile Club that you mentioned it's
obviously something I imagine that you
don't admire the fact that women are
excluded the fact that there is a ban on
a certain type of person or gender or
whatever it might be is something that
you wouldn't normally support so why is
it different in this case because it's
made to make people who don't have many
spaces to express themselves to have for
once one space to express themselves
without being interrupted without having
people doubting of the fact that they
are exposed to discriminations to to
mercury's even even even sometimes it's
something that is temporary it's just
having a couple of harris to speak about
you know how it how it is to be a black
woman in france and it's something that
you cannot do with someone who is not a
black woman but it's not a project of
segregation for the for the differential
sia t that's something that they were
they would like to install forever i
understand that but why bam why prohibit
people from coming you can have that
meeting there's no reason for
group of African women not to meet
together and talk I mean most people
probably wouldn't want to go to that
meeting unless they had an interest to
go to that meeting so why say to some
people who aren't African who aren't
women you are not welcome if you are a
woman you have been exposed to sexual
harassment to even chirps you know that
the conversation between women who have
been exposed exposed to sexual assault
will not be the same if there is a man a
man in the room it's not excluding the
man it's allowing the women to express
themselves themselves freely because
there are some topics that you cannot
speak comfortably about if there are
some people who are not affected by the
issue the issues you rape you you're
raising
okay so just finally require I mean
looking forward I mean how do you feel
about the state of France because
there's a lot of concern I'm hearing a
lot of concern but what about the future
is there any hope yes I really think
that there is hope if I was not hopeful
I wouldn't be an activist and I wouldn't
try to work on those issues so I'm sure
that there is much hope there is a new
generation that is coming who are
starting to be vocal to to raise
awareness on issues that didn't used to
be mainstream before so the fact that we
are speaking the two of us here about
friends and raised me as a black woman
being in the public sphere tackling
those issues even if it's not easy every
day to me it's a sign of change and I'm
really hopeful about the future all
right thank you very much for car
dialogue
thanks for talking to her it was a
pleasure
