Rex Tillerson didn't receive the warmest
of welcomes when he arrived in the
Turkish capital Ankara Turkey has been
angered by US policy which it believes
threatens its national security and
president reject a Bedouin made that
clear during a three-hour long meeting
with the US Secretary of State in Syria
the United States has been arming and
supporting the Kurdish militia the YPG
Turkey says the YPG is a terrorist
organization that killed dozens of
Turkish civilians and soldiers in recent
weeks the support for the Kurdish
fighters has baffled the Turks who say
the Americans should be siding with
their NATO allies and not with an
outlawed group according to Tillerson
the disagreements over Syria are being
resolved and both Ankara and Washington
will now be working towards this same
goal our two countries share the same
objectives in Syria the defeat of Isis -
secure in stable zones and independent
and unified Syria - listen in his
counterparts marucho shoulder announced
that they'd established a mechanism so
that the two NATO allies would be able
to resolve all issues and better
collaborate but no details were given
and there's another problem that has not
gone away the continued refusal by the
u.s. to extradite Fethullah Gulen the
man Turkey accuses of orchestrating the
July 2016 failed in relation to
Fethullah Gulen do we have evidence do
we not have evidence can he be
extradited or not rather than having
these discussions in the press and in
public we will have these discussions
and work together on these issues
thank you very much US Turkish relations
have probably never been worse off but
direct citizens visits seems to have
been a positive one with a clear message
that the two allies will start working
together again whether they will succeed
only time will tell
jameelah chaeyeon al jazeera ankara
