Gazza mourns its dead again seven
Palestinians two of them children were
killed by Israeli fire on Friday the
funerals took place across the Gaza
Strip our kids who don't even have
pocket money or clothes to wear to
school or even school bags go out there
and come back covered in blood more than
500 people were also injured with many
requiring hospital treatment
Garza's hospitals already under pressure
they're running out of equipment of
medicines and are struggling to cope
with the number of wounded arriving
every Friday remember let me shadow
considered louder I went to the border
in the afternoon to take part in the
demonstration I saw the Israeli sniper
shoot someone in the neck he was close
to the border and I went to rescue him
but when I got there I couldn't help so
I ran back as I ran back I was shot in
the leg the Israeli army has killed at
least 190 Palestinians since the
protests began on March 30th to demand
the right of return for Palestinians and
an end to the Israeli Egypt siege of the
strip the Israeli army has been
criticized by human rights groups in
some foreign governments for using
heavy-handed tactics to disperse the
crowds as well as live fire the Israeli
army used tear gas armed drones and tear
gas fired from vehicles Israel says the
Palestinians are flying what it calls
terror kites over the Gaza fence that
are causing fires and damage to property
however in a statement on Friday about
the latest protests Israel confirmed no
soldiers were injured and no property
damaged Friday was the deadliest day the
protests have seen in recent weeks and
despite that they show no signs of
slowing down
diplomatic efforts are at a standstill
so there's no reason to doubt that
they'll come to an end any time soon
Imran Khan al Jazeera Ramallah
