most refugees held on Manus Island in
Papua New Guinea were sent there in 2013
so this year most will mark five years
in what they call Australia's remote
island prison that particular word isn't
used in a report by a regional
protection officer for the United
Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
but after a visit to Manus his language
is just as strong he found a pervasive
and worsening sense of despair among
refugees and asylum seekers a sense of
desolation people would be walking
around their faces would be doncaster
and looking at the ground not many
people are going out of their rooms
Reiko Salcido says the need for medical
care mental health support and trauma
counseling it's critical and unmet but
really the refugees shouldn't be on
Manus at all it's up to the country
which sent them to Papua New Guinea to
find them safe long-term homes elsewhere
Australia ultimately has responsibility
for the welfare and for the solutions
for people outside of Papua New Guinea
some refugees have flown to the United
States under a resettlement deal
Australia reached while Barack Obama was
in office but most have not and their
future is as uncertain as ever the
hardline policy to send refugees who
arrived by boat to Manus Island was
first introduced in July 2013 by then
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd people who
come by boat now have no prospect of
being resettled in Australia the rules
have changed
if you come by boat you will never
permanently live in Australia Rudd lost
an election shortly after that and the
Conservative government has been in
power since toughened his policies
further earlier this week Kevin Rudd
reflected on the tenth anniversary of
his national apology to indigenous
Aboriginal people mistreated for decades
by various Australian Government's I
interviewed him about that and then
asked him whether he thought that ever
be a need for a future Australian Prime
Minister to issue another apology this
one to refugees sent by his government
and subsequent ones to Manus Island or
Nauru Rudd wouldn't answer that but did
say he'd never meant refugees to be
Mannis this long it's been inhumane in
the extreme for the Conservative
government of Australia to regard those
who are on manners as asylum seekers to
come to this country there's pure ly
domestic political pawns in a wider
political game despite what he said
publicly in 2013 Kevin Rudd now says
refugees on Manus should be found a home
in Australia Andrew Thomas al-jazeera
Canberra
