the sanctuary of a school punctured with
screams panicked children flee terrified
parents wait we've seen this over and
over and over again at high schools at
universities and at an elementary school
20 children 6 adults slaughtered by an
automatic weapon then as in now the
flags come down and the politicians
debate this uniquely American phenomena
the core question they ask our guns
really to blame President Donald Trump
didn't even mention the word gun in his
address not even once
we are committed to working with state
and local leaders to help secure our
schools and tackle the difficult issue
of mental health we have to have smart
gun safety laws and we cannot tolerate a
society and and and live in a country
with any level of pride when our babies
are being slaughtered the last time
Congress actually debated gun control
after these six-year-olds were murdered
in 2012 even with the parents of the
dead children lobbying them the Senate
couldn't pass a bill requiring
background checks to buy a gun and that
proposal is hugely popular according to
Gallup 96 percent of Americans polled
want background checks for all gun
purchases seventy-five percent want a
30-day waiting period to buy a gun and
70 percent want all guns to be
registered with police so why does the
popular will not have an impact here on
Capitol Hill
well many lawmakers from rural areas are
afraid of angering their constituents
where guns are more prevalent and
there's also the issue of campaign money
the gun lobby the National Rifle
Association is very powerful if you add
up the money it gives to candidates
running ads or lobbying they have
contributed more than two hundred and
three million dollars for elections
dating back to 1998 now that it has
happened again a familiar refrain from
people in power we owe it to every one
of those kids trying outside their
school you
today and all those who never made it
out of that school they didn't make it
out of a school a supposedly safe place
that in America clearly isn't anymore
and there seems to be little political
will to do anything to try and change
that patty call Haines al-jazeera
Washington
