zena's the chief negotiator in the final
days of Jacob Zuma's presidency cerebrum
opposes time as Acting President is a
signal of change but celebrations by his
supporters may be short-lived as
attention turns to what comes next he
was elected president of the ruling
African National Congress in December by
a slim margin and will have to work to
unite his divided party he will also
have to repair the political and
economic damage suffered under Zuma and
improve the party's image after years of
allegations of corruption Somoza is a
different kind of president to anything
we've had before this is a modernist
this is somebody he's a negotiator he's
a reconciliate as well but he is a man
of a very clear determined purpose he is
stuck with Jacob Zuma for how many years
sitting by a Zuma embarrassed the
country embarrassed himself and that
going along with what had happened in
South Africa has given the impression
that Salome opposes weak I don't think
he is a trauma poseur remains tainted by
criticism over his involvement in the
Marikana killings in which police shot
and killed 35 striking miners six years
ago as a board member of one of the
largest mining companies in South Africa
at the time and I'm opposed I was
accused of being behind the government's
decision to break the strike he later
apologized saying he had stepped in to
prevent further deaths as a politician
turned businessman Ram opposed I enjoyed
the confidence of the financial sector
under Zuma unemployment froze the
currency and investor confidence
weakened and the country's credit rating
went down the an sees new leader said he
plans to create jobs and has set an
economic growth target of three percent
for this year that's more than double
the rate predicted by the International
Monetary Fund during the last election
support for the ANC fell to 62 percent
many hope the part of Nelson Mandela
will be able to reverse this trend under
the leadership of Ramapo sir
