US President Donald Trump hitting the
campaign trail again he wants to talk
about the upcoming election but the
questions keep coming back to this one
what is the u.s. going to do after Saudi
Arabia admitted to killing American
resident and Washington journalist Jamal
khashoggi the president making news
announcing US investigators are on the
case but he continued to stress the most
important thing to him investment from
Saudi Arabia even though he has grossly
inflated the actual amounts his
son-in-law and senior advisor Jared
Kushner is also talking he's staked much
of his work in the Middle East on his
close relationship with the Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman
he says ku Shoji's killing seems to be a
terrible situation but stressed other
factors are important as well once we
have all the facts then we'll make an
assessment but again I think that our
administration's made a lot of gains in
our fights against terrorism we have to
deal with the long term ideology of
extremism and Saudi Arabia is a critical
partner in that at the same time the
Trump administration setting messages of
support with this meeting a picture
tweeted out from the Saudi foreign
ministry of the US Treasury secretary
Steve minuchin meeting with the prince
in the kingdom Monday mixed messages and
a sense of hesitation from the US but
the pressure is unrelenting this has
stayed in the headlines and a member of
the royal princes security team the
Saudi Arabian officials changing their
story about the fate of Washington Post
journalist Jamal keshavjee there are
major developments also in the case I
think as long as the Saudis continue to
offer different explanations different
stories as to what happened I think the
story will continue to have legs because
there there is no concrete answers that
we're getting a relationship that will
be put to the test in a short amount of
time the president promising answers
dude but action is less certain patty :
al-jazeera Washington
