Columbia's new border controls are
making it more difficult for Venezuelans
to flee misery in their country and try
to make a living here
the controls are stricter now it's not
as easy to pass things through to sell
and if you make it through please Ben
stop you in town and take everything
almost 600,000 Venezuelans are currently
in Colombia where didn't double the
number six months ago many were left
living on the streets doing informal
jobs so Colombia announced it would stop
issuing the border crossing cards to let
them come and go freely through this
porous border former chef his espera de
has been selling juice on the streets
confused by the new rules he discovered
his border card was valid for another
year
he thinks the new measures are
understandable I think it's necessary
because we need to be sincere not
everyone that crosses is doing honest
work
I think Colombia is lending us a hand we
are going through a very hard period in
Venezuela Colombia is not rich and can't
take us all and needs to stop the
criminals the Colombian police also
added these fences in the middle of the
bridge to better control this coming and
going the over 50,000 people who cross
into Colombia on a daily basis in
addition the government has sent 3,000
more soldiers and police to jointly
patrol border areas local authorities in
the border town of cúcuta say they
migration is taking an unbearable toll
on the series social services sometimes
I hear we're closing the door to
Venezuelans but that's not true we've
issued a million-and-a-half cross border
cards and now I will offer special
residency to hundreds of thousands of
people all we're asking is to do things
orderly and legally and frankly this is
Colombia we can't absorb and give work
to millions of people were just starting
to better the conditions for our own
citizens despite the restrictions last
week President Juan Manuel Santos said
Colombians also need to be generous to
Venezuelans who in the past received
more than a million Colombians how to
best do that while also bringing some
order to this mounting influx will
a significant challenge Allison on PA t
al-jazeera cúcuta
