a muzzled media corruption in government
and a silenced opposition many
Malaysians are hoping those things are
now behind them with the ousting of
Najib Razak from the prime minister's
office four months ago
however the country's new leader
Mahathir Mohamad is no stranger to media
censorship or corruption Mahaveer has
already spent 22 years as Prime Minister
and was known for locking up political
opponents shutting down newspapers and
remoulding media legislation but that
was the old math ear allegedly this new
one has pulled a u-turn in his approach
to the media news sites shut down by
Najib are now back online and maha
--there has repealed one of the more
contentious laws passed by his
predecessor the anti fake news act but
many onlookers still wonder
understandably if this new maha theer
won't turn out the same as the old one
given that much of the system he's
talking about dismantling was built by
him the listening posts flow Phillips
now on what Mahathir Mohamad change of
tune might mean for the Malaysian media
Mahathir Mohamad the seventh Prime
Minister of Malaysia was also its fourth
in his first stint from 1981 to 2003 he
gained a reputation as an autocrat this
time rather as he vowed in his campaign
video things will be different
maja there had shown that he's not the
old man and I think he's constantly
reminded of the fact that he had this 22
years of terror he is a man of the
moment he's very popular he is now
someone who can do no wrong it is
clearly unpredictable
the wall is important is that we would
judge him by wise action not many people
start a new job or changed their
politics at age 93 matter did but he
left his own party to lead the
opposition partnering with a man that
he'd put in prison Anwar Ibrahim an idea
made freedom of expression a big part of
his election
this is the same man that the Committee
to Protect Journalists branded an enemy
of the press back in 1999 the most
notorious thing that he did was
operation Lala which happened in 1987 so
these hundred over people would take an
image and detained without trial on top
of that at least three newspapers were
suspended it instilled in society the
culture of fear over two decades in
power McAteer introduced and tightened
legislation to keep news outlets in
check there was the printing presses in
publication act which kept news outlets
on their best behavior by requiring them
to reapply for their license every year
the Official Secrets Act was broadened
in scope and used to prosecute
dissidents and journalists McAteer also
introduced the Communications and
Multimedia Act which was later used to
target the media and activists for
content published online journalist
Stephen Gannon set up an independent
news outlet in 1999 he remembers the
legal hoops and requirements he had to
go through when we thought of setting up
a an alternative you know media in
Malaysia it was difficult for us
actually a do print there's no way that
we could get a license so the internet
was our last resort we were called
traitors by Marathi our office were
raided by the police almost two dozen of
our computers were taken away and they
were not returned to us two years later
there was really an attempt to shut us
down I believe that the Prime Minister
has changed he has reformed he has
transformed we have promised that we are
going to do away with some of the loss
the
can see that in him eating press freedom
and inhibiting the freedom of expression
generally so we are now not looking back
we are looking forward the
rehabilitation of maja tears image is
the accidental legacy of the previous
Prime Minister Najib Razak a former
protege of Maha troops in 2015 Najib was
found to have been at the center of a
global corruption scandal involving the
state Development Fund one Malaysia
Development Berhad known as 1mdb under
Najib's watch the fund lost 4.5 billion
dollars through shell companies and
opaque transactions that spread across
10 countries 681 million of that
according to US prosecutors was found in
Najib's personal bank account
once the 1mdb scandal hit the headlines
Najib made use of the repressive laws
that he'd inherited and he came up with
one of his own the anti fake news Act
that whole fake news is connected to the
whole 1mdb scandal or any other
corruption cases that involves the
government so basically what they're
trying to say is that don't believe
anything that you see on the Internet
unless we say so or unless we sanction
so this whole fake news thing was
basically the last act that Najib had
put out there just before the elections
to try to scare people the government
tried to you know there are to use the
NTV News law against mahaki during the
election campaign heartier was claiming
that there was an attempt to stop him
from actually putting his nomination
papers in time and the fact that has
repealed this antivenoms law it shows
that you know the after he's taking a
step in the
right direction maha tia did away with
the ante fake news act last month but
there are other laws the Sedition Act
introduced under British colonial rule
back in 1948 still remains in effect the
definition of sedition under that law is
extremely broad and in 2015 alone Naji
abused the law in 91 times almost five
times as often as during the first 50
years of the laws existence one of the
people accused under that law was a
cartoonist zouna Zuna has always had
trouble publishing his work during Maha
Tia's previous time in office none of
the major newspapers would dare hire him
but over the last 10 years do not found
that he didn't need publishers he
self-published on social media and
highlighted the corruption of Najib and
Najib's wife Rosa whose many luxury
handbags and diamonds were a gift to
satirical cartoonists that didn't go
down well zouna was charged with
sedition nine times and banned from
leaving the country when the new
government came into power I found out
that my travel ban have been lifted he
also dropped all the sedition charges
against me
thank you very much for them but I think
this is still not enough so the
interpretation is very very big and
anybody can be victim of it you draw a
cartoon solution somebody write
something solution if you do some speech
seditious what the government needs to
do is to abolish the Sedition Acts in
the months after the election Malaysia
and McAteer experienced a sort of
honeymoon period they came together to
oppose Naji whose trial date has been
set with full media access
despite Najib's request for a gag order
however marked his campaign promised to
review all repressive media regulation
remains unfulfilled and in August
McAteer announced that the Official
Secrets Act is here to stay there are
the things that he needs to do in order
to redeem himself he needs to bring back
to the independence of the judiciary so
that we have a real democracy the
judiciary has been emasculated and it
was done by him in those days it would
be a real test of his sincerity to to
give it back its independence I think
he's redeeming himself he has allowed
people to debate on so many issues and
you can see columns and articles written
questioning him insulting him or
criticizing him and we haven't seen
anyone you know complaining that he's
been told to snippet as if up so far not
yet
this is Madea I portray him like a
crocodile he destroy every institution
is Malaysia so blessing people they have
to play a very active role now to
strengthen the institution you shall
understand before mother is a dictator
and we don't change the data and the
data doesn't change
