hi I'm Sony okay and I'm Willie could be
loud today a stream update on a story
we've covered extensively here and
across the al-jazeera and network the
revenger crisis the United Nations is
confronting several issues at once the
suspected continual violence by the
Myanmar military the arrests of
journalists covering the story and the
abundant problems facing refugees in
neighboring Bangladesh as always tweet
us your comments or if you're watching
live on youtube take parts in the chat
and you too could be in the stream
Rowlands I'm the author of city of
thorns about life and about refugee camp
and I'm industry the UN is sounding the
alarm about another potential crisis
facing Myanmar through hinder refugees
the March monsoon season since August
around six hundred and seventy thousand
reinjure have fled their homes in
Myanmar to Bangladesh in an effort to
escape the violence against them this
month alone more than 1,500 refugees
have fled across the border and
thousands more are expected now the UN
estimates 107 thousand refugees are
living in areas of Bangladesh prone to
flooding or landslides and joining us to
talk about this in Dhaka Bangladesh
journalist tanveer Chaudhary in
Frankfurt Germany row nee-san Lewin
Nehru Hanja activist and blogger in New
York Katherine Mahoney she's a senior
spokesperson with the United Nations
High Commissioner for Refugees and here
in our studio Matt wells he's a senior
crisis advisor with Amnesty
International welcome everyone to this
dream I want to start with a member of
our community this is Priya an
international lawyer who tweeted in this
about the upcoming monsoon season
multiple accounts have painted a very
dire picture of the camps already these
are the camps in Bangladesh with the
onset of the monsoon there will be
greater risk of waterborne disease and
epidemics mudslides logistical
difficulties with food and essential
provisions and that's just to name a few
grave concerns
Tanveer what a preparations look like
for the upcoming season well the UN
agencies are saying that up to 100,000
people are vulnerable under this
condition now
al Jazeera reported from Cox Bazar
around September and October last year
when it was a monsoon season and I
myself have been in knee-deep water
watching women with their babies in the
muddy sweaty water you know in the rain
with their kids exposed to weather 24
hours now under the very poor condition
congested about 500,000 refugees living
in an area between kuttappa Lange and
Baloo Cali that's just two of the areas
and the infrastructures are very poor
during rainy seasons a lot of people has
to walk down to the camp to get their
foods the shelters are basic bamboo
poles with tarpaulin made out of plastic
now some UN tanks are weatherproof and
much better condition but that's grossly
inadequate aside from that that area
geologically is located near Bay of
Bengal and prone to a heavy monsoon
cyclone in the Bay of Bengal and during
the cyclone season these people are not
really protected and the winds will blow
away most of this chance so considering
all those situation there needs to be
much more robust activity there
considering the UN say that the funding
is getting dried out you have they need
more fun for food as well other
infrastructures donors are reluctant to
give in more fun so this is a very
impending and multi-dimensional problem
down the road
Catherine you know monsoon season is
coming how are you preparing how the
refugees getting ready yeah I couldn't
agree more this truly is a race against
time to prevent a crisis for people who
have quite simply already suffered
enough cudapah lung is currently the
world's largest refugee camp so imagine
people living an incredibly precarious
situation it's overcrowded the risks for
public health problems are rife as
you've mentioned we do estimate that a
hundred thousand people living in this
camp
are in areas that are prone to
landslides and flooding this we're
talking about about a third of the
settlement which could flood so
currently the government of Bangladesh
is leading this massive humanity
and emergency preparedness effort we're
in the process of working with the
government and all of the humanitarian
partners to move tens of thousands of
people out of flood prone areas we're
working with to provide sandbags to
prevent flooding we're trying to
negotiate access to new land to move
people to places that are safer
we're also desperately concerned that
the efforts that we've already put in
place to provide humanitarian aid could
also be swept away in this human in this
monsoon season so really this is a
massive effort that's underway and it
has massive needs and everybody is truly
rallying together to make the situation
better but it is it is a huge problem
you know there are members of our
community who are linking the upcoming
monsoon monsoon season with things that
are even worse this is protect the
Rehema that's their handle they write in
that their legal team took statements
from over 60 Roja refugees in Bangladesh
last December asking them about their
challenges they talked about everything
from access to education and labor to
medical and food they go on to say
though the impending monsoon sounds far
safer than impinging repatriation to
Myanmar
where the military can continue its
campaign of starvation rape and mass
murder against the reh√©n gen this is in
the words of this person who tweeted in
but Matt when we talk about impending
repatriation where are we with that
program and when I think talk of
repatriation is really premature
repatriation needs to be rooted in the
principles of being safe and voluntary
and dignified and the reality is right
now that the abuse is being committed by
the Myanmar military have yet to even
stop as we reported last week they are
in effect starving out the remaining
Ranga population in northern makind
state they have blocked access so people
can't go out to the rice fields in order
to harvest rice they have burned markets
or blocked access to other markets they
have with along with vigilantes they
have looted Roe honja cattle buffaloes
cows basically all of the real wealth
has been taken away and it's been made
impossible even to go out to harvest
rice fields and so the result has been
now you know growing food insecurity and
people
consistently telling me in recent weeks
when I was in Bangladesh that they are
arriving now in Bangladesh because they
have been driven to the point of
starvation and so at this time and
particularly in the aftermath of what
was a horrific campaign of violence
involving widespread killings widespread
sexual violence against Troy Hendrie
women and girls and a targeted burning
of renji villages we need to address
these issues first and a culture of
impunity that is allowed than me and
more military to get away with this as
well as the the underlying conditions
that we say amount to apartheid in terms
of the long-standing denial of the
ability to move around freely
to access education to access health
care this is a population that has been
systematically persecuted and
discriminated against for years and
those issues have to be addressed before
we can talk about the ability to safely
return people to northern makind state
they these are stories that you tell in
your blogging in your activism and your
research that you're doing I want to
show you something on my laptop here
this comes from the Myanmar government
from their Facebook page and it's always
difficult for us here in outer zero to
get a government perspective so we went
to their Facebook page to see what they
had to say the Myanmar government will
not deny any human rights violations and
will investigate if there is strong
evidence and if there are human rights
violations after an investigation
prosecutors will take actions according
to the law now what do you make of that
just what they always say
but recently if you see the story of The
Associated Press that they have exposed
the five mask rape in Kedah be a
marriage in booty doll I spoke with the
manager from the Buddha bian terror tale
as some villager some rosenkavalier are
living inside the village they know
where are the masks rape are and also I
have posted a five video on my Facebook
and the Twitter as well so the
government you know simply the dismiss
the truth and also they have been doing
this since 2016 we have a spoke many
story you know many
evidence but they simply dismiss as a
fake news and you know they even
attacked me personally on their state
media television and their state
newspaper and they call me that I am
posting their all the fake news and even
they they dismiss all the rape this are
the fake raid yesterday the interview
with the professor Haley with the
channel she also said you know they are
dismissing everything like you know
there is no revenge' there is no any
atrocity against the Ranger people and
also there is no ring this is they will
never admit that they are committing the
crime against this religious population
since 1978 they will never admit that
they are committing the this you know
site you know since the past 40 years so
channel 4 is a British news network or
British channel in the United Kingdom
let me just share this with you again
from the mere my information committee
the ground team went to the locations
that were mentioned in the AP news story
as where the bodies were buried and
found out that it is not true nay so
that's what you were saying there again
they you say something and they say well
the government visiting the page I was
on the phone with the villager you know
they didn't go to the place where the
mass grave are they just go into the
village and they came there that they
didn't find any buzz great day when I
bring in another member and and I hear
what you're saying there they I want to
bring in another member of the render
community have Ebola is in the u.s. he's
a member of the Erica Andra Hanja
National Organization and this is what
he told this dream about repatriation
efforts there is a no change of attitude
of the Myanmar government and the
military towards the Rangers still they
identify Rangers as beggarly interloper
from all others
and you see Rohingyas
continue entering into Bangladesh due to
continuing violence and brutality
against them in our account and just
it'll be worse just simply moving
refugee camp from Bangladesh to another
camp in northern I can state the
Catharine he doesn't think that it's
possible what's is what's the UNHCR
position on what conditions are like
what repatriation absolutely I couldn't
agree more with what everybody is saying
we are hearing nothing but appalling
reports of violence harrowing accounts
of individuals witnessing the murders of
their husbands their wives their
children's people are fleeing villages
that are have essentially been razed to
the ground under no circumstances do we
believe that conditions are conducive to
return at this stage and for us we
believe that the solutions to this
crisis for a crisis of 700 thousand
people have fled the border and for many
hundred thousands more inside Myanmar
the solutions to this crisis lie inside
Myanmar until we have a guarantee that
there is peace and security and one that
is sustainable
we cannot advocate for the return even a
voluntary one for people to return to
Myanmar the conditions simply are not
conducive we cannot guarantee peace and
security and until the root causes of
this crisis are addressed we're not
gonna have a solution tell me how do you
get a situation like this may I here
just give me one moment I just want to
check in with tanveer for a moment have
this headline here Bangladesh agrees to
let UN oversee repatriation of a Hindu
refugees to Myanmar how do you get that
situation but we're hearing nee and
Catherine talking about how it is so
dangerous for the refugees to go back
home why do you badly just say let's do
this just few days ago the that the
foreign minister said that they have an
agreement with the UN now to monitor
this and he couldn't go into detail
exactly on want to plan on what capacity
rather now we know under the agreement
the myanmar has never agreed for you and
producer
fashion in the process and what other
guests said is exactly true we still
have range refugees crossing into
Bangladesh just on February 10th and the
week before that approximately over 200
people crossed into Bangladesh and
they've been narrating a very similar
stories what the other refugees have
said that they're still atrocities been
going they've been threatened houses
been burned so under this condition the
international community can very visibly
see the situation is definitely not
conducive for any any victims to go into
that place and expect some sort of
confidence to live there without some
sort of international guarantee despite
what Bangladesh and Myanmar saying to
defuse diplomatic tension and to get
benefit of doubt to create a
understanding and defuse the tension so
that there is a bilateral communication
going on which is a good step but it's
definitely not a time with the reindeer
refuge it should be able to go back to
Rakhine State without some sort of
guarantee and not a hero ten beers
saying there about this being about
diffusing diplomatic tensions or someone
online who would agree this is via
YouTube live Richy bull says now no one
knows when they will get back to their
home country without any recognition of
citizenship from the Myanmar government
an issue we've covered here on the
stream and he goes on to say the
Bangladesh government should have agreed
on a specific timeline to send the reh√©n
jaw back was there a timeline and where
did it go wrong I mean in various times
there has been the governments have have
put forth a timeline for us the the idea
of a specific timeline is actually
problematic and that then returns might
not be guy lied and might not be rooted
in the principles of being safe and
voluntary that's ultimately what we need
to ensure and so if you set a hard time
line and say they have to go back by
this point and it's still not safe in
northern makind state does all of you
know my fellow panelists have pointed
out then they shouldn't be returned it
again it has to be rooted in being safe
and voluntary and and I think 10 view no
raises an important point with while the
Bangladeshi government has it you know
talked about the involvement of the UN
the Myanmar government is still you know
not indicated that it will allow that
the type of involvement from the UN that
we need to see
and at the same time it is still you
know severely restricting aid access in
northern makind state it's limiting the
ability of humanitarian actors there to
get assistance to the RO Hendra who are
still there who desperately need it it's
also severely restricting the ability of
independent investigators to go to
northern foci and state and to document
the types of atrocities that have
happened oh I want to share this with
you this with our audience really this
was something that you tweeted out
recently and you're talking about this
new amnesty briefing document you were
involved in putting it together you just
back from from the region two weeks ago
and you say here the military has
staffed this to the Myanmar military has
starved abducted and robbed from the
rich injure who remained in lawful
Rakhine State give us one story tell us
one story because we hear so much about
the atrocities one that we're never
gonna forget yeah you know I mean I took
so many and they are each so devastating
because these are people who know one
man for example you know he he stayed as
part of his village was burned
he stayed as members of his family were
killed
he stayed as the market in his village
was torched by me and my soldiers he
stayed as all of his livestock and the
livestock of other Mahendra and his
village were taken away by the military
and by other ethnic groups an area what
he couldn't ultimately stay you know
after was when the military then stopped
him from going to his rice fields and it
got to a situation where he couldn't get
enough food for himself for his family
he saw that his young children were in
effect starving because of what the
military was continuing to do the fact
they're continuing to squeeze the rental
population more than five months into
this campaign and so ultimately that
what's forced him and other people who
recently arrived to Bangladesh to leave
from one town to another you know they
cannot travel from booty down to mound
of bondo to retiro so last Sunday early
morning I watched the
I watch them yeah I watch the video life
you know the 130 family living from the
foodie dog they are really starving they
cannot move from the their village their
village is like a you know the prison
cell like August they cannot go out from
the village before August they can go at
least go to the go out there barrage
with the special permission from their
authority and they can get the food but
no they cannot get the no I we can't
wrap up this conversation without
talking about an explosive expose by
Reuters about a massacre in a range of
village because I was asking you give us
the example so we can connect the story
and that story that Reuters did
ninety-two of the organisation's
journalists in jail while loan and
chiusa who were investigating the
killings of a Hindu Muslims in northern
reclined state now the journalists
reported that 10 people all of the men
have been shot and then hacked to death
by group that included their Buddhist
neighbors and Myanmar soldiers the
Myanmar bureau chief of Reuters told the
stream a little bit earlier today that
the organization stands behind the story
and those two journalists the story also
highlights the importance of high
quality in-depth reporting that so badly
needed in Myanmar as it goes through its
democratic transition both Willona and
Cho so apart from being fantastic
reporters are also great husbands great
sons great friends and they we are in
touch with them when they come out to
the courts for the almost weekly
hearings and we know that they very
strongly supported the decision to
publish the story the we they were in
the courtroom this week they will be
back in court next week as well and we
expect
the judicial process to take some time
and that's why we very you know we
appreciate any expressions of interest
and encouragement and support as the
reporters spend their time behind bars
dounia's now from Yangon Myanmar we have
Murat K through he's a senior reporter
with frontier me Emma would it be fair
to say that you report and you do
stories that are probably more
sympathetic to the Miramar
administration Myanmar government right
now the situation is all the mo
journalists are worrying about the
atrium young women nationalists who are
coming to you know native country of the
workers or journalists because you know
most people trust on media going down
especially on the national media and
even on local media recurrent on the
rulings are reporting most of the people
are angry on on the you know reporting
about the Rakhine State because you know
international media and the local media
was you know some media of you know very
of cool or military and you know the
cool government like that you offer the
rightful story come up most people who
were not or to nationalist became very
angry and aggressive after the nation
the writers reporting you know it's not
only on Reuters reporters and the
information and media it's all to only
old anemic journalists at work yeah if
trust in media is going down this could
be one reason we got via video comment
this is a local newspaper editor in
Yangon and this is what he told the
stream we need to be assembling
carefully before we write anything
before we publish anything we must be
and follow the the government statement
a military information and
internationalisation we're gonna do that
much about the price of the aero engine
or wind early because they we can go
there by ourself
plus the
the addition there's very very
complicated so Matt he talks about some
of the challenges facing reporters like
him you of course couldn't actually go
in to see the camps yourself you were
using satellite imagery is that correct
can you talk about some of those
challenges so we have that access
throughout of course to the to the pop
that many people who are in Bangladesh
and so have frequently interviewed the
many who have fled across into into
Bangladesh and we've supported that with
satellite imagery to see again the very
targeted systemic nature of the
military's burn and you see in some of
these villages that are mixed that have
a retention and non-retention population
where within you know five ten meters
apart you have the entire Mahendra's
area completely burned to the ground
every last structure and the non-revenue
area is completely intact
and we've interviewed people from those
villages who described where they live
and the non-retention population lives
and it lines up it corroborates in terms
of who did this the Myanmar military and
to whom the retention population in
these villages and so I think you know
our reporting when you look at what
Reuters was able to do with this Indian
report it's incredibly thorough and it's
not just testimony from victims from
witnesses but also from the perpetrators
of the specific incident and it lines up
with what we've reported with what Human
Rights Watch has reported with what
journalists you know from the most
respected media outlets in the world
have reported again and again and again
that this has been a systematic campaign
led by the Myanmar military against the
revenge of civilian population across
northern Afghanistan I have a headline
here it's from the New York Times it
says well the real injure ever returned
home I'm just gonna scoot down here you
gave us a very different perspective
from inside Myanmar as to how they feel
the world is reporting about you do you
want through hinder who an outside of
Myanmar do you want them to come back
home yeah exactly
but it's all will be going out of the
room terms and conditions LP in Yemen
government you know that although got
into the Bangladesh and you know
government have already agreed you know
I agree to come back yeah okay all right
thank you to I guess for this update on
a very complicated long-running story
thank you
that tanveer nae rat for joining us and
also catherine as well of course this
story we will continue to cover it at al
jazeera calm and you can find Malika and
I online at hashtag AJ stream just
taking you in from Anita house this
story going down online I will interpret
this tweet from Andrew who is from
Reuters and links to a petition that you
can sign to help get those reporters
released thanks for watching everybody
again
