that she had been asking for a four
minute shower as opposed to two minutes
her quests have been accepted on
condition of sexual favors he had also
tied the rope around his neck and
attempted to way down the road he then
said do I have to kill myself to go to
Australia the words are from trauma
incident reports written by people
working with refugees the pictures and
sculptures are by artists imagining or
interpreting what's described Gard
stated do not sit in front of me I don't
want to see you and kick the chair at a
Sydney gallery artistic license is
applied to a world deliberately hidden
from view we want to make the invisible
visible this policy has been so
successful because it's been out of
sight out of mind
and these thought we hope that by
bringing inventory to these stories
people won't be able to forget so easily
they will have to start to pay attention
the policy in question is Australia's
towards refugees since 2013 the
government has been deporting refugees
who try to reach its shores by boat to
to tiny Pacific Islands Nauru and Manus
are really these dark black holes where
it's very difficult to get information
about conditions it's very hard to
independently know what has gone off
hundreds of refugees have been held on
no room for almost five years told
they'll never leave many suffer mental
health issues others have been abused by
guards locals or each other in 2016 a
cache of documents detailing such
incidents was leaked by former worker
the curators here asked artists to
choose one file each to illustrate one
of the case workers on a bus in the
morning and noticed that one of the
children had sewn a heart into his hand
with a needle and thread
she asked him why he'd done that and he
said I don't know I just found that it
was a very simple incident but very
graphic very confronting some pieces are
literal a picture of exactly what's
described other works are much more
abstract there are 33 works on show at
this sydney gallery but overall the
so-called in the
files described more than 2000 incidents
what's on display here then is just a
start of a much more ambitious project
the curators have posted online the text
of all the more than 2,000 reports
they're encouraging people to read them
and submit their own work the ultimate
aim is for every incident to be
Illustrated not necessarily by
professionals like those who did these
but by a mass artistic movement Andrew
Thomas al Jazeera Sydney
