displacement is a cold world a life
where the only warmth is the smile of
your last surviving child when I the
smiles wife and two other children were
killed in a us-led coalition airstrike
in 2004 his house in Ramadi turned to
rubble
now Hibernia camp is the inhospitable
hosts of these unwilling guests these
are the people the US Secretary of State
told a conference of the anti-isil
coalition not to forget Ruiz managed to
work together to achieve a military goal
defeating ISIL on the battlefield but
now that that phase is over comes
perhaps an even more challenging one how
do you keep an international coalition
together in achieving the next three key
objectives reconstruction on land
recaptured from ISIL political
inclusiveness and security but who will
stop isil's return and provide security
America's top diplomat says ground
forces are crucial but his own troops
have already started to withdraw from
Iraq and in Syria
Washington has mainly relied on Kurdish
forces to fight ISIL forces Turkey is
fighting Ankara views them as simply
another terrorist group that can't be
allowed to fill the vacuum we have seen
some very serious mistakes and
wrongdoing from our ally the United
States our relations are at a very
critical juncture we will either mend
our relations or they will break apart
completely
a silent wasteland of destruction is
nonetheless the subject of a noisy
argument over who protects it both
Tillerson and iraq's prime minister are
urging attendees as a reconstruction
conference to help Iraq rebuild the war
is over with the battle for
reconstruction has just begun and our
invitation to invest in Iraq is a real
invitation but who will come up with the
100 billion dollars a body says is
needed Tillison
maybe urging the private sector to
commit its cash but his president was
busy describing money spent in the
Middle East as a waste as of a couple of
months ago seven trillion dollars in the
Middle East and the Middle East is far
worse now there were 17 years ago when
they went in the children of habbaniyah
camp know what far worse looks like all
they want is to go home and a real shot
at a peaceful future
