the plight of the ring is highlighted in
this exhibition on Capitol Hill a
roundtable discussion on the crisis is
joined by some of the senators who are
adamant that the time has come for
military leaders to be held accountable
for the well documented abuse suffer
hinga in Rakhine State
I hope this exhibit right here on
Capitol Hill will help bring to the
American people the need
the urgency for us to help
there are Hingham Muslims and to prevent
in the future atrocities in our
community we should speak out as a world
a civilized world against the Myanmar
policies that have led to this
persecution this discrimination and this
expulsion of these people from Myanmar
and the demand that the White House take
a public position on what is happening
in Myanmar I want to see the President
of the United States take a fierce stand
about this ethnic cleansing about this
genocide we have not had one word not
one word from the Oval Office
not one word of leadership against this
horrific horrific crime against humanity
on Tuesday Donald Trump's ambassador to
the UN did speak on the issue but
pointed the finger of blame at others
for not holding Myanmar to account
unfortunately the Security Council has
so far failed in its responsibility to
act in response to the clear threat to
international peace and security that
has resulted from recent events in
northern makind state we cannot look the
other way in this situation while there
may be little action at the UN the US
Senate is likely to lead the way with
the full vote in coming days and
targeted sanctions appear certain
against those military leaders
responsible for these crimes Mike Hanna
al Jazeera Washington
