tray soon she'll might be the most
disliked public figure in South Korea at
the moment many say she deserves the 20
year prison sentence and the more than
16 million dollar fine
she's been ordered to pay to be honest
she was convicted of more charges than I
expected and the sentence is also
heavier than I predicted this made me
think that the court was taking this
very seriously
prosecutors say Choi's coercion bribery
and abuse of power led to the
impeachment and removal of her friend
and former president Park geun-hye she
was convicted of pressuring companies
including Samsung to donate millions of
dollars to foundations she controls Choi
says this is political revenge she's
being framed and treated unfairly given
the sustained outrage this case is
generating some wonder if the bias
against her stopped her from getting a
fair trial trey is now the face of
corruption between the political and
business establishments the case has
transfixed South Koreans on Tuesday
prior to her verdict Choi's name was
trending on the country's biggest online
search engine everybody's been watching
this it's got a kind of soap opera OJ
Simpson kind of quality to it this whole
trial right people have really obsessed
about it after the verdict was announced
there was fighting and screaming among
pok supporters outside the courtroom
they've been monitoring the trial a
verdict in PAC's case is expected soon
I'm here because choice court ruling
will influence parks case significantly
this is the biggest political scandal in
South Korean history the first time a
president was impeached and removed from
office analysts say there is too much
power concentrated in the presidency and
history will repeat itself if the
political system isn't reformed
impeachment happen because of tray and
because of impeachment pose impeachment
politics have become unstable and we
haven't seen normal political procedures
I think tray should be responsible
admit her wrongdoing in apologize to the
people that's more important in now many
years she will spin in prison trave
remains defiant and has not apologized
but many believe the courts lengthy
sentence since a warning to others and a
message to the people that their outrage
has been heard Natasha guy named Al
Jazeera soul
