everybody's named a frantic buzz of
activity moments before the Big Show
this collection is all about ultra chic
and comfortable travel garments from the
Colombian born designer Edwin D'Angelo
New Year Fashion Week it's a very
important platform for myself and for
emerging designers like myself because
he offers an opportunity of excitement
where everybody wants to come to a Shell
verybody wants to be part of this week
while emerging designers like D'Angelo
still flock to New York's Fashion Week
some of the biggest design houses like
Rodarte cleanses schooler Ulta SATA and
Tom Brown are skipping it this year the
fashion industry is in turmoil the way
people buy their clothes is changing
fast and fashion week in New York has
become less important to the high-end
brands as they focus on European buyers
and big shows in Europe Milan London and
primarily Paris Paris is the creme de la
creme of Fashion Week's it's where
Chanel and Christian Dior and these
brands that Louvre eat all that we know
is real luxury brands show it's
incredibly competitive and it's also a
matter of money runway shows can cost
anywhere from a hundred thousand dollars
in upwards to a million dollars and even
some of the biggest names in fashion
don't want to spend that much money
brands are starting to look for
different ways that they can introduce
their apparel their products to
consumers without the costly and
sometimes really ineffective ways it
used to be fashion label rag-and-bone
gave up on a New York Fashion Week
runway show and instead got creative
they introduced their new collection in
this video to reach more customers and
drum up excitement it certainly doesn't
mean Fashion Week is dead far from it
there wasn't an empty seat at the
Angelou show it just means with some of
the biggest names not here some of the
little guys get more of the spotlight
Kiros Ando al Jazeera New York
