over the better part of a century it had
been a central campaign promise
in February 2008 three months after
being elected Australia's new Prime
Minister apologized for decades of
institutional racism and abuse as Prime
Minister of Australia I am sorry
on behalf of the government of Australia
I am sorry
on behalf of the Parliament of Australia
I am sorry
how did you feel giving that speech ten
years ago I felt as if I had a
responsibility and the responsibility
was to begin to set rights the wrongs
who had administered to Indigenous
Australians for the previous two hundred
years or more watched by Australians
across the country Rudd was specifically
saying sorry to the Stolen Generations
tens of thousands of people who as
children have been forcibly removed from
their families to bring them up often
institutions as part of white Australia
instead you talked in that speech about
a new chapter a new beginning a new
start
has it been yes and the reason it has
been is that you can't begin a new
relationship with somebody which has
been breached and ruptured
unless you've apologized that's the
first step but the second step is a more
practical one what do you then do to
make restitution for the things that
have been done wrong and that's what our
national programme of closing the gap
between the lives of indigenous and
non-indigenous Australians over the last
ten years has been about the initiative
also launched in 2008 was to close the
gaps in education employment health and
life expectancy between Indigenous
Australians and everybody else but
targets kept being missed and still are
being missed
and Monday Australia's current prime
minister they're just three of seven
targets are on track as the night what
would the Kevin Rudd of 2008 make of
progress or lack of progress on those
closing the gap targets I would answer
that impossible question by saying that
I am pleased that we've made real
progress and equally brutally
realistic about where further progress
must be made so when I see changes in
the number of indigenous babies who
survive rather than die when I see real
changes in the number of indigenous
four-year-olds who can now go to
preschool and real changes in terms of
the number of indigenous kids finishing
high school I say we're beginning to
turn the corner but it is like turning
the Queen Mary around it takes time and
just three of the seven targets that
were laid out of being met is that
disappointing to you I would like of
course to be on track for all seven but
the bottom line is in all seven the
trend is up and not down in three we're
on target to achieve the objectives we
set and they were ambitious objectives
I'd be more worried if the performance
was further down you can choose one of
either of two courses in history one is
to reconcile the second is to simply
sweep it all under a very uncomfortable
and untidy carpet which is what many
countries have done Mr Rudd insists
Indigenous Australians are better off
today because of his apology a decade
ago Andrew Thomas al-jazeera
Canberra
