in a state of the union style speech
Iran's president listed the government's
successes rouhani focused mostly on
domestic issues speaking about things
like economic growth what Iran is doing
to address the impact of climate change
and Iran's ability to manufacture
military hardware like tanks and
anti-aircraft missile defense systems
all part of a successful effort he said
to have security independence and a
larger role in the region God's our
legal woes act in the course of the last
year we overcame terrorism we achieved
great victories over ISIL in the region
our help to the people of Iraq and Syria
fruited good results and the people of
the region got rid of evil terrorists
indirectly addressing recent protests by
opposition groups rouhani acknowledged
shortcomings saying the government must
do more to resolve what he described as
a backlog of economic issues sure the
government needs to be more transparent
and we need to resolve banking issues
address taxation and budgeting and
correct the economic structure of the
country for the hundreds of thousands of
Iranians who joined celebratory rallies
39 years later the Islamic Revolution is
a continuing way of life
rouhani told the crowds that they were
the most important part of ensuring the
success of the Islamic form of
government in Iran elections are the
biggest part of protecting the Islamic
Revolution people voting in their
leaders in parliamentary and
presidential elections but when someone
is elected the opposition and the youth
elite should respect the choice of the
people instead of chanting slogans go to
the ballot box as he often does the
Iranian president extolled the virtues
of dialogue over conflict
he said the lasting solution to
region-wide problems is political
settlement and as far as internal
conflict rouhani said Iranians should
not hold grudges rouhani said victory in
the 1979 revolution was like a train
with many passengers some stayed on some
got off now he said was the time to
bring everyone back
the train again Zhen Basra via al
Jazeera tetra
