the Antonov 1 for 8 with 71 people on
board came down 5 minutes after takeoff
in appalling weather conditions in open
ground near the village of Argonne over
80 kilometers east of Moscow rescue
teams were unable to reach the crash
site by Road and walk to the scene on
foot I saw an explosion on the ground
and I called emergency services they
asked me many questions I told them
there was a fire it was very visible the
short fall Saratov Airlines jet took off
from Moscow's Domodedovo Airport early
on Sunday afternoon enroute to the city
of ask in the Urals most of the 65
passengers on board were from the region
the airliner went off radar minutes
after taking off debris was scattered
over a wide area emergency services said
there were no survivors
Russian Airlines has suffered two major
crashes in recent years in December 2016
a tu-154 military aircraft crashed into
the Black Sea with the loss of 92 people
the disaster was blamed on pilot error
in October a Russian Airbus crashed in
Sinai
there were 224 people on board Islamic
state said it had placed the bomb on
board at the airport at ask family and
friends of those on board the flight
began to gather to wait for news with
little hope that anyone had survived
the Russian Transport Ministry says
several causes for the crash are being
considered including pilot error and bad
weather conditions
Peter sharp al Jazeera
