taking over from a man she calls a
political Giants Mary Lou McDonald pay
tribute to Jerry Adams who became shin
famed president when she was a teenager
and he was instrumental in northern
islands peace process that led to the
Good Friday Agreement two decades ago
for a generation or more and when others
said it was impossible
Jerry and Martin McGuinness along with
John Hume and others bravely walked the
path to peace MacDonald and Adams have
been involved in talks on reconvening
Northern Ireland's devolved government
which broke down a year ago Shin feign
which shared power with the unionist DUP
wants movement on issues such as Irish
language rights like MacDonald the
party's new deputy leader Michelle
O'Neill represents a younger generation
of activists hoping to get Shin Fein
into government on both sides of the
border this conference represents not
just a handover of power but a move
towards a more modernized party by shin
Fane
it comes at a time when there are real
challenges for it's both in Northern
Ireland and here in the Irish Republic
how do we become the party that is seen
by those people who are in full-time
employment and average wages those
people of part-time appointments and
poor wages and also the unemployed how
do we present ourselves as the champion
of their needs and their interests the
parties also been hit by resignations
over alleged bullying and MacDonald says
she's listening to complaints here in
the south
she's also backing a change in the law
to allow abortion ahead of an Irish
referendum later this year but Shin
feigns long-held aim of a referendum on
uniting the island of Ireland remained
some way off nadine barber al jazeera
Dublin
