after a dramatic trial a British
football coach has been convicted of
multiple charges of raping and abusing
young players his name is Barry Bernal
al Jazeera investigates why one of the
worst scandals to hit the game was
ignored for decades we find new evidence
on how silence from clubs protected
banal and here immediately this is a
cover-up and I said you're a lying
bastard previously unseen police video
shows how Bernal groomed potential
victims we reveal new evidence about
four of burnell's players who've died
including Gary Speed who killed himself
in 2011 and the tape exclusive to Al
Jazeera of banal talking about his
deadly abuse to me that's what I'm
noticing
in February 2006 mark Hazeldine drove
the short distance from his home to
Manchester Airport in booked in at the
Radisson tolsey people at the hotel
it was wanting to get away for a few
days to sort his head out those were his
words it was at the end of his tether
mark was 36 from childhood he had one
burning ambition I was going to play
football and he was going to buy me a
little cottage in the ward when he was
famous I used to sing him silly songs
and that was one of them in that cottage
in the wood a little old man at the
window stood so I were a bit running by
knocking up the door absolutely
football craze having been a small child
aged 12 the dream was on track playing
for Barry Bunnell parents and boys
revered bunnell as a star maker because
he ran feeder teams for the world-famous
Manchester City
bunnell invited mark on a footballing
trip to Spain coupla days before they
were due to go I just found out there
was only mark going and mark was so keen
to go I have flown to the moon Dybbuk
thought he could have played football on
it he went on holiday and came back a
totally different
Matt was my best friend I was best man
at his wedding
we're just inseparable really from day
one it was never a bully and then
obviously he's come back off holiday and
he's got quite aggressive chase he just
totally changed like a flick of a switch
overnight as he grew older Marc turned
to drink used drugs and had violent
outbursts of temper did you ever think
there's something dark and troubled
inside him yeah it crossed my mind a few
times but I couldn't quite put my finger
on what the problem was I always thought
is because he didn't quite make it as a
footballer Marc joined Burnley but a
knee injury quickly ended his playing
days by 2006 personally and
professionally he was struggling while I
was getting up for work one Saturday
morning and the phone went and it was
Mark's wife staff went into the room to
check the bar and he was sort of on his
knees he ducks have committed suicide
they don't himself
for a decade their grief was compounded
by not knowing why mark killed himself
until November 2016 that day I saw it go
across the screen
berry Bunnell is arrested it came right
in my head
straightaway look mark went away with
him and had something happened I just I
just collapsed
my whole whole being just
so what do you believe now I believe
mark was probably repeatedly abused and
so many years later he's not been able
to deal with him don't worry he's done
it's been 11 years of hell I've not
known why Matt committed suicide this
help makers give me a closure I'd rather
not know that that happened to him
for myself but if it did happen and
people are suffering it so it's about
holding Pennell accountable yeah he's
done it's holding not only Brunel I am
angry at these people in the clubs I am
so angry at them for letting that go on
well the scams of abuse and footballers
equational abuse in football the scandal
has snow latest development that shocked
the sport the face of a self-confessed
monster former crew player Andy Woodward
was the first to speak out and the
Woodward has unblocked a Down biggest
secret in football several former
players have come forward the England
player Paul Stewart Manchester City in
England striker David why Chelsea is the
latest Football Club to open an
investigation is the FA willing to look
this issue in the eye twenty years ago
documentary maker Debra Davies uncovered
horrifying stories of abuse of football
there were so many warnings as far as I
can tell none of them will follow
through twenty years ago I was a
reporter on a film about Barry bonel a
story no one else covered at that time
bunnell was in jail in Florida in 1994
he took young amateur teams from Britain
on tour to America and raped a 13-year
old player
we obtained the court file including the
boys statement he turned me over and
pulled me pants down put his penis in my
backside they hurt you like it happened
to two or three times the Nels
individual case suggested something much
bigger a fundamental failure across
football to protect young players that's
exactly what's now been exposed so this
is a road I've traveled before but maybe
much too early most victims weren't
ready to speak then research now shows
men abused as children usually don't
reveal it until their forties burnell's
hunting ground was the peak district
east of Manchester his power sprang from
his personal charisma and dazzling
football skills
that's a young person he was obsessed
with football you'd see who's bring you
along as a player it was like a magician
but this magnificent seven in particular
was a trick where he went right around
the body without dropping the wall
I was mesmerized that somebody could do
this at the flash card flash gear
magnetic effect silly guy Barry was
always telling here how famous he was
gonna make you he can offer the Biggles
plenty of money that's how he presented
hello my name is Barry Bernal
I am Manchester City's Northwest
representative scout this was a amazing
opportunity a professional Club in
Manchester City to try and reach that
goal so this was a really big day fee
this was like professional dreams true
that was a very proud moment moment out
over there Bandon was on that picture
but mother who's there as caught him off
in 1984 aged 14 Gary signed a commitment
to Manchester City big clubs didn't have
their own youth sides then instead
they're authorized scouts like bunnell
grin amateur teams from which they
picked the best those bonel called
special had to show their dedication by
staying at his house before matches
they'd like to go down perhaps be three
or four boys then the duvet cook would
come out while we were sat in lounge and
I now know it would leave the testing
ground to see what I could get away with
its able to talk to you in the handle
that be done that you Chucky buttons
into your pants
when I contacted Gary Cliff 20 years ago
he wouldn't speak to me he told only his
wife and close family that from age 11
he endured four years of abuse from
indecent assault to attempted rape Gary
also witnessed younger boys being
groomed to replace him it's something
that over-the-air felt in men it's sort
of guilt that's an older boy should you
have said something simply did enough
that worse nobody spoke about it we kept
the secret do you know why you kept the
secret I mean you seem to have all have
been locked into this kind of wall of
silence you feel complicit once you've
gone along you think you've gone along
with it once twice it goes on it goes on
and on and on and you feel complicit in
it bunnell had open access to city's
famous Stadium at Maine Road he even
used the players entrance what's never
been revealed before is the boys were
abused inside the ground there was only
that's the grounds wing at the other end
dude a bit grass-cutting in whatever we
went after the pitch the Sun was shining
and expired his opportunity to taking
this home bathe him we stretched out in
our track suits and the abused was on
the pitch you abused on the main man
city pit yeah
in the original film senior city figures
admitted to me they'd heard rumors about
Pannell but never investigated their
answers showed why football as a whole
seemed blind to sexual abuse he was
looked upon as a fella that wasn't right
but there was no feral complaints
patella : he defiled it well I've never
come across this do you see in sport
because you're a sportsman he's a
masculine thing football I would have
this stay because he produced it goods
cheshire police questioned Manchester
City staff after bunnell was arrested in
America their answers are described as
evasive and cagey they admitted getting
rid of banal for irregularities but
wouldn't elaborate and police called
them a prominent Club who wouldn't want
media attention 20 years on city's new
owners said they wouldn't comment until
after the end of the trial and their own
internal inquiry on burnell's links to
the club but the lawyer for many victims
is concerned that won't address the
abuse players suffered it just shows
that city do not get it they are still
thinking about themselves about their
liability about their financial interest
it's not about them it's about survivors
it's about the children which fulfilled
the notion that this is historic impacts
on you then and then everything is ok
well actually now it doesn't look like
without the rails for quite a long
period of time it was substance abusing
and drinking I've pretty much lived with
this every single day at the forefront
of my mind
if I thought about everything I would
collapse just mental breakdown I get the
rush of anxiety sense of worthlessness I
have left a couple life on my life you
got to lie and pretend that you're happy
and you're not this man never told
anyone that Bunnell abused him even his
closest family didn't understand why he
suddenly became a troubled child after
all my life of outbursts
I feel the aggression coming from my
feet upwards it's like like a fever the
only way I could deal with her was to
hurt myself punch walls break my hands
give myself a headache because that
would take the feeling away my wife has
always wondered what was wrong with me
the nightmares you get use of you know
what's gonna happen
I've got told that I tried to smother my
wife in bed but I pull her over her face
I've tried to strangle her she knew I
was asleep
I've got an old recollection of her
he couldn't tell his wife the source of
his nightmares until November 2016 when
first one then dozens of burnell's
former players finally broke their
silence and his picture came on the
telly my wife looked at me and said
what's the matter I didn't what to do I
was distraught you got teenage boy a gun
in it it's horrible it's it's hard to
explain
I'm scared I don't know I've got lucky
to be scared off unsure about whether to
go to the police he called a boyhood
friend the only person who'd been able
to voice what everyone else locked away
as a dark secret and then all types of
abuse the masturbation the oral sex and
the burglary all continued for me he was
the only person who would understand
and maybe he could help me 1 kept silent
1 spoke out they last saw each other as
boys staying at burnell's house where
he'd abused both on the same night yeah
I know I know it's tough
I'm just really struggling them already
my day I phoned you if there was a
reason if I hadn't spoke to you when her
dead
we probably wouldn't having this
conversation right now the picture and
it just triggered something off was I
ever gonna say anything to anybody no it
wasn't it wasn't it was gonna go to the
grave with me I'm glad he didn't
I'll tell you I still struggle when
being asked about what actually happened
to revisit that detail you know we comes
away you know where we used to stay and
stuff yeah what we thought being a
special was so absolutely now was it as
an old man knowing what it meant back in
the day I'm 48 now this was when we were
10 11 12 he's in 13 years of age and
you've been hailed and told you're gonna
be a superstar you can play for all
these websites but this is your future
and and all you do it actually is Janet
survived as a kid
this was the same pitch where Ian was
first filmed with Frank his father Frank
was convinced abuse in football was a
huge issue
way beyond banal so after the program 20
years ago it looks like your dad went
into overdrive and just wrote to
everyone he could think of yeah
absolutely
I mean here we've got letters to local
MPs to sporting organizations to when
Frank died Ian's mother was about to
throw away his file
just as burnell's latest arrests made
headlines in November 2016 my mum
rescued it the night before it was gonna
go into the recycling you know 74 year
old woman was upside down in a wheelie
bin rescuing this envelope of documents
yes absolutely
did the Football Association said they
couldn't know if coaches were a risk
because they didn't have legal powers
then to check criminal records to be
dismissed with such a short letter just
it's just completely unacceptable it's
all so disingenuous bunnell didn't have
a criminal record until he'd been
abusing for at least 15 years that's
because no clubs reported their concerns
even though players say it seemed an
open secret for many in football across
Northwest England we would known as
being buried bum boys that's what people
used to shout out to him
was placed with another coach who used
to talk names Fannie's Bob boy you're
all gay battles gay year or sleeping
together but also had friends who
previously played for a lot of older age
groups and the stories were already out
there before we came along you know five
years previously this man also played in
one of burnell's youth teams linked to
Manchester City often staying at the
coach's house where play fighting
quickly became sexual abuse I've been
coerced so much to a certain point but
then all of a sudden that became
alarming and a member all the adrenaline
running through her body because you see
even as a young naive boy I
instinctively knew that what was going
on was terribly wrong he was trying to
rape me
in 1985 berry banal joined Crewe
Alexandra after Manchester City got rid
of him for unspecified reasons cruise
manager Dario gradi brought him in as a
youth coach they'd worked together in
the 70s at Wimbledon and Chelsea many of
burnell's players also decamped from
city to join him at Crewe then dispersed
to other clubs taking the rumours with
them they would ask me whether it's true
that it was a kid he took sure he's a
fiddler because he truly wanted Berry's
bum boys and I'd say yes yeah my
experience yeah who are you saying this
to send it to other parents maybe with
the boy's parents the coaches at the new
team that had gone playing for anybody
quite happy to substantiate it in the
close and closed world of football word
got back to Barry banal at crew and I
got one written letter on cruise no
paper telling me that he'd heard that
I've been making allegations about in
which you don't know why I'm doing that
is it out of bitterness because all he's
ever done is tried to promote my
football career we've actually remember
it trouble cause just don't go very far
in the game I'm sure that through aware
of the fact at that particular time what
the club did know was that every weekend
boys stayed with bunnell we've seen one
of his account sheets he charged crew
five pounds per boy per night to stay 20
years ago manager Dario gradi confirmed
to me he knew boys had often stayed
overnight with burnell's
he carried that on when he when he came
here and I have to say that we've never
had any any reports of any problems but
we've been told that's not true
a decade earlier in 1988 a crew director
says a parent from another club
approached him and he said my friend's
son was abused by the coach a crew
football club and you need to know it
now I'm stunned
so stunned into silence I'm not often
stunned into silence that was it
I'd already heard such a lot of innuendo
and gossip and rumor and one thing in a
nervous and I Hadi up to here Hamilton
Smith says he demanded a special meeting
those directors who attended decided
against sacking banal instead he says
the deputy chairman John bola told
manager Girardi no more boys must stay
with Bunnell and Dalia said well okay
kids who have kids with me I haven't
heard any complaints she said I've never
had any complaints of it very vanilla
and and Dario virtually ignored it him
just sat down and I looked and thought
well is that the meeting over and that
was he bunnell stayed at Crewe for
another four years
the club has never said why he left in
part to burnell's linked to Gary Speed
who committed suicide in 2011 the speed
family have always denied he was a
victim but new evidence suggests
otherwise
all through his career as a football
coach berry Bernal took young teams on
tour to Spain in America he assigned
rooms several boys in each with bunnell
himself sharing one of them lease
interviews from 1994 Bernal was now
coaching an amateur team and had taken
them on a summer trip to America one boy
came home and told his parents bunnell
raped him on that tour after at least 15
years of rumor but no action berry
Bernal was arrested still in Florida
with Bunnell in an American jail
British police dug into his previous
activities a crew football club this was
after crew director Hamilton Smith says
he warned the club but they didn't stop
players staying with Grinnell an
indication they both said they were not
abused but police was still concerned
that possibly maybe something there the
details about I don't want to tell us
about something now if something else
happened it will affect you for the rest
of your life it will fester the back
your mind for a long long time as it has
to with all these other kids somebody
I'll leave the rest when you need
training well I think he might later
when they stopped seeing her
he sent me alone I know the end of it in
1995 Bunnell was sentenced to four years
in America for rape and indecent assault
before conviction dozens of players
wrote letters of support even some had
been abused like Andy Woodward who
didn't open up to police for three years
and Steve Walters locked in silence for
over 20 years both now leading figures
in the campaign to protect children in
sport crew manager Dario Girardi said
he'd received no complaints
despite Hamilton Smith now claiming he
alerted grotty who he said wouldn't take
action
tonight's extended edition dispatches
reporter Deborah Davis investigates the
Peter filed coaches the film aired while
Bunnell was in jail in America and yet
to face charges in Britain former crew
director hamilton-smith vividly
remembers watching it then demanding to
meet John bola then deputy now chairman
I said you remember that we had the
special meeting about very banal and he
said no Hamilton that's not what
happened and then he started to try to
tell me some cock-and-bull story and I
knew immediately this is a coverlet and
I said you're a lying bastard
and go we can't confirm that or
establish what crew knew because the
club bola and Grady didn't reply when we
put the allegations to them after prison
in America Bernal was extradited to
stand trial in Britain court documents
from 1998 not seen before indicate
almost 50 charges against 23 children
but the prosecution let him plead to
just half the crimes against only six
boys none of the victims were told the
details several like Ian actly feel the
justice system let them down I only just
found that out a week or so ago and I've
still not got any explanation from
anybody what charges were pressed and
which ones were allowed to be laid on
file why was that voice is honorable
it's the voice they thought they'd never
hear again after serving half his
sentence bunnell was released from
prison in 2004 nothing was heard of him
until he agreed to speak to a journalist
eight years later
didn't know he was being recorded the
audio has never been made public until
now not a penny I haven't done it for
compensation I have done it 100 percent
to put him back in prison
it's nonsense nonsense it's just an
attempt at distancing himself from it
and any boys would you say like complete
and utter absolute Alexandra's wing for
five years so I saw that be 20 30 40 no
evidence of any buggery well really
because I had four counts of will read a
charges against him the perverse way
it's compulsive to listen to it but it's
shocking
sort of shocking no soul and no
conscience he wants to try living Marvin
living through for the last 30 odd years
then ask him again and see how he feels
voice I don't hear anymore one of the
main reasons Barry burnell's victim
stayed silent sometimes for decades was
to protect their parents I just feel
really really guilty for them because
they've just basically handed me over to
a pedophile my father offered to take
lifts over to these to these children my
father our church I just wanted on it I
couldn't do it I just couldn't seem to
hurt in my dad's eyes even 35 years
later a brooch switcher from her dad and
it's caused massive tenuous relations
between us both probably he's our last
proper conversation alone together he
was apologizing to me again
and which you know I'm what you might
have died and I'm I'm saying you no need
to apologize it was nothing nothing to
do with you it's not your fault can't
change what happened to me back and
hopefully change the future it's trying
to help others
running the manchester marathon is an
extraordinary public statement from a
man who kept silent for years David Lean
did so partly because his mother saw the
97 dispatcher's film and confronted him
just me if anything that happened while
I've been at the house and I said no
everything was fine and she said she's
not sure how she would have coped if it
had and I decided then that I wasn't
ever gonna disclose until my mom passed
away 15 years later David's mother was
terminally ill I'm going into lofts and
garages and going through wardrobes in
my mom's house I was trying to get
everything ready to to go to the police
trophies from the Butlins holiday camp
where bunnell coached him certificates
from the training weekend he spent at
burnell's house where he was sexually
abused all became evidence once his
mother died she got through it at
Christmas and then passed away in the
January and I went to Macclesfield
police station after finally disclosing
the abuse
David was hit by a tide of emotion just
sort of disintegrated in the car for 20
minutes
and then so realize
the ear
you've told the police which is like
people you don't know but you're going
on to tell a loved one which is
completely different and never in a
million years did I expect to hear what
I heard and then you know everything
sorta started to make sense and I can't
describe but it was like because then
you know it's things like your home that
you safe-haven it sure your place of
safety feels invaded it was just just
erm I wasn't it was made worse when the
prosecution service said they wouldn't
charge banal because he'd already served
time for abusing six boys during the
same period another charge wasn't
justified David fought that decision and
won his father lived to see bunnell
convicted for a third time in 2015 and
jailed for two years for abusing David
but he saw him go to prison before he
passed I wanted him to see the justice
as much as I did
towards the end of the marathon
David had a shocking encounter with a
friend of one of burnell's victims we
couldn't find the runner to verify their
story but the fact that abuse can lead
to suicide is something we've heard time
and again another of burnell's players
was recently diagnosed with a kind of
permanent mental damage suffered by
hostages and torture victims raped
repeatedly for five years as a child he
was one of the cases bonel served time
for I suppose this kind of denotes the
period 82 to 87 where the kind of that
the actual abuse took place to defuse
the ever-present turmoil in his head he
maps it out on paper the 98 conviction
but there's no support mechanisms in
place and so basically left to rot get
on with the rest of your life sink or
swim
overwhelming guilt
shame and culminated in 2002 a mental
breakdown and effect low self-esteem or
annoy a short attention span a journal
panic attacks sleepwalking trust issues
it's never straight forward trough peak
trough at certain point in time so let's
how either deep trough twice he's tried
to kill himself the last time after a
normal night out with friends I remember
walking back in kind of a strange kind
of halfway house kind of mentality so no
no thoughts about what damage I could
potentially cause by doing what I was
gonna be do go to the garage
couldn't find a rope what could I use
and that was gonna be it why wasn't it
it because it snapped
in the trial that's just ended he gave
emotional testimony on the impact of the
abuse he said he'd heard four of
burnell's players had died but didn't
know the details our investigation has
traced those deaths in 2016 mark Owens
told police Bernal had abused him as a
child before he could give a formal
statement he died from long-term
problems with alcohol
Stephen Prince died from a drug overdose
in 1991 h20 former teammate sakru Sabin
L accused him of stealing money his
tactic against boys who tried to escape
his advances as we've already reported
mark Hazeldine killed himself and five
years later so did another of those
teammates Garry speed
a premiership legend a Wales
international and then manager Gary
speeds death in 2011 stunned the
footballing world the 97 film named him
as one of the star players bunnell
discovered not one of his victims but
after Gary speeds death that led to
speculation about why he killed himself
the link made headlines again when he
was named in court as one of the four
players who've died speaking just after
Gary speeds inquest bonel used the word
special horribly familiar to the boys he
abused I saw Gary come and go in for his
life where he was the one certain
difference he he was one showered with
gifts he was one that was going on
different holidays and different tours
because I've seen a pattern emerging
we've buried with other young people if
you ask me I would say that Gary will
have suffered abuse at the hands of
Barry I assume there would be a link to
the abuse in his teenage years to his
suicide no matter in other factors
involved which you will never know but I
think that will have had some part to
play I really do the speed family have
always said Gary was not abused that's
what he told police in the 90s but his
father Roger has also said publicly life
would be easier if they knew why Gary
killed himself we've spoken to more than
one witness who says there was abuse and
that may be a factor because this is so
sensitive an actor is voicing one man's
words if they're unable to see reason I
could provide some clarity and I could
give them the closure they need to get
on with the rest of their lives because
I was there I was a witness
on a few occasions gary was in the same
bed barry would abuse one of us then
turn over and then abuse yielder you are
absolutely certain that gary speed was
abused by banal 100%
well 99.9% because you were literally
both in the bed at the same time yeah
you don't actually witness its site wise
but basically the same process is
happening to that other person so anyone
who stayed regularly what were the
chances that they were being abused by
banal I've got pictures of football
teams and you could basically go along
the line and say yes yes yes yes yes
very much that's the closest bunnell has
ever come to expressing remorse but what
about the football authorities how much
have they acknowledged their failure to
protect players
in a letter the American prosecutor
alerted Charles Hughes at the Football
Association to burnell's conviction in
Florida their response nothing they
never replied hello I'm Deborah Davis
from the dispatches two years later I
tried to get an answer from the same man
mr. Hughes we wanted to ask you about
his attitude to prevention and sexual
abuse of children instead the fa said
the program ignored the facts and
claimed child protection was a top
priority four years later in 2001 ex
crew director Hamilton Smith met the FA
to clarify why they'd never investigated
bunnell I wanted their fair to tell me
why their systems that they had in place
had failed some recently and what was
their intention to do about it what was
the future their brief reply the
Football Association has investigated
the issues and is satisfied there is no
case to answer investigated who
investigated for is it what I get for
confronting the FAA asking for answer I
think they just didn't want to know by
2001 the FA was moving forward under
chief executive Adam crow CA they
produced guidelines to prevent all forms
of abuse they commissioned respected
academics Celia Brackenridge to monitor
how well the guidelines were working
over the next five years she kept a
diary
January 2002 I began elated then got
depressed and frustrated then became
quite angry and upset about the many and
various delays
some clubs cooperated but not all one
official threw back the researchers ID
card across the table after another
refused to return numerous telephone
calls and even pretended to be someone
else to avoid being interviewed November
2002 bang
Adam Crozier resigned from the FA last
week his departure could signal bad news
for the project too soon to say her
fears were justified the FA scrapped the
study citing budget cuts June 2003 the
whole business has drained me and left
me feeling even more cynical about their
stated intentions to develop welfare
initiatives now the FA has been forced
to deal with its own past
institutionally all organisations in the
old days used to protect themselves by
keeping quiet and closing ranks that's
completely unappropriate in it and
unacceptable today which is why we've
had an independent led inquiry my
concern is that this is just going to be
a smokescreen it's not going to actually
result in anything which is worthwhile
and the question mark still remains how
are they going to sanction themselves
potentially for their own failings the
FA have said their inquiry won't report
until at least Easter and they won't
comment before that
Manchester City MIT but this isn't about
football this is about abuse if people
knew about it they need to be held
accountable the cynic in me realizes
that it was produced in production line
of talent which was enhancing true
Football Club financially because these
plays have been passed on to good clubs
for enormous amounts of money I think
it's disgusting
how can you possibly put the care and
welfare of children to one side for
bringing a possible star into the game
and that's just them purely about greed
and money there has got to be it an
awful lot more scrutiny it isn't
happening and as long as it isn't
happening
the law would be your fault
I think it's disgusting
I think it's wicked it's hurtful
a father a son a friend a brother no we
are left to try and comfort one another
all your friends after mark Hazeldine
suicide his older brother wrote a poem
his mates signed his shirt tributes to a
man one of so many failed by the game he
loved maybe your male pride stopped you
talking to us now you've lost the
biggest game as we will do the same your
mind won't trouble you anymore
you
