supporters of rival political parties
marching together they say to defend
democracy it's a rare moment of unity in
Senegal slightly and sometimes divisive
political landscape here they shout the
name of the former president's son
Kareem wad is a leading opposition
figure who was sentenced to prison on
corruption charges he now lives in exile
if opposition leaders are sent to prison
then our democracy is turning into a
dictatorship that's why we're on the
streets to ensure a political rise the
popular mayor of Dakar khalifa sal - is
accused of embezzling millions of
dollars in his facing trial from his
detention cell he still runs the city if
sentenced he will not be allowed to run
for president in the upcoming elections
Sal says the trial is politically
motivated the opposition accuses
President Macky Sall of using the courts
to eliminate his political rivals ahead
of the 2019 presidential elections among
the protesters is the president's former
prime minister only as juggled for
politicians or people like that it's a
struggle for the people of Senegal we
want Senegal to become real under Bucky
sales leadership Senegal has become one
of the world's fastest-growing economy
people here are better off today than
they were before he came to power and
with recent offshore oil and gas
discoveries the economy is set to grow
even further but these protesters feel
left out saying they're not getting a
fair share of this new wealth
there's protests and demonstrations like
this for the past few weeks across
various West African countries then Chad
in Asia in Togo even in Tunisia some are
protesting against the rising cost of
living others are calling for political
change and so this protest has to be
taken in the light of what's happening
throughout the region
young African
tired of being ignored taking to the
streets in order to get their voices
heard the demonstration ended like it
started peacefully for President Macky
Sall supporters this shows his ability
to govern with the opposition and with
thousands of people on the streets the
opposition sees it as a success too and
so all seem to agree that democracy
isn't easy but is always worth fighting
for
Nicholas Hawke al Jazeera at the car
