entering her latest political race with
a bang Rosie Senna naka former mrs.
world diplomat and parliamentarian is
aiming to become the mayor of Colombo
she's the first woman to even try I
strongly believe that we cannot have
democracy if we do not interest the
needs of the majority of the population
the majority of the population Srilanka
avi main she's one of more than 17,000
women contesting local government
elections a record number of women are
standing for positions in 340
institutions a recent change in the law
has made it mandatory to have 25 percent
of women in local government more than
12 times the number now some are my
Laguna Singh of the Marxist People's
Liberation Front says the changes will
give more deserving women a chance in
our country it was the minister's
daughter or siblings or those from flesh
Co families that could enter politics
but we think honest talented women
should come into politics where laws are
made this election can do that it's a
view that this boat in Colombo endorsed
it is high time that the still incants
the politicians desired at least there
are so many women they should give a
place to the women it's the first time
in decades that elections to all local
bodies around the country are being held
on a single day the stakes are high for
all political parties going into this
local government they defeated three
years ago which is the reason why local
issues such as roads streetlights and
garbage disposal are taking on the
intensity of a national fight the
coalition government of the President
and Prime Minister is struggling to
maintain its popularity following a
series of scandals and failure to
deliver on its campaign promise to root
out corruption both leaders have
traveled around the country to support
their candidates the main threat is
former president Wang the Rajapaksa
despite being voted out in his bid
for a third presidential term Rajapaksa
still commands the loyalty of a large
voter base a base he's trying to
mobilize for a new political front
despite the fact that he's not a member
of it and remains a member of his
successors party so the Provost rather
or the the way forward for the upcoming
national elections will be starting from
this particular point so it is for the
president for the prime minister who's
coming from the two different political
parties and in the other hand the former
president's campaign will have a test
and they have to show their power
whatever the larger political stakes
local election voters will be hoping for
competent candidates both male and
female to ensure the smooth running of
their institutions min FN and Eze al
Jazeera Colombo
