hers is a remarkable journey from a
refugee camp in Africa to a state
legislature in the United States in 2016
Ilhan Omar became the country's first
elected Somali American lawmaker last
year Time magazine put her on the front
cover calling her one of the women who
are changing the world so does the
future of the US look more like her or
Trump she joins me now
Ilhan Omar thanks for coming on upfront
you were elected aged just 33 to the
Minnesota House of Representatives in
November 2016 that was of course the
same night that Donald Trump was elected
president of the US how did you feel
that night was it a happy night for you
a sad night a bit of both I think it was
bittersweet I with my campaign staff and
campaign supporters that we staked a
little too long at our party because we
there was a lot of crying and a lot of
people who were upset but when the
reporters asked me how I was feeling I
told them that I was actually optimistic
and hopeful because I believed that this
was going to be the awakening of our
nation people were going to be woken
from their complacency and we were
actually gonna get to work in and not
only resisting but reshaping and
restoring this country's promise and
within just a few days of taking office
President Trump brought in his infamous
travel ban the Muslim ban you're not
just a Muslim immigrant to the United
States you're a former Muslim refugee
who's from one of the countries on the
banned list Somalia so do you think
President Trump doesn't want people like
you in the country because he says it's
not personal it's national security I
mean I think you know if if we were
really being honest about what could be
masqueraded as national security issue
we know that no one from any of these
countries has ever posed a threat within
this country and so we know that for for
him
and and his supporters this is just a
political football and and they're using
our our communities and and and people
who who look like me as as leverage you
talk about him and his supporters more
than a million people in your state of
Minnesota voted for Trump he only lost
that state I think by a percentage point
and a half do you feel cut off
disconnected from a lot of your own
constituents who clearly don't see
Trump's Islamophobia or anti-immigrant
rhetoric as disqualifying I mean I think
what we are seeing in Minnesota is
people actually coming to terms with the
the kind of rhetoric that they thought
was just that rhetoric now actually
becoming policy I don't think a lot of
Minnesotans and a lot of the people in
this country actually thought that he
would implement they they voted because
there was that economic anxiety they
believed this guy was going to be part
of negotiating this country into better
not cultural or racial anxiety I don't
think a lot of people understood that
the what the ones the people that he was
talking about the policies that he was
talking about on the campaign trail were
going to have an effect on the members
of their community the people that they
have grown to appreciate to be part of
their communities when you hear reports
of your president referring to countries
in Africa lling including your own
country of birth Somalia as s whole
countries do you think that makes him a
racist it's Donald Trump a racist in
your view I mean I think there isn't a
debate about whether Trump is a racist I
think he fits into every every ISM but
but what what is important is for people
to actually understand the implication
of those kind of descriptions that he
attaches to countries in in Africa in
Haiti in El Salvador when we are having
a conversation about what will
ultimately make our country safe it is
about showing strong and principled
leadership it's about being the the
country that that has been known it's to
faster open an inclusive society you say
there's no debate about whether Trump's
a racist and a lot of people would agree
with you on that and in fact there's
been an explosion in the number of
anti-muslim far-right white nationalist
groups in the u.s. over the past couple
of years your instead of Minnesota
experienced a record number of
anti-muslim incidents in 2016 you
yourself I believe just a few weeks
after election victory I think got a cab
driver called you filthy and Isis and
threatened to remove your hijab how much
do you hold trump and the rise of Trump
responsible for this explosion of US
Islamophobia oh I would actually come
very short of holding them exclusively
responsible for for the rights I think
when you demonize and dehumanize it is
easy for people to to commit acts of
violence against those those individuals
because they no longer see them as as a
person as someone who who has feelings
who's worthy of respect and and I think
that is where we are moving away from
the idea that we we are supposed to be a
welcoming nation a lot of conservatives
in particular would say that the rise in
Islamophobia is a result not of hate but
a fear a legitimate fear they say of
quote/unquote jihadist terrorism whether
it's Fort Hood or San Bernardino or the
recent truck attack in New York what do
you say to them I would say our country
should be more fearful of white man
across our country because they are
actually causing
most of the deaths within this country
and so if fear was the driving force of
policies to keep America safe Americans
safe inside of this country we should be
profiling monitoring and and and
creating policies to fight the
radicalization of white men but most of
the funding and attention even under
Obama obviously went towards Muslim
communities one of those communities is
in Minnesota your state the Somali
American community in Minnesota where I
think over the past few years more than
20 young Somali Americans have left to
go and fight for ISIL or Al Shabaab or
one of these quote-unquote
jihadist groups abroad that's a real
threat obviously no one's pretending
it's not a threat so what do you do
about it but I mean I think like I said
the the focus of our policies should
should be about keeping Americans safe
keeping us domestically safe and and and
where we actually find a solution it's
looking at our foreign policy looking at
how we are engaging with these the
members of these these communities and
and and and the kind of rhetoric right
like that is being spewed out of leaders
within our city halls within our state
capitals and-and-and within our nation's
capital say some would say that's true
there's some really bad rhetoric coming
from politicians security leaders etc
but also a lot of bad rhetoric coming
from Muslim community leaders Imams etc
is that fair I think what both of those
statements could be true and I and I
think you know it just goes to show what
happens when you have segments within
communities that that are using fear and
hate to mobilize their base and it is
important for us to actually have a
conversation about what kind of
communities we
trying to build and what this nation
actually stands for in an interview last
year you said your campaign the state
office was about more than you it was
about shifting quote the narrative about
what it's possible for those outside of
the US we have a global audience
watching who look at the current US
president maybe think he defines the
u.s. now his anti-immigrant anti
minority anti-muslim sentiment do you
see your story as a kind of foil a
counter narrative to that are you
personally the anti-trump what what I
represent is is is an America that that
still allows people to fulfill that
American dream that you can come here at
the age of twelve only knowing two
phrases in English have the opportunity
to put yourself through school and
ultimately defeat a fully four year
incumbent to win a seat at the table
now I'm only representing people that
look like you but a district that has a
70% white population what I wanted
people to know throughout my election
was that this dream isn't closed off to
people that the idea that a person of
color or women could only win and and
run in districts that looked like them
was was was something that we needed to
move away from Elmer thanks for joining
me on upfront
thank you that's our show upfront we'll
be back next week
you
