by Thursday the bombing raids in eastern
Jota had only intensified at least two
dozen were carried out and activists say
they see no end in sight to this horror
from the sky the night before fires in
the town of Martin Norman the target of
dozens of airstrikes
that's despite it being in the
northeastern province of adlib a
rebel-held area in one of Syria's
so-called de-escalation zones whose
borders were agreed to by Russia Turkey
and Iran bombing raids carried out by
Russian and Syrian forces have only
intensified since a Russian warplane was
shot down by rebels on Saturday when
another blaze is put out rescue efforts
begin anew we're seeing this escalation
because Isis has largely been defeated
the zones were marked out around Syria
of de-escalation while the United States
and Russia were interested in destroying
Isis now that Isis has largely been
destroyed
these de-escalation zones have become up
for grabs we see turkey rushing in to
grab a plane in the north the United
States that say this it's gonna stay for
the long haul in Syria it owns 28
percent of Syrian territory and the
Syrian regime is trying to grab the
remaining rebel parts of Syria including
the huhta which has been surrounded and
bombarded the last few years
Eastern Lulla near Syria's capital
Damascus
is also still in the hands of rebels and
like Eid Lib is also under intense
bombardment dozens of men women and
children have been killed in the last
four days
many residents believe pro-government
forces are pushing for a decisive
outcome to the war in Syria while the
United Nations has called for a
month-long truce to evacuate the wounded
that appeal hasn't made a difference
even for those accustomed to the carnage
of this seemingly endless conflict this
most recent bombardment has been
terrifying
Mohammed Jim Jim al Jazeera
