this Syrian child has been wounded in
besieged Eastern hooda the area faces a
relentless campaign by the Assad
government after five years of starving
surrender tactics medics say hospitals
are being deliberately targeted by the
Syrian regime incubators weren't exempt
from the indiscriminate bombings in
areas which are supposed to be
de-escalation zones the rebel control at
the province is also under an aerial
campaign by Syrian and Russian jets
we lost 220 teams since we began two of
them on Tuesday lost use the waters two
of them one in North Hammond and the
second was in eastern Basilicata
they were rushing to the Bliss of attack
to save civilian they being targeted by
trial top strike and they get killed
same imbalance that was carrying them to
the ballistic bring them did to the
hospital
the governor burrell Hospital is among
the seven medical facilities bombed
after being targeted multiple times in
one week so local it's the third air
strike was the most intense it destroyed
the entire hospital I'm sorry to say
that we've lost a huge medical
institution serving the entire area I
have no alternative everyone is asking
me where to go I have no answer there's
no intensive care unit for thousands of
people anymore this hospital had the
only dialysis unit in the entire
southern countryside of it Lib medics
say the pain was unbearable as they had
to unhook dialysis patients when the
airstrikes began the second round of
strikes the jet fighters fired
thermobaric missiles at the immediate
next room I cannot talk more we have had
a very difficult situation Syria's
healthcare system has been decimated in
the nearly seven years of war aid
workers and rights groups have
repeatedly accused the government of
deliberately targeting hospitals to
force people to surrender the Russian in
Syrian campaign has intensified enid Lib
after a fighter jet was brought down by
rebels on Saturday it's caused the
highest number of casualties in months
Moscow insists its
getting what it calls terrorists but
activists say most of the dead have been
civilians injured people stumbled to
find cover in bombed out buildings as
another fighter jet roars above them so
I'ma be job-aid
out of there
