recent elections most notably that of
Donald Trump as US president have
highlighted the role played by social
media in spreading malicious propaganda
and fake news in this alternative cyber
reality fiction becomes fact lies become
truths and political consensus becomes
almost impossible to achieve in the
second of two special reports Bob abcess
investigates allegations that Russia and
the far-right have been using the
technology to undermine democracy
America's 2016 presidential campaign
highlighted new threats to democracy
posed by social media platforms in the
Internet the US Congress is
investigating how the Russians used
Facebook Twitter and Google to which
information warfare and a special
counsel is looking into whether the
Russians and the Trump campaign actually
colluded in their digital strategies
there is also growing concern that the
business models and algorithms that
drive social media companies are fueling
extreme partisanship and opening up the
floodgates to phony news but America
isn't alone challenges to democracy
posed by social media also surfaced last
year in European elections we begin
there in this second part of our
investigation into why social media
platforms are such powerful tools for
those who want to spread propaganda and
disinformation we look into the ways
automated accounts known as BOTS are
deployed by Russians in the far right to
manipulate the public the use of social
media to which information warfare was
perfected by the Kremlin in the Baltic
States in Ukraine according to the NATO
Stratcom Center of Excellence in Latvia
Janus sart's as its director the center
of excellence is researching the
information confrontation cognitive
warfare and we've done a lot of look at
what Russia has been doing over the
years and we see that a lot of our
knowledge is actually very relevant to
what is happening in the u.s. because
obviously for anybody who's been
watching the methodologies have been
more or less there for some time
according to the NATO Stratcom Center
the use of social media as a military
tactic is part of the so-called
gerasimov doctrine named after the
current chief of Russia's General Staff
the goal is permanent unrest and chaos
within an enemy state achieving that
with information warfare rather than
military engagement is a preferred way
to win it gives you a plausible
deniability and it was quite a
significant change I think in
because typically Russian theoretical
thought was more about traditional
military conflict rather than this what
does it mean to have information
campaigns at the center of military
strategy this was he first saw the troll
factories running the shifts of people
whose task is using social media to
micro-target the people and spreading
fake news and then in different
countries they tend to look at where the
vulnerabilities is it minorities in
migration is it corruption is a social
inequality and then you go and exploit
it and increasingly the shift is towards
Robert ization of the trolling the use
of automated social media accounts to
interfere in elections and weaken
democracy has become more advanced in
recent years we found that out when we
stopped by the 2017 riga conference last
september thank you for coming to this
very special 360 OS breakaway in riga
we'll be focusing on elections and how
bots and this information are being
utilized to create tensions in our
society the workshop was sponsored by
the Atlantic Council's digital forensic
research lab they taught journalists and
researchers how to recognize social
media manipulation techniques at the
very basic level of bot is a social
media account pre-programmed to do
certain things without people pressing
the button there are plenty of good BOTS
out there like they are BOTS which share
poetry what we focus on particularly is
malicious BOTS which I use to distort
conversations online then Nimmo the
information defense fellow for the
council specializes in tracking
malicious BOTS on Twitter there's a lot
of the bot activity today coming out of
Russia yes and I've seen a lot of
botnets from the US for example that
there are botnets which exclusively post
for example far-right content in the
u.s. botnets are groups of fake accounts
that can be automated to tweet like and
post together you can tell a bot by
looking at the three A's which are
activity anonymity and amplification and
then I think there's an example here
whose handle is dreamed of dust which
appears to be a us-based okay
fifteen months old in those 15 months
it's posted three hundred and nineteen
thousand tweets but they have the
activity that's a ridiculously high
figure in terms of anonymity the avatar
picture is a cartoon image not a real
person and the the biography is just a
collection of pro-trump phrases and then
if you look at the amplification all you
see is it's sharing stories to its 2600
followers
Nimmo also showed us what appeared to be
a commercial part for hire that screen
name is something like Judah Judah G
it's a it's a random scramble of letters
which is often a sign that you found a
bot the account was part of a larger
commercial botnet under the largest
botnet I've seen had 192 thousand
accounts in it and you quite often find
that what these are doing is drowning
out in the middle ground and they are
trying to normalize a situation in which
hatred and abuse are just the standard
way of doing the dangerous that the real
users will get sucked into that
emotional swirl and they'll join in
butts are also used to try to silence
political opponents and journalists so
this is a meme of me being dead now I
wasn't too upset by this because I
happen to know that I was alive at this
point but it is clearly an attempt to
intimidate and is another way of saying
look we can get right into your theater
we can tell people you're dead
but using parts to get hashtags to trend
on Twitter is one of their most
effective uses for Russians and
far-right operators in recent elections
this tactic was used to support Donald
Trump brexit marine lepen in France and
the alternative for Germany party you
can think of it like herding sheep you
have a group of shepherds and these are
real human beings they're real users who
plan an online campaign they'll agree
what's their hashtag going to be they'll
prepare memes they'll coordinate what
time they're actually going to launch
their campaign then you get what you
might think I was the sheepdogs these
are also human users they will retweet
them they'll amplify them they'll copy
the memes and then around that
the bots they will then retweet all the
shepherds and all the sheepdogs and then
they'll start retweeting each other and
so a group of maybe a dozen people can
create the impression of anything
between twenty and forty thousand tweets
in an hour they can then push that hash
tag into the trending lists and so it
throws a smoke screen over the whole
idea of one man one vote somebody who
controls 10,000 volts or a hundred
thousand volts they're controlling
100,000 voices and they distort the
debate the disturbing use of Twitter to
mislead the public was demonstrated
after a mass shooting in Las Vegas last
year and another at a Texas Church
Google searches prioritized false
stories spread on Twitter and Facebook
that the shooters were progressive
Democrats Muslim converts and members of
an Tifa a radical anti-fascist group all
of the social media portals that we're
speaking about are intimately connected
in terms of how information flows occur
across all of the platforms and BOTS are
able to to sort of manipulate this flow
of information
Sam Woolley is head of the digital
intelligence lab at the Institute for
the future and was research director for
Oxford's computational propaganda
project his work with colleague Douglas
Guilbeau demonstrates that botnets
particularly those tweeting Trump
related hashtags played an influential
role in 2016 election what we found was
that they were successful in spreading
their messages to people at the highest
levels of power in the United States so
people from major news networks
journalists politicians other pundits
all kinds of people like this were
tweeting and messaging bought content
and we showed that absolutely like
people like Hillary Clinton and like
Donald Trump were actually spreading the
content that bots were sharing online do
you think a lot of Donald Trump's
followers on Twitter are bots yeah
that's right and the thing about the
bots that follow Donald Trump isn't
their ticularly active he's an
incredibly active Twitter user bots are
used to spread those tweets and they're
used to amplify those tweets like
throughout the campaign we saw that and
continuously we see that
during the campaign bots were also used
to spread damaging information the
russians hacked from the Democratic
National Committee and one study showed
they generated 20% of all the political
traffic on Twitter during the first
second and third debates thoughts were
overwhelmingly used at a sort of rate of
five to one in support of Donald Trump
compared to Hillary Clinton when it came
to swing states we saw that bought usage
was at an all-time high
bots were being used to spread fake news
stories in ways that we had never really
seen before our bots used on Facebook as
well as Twitter Facebook has to come
clean for instance during the election
there was actually real protests that
happened because of fake profile pages
that were automated on Facebook and so
bots are absolutely a problem on
facebook seth turin the founder of ubot
studio is well versed in the ways bots
are used on facebook his software is one
of many turnkey systems to pop up in
recent years then make it easy to build
a news box on social media platforms and
they're cheap you can buy one for 300
dollars or less we call this the you
BOTS playground and we make it really
user friendly in the way that anybody
can just jump right in what we do here
is we have a bunch of clones of common
types of sites so that people can play
around and get to know you by turrón
says you bot has hundreds of
applications from advertising jobs to
pumping up celebrity popularity it can
also be used to spread and amplify a
political message real or fake
you have Twitter on there right yeah I
mean there's a lot of different things
he can do while he warns users against
it turn is well aware his software can
be used for so-called blackhat purposes
tasks that violate a platforms Terms of
Service or are illegal so with you about
you can actually create random usernames
and passwords and you can use those to
create accounts but if you need a bot to
make that many accounts for you then
there's a good chance that you're doing
some
and Twitter doesn't want you to do once
you have accounts you can use bots to do
likes to do follows to do shares to do
retweets all of the above yeah
absolutely and if you'd like I can show
you a more blackhat example using
entirely fictional accounts and the
programs practice ID showed us how you
bots might be used to spread
disinformation on Facebook through
friend requests so this is a fake
account that we have and let's say that
we want to get some idea out there let's
say that we want people to believe that
porgies are genetically modified
sausages so corgis are dogs right yes so
this is some fake news yes big news so
I'm going to post that on my wall and
now I can run this and we're clicking
this ad friend button an attic bot is
just going out there and it's clicking
add friends at random right exactly
endlessly endlessly and what's gonna
happen is these people when they get
that friend message they're gonna come
back to Tyrone's profile and they're
gonna try to figure out who it is and
when they do that they're gonna see that
message that
corgis are genetically modified sausage
and if the message is something that
people are curious about they're gonna
start talking about it and possibly even
believe it to be true Torin explained
how BOTS can also be used to lure people
to pages like heart of Texas which were
created by the Russians to incite
divisive nests and protests in the US so
instead of saying corgis are genetically
modified sausages we might just post a
link to the page or the group that we
want to advertise for it and there's a
chance that they're gonna click it and
there's a chance that they're gonna like
it and if you want to enhance the appeal
and credibility of pages and
disinformation there is a wide range of
offerings from blackhat bot operators
turin doesn't sell the products but he
showed us some examples of what's
available online you have page likes at
$1 per thousand
Ickes you can get Facebook followers a
$1 and a half per thousand
you can also buy Twitter followers
Twitter likes retweets for 30 cents you
can buy a thousand retweets yeah you can
have people share your YouTube video and
there's also Facebook accounts for sale
here yeah sure we can purchase fully
filled accounts with personal photos
cover avatars timeline posts for $5 a
piece
we could have accounts that have friends
with them already you can buy everything
yeah pretty much
in the words of one bot builder that I
spoke to it's like the Wild West they
said that they can do anything in terms
of political political outreach
political coms put a little advertising
and it's really hard for them to get
caught and it wasn't just Russians who
skillfully use BOTS during the 2016
presidential campaign
so did extreme conservative white
nationalists the so-called alright
I think the alright was very successful
at using these tools there's been whole
hand books written by the alt-right on
how to use social media to manipulate
public opinion there's there's and those
are all born out of a lot of the
traditions that we've seen in Russia the
handbooks posted to online forums
encourage all right activists to do
whatever it takes to attack the
opposition followers are prompted to
steal people's online pictures and
impersonate them and there are
instructions on how to use bots to
spread fake stories and mislead
journalists the alt-right has the
playbook on this stuff and they've shown
no hesitancy to use the most
manipulative nefarious tools to get
their message across to people to better
understand the scope of far-right
disinformation and propaganda we
traveled to Harvard Law School to meet
with your high benkler co-director of
the Berkman Kline Center for Internet
and Society for of this particular study
we started rolling the tape for May of
2015 all the way to Election Day benkler
and his team identified about two
million stories that mentioned one of
the candidates and more than 70,000
online news sites ranging from blogs to
mainstream media they then digitally
mapped how often his stories we they're
linked to shared or tweeted on face
and Twitter each of these nose
represents one media source the way they
are colored represents the attention of
audiences to them
bankers analysis revealed two separate
media ecosystems in America one grounded
in the established mainstream media and
the other insights dispensing propaganda
from the far-right Breitbart
the right-wing website that was run by
Steve Bannon Donald Trump's campaign
strategist and former White House
adviser as a central place in the map
the result is a remarkably clear image
with a very distinct insular right-wing
and a fairly mixed rest
what role did the alt-right play in this
right-wing media ecosystem it's fairly
clear that they played a significant
role in generating memes and ideas and
framings but what's critical here is
that you have these major sites in the
middle that offer a translation service
if you will sites like Breitbart
that generalize and normalize for the
population and so when you look at the
actual stories and you try to see how is
Breitbart talking about immigration it's
in terms of terrorism in terms of
wringing diseases into the country in
terms of criminals so you have this
extreme right framing but without the
explicit white supremacy so that they
become in some sense more accepted you
couldn't have had this right-wing
ecosystem without social media could you
I think it would be hard certainly
social media allowed all of these very
extreme views and disparate groups to
find each other and create more power
and more influence could you tell
whether there was more misinformation
and disinformation a liberal side versus
the right-wing side yeah what this shows
you is that a lot of retweeting a lot of
Facebook sharing all these sites truth
feed gateway funded that are fairly
systematic
generating false claims and conspiracy
theories are very prominent on the line
you don't really have a parallel to this
on the land propaganda theory or
disinformation theory says that if more
outlets share the same information that
that is translated to people as being
more credible that's exactly right
the credibility is gained from the fact
that the same audience reads and
retweets and Facebook shares the same
set of sites what does it say about a
society that has two separate media
ecosystems like this I think it presents
a real challenge because while the
center and the center left and the left
are all still organizing roughly around
traditional media organizations and
science the right seems to have created
for itself its own Universal facts a
sort of tribal knowledge production
system where everything is just whatever
my people say is true whatever those
people say is false this is a profound
break in our ability to have anything
like reasoned policy and reasoned
political engagement what matters now is
like how are we going to react to it
how are we going to combat this because
I believe that people who believe in
reason and the truth and and facts can
win out the other day
Keagan Goodis a partner at revolution
messaging was the director of digital
advertising for Democrat Bernie Sanders
2016 presidential campaign how important
were the use of social media platforms
to Bernie Sanders success in 2016
very important only three percent of
Americans knew who he was and without
social media I don't think people would
know who he is now
so candidates such as Bernie you don't
have to go through the traditional
gatekeepers whether in the party or
whether in the media and you're able to
build popular support in a way that has
never been done before but there are
real challenges that social media
platforms present to democracy aren't
there you know Europeans see populism is
a bad thing in the US I think if there
is enough groundswell for four
things that happen that people can unite
using these tools and and and accomplish
them did you use bots on Facebook or
Twitter in the 2016 election no I think
that there is an interesting future in
terms of people who want to get
information from a campaign a bot that's
gonna get them information I think
that's really useful in terms of
spreading misinformation I think it's a
bad thing and something that we have to
take seriously do you think the Russian
information campaign aim to exacerbate
social division in the United States
help Donald Trump win or both both and
you need to recognize that there are
people who are disingenuous in line
whether it's Russia other countries
corporations in America and if they
succeed in that then then we're giving
them a lot more power than they should
have what did you think of the
Albright's efforts to use social media
platforms to help Trump in 2016 I
obviously disagree very strongly with
with the alt-right but they are using
tactics that are successful in terms of
propaganda in terms of flag conveying an
emotional connection with their base now
I'm someone who thinks that we shouldn't
be distorting facts lying to people but
we have to learn from what they were
doing and do better the left doesn't
have that playbook they're not using
that yet and I hate to say it but I
think that if the left did start using
it then what we'd see was just even more
noise and spam we've got to figure out
how to address the issue of bots and the
issue of fake news and all of this junk
content that's spreading over social
media without fighting fire with fire so
what do you think the solution is I
think that the first thing that we need
to have done is to have some way of
authenticating users knowing who is who
owned the platforms to verify that the
person that we're talking to is not
using automation to bolster their their
presence online and that's as simple as
having a little marker on the page that
says this profile is highly automated
and what it also does for Twitter for
Facebook or for another social media
company is it tells them that hey
because this is a highly automated
profile we need to keep it out of our
algorithm that determines trends
Twitter Google and Facebook declined a
request for interviews the US Congress
is considering legislation that would
require them to make reasonable efforts
to ensure that no foreign national buys
ads to influence US elections but the
companies are spending millions on
lobbying and say they can be trusted to
regulate themselves efforts to hold them
accountable for the spread of
disinformation on their platforms may be
more successful in Europe the European
countries have a healthy resistance to
big rich American tech companies right
they they're not impressed they're
constantly debating and pushing forward
on stronger privacy protections or data
protections they are very aggressive in
competition policy enforcement so I look
to Europe as the only place where you
can have a healthy debate about the
dangerous power of Facebook and Google
the Russians meanwhile have learned a
great deal in recent years about how to
use social media platforms to undermine
democracy everything that has been
achieved by the Kremlin and its actors
is definitely marking a turning point
America's standing in the world has been
undermined in the election so the next
challenge now is Europe and the question
is will we lose our society to fictional
reality it is currently being
architectured by Russia or will we in
fact make Nick people Morris into
disinformation and better trained and
equipped to be skeptical of some of the
fake news alternative facts are coming
out and come together in common cause
and stand up against it I think the core
requirement is a lot more transparency
and public accountability for what's
going on I think the companies have much
too much ability to retain the
information and not share it with any
kind of public body that would review
what they're doing how do you think this
is going to play out our social media
platform is going to be seen as a force
for positive change or as an instrument
contributing to democracy's demise I
think the solutions will be fought out
based on who wins or who loses the next
few election cycle
I think that's true in Europe and it's
true in the u.s. so as long as Trump and
the Republican Party keep winning
there's a strong feedback cycle and
these techniques prove themselves then
you can see real destabilization of the
democratic system so we're gonna need a
broad spectrum of approaches to deal
with the problem but at the end of the
day you need the population to actually
decide that it doesn't want to believe
in the nonsense it's about winning
elections and then changing the
incentives to use these disinformation
systems
