Civil Defence volunteers look for
survivors but instead they are pulling
out the dead from the rubble of what was
once homes children women men dozens of
them have been killed in air strikes
that are leveling residential buildings
this man just lost his son god bless you
he says clearly still in a state of
shock it's day three of an intensified
military campaign multiple areas in the
rebel-held Damascus suburb of eastern
huhta are coming under fire people there
say Russian and Syrian government
aircraft have been carrying out one
strike after another people here believe
Russia is taking revenge after its plane
was shot down by the rebels and its
pilot was killed it is intense
bombardment at least 800 people are
wounded some of them very seriously and
they can't be treated here there is a
lack of medical supplies and doctors
Eastern huhta has been besieged by
programand forces for years
it is both home and a trap for some
400,000 people doctors have put up
makeshift health centers but they too
are being hit the center is now out of
service it was hit by the planes it was
the only Medical Center in this town and
it served 15 thousand people the United
Nations is calling for the fighting
throughout Syria to stop for a months to
allow aid deliveries and evacuations of
the sick and wounded at least 500 are in
huhta the enclaves just outside the
capital has been heavily bombarded since
mid-december but the past few days have
been the worst many believe
pro-government forces are pushing for a
decisive outcome they want senses in an
army is not frightened everywhere it's
ready now to fight on two fronts and the
north and it's an of quota the
northwestern province of Idlib which is
also under the control of the opposition
has been hit by dozens of strikes in
recent days they're to residential
neighborhoods and hospitals are being
targeted government
forces have taken ground in these
southern edges of it live in recent
weeks recapturing the whole province
will not be easy but many believes the
immediate goals involved securing the
north to south highway and lifting the
siege on to loyalist towns
pro-government forces have been
struggling to bring eastern huhta under
their control for years and now that
Russia appears to be honing in on rebel
areas Syria is once again in the midst
of a major escalation especially with no
progress on the diplomatic side this
will only bring more suffering
sanika al Jazeera Beirut
