the Israeli army says this is a mature
oz body they've been looking for him
since January 9th he was accused of
killing a settler rabbi from an illegal
settlement outpost in Nablus in the
early hours of Tuesday morning around 70
jeeps and two bulldozers entered this
village alia moon and focused their
attention on this abandoned building
beside our losses met sort of lugnut at
exactly 4:30 a.m. I heard an explosion
and we heard an exchange of gunfire then
it quieted down for about five minutes
and then they started shouting surrender
there was more shooting and then they
brought in a robot that searched the
room for about two hours
the killing has taken on a heightening
significance because the settler was a
religious leader after the killing of
the rabbi from a nearby settlement the
Israeli army mounted almost nightly
raids and are murderers village of
Bergen and they eventually found him
they say here in the Yamuna Hamas have
reacted saying the Palestinian
resistance continues this courageous
martyrdom asserts that resistance in the
West Bank is still going in all its
forms led by al-qasim military armaments
and the resistant and fighting
Palestinian youth all the security
measures of the Israeli occupation the
security organizations or Israeli
military cannot break the will of
resistance and the Palestinian youth
resistance the Intifada will continue
that Jerusalem Intifada will continue
the Palestinian people will go on till
freedom or martyrdom huge crowds are
gathered outside of the mother's house
in between not just my son he's the son
of all of Palestine he died with dignity
fighting the occupation he has made his
people proud on the 17th of January they
thought they'd killed Jarrah but that
turned out to be a case of mistaken
identity and an innocent man was killed
the killing of the settler led Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu didn't
declare the settlement outpost legal
under Israeli law and bring it under
official protection the bodies of the
two Palestinians killed in Israeli
still haven't been handed over to the
families imran khan al jazeera alia moon
village occupied West Bank
