they're the students who led 2014's
pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong
Joshua Wong Nathan law and Alex Chow
arrived at court along with their
supporters United in their fight to have
their jail terms dropped and determined
to strengthen their campaign whatever
the outcome the final Court of Appeal
was their last chance to hold on to
freedom they appealed to the court to
consider their motives and the greater
good of the pro-democracy movement when
handing down the decision after a brief
hearing and in a stark reversal of the
previous ruling the five judges
unanimously granted their appeal
dismissing all jail terms and allowing
the three to walk free from court the
case centers on an incident in 2014
which triggered almost three months of
protests shutting down parts of Central
Hong Kong they were found guilty of
unlawful assembly and inciting others
after they stormed government
headquarters they're initially sentenced
to community service that the government
intervened calling for harsher penalties
the Court of Appeal agreed and sentenced
them to up to eight months in prison but
the city's highest court unanimously
agreed to overturn that ruling the three
student leaders may be relieved to walk
free tonight but they did express some
concern about another ruling delivered
in the final Court of Appeal the five
judges agreed that from now on tougher
guidelines would be endorsed on future
unlawful assemblies in Hong Kong the
student leaders believe that ruling will
impact the right to protest
these are some people saying they're
writing for now the three say they'll
campaign for the pro-democracy
candidates running in next month's
by-election in the seat of disqualified
lawmaker Nathan law the result of this
vote will be a real test to public
sentiment and support for the movement
the one that will be closely watched in
mainland China Sara Clark al-jazeera
Hong Kong
