while some prepare for a Winter Olympics
by hurtling down a ski slope others give
a gentle throw and watch a giant slab of
granite make its way along ice what used
to be known as housework and then a
giant stone settles closest to the
center scoring points
this is curling and Scotland is home to
some of the world's best curlers Eve
Muirhead is the skip of the multi medal
winning British women's team bronze
medalists in Sochi four years ago the
mere heads are a curling family her
sheep farmer brothers Thomas and Glen
are in the men's team who won silver in
Sochi their father competed in the sport
before it became an efficient Olympic
event in 1998 what are the advantages
and disadvantages well of being a family
in intense competition at the Olympic
Games I guess a lot of advantages is
like propane to support each other were
there for each other and and will do
whatever for each team and I think
what's really cool with with this kind
of two Olympic teams as we all go on
really well there's family members going
over mums grenade my uncles you know a
few locals are going out so it's so
exciting to see their faces when we go
there too curling is traditionally an
outdoor sport but the ice has to be
thick enough and safe enough and that
last happened here at Lake of Menteith
in 1979 an occasion called the grand
match this legendary in Scotland the
great thing about curling is not so much
the actual game as the amount of
sweeping that always accompanies the
game's popularity having been part of
life in Scotland for hundreds of years
is about to get another push from the
Winter Olympics and the precious stones
come from an island off the west coast
of Scotland by the name of our sir Craig
only Elsa Craig granite will do and so
does that mean that the house of Craig
stones will be used in trying yes the
world curling Federation provides the
stones that are used for all world
championships and Olympic Games yes
certainly it's there Ilse creeks dunes
it all be used but it's in this former
monastery Paisley Abbey near Glasgow
that evidence of curling's origins can
be found it appears that in the early
part of the 16th century
a monk from the abbey here they settled
a wager by throwing a stone on ice and
it doesn't call it curling but to all
intents and purposes it involved ice and
throwing stones so that sounds very like
a basic form of curling nearly 500 years
later the British team will have history
on its side in Pyeongchang Canada Sweden
and Switzerland are just some of the
team's he may provide formidable
opposition as they gently nudged their
way to what they hope will be gold Lee
Wellings aljazeera sterling
