he is a hero for some Palestinians and
one of Israel's fiercest enemies but who
was behind the assassination of Fatah
segaki in 1981 Fatih chicagee
established Islamic Jihad a resistance
movement to the Israeli occupation in
1986 he was jailed but later released
and deported to Lebanon where he was
allegedly in touch with Hezbollah 1989
shikaka moved to Syria and lived as a
guest of then President Hafez al-assad
in Damascus 1995
shikaka pulled off a major suicide
attack on the 22nd of January at greatly
junction between Tel Aviv and Haifa two
suicide attackers disguised as Israeli
soldiers detonated their bombs killing
21 soldiers he called in the chief of
the Mossad and ordered fattish gawky to
be killed immediately but it was
difficult for Israel's intelligence
service Mossad to kill Shekar key in
Syria on October 4th Shekar key traveled
to libya via malta to meet president
Muammar Gaddafi three weeks later
chicagee returned to Malta but he had
company after booking his return ticket
to Damascus he was gunned down by two
men on a motorcycle
leaving him dead on the street the
assassins
we're taking aboard a rubber boat and
then two and Israeli submarine and sail
back to there were maltese police
reports that Libyan intelligence may
have tipped off Mossad about sugar keys
movement
but like other Arabs and Palestinians
worship Varkey another victim of Mossad
extrajudicial killings
