five times over the past few years these
families have been forced to travel
hundreds of kilometres across the
deserts of northern Yemen to escape the
fighting like another 22 million people
in this country they need humanitarian
assistance you're stuck between the rain
and the Sun and we ate with others spare
for us
we have nothing and until now no
organization has given us anything with
almost the entire population I'd sneeze
the UN is pushing again to get the
warring parties to talks it's got to be
within weeks I don't think we can allow
it to be delayed until kind of over the
horizon because the problem with that is
and I've been reassured this week
meeting people here in New York that
people lose the narrative of peace and
once you lose the opportunity to talk
about a settlement the narrative of war
becomes dominant and that's what we must
try to get away from for now war still
dominates the narrative these are recent
airstrikes by the Saudi UAE led
coalition on what it says a Houthi
fighters in her data province near a
crucial port the Eman conflict began
with the 2014 takeover of the capital
Sanaa by the Houthis an Iranian backed
group that toppled be internationally
recognized government Saudi UAE
coalition joined in to support the
government for the past year it imposed
an almost total air and sea blockade the
UN is trying again to loosen those
restrictions I want to make an
announcement about the opening of Sunna
Airport if I can finalize that I want to
make announcements about how we can get
prisoners released both sides we made a
lot of progress since Geneva reopening
the airport will allow thousands of
people to get medical treatment overseas
and increase the flow of aid coming in
talks between the Yemeni government and
the Houthis were supposed to start three
weeks ago but the Houthis never turned
up the UN Special Envoy says he's
convinced the Houthis are ready to meet
but even if negotiations do start Martin
Griffith says he doesn't expect to get a
ceasefire ahead of them so for now
there's no prospect of any relief from
airstrikes or fighting Burnett Smith al
Jazeera Djibouti
