just hours after a state of emergency
was declared in the island nation of
maldives this port carries a prominent
opposition leader to the country's main
jail on a remote island Maamoun
Abdulkarim
which the opposition says is politically
motivated his family released a video
earlier in which he urged his supporters
not to lose hope police came to arrest
me I'm going with them I don't even know
why they are arresting me I've done
nothing wrong
or unlawful I urged people from all
thieves to be strong and stand with us
we will win Abdul Gayoom was arrested
but two judges further deepening the
political crisis it all began on
Thursday when the Supreme Court called
for the retrial of nine opposition
politicians including exiled former
president Mohamed Nasheed
judges also reinstated 12 MPs who had
lost their seats for supporting the
opposition but president Abdulla yameen
refused to comply with the ruling and
celebrations turned into protests Yamin
also declared a 15-day state of
emergency and ordered the military to
secure the Parliament building for an
indefinite period any effort to impeach
the president would be blocked by the
military and the police force so in
addition to the two judges police raided
the house of the administrative head of
the Supreme Court the court says police
didn't have enough evidence to arrest
the judicial executive president yameen
who happens to be the half-brother of
arrested leader Abdul Gayoom came to
power in 2013 that was a year after
Maldivian police and army overthrew
President Mohamed Nasheed
but in a shaky democracy president Amin
has also faced similar allegations of
becoming authoritarian and being corrupt
the Supreme Court was expected to do
favorably on a petition to impeach Amin
opposition leaders alleged the
president's loyalists made it clear that
they would not comply with such a
verdict and launched a crackdown
for now the country best known for its
tranquil beaches is struggling to deal
with yet another round of political
turmoil some of the Java of there
