deportation or indefinite detention
that's the choice facing nearly 40,000
African refugees in Israel Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls them
infiltrators is this action even legal
this is inside story
hello welcome to the program I'm Jane
Dutton they endured a dangerous and
desperate journey to escape war
persecution and hunger in their
countries tens of thousands of refugees
many from Eritrea and Sudan have
traveled through Egypt seeking a better
life in Israel but the government calls
them infiltrators and says they
threatened what it calls Israel's Jewish
character it's begun issuing deportation
orders to the tens of thousands of
African refugees and warning them either
accept money in a plane ticket home or
risk being jailed but get - I guess in a
moment but first imran khan reports from
tel-aviv
it's a common sentiment among asylum
seekers here in israel who are being
issued with deportation notices no I'm
ready to stay in a prison Mele bran
Gabriel is another man who fears for his
future he's 27 and from Eritrea after a
four-year journey which involved prison
time in Egypt and Israel he's now been
handed a deportation noticed he says the
Israelis have dismissed his asylum claim
out of hand he's being held at the whole
lot detention center where Al Jazeera
interviewed him
they don't even interviewed me I don't
know why they'd given me rejection I
just applied them that I came to here in
search of protection you know I'm not
coming here in search of work you know
the government called us illegal
immigrants the government called us in
flitters immigration experts say his
case is typical but these new notices
target people outside of the hallowed
detention center Michelle Mann Spicer
works for an organization that helps
asylum seekers and refugees in Israel we
obviously have a problem with having to
send out the refugees and asylum seekers
to Rwanda or Uganda or even leaving
Israel I mean these countries aren't
safe for them what's happened they're
going there and they're not being
allowed to stay so they go there and
research shows the research that came
out recently that they leave they get
there and then they have to start all
over again and going through countries
that are very dangerous to try and get
into situations where they can stay
because it's not safe to stay in Rwanda
and Uganda Israel has a hardline policy
the first round of deportation notices
has been issued to refugees and asylum
seekers from Eritrea and Sudan that's
about 200,000 people and they have 60
days to leave the country according to
government figures there are some 39,000
error trains and Sudanese in Israel
including 5,000 children single men are
held here at the hill otter Detention
Center and they were among the first to
receive the deportation notices others
sleep rough in parks like this one in
Tel Aviv deportation notices will not be
issued to women children fathers of
children or anyone recognized as a
victim of slavery or human trafficking
but international groups say his roles
deportation policy could be violating
international law
Imran Khan al Jazeera tel aviv for many
migrants and refugees israel is often
seen as a bridge to europe and it's
strong economy makes it appealing to
those searching for a better life
most of these refugees have fled from
war or forced military service in their
countries we're talking nearly 60,000
people who are being turned away the
israeli government says it has already
expelled about 20,000 since 2005
thousands of Africans have entered
Israel illegally through its border
crossing with Egypt but the government
has since built a wall to keep people
out and those who do make it into Israel
are not welcomed by the government well
let's bring in our guests now in West
Jerusalem we have Robbie Sabol professor
at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in
tel aviv sagal rosen head of public
policy at the tel aviv based hotline for
refugees and migrants and in geneva
William Spindler spokesman for the
United Nations High Commission for
Refugees but before we get to our panel
let's speak to an Eritrean refugees
seeking asylum in Israel his name is
technic Michael and he joins us on skype
from Tel Aviv Tech let Michael very good
to have you with us so the day has
arrived what are you going to do when
your deportation papers arrive thank you
for having me first
I have no choice I have to go to prison
instead of were to deport myself to
Rwanda or Uganda because as I said I am
asylum seeker and ask asylum Israel not
in other countries even Israel is
sending asylum seekers to ruin I'm Wanda
in the form of migrant workers not as
asylum or not other refugees so me
personally and other refugees are not
standing through Wanda or Rwanda for
safety or for we have like protection
there are something as immigrant to work
so I am here I come to Israel for asylum
not work first of all and how come you
haven't been granted asylum waiting or
in limbo for the last four years after
the government give us a chance to
summit or a signed application so the
last four years I have I get nothing for
special form as a map application I
don't know it is a question for the
government I don't have any answer for
that but I can say it is basic like
racial motivated system by the
government specifically for the people
who came from a dictatorship from
Eritrea and genocide from Sudan other
than that how have you been treated in
Israel and why is it that a country why
is it that it's a country that you want
to remain in even if it is in a jail for
the last 10 years have been welcomed by
the public not by the government the
government policies completely against
asylum seeker in general so we didn't
get any chance or system to be welcomed
it so that's why I said because the
policy of the government to deported or
to put food on in prison or in jail
that's what I chose to be in jails not
what you wanna or agonda what sort of
situation did you escape from in order
to make it to Israel and tell us a
little bit about your story and Eritrea
and your journey there I was when I was
in the area and I was imprisoned by the
entire region without any
crime without anything they put me in
prison and they forced me to the army
while I was an athlete while I was also
a student and asked them to return me
back to my education and my sport but
they refused me and they asked me to be
in the in the army if every that my my
chance is like completely different so I
run away from the meter base from the
western part of the country and the
border when I cross the border to Sudan
they catch me meet the army from my
country and they ask me where I am going
so I told them at the time I am leaving
the country and hidden Sudan and they
asked me to go with them to a prison I
told them no because I escaped from
prison escape from the worst things they
can possibly imagine and they told I
start run away from them and they start
fire to kill me three times but I
escaped and I came to Sudan
I stay in Sudan more than a year and
Sudan the same thing happened to me
because I was not safe in Sudan and I
run away from Sudan also in November
2007 I came to Egypt on November 2007
the same thing happened to me on Egypt
in Egypt yourself so I was not safe in
Sudan I was not safe in it yet so that I
was running and like hiding myself to
get safe and to get protected so that's
why in the first place I came to Israel
take let Michael thank you very much for
telling us your story and what's been
happening to you in Israel right let's
bring in our guest NASA go Rosen I
should imagine that that's a story you
hear all the time I mean what is your
response not to to what is happening
it's a very said that the government of
Israel came to a point that after a
whole decade of really treating asylum
seekers very badly we are now at the
point that is I want to deport
asylum seekers to to countries that
claim they have no agreement with Israel
and that for years during which Israel
sent already 4,000 asylum seekers to
these two countries prove that these two
countries provide them no protection at
all and just forced them to continue the
need to look for a few jets well so is
that why so many are deciding that they
would rather face jail stay in jail in
Israel then make that hazardous journey
back yes I mean now the Israeli
government is talking about forced
deportation but since 2014
Israel already sent 4000 eretrians and
Sudanese to ganda and Wanda under these
secret agreements so it is a well known
fact by now when all asylum seekers in
Israel know that these two countries
provide them no status and they have no
possibility to stay there and this is
why people say if we have no other
choice we understand the Israeli prison
then go to another journey that might
end with our death William spended not a
happy picture is it no we are very
concerned about this policy and we have
spoken out against it our main concern
is that people who have already risked
their lives to arrive in Israel as we
heard are now sent to countries where
where they cannot find protection and
they will be forced to make again long
dangerous journeys risking their lives
dying in some cases and this is
something that we have been able to
verify recently when we interviewed
about 80 asylum seekers from Eritrea in
Italy who had been transferred under
this policy by Israel to African
countries and who then traveled through
countries at war risk their lives in
places like Libya and then crossed the
Mediterranean to find finally safety in
Italy and yet knowing this the
government is pushing this on to them
what sort of conversation do you have
with the government we are in constant
communication with the government we
have in the past cooperated closely with
Israeli authorities to
resettle refugees out of israel to other
countries and we have offered again to
to do the same thing to find solutions
for these people what we want is
something that works for everybody that
provides safety those who are fleeing
war persecution human rights violations
and at the same time works to help
Israel in the integration of refugees in
that country Israel has an obligation to
provide protection to people fleeing war
and persecution we think that most of
those eretrians and Sudanese who are in
Israel are refugees they they they they
meet the criteria for the refugee
definition and therefore Israel has an
obligation to provide that protection
but we stand ready to help Israel find
alternative solutions for some of these
refugees we say well why does Israel not
want to look at these
alternates excuse me jumping in here
when these alternative solutions posed
by the UNHCR for example and is this
action even legal it is legal Israel
like all other democratic states is
obliged not to send a refugee to a
country where there's a well-founded
fear that we'll be persecuted because of
his race religion or political views and
Israel abides by this therefore we are
not sending people back to Sudan
Vinson's with although they came from
Sudan however it's perfectly legal to
send to other countries who are willing
to accept them Israel does this other
countries do it it's a tragedy of these
African refugees but is tiny as well
can't solve the problem
Israel's Romani purely because it's
covered their race and their religion
the fact that they are not Jewish that
they are black migrant no in the last in
the last two years we've deported
I believe 10,000 Ukrainian
and they're not black in other words
these people enter the country illegally
when they were in Israel we provide them
with the necessary protection but we're
not obliged to absorb them and no
country is there's no country in the
world that says we will absorb all
African refugees no country and
certainly not I need not certainly tiny
as well to countries where they are
facing
weather or situation where they are not
being looked after where they being
kicked out and they have to go back on
that hazardous journey Israel knows that
the legal legal quarter enos you cannot
send them to a country where they'll be
person there's a well-founded fear as I
said they're being persecuted because of
their religion or race or something but
you can send them to a country that may
not be as prosperous as Germany we don't
have to Germany's not when you to accept
them but these are Africans they're
there we provide them with a large sum
of money to help them settle down I
agree they might prefer to go to Italy
but that's up to Italy Israel how is
perfectly entitled not to allow people
who entered illegally to stay in the
country again provided that we don't
send them to countries where they'll be
persecuted by the way most of the people
who come are escaping military service
this is not does not come within the
definition of somebody being persecuted
prosecuted or persecuted for his
personal views people to go jumping you
want to say to me yes yes well first of
all all Western countries agree that the
National Service evaded form Eritrea
they are recognized by refugees quote
around the world recognized them as
refugees because they will be persecuted
if they return to the country and this
is exactly the definition of the refugee
and therefore it is not correct to say
that just because there are national
service or army Vedas they should not
receive a Fiji status in addition Israel
sent them to two countries Wanda and
Uganda a problem with these countries is
not that there are poor African
countries the problem is that they do
not grant them status a ganda provide
refugee status to millions of people but
not to
the trainer's who come from Israel and
this is our main problem and concern
because the agreements are secret and we
are now asking why this agreement are
secret and in addition these countries
denied the reason that there is even an
agreement both Wanda in Uganda claimed
they have no secret agreement with
Israel and they keep on repeating that
they refuse to accept asylum seekers by
force so how dare Israel is sent it's
extremely small number of refugees and
we are now talking about 34,000 every
trans and Sudanese we are sending them
to two poor countries who will have to
handle a much much larger number of
refugees and they even don't admit that
they agree to accept these people by
force so I totally disagree with
everything you have said and Robbie can
I just bring up something you meant a
little bit earlier on about Israel being
a democracy and and how its operating at
the moment I mean Israel prides itself
or likes to boast about being the only
democracy in the region but if you look
at the Arab countries surrounding Israel
in the region they don't turn back
refugees I mean look at Jordan look at
Lebanon for example look at the
treatment of the Palestinians by the
Israelis that flies in the face of
democracy doesn't it as well as absorbed
millions of refugees the AB Jordan by
the way I agree Jordan is available and
they're absorbing our refugees Lebanon
is absorbing at we've absorbed Jewish
refugees but can I come back to another
issue escaping military service is not
being persecuted because of your
religious views or political views you
know we know the military says the
service that's what Seagal was laying
out there is that is that know if I
would scenario there but if somebody
wants to escape Russia Martian military
group other countries have conscription
who try and escape it that not doesn't
mean you're being persecuted because
your views in other words Israel accepts
the fact that somebody who was being
persecuted because he belongs to a
certain tribe or religion we will not
return him to the country was like to be
persecuted the fact that he's escaped
military service doesn't turn him into a
refugee under the
nevertheless we're not sending them back
to Eritrea we're sending back to African
countries that are willing to accept
them and be given them a payment but
Israel cannot absorb all these refugees
I know it would be nice if I could say
yes all the refugees from Africa wish to
can come and live in as well I'm a favor
a tiny little state we can't do it
William what is the problem here I mean
is there a feeling that that Jews are
not welcome in Israel now it doesn't
matter I mean so non-jews are not
welcome in Israel now doesn't matter
what sort of persecution they're facing
at home how do you deal with this I
guess
racism as well in your work and when you
are talking to the government well until
2012 the Israeli authorities were
granting humanitarian status to
eretrians and Sudanese but then the
policy changed and since then very few
if any eretrians or all Sudanese have
been recognized as refugees I think 10
eretrians have been recognized as
refugees in Israel and one Sudanese we
would expect with the situation in those
countries what it is the recognition
rate for these nationalities to be much
higher in Europe for example eretrians
are 90 percent of asylum seekers from
Eritrea are recognized as refugees on
average in in European countries so we
would expect Israel to have a much
higher recognition rate for eretrians
the same goes for Sudanese of course
each case has to be looked at
individually at its individual
circumstances but we have concerns about
these very low recognition rates and the
fact that Israel is not letting many of
these people apply for asylum in in in
Israel we are also concerned about the
new policy to send
people who have not applied for asylum
to countries in Africa because we think
that people will not find protection
once we once they get there and they
will be forced to move around looking
for protection and risking their lives
in that way which is a little bit more
deal with these African countries we
know that Rwanda is definitely one of
them I mean what is it
I mean is it a case of money is it a
case of corruption the fact that they're
taking refugees migrants that that
another country that doesn't want to
look after I'm not an expert on African
relations but as far as I know the
wonder has a reputation for being a
liberal country and absorbing refugees
not only for miserable from other
countries it's welcome refugees from its
neighboring countries and it's willing
to accept people from Israel provided
they they're willing to go and the
people have to now have been willing to
go they'd be provided some sums to help
them again I should point out that even
a refugee is somebody who recognizes
refugee there's no and I'm no obligation
to absorb them the only thing you can do
is not na no element you cannot send
them back to countries whether we
prosecute it but even if somebody is a
refugee no country is obliged to grant
an citizenship and very few companies do
in other words why don't you live in
your country them into society
considering how many workers Israel does
take on to help out why don't you absorb
these workers and the majority of them
want to work the majority of them are
working already it's a it's a legitimate
it's a legitimate question when there
were small numbers is always doing this
the moment it became known that Israel
was absorbing them we began receive
enormous numbers when and every country
is liberal most countries are liberal
when it's small numbers many large
numbers we had to say I'm sorry we
cannot absorb them in other words when
there's a few thousand Israel did this
moment we Baptist began receiving and
there were months we receiving tens of
thousands a month we could no longer
absorb it again look at the size of
Israel how many refugees can we absorb
and here is well had to say I'm sorry we
feel sorry for them we'll help you
financially we cannot be the saloon
through terrible conditions that exist
in parts of Africa okay Sego a lot of
them are not going to leave we we heard
from our guest on Iran that again that
they would rather choose jail than being
sent home I'm just wondering what
options you have now what's of
conversation are you having I mean there
have been protests on the street many
israelis many jews are angry and upset
about this way to from here to make sure
that there are looks after well first of
all a lot of Israelis are protesting
against the government plan to deport
refugees genuine refugees to two
countries that it is well known they
don't absorb them I was listening and
hearing that they Wanda in Uganda a
hosting refugees yes they do host
refugees other African refugees they
refuse to accept refugees from Israel
and we see it for the last four years
this is why no one stayed this is why
all signup seekers who run away from
Israel found themselves in other places
or drowned in the sea on the way to
Europe we are doing our best to convince
the government of Israel that there are
many Israelis voters who care about
these asylum seekers who want them to
stay with us who don't want to send them
back to to send them to places where
their life might be in danger in
addition we hope we still hope that the
High Court of Justice will assist us in
persuading the Israeli government that
what it's doing is illegal and it is
illegal it is totally illegal to send an
asylum seeker a refugee that Israel
didn't check his request to a country
that doesn't grant him any status that
forced him to continue risking his life
and trying to find a refuge elsewhere
we are hopeful that we will be
successful
sagal rosen with those final words thank
you very much thank you to to Robbie
Sabo and William Spindler and thank you
for watching as always you can see the
program again any time by visiting our
website aljazeera.com and for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter handle is at AJ inside story
mine is at Jane done tonight
you
