meet hunson Cambodia's Prime Minister
just last week he celebrated his 33rd
year in power and in July he will face a
6th election after losing a significant
share of the vote to the opposition in
2013 he and his ruling party the CPP are
no longer leaving much to chance in the
last few months they have systematically
silenced our critics and the news
outlets carrying their messages in
August a dozen radio stations still a
significant medium for those in a
countryside had their licenses suspended
for carrying programs produced by US
government funded broadcasters RFA Radio
Free Asia and VOA Voice of America Radio
especially a Radio Free Asia or other
independent radio contribute
significantly to the results of the
elections in Cambodia we report the
truth and the truth really hurts
the government we broadcast for example
about deforestation and those
businessmen who are conducting the
deforestation are the children nephews
nieces the government official and that
really make the government really really
unhappy with us they saw them as a media
that support the opposition party these
kinds of media bring a lot of things and
then the Prime Minister began his power
and then his interests and of course the
broadcast a lot of true you know
political sedation so to least connect
those people from the radio is a
significant thing
and it's not just radio in September the
Cambodia daily a newspaper known for its
fervent criticism of the government was
forced to print its final pages
journalists believe it's their content
the authorities are taking issue with
but the government is sticking to its
line look the case of the Kambo daily or
regular free Asia they not abide by the
law of the sovereign state they not pay
tax and if you live in a civilized
nation invasion is a crime Trump top tax
charges close your suspensions these are
just some of the tactics in Hansen's
media playbook
the arrests of numerous reporters
usually on charges of treason or
attempts to overthrow the government has
forced many journalists to flee the
country and scared those who remain into
silence case in point a journalist we
spoke to at the Phnom Penh post one of
the few remaining outlets that still
offers criticism of the government the
post consistently calls the current
situation a media crackdown but once in
front of our camera the reporter whose
identity we chose to disguise told a
different story
Cambodia I think it's yes country it's
evidence that there is some degree of
self-censorship being practiced at the
moment because the prompt and post of
course knows that it's fully possible
that its operations will be made to stop
as well and it isn't just those inside
Cambodia when sent scare tactics have
proven effective well beyond the
country's borders even interviewees we
approached outside Cambodia were very
reluctant to speak to us Cambodia is
going through a huge transformation at
the moment and we just don't know yet
where the lines will be drawn between
what can be said and what can not be
said and in that situation the most
rational thing to do is to be very
cautious people at the moment are just
sort of holding their breath if you
there
criticize the government who dare to
speak the truth you have to leave the
country for fear of arrests and
persecution
I myself have to leave the country and
the government issue arrest warrant
against me I cannot return to Cambodia
with the space for traditional media
shrinking one online platform has
offered an alternative Facebook a recent
study by the Asia Foundation found that
the network has since 2016 become
Cambodians go-to source for the news but
in October last year Facebook chose
Cambodia as one of six countries to
participate in an experiment in which
content from news publishers was pushed
away from people's news feeds into a
separate explore section unless they
were prepared to pay to promote it the
effect was tangible when Facebook were
that its Explorer experiment in October
people were very concerned the fear was
that you would have a very biased
situation where most independent media
would be pushed onto the Explorer field
and then as a media perhaps where the
financial resources would still be able
to put their contents on the newsfeed
the Facebook Explorer field really
affect ever show I think ever rich to
Cambodian Audion anything we post on our
page it doesn't show to regular account
we have seen decrease in the number of
people following every news
the Facebook experiment played right
into the hands of the prime minister who
seemed set on taking down who u.s.
funded media outlets from the outset
ever since in 2013 election his party
has accused these outlets of being part
of an American conspiracy to topple the
government the irony is the CPP has long
been dependent on the US for aids but
those funds come with strings attached
preserving media freedoms for example
not Freedoms hoon Sen has been
particularly happy to embrace the
government never you know why you the
democracy they never value freedom of
median price which is value how so
election democracy is just only a game
to attract foreign eggs only it's not a
real commitment to democracy a
commitment to democracy that Prime
Minister Hun Sen no longer needs to
comply with thanks to a willing new
partner China when he closed down
Cambodia deli and thread at a media he
keep raising the relationship it had the
China probably the government tried to
send message to the US government that
I'm not afraid of you you know you are
not my boss this is my country I think
the message is very clear the Cambodian
government has broken with the West
basically they've broken with a two
decades or Western efforts to implant
liberal democracy in the country
Cambodia's turn away from the West has
been enabled by China's full political
and economic support
I think this argument is just childish
if you don't want to play with me I've
laid it out there I just want to clarify
on this because a lot of people they
misunderstood this if you live there of
the country like I said you want to have
a good friend with the US you also one
have a good friend with China
but if China's own record on press
freedom is anything to go by the new
relationship between Phnom Penh and
Beijing does not bode well for the
cambodian journalists silenced and the
media outlets shut down and voters in
the run-up to a crucial election are
getting less and less news and
information just away from Sam
