it was in this house in the 'mo'lympic
district of Brussels that Salah Abdeslam
was arrested in March 2016 the only
surviving suspect to the Paris attacks
the previous November Abdeslam spent
four months on the run hiding in places
not far from his family home a few days
before being caught he was involved in a
shootout with police in another part of
the Belgian capital his trial will
examine his role in the crime
after slam is also linked to the bombers
who attacked Brussels four days after
his arrest nearly two years on the
Belgian government has load the threat
level but analysts say Europe remains a
target shows us where the unique another
attack is always possible whether it's
by ISIL or Al Qaeda or another radical
Islamic group Europe is still targeted
by these organizations what has changed
though is that since I saw lost
territory in Iraq and Syria it has lost
some ability to train people to commit
attacks in Europe but it is still
possible that they'll be able to do it
again police say many of those involved
in the Paris and Brussels attacks had
links to Malin Beck people here are fed
up with the unwanted attention Salah
Abdeslam grew up in Muhlenberg but he is
a French citizen and since his arrest
here he has been kept in solitary
confinement in a prison in France after
the trial here in Brussels he will
return to France to wait for another
trial over his alleged role into the
Paris attacks 130 people were killed in
Paris when attackers targeted a football
stadium cafes and a rock concert
Philippe de perros son Thomas was killed
that night now the head of the victims
Association he feels compelled to attend
AB de slums trial table if you don't
it's important for us to be at this
trial because it's the first trial for
Salah Abdeslam he's facing the Belgian
justice system the charges against him
in this case in Belgium aren't directly
linked to the November the 13th Paris
attacks it's true but for us
is a link to this man to Sela Abdeslam
Belgium's federal prosecutor says the
trial could shed more light on the
assailants who planned the Paris and
Brussels attacks whether the court will
learn more from Abdeslam himself is
unclear since his arrest he's refused to
speak to interrogators Natasha Butler al
Jazeera Brussels Belgium
