at cosmides International Airport this
is what happens every day 1600 people
mostly young men leave Nepal to work in
Gulf countries and Malaysia with an
unemployment rate hovering around 40%
many Nepali say they have no choice but
to lead the country and many fall into
the traps of unscrupulous middlemen
billion atomic went to Qatar to work in
the food and beverage industry he failed
a medical test in Nepal but the local
agents told him that they would fix it
the cost of his trip including flights
and bribes added up to $2,500 but when
he reached Qatar here to do the medical
tests again it ready after they did the
test they sent me back I ended up with
no job in debts Brunner alleges the
middlemen paid off Nepali officials
including airport authorities the
Commerce Department of foreign
employment received more than 2000
complaints from laborers during the last
fiscal year
these include everything from
non-payment of salaries fraud illegal
wage reductions in zorbing fees and
physical and sexual abusers by foreign
employment agents and middlemen and
according to government figures 755
Nepal EES died while working abroad each
worker has to deposit 15 dollars to the
government's foreign employment welfare
fund before they leave
but even employment agencies say that
the money has not been spent on those
who need it with this process
recruitment agencies have deposited more
than 50 million dollars in the fund we
can do so much of the workers but the
government is not using this fund
properly but government officials say
it's up to the Ministry of Labour to
decide who gets compensated we can use
the funds for compensating workers
who've gone through legal channels with
the recruiting agencies registered with
us we can't help many other workers even
if we wanted to the Ministry of Labour
has to make the right policy and decide
on how to use that money Nepal's foreign
workers sent back six billion dollars
this past year alone which amounts to
almost a third of the country's GDP
experts say the government has to have
better regulations of the sector to
ensure that the labour
are safe instead many have accused
politicians and bureaucrats with close
ties to the industry of collusion with
agents and middlemen to defraud workers
sabina shrestha al jazeera Kathmandu
