on board the 5:15 train from dakar to
chess most passengers are on their way
home after a long day of work in the
city the 15 minutes journey home always
seems a bit longer than the morning
commute
after years riding this train one so has
learned to enjoy this moment free from
distractions I get time for myself here
but I Drive to work it would take me at
least four hours and I'd be stuck in
traffic trains are still the quickest
safest and cheapest way to travel they
call it the Little Blue Train the
locomotive was bought from Pakistan the
wagons from India the parts were brought
to Senegal and refurbished in the 1970s
it's the only passenger train left in
Senegal all the other lines including
the historic train to Mali were
abandoned because they were too costly
to run much to the frustration of
commuters and railway unions alike
privatizing the railway lines was the
clear mistake our country cannot grow
without developing its railway system
but now we are excited with the step
Senegal and other states are taking the
African Union has an ambitious plan to
connect the port of Dakar in the West to
the port of Djibouti in Eastern Africa
linking ten countries many of them
landlocked it's called the trams African
railway project there are seven thousand
eight hundred kilometers of unfinished
railway the tracks alone will cost
thirteen billion dollars to build it's
an enormous amount each country is
tasked with finding its own financing
for their part of the railway Chinese
companies have signed deals to rebuild
former colonial rail lines that were
abandoned by the French both in Dakar
and in Djibouti it's the start of an
epic engineering project that will take
years to build and promises thousands of
jobs across the continent
there are no roads or highways
connecting the west of Africa to the
east nor is there a direct flight
between Dakar and Djibouti in fact no
one has ever tried to connect both
coasts of Africa
neither the French nor the British the
former colonial powers construction
hasn't started yet but the prospect of
reopening these century-old tracks has
got many excited and hopeful abandoned
train station may get a new lease on
life and for the many passengers like so
who use this everyday it may not be the
end of the line for the 5:15 train from
Dakar Nicholas Hawke al Jazeera chess
Senegal
