Allah Akbar this is a Russian fighter
jet shot down by opposition forces the
pilot manages to eject but he didn't
survive for these Syrian fighters it's a
huge symbolic victory Russia and the
Syrian government have intensified their
bombardment of Idlib province over the
last two months government forces are
slowly capturing territory in the south
and what is the last remaining Syrian
province under full rebel control
they're inching closer to the city of
Soraka which lies on a strategic road
linking the Northwest all the way to the
capital Damascus territory that is now
almost fully under government control
and in Syria's complex web of regional
and international allegiances some say
this offensive has been well planned and
has further implications I mean there
are some people who are in fact
wondering if there is a tacit agreement
between the Russians and the Turks
whereas the Russians would actually give
a green light for the Turks to act in
green against that the Kurds in exchange
for the Russians the regime and such an
allies actually to capture parts of this
of this the governor late of it that
mainly the road between the mask and
that offensive against the Kurdish
control district of a frame is now into
its third week
Turkey's backing fighters from the Free
Syrian army against the Kurdish people
protection units or YPG turkey considers
the YPG a terrorist organization even
though it's the United States his most
effective
ally in fighting ISIL Turkey has been
intensely shelling areas there is a base
just right behind us and this is in line
with what politicians here are saying
the first phase of this operation the
aim is to push the YPG away from its
borders
all along that border a steady stream of
military movement vehicles ammunition
and buses packed with Syrian FSA
fighters this is a very visible
operation but it's also a difficult one
the YPG know the terrain well and they
have been preparing for this
it's the latest frontline in a war that
year after year simply changes its form
and never seems to end Stephanie Decker
al Jazeera on the turkey-syria border
