a father's fury his target the man who
sexually abused his three daughters I
would ask you to as part of the
sentencing to grant me five minutes you
know that I can't do that that's not how
it goes the man he wanted to get his
hands on his Larry Nasser former Olympic
gymnastics doctor in a convicted serial
child molester I'm possibly the last
child he will ever assault Nasser was
accused of assaulting more than 250
girls and women while he's faced justice
the organisation's he's worked for have
largely escaped
any punishment we need to hold these
organizations accountable USA Gymnastics
United States Olympic Committee MSU they
need an independent investigation new
allegations less than a week before the
start of the 2018 Winter Games describe
how USA Gymnastics emailed u.s. Olympic
Committee security chief Larry Boone
Dorf detailing sexual misconduct
accusations against Nasser a year before
they were made public they've engaged in
a cover-up of the worst child molester
perhaps in American history Brianne
Randall Gay reported Nasser to police in
2004 eleven years before he was fired
from USA Gymnastics this week she
received a long-awaited apology I want
to start first of all with the most
important reason we're here and that's
to apologize on behalf of the community
our Police Department
- you Breanna we failed you we let you
down
back at the court Randall Hargreaves the
father who lunged at Nasser apologized
for his behavior he said he came to
court not to upstage his three daughters
but to help them heal
John Hendren al-jazeera
