they came to the conference of beat
hoping donor countries would take the
right steps and pledge more money to
children's education because 234 million
children worldwide are out of school
half of them are young girls Julia
Gillard is a former Australian Prime
Minister she heads the Global Education
Partnership
a platform to mobilize funds to get
children back to school she says funding
from donor countries has stagnated in
some areas of Africa it's dropped here
we are trying to get the world community
to say let's solve the global learning
crisis let's get the quarter of a
billion children who today are not in
school into school and let's lift the
quality of education for hundreds of
millions more who are in schooling but
but don't learn to read or write or do
any maths because the quality currently
is so poor world and African leaders
came to the stage promising to make
education a priority in the audience our
children affected by the education
deficit here and their advocates among
them visually impaired nafisa Babu from
South Africa she says these are all
empty promises situation for girls
where they are married early or they are
not human the opportunity to learn where
the same situation again but room with
disabilities who will be excluded from
education they won't have a lot of
trained enough trained teachers
in the classroom throughout the fit of
quality teachers the global education
partnerships goal was to raise four
billion dollars for the next three years
with a commitment of 2.3 billion dollars
the pledges have increased but they're
still short of the target big promises
like these have been made before but
have been left unfulfilled
now African and other developing
countries are stepping in to ensure that
their children can go to school more
than fifty developing countries
announced they would increase their
public expenditure for education to 110
billion dollars this is an unprecedented
move developing countries are
increasingly less dependent on Western
donor agencies and this for many of this
conference is worth celebrating
nicholas hawk al jazeera at the car
