hello I'm Richard gisbert and you're at
the listening post here are some of the
media stories we've been tracking this
week both Russia and Cambodia have
elections upcoming it's not a great time
to be an opposition figure or journalist
in either having difficulty getting
followers on Twitter that's okay just
buy some more journalists have been
arrested in Turkey over a story the
government's clearly sensitive about and
the alternative swearing-in ceremony in
Nairobi that was meant to send a
political message russia's presidential
election takes place about six weeks
from now the Kremlin has been clamping
down on critical voices and as the
opposition politician at the heart of
this story Alexei Navalny will tell you
there's nothing particularly subtle
about the government's tactics Navalny
was arrested last weekend his YouTube
based channel was shut down in the
middle of a broadcast
he was probably banking on the attention
that he gets from global news outlets
international coverage along with his
online following have been central to
navall these media strategy as the
Kremlin has steadily tightened the
screws on domestic news outlets over the
past few years ownership of mass media
in Russia has shifted almost entirely
into the hands of the Kremlin's allies
Moscow has also blocked access to VPNs
the virtual private networks that
allowed citizens to circumvent
censorship online and a new law is in
the works that would require some
journalists and bloggers to register as
foreign agents it's no wonder that the
loudest voices in Russia these days are
those who call President Vladimir Putin
a national Savior our starting point
this week is Moscow
not to sell Alexei Navalny short but his
arrest last weekend in Moscow does not
really fall under the category of
breaking news in Russian it's the fourth
time Navalny s been arrested since
calling for a boycott of a presidential
election in which he has been banned
from running
both his arrest and the storming of his
foundations YouTube studio in mid
broadcast were tailor-made moments for
the meet dobra ultra insurance was
multi-generational guys now a new life
Domino is programa teacher
that sound you hear is a chainsaw the
police playing their part in the news
spectacle this particular video is
pretty dramatic
during the conversation that the hosts
are having while the police is trying to
break through the door they're calling
themselves journalists but you're
working for a politician and this is a
political channel probably you're not
really a journalist this whole video
falls into Alexei Navalny z' campaign
strategy he knows if he goes out he will
probably be arrested and the footage
that you saw was done quite
professionally you see two young girls
looking at him with admiration as if he
were some celebrity this is an
opportunity to mobilize supporters and
perhaps acquire new ones because if he
doesn't produce media events you will
disappear the politician it's also an
opportunity to show one more time to the
global community that the leader of a
protest has been arrested and isolated
and when the Western media covers the
arrests it helps him build his image
overseas
somebody has to cover Alexey Navalny
since Russian news outlets owned or
controlled by the Kremlin have
effectively blackballed him Western news
organizations however have never met a
Russian dissident they didn't like is it
worth your life because there is a big
target on you no question whether it's a
soviet-era Sakharov or a solider net
senator or a Navalny today your position
they tend to give the Navalny story the
surface treatment
the one time blogger the anti-corruption
crusade who bypassed probe Putin news
media by using social media to take on
the Kremlin where the foreign coverage
tends to fall short though is the
Navalny backstory is past rotations with
Russian nationalist movements in 2007 he
likened Muslims to insects in 2008 it
was George's he called them rodents and
said they should all be deported from
Russia and in 2013 he publicly backed
nationalist skinheads who attacked
immigrants that used to be one of the
main points of but he tried to shift
more to mainstream liberal values so I
don't think that West media didn't
notice some nationalistic ideas they
just don't write about this now because
he doesn't say anything mystic anymore
nobody his base of support is not in
Moscow it is not in Russia but it is
mostly in the West among American
government officials among American
media and some European governments that
believe that his political activities in
Russia benefit them and that is why in
the Western media and the valley is
presented as a martyr but the reality is
that the government in Russia is quite
lenient when it comes to no one and his
supporters
because even though Vladimir Putin has
authoritarian tendencies his government
applies them quite selective politically
that means a dissident like Alexei
Navalny gets arrested frequently but is
never locked up for long
the Kremlin takes a similar approach to
the news media again it can act in
authoritarian ways but falls somewhere
short of being dictatorial the first
came to power in 2000 was arresting the
owner of individual he obtained control
over TV pretty quickly then he took
control over the biggest internet
newspapers like petrol enter ooh
but then social networks became very
important and he faced problem that he
cannot just close Facebook so this is
the biggest challenge now for the
Kremlin as kloster cooks best of thing
there is a cluster of media outlets that
the state directly influences in terms
of editorial policy Channel One and Vega
Turki for example both of which a
state-owned channels then there are
media outlets owned by large businesses
that are loyal to the state this
includes channel 5 is vesti ax and Ren
TV there is no doubt that there are
lists of people like Navalny who are
banned from appearing on these channels
and then there are oppositional media
such as Novaya Gazeta mediazona and
medusa which take the counter position
more and media executives have developed
an internal system of values where they
self censor over what kinds of things
they can and cannot say otherwise they
wouldn't keep their jobs but still if
you are not a very big informational
source if less than 1 million viewers
per month usually they will allow you to
exist
there's a reason for that Vladimir Putin
understands that he does not need to
control all of the Russian news media
just the bulk of it
the major plays which is why for the
most part the Kremlin leaves newspapers
alone knowing that print journalism is
nowhere near as influential as
television and by tolerating the
existence of an independently minded
radio station like echo Moscow or a
relatively small critical television
outlet dodged there is just enough media
plurality in Russia for the government's
defenders to say things like this in
support government positions there are
opposition magazines and newspapers
there are opposition radio stations
nobody has access to newspapers and
magazines he has access to radio he has
access to the channel for example and
despite all that we see in the last few
months in the last year that he has not
been able to garner significant support
with Alexei Navalny effectively
neutralized that clears the way for
Russian mainstream media outlets to
focus on the job at hand which is
casting Vladimir Putin the president who
stood up to the West during the showdown
over Ukraine as the savior that Russia
and Russians could canoe Crimea will
emit some the fruit of corruption
how because of immigration because it's
explained like invasion of Muslims they
try to explain that Russia is the only
one island in the Oh
of prices economy and values
Putin film business the one with
defending us from this invasion there is
a specific narrative that they are
trying to push right now there is this
documentary about Putin restoring an
Asian monastery in Valon in the northern
part of Russia Russia season and the
message of this story is to try to
combine some sort of religious narrative
and Putin's ability to restore justice
to bring order and to show him as this
national Savior so that sort of
religious sentiment that plays here is
something that the Kremlin is trying to
exploit that added religious element
suggests that after all these years
Russian news outlets are still managing
to find new ways to showcase Vladimir
Putin as far as most of the mainstream
media are concerned this story is about
a national Savior He Who Must Not Be
questioned against a flawed outsider he
who must not be mentioned it's no
contest and that's just how the Kremlin
likes
we're discussing other media stories
that are on our radar today with one of
our producers Flo Phillips Flo the
Turkish government has made another
series of arrests journalists are among
those being held what exactly are they
accused of yes so this most recent
crackdown is much like many others in
Turkey it's all about quote silencing
the spread of terrorist propaganda
Turkey's interior minister announced the
arrest of more than 300 people including
politicians activists and at least four
journalists but all written social media
posts criticizing the government's
attacks on the Kurdish YPG militia in
the Syrian province of a preen the news
outlets affected are the mesopotamian
news agency RT TV the online independent
newspaper t 24 and the leftist online
paper halc√≥n nab zee Turkey has a track
record of arbitrary arrests especially
since the failed coup in 2016 what's
driving this latest round while Ankara
seems determined to control the media
narrative on what it calls operation
olive branch the military campaign was
launched with the goal of quote crushing
the Kurdish militia the YPG the
government in ankara claimed the YPG has
ties to the PKK a Kurdish separatist
movement that the ruling AK Party calls
a terrorist group the majority of media
outlets in Turkey who are increasingly
pro-government have supported the
intervention in Syria but the government
is clearly uneasy about any dissent that
might derail its campaign the other
story you're looking into is an expose
of a company that is alleged to sell
followers on Twitter a so-called
follower factory first of all who broke
that story the New York Times so they've
published an extensive comprehensive
investigation really lifting the lid
unveiling a whole world of fake social
media accounts and the companies behind
them the report revolves around one
specific company
Davo me which sells Twitter followers to
businesses celebrities even politicians
the way it works is that da Booma
creates fake accounts on Twitter and
these BOTS can then be automated to
follow retweet even like to boomys
clients posts but this is not just about
popularity for popularity sake for
celebrities and other so-called online
influencers more followers mean
more money according to the data company
captivate an influencer with a million
followers can actually earn twenty
thousand dollars for a single tweet
promoting a brand or product sure but
how widespread a problem are we talking
about here and what if anything is being
done to fix it
well what's become clear is that the
sale and use of Twitter bots is now
pretty common
The Times report quoted estimates
putting the percentage of fake Twitter
accounts as high as fifteen percent and
that de Bhumi itself has sold more than
two hundred million followers in total
though the company's founder does deny
his company has actually sold any fake
followers among the rumors customers
named in the investigation are a CNN
contributor Hilary Rosen and an editor
at the Chinese state-run news agency
Xinhua as for what's being done about
her hobby hot sir is not very much
although Twitter's Terms of Use clearly
state that users are not allowed to buy
followers the company's value is
directly linked to the number of Twitter
accounts in circulation so you can
really see why it might choose not to be
particularly vigilant in dealing with
these fake accounts okay thanks for
Cambodia is another country with an
election coming up the vote is five
months away and it was conceivable that
the government of hoon Sen the world's
longest-serving Prime Minister could
have lost its parliamentary majority
but Cambodians are now seeing a
concerted campaign to silence opposition
figures NGOs and news outlets that
refuse to toe the official line three
months ago the government dissolved the
main opposition party arrested its
leader on charges of treason which
prompted more than half of the
opposition's MPs to flee the country
multiple media outlets both on the
airwaves and in print have been forced
to shut down over tax evasion charges
that journalists say have been
manufactured to silence voices of
dissent the listening-posts johanna
who's now on the state of democracy in
cambodia and an information blackout
that is by government design
meet hunson Cambodia's Prime Minister
just last week he celebrated his 33rd
year in power and in July he will face a
6th election after losing a significant
share of the vote to the opposition in
2013 he and his ruling party the CPP are
no longer leaving much to chance in the
last few months
they have systematically silenced our
critics and the news outlets carrying
their messages in August a dozen radio
stations still a significant medium for
those in a countryside had their license
is suspended for carrying programs
produced by US government funded
broadcasters RFA Radio Free Asia and VOA
Voice of America Radio especially a
Radio Free Asia or other independent
radio contribute significantly to the
results of the elections in Cambodia we
report the truth and the truth really
hurts the government we broadcast for
example about deforestation and those
businessmen who are conducting the
deforestation are the children nephews
nieces the government official and that
really made the government really really
unhappy with us they saw them as a media
that support the opposition party these
kinds of media bring a lot of things and
then the Prime Minister began his power
again his interests and of course the
broadcast a lot of true
you know political sedation so to
disconnect those people from the radio
is a significant thing
and it's not just radio in September the
Cambodia daily a newspaper known for its
fervent criticism of the government was
forced to print its final pages
journalists believe it's their content
the authorities are taking issue with
but the government is sticking to its
line look the case of the Campbell daily
or regular Free Asia they not abide by
the law of the sovereign state they not
pay tax and if you live in a civilized
nation invasion is a crime
Trump top tax charges close your
suspensions these are just some of the
tactics in Hansen's media playbook the
arrests of numerous reporters usually on
charges of treason or attempts to
overthrow the government has forced many
journalists to flee the country and
scared those who remain into silence
case in point a journalist we spoke to
at the Phnom Penh post one of the few
remaining outlets that still offers
criticism of the government the post
consistently calls the current situation
a media crackdown but once in front of
our camera the reporter whose identity
we chose to disguise told a different
story
Cambodia I think is Thea's country or
maybe it's evidence that there is some
degree of self-censorship being
practiced at the moment because the
prompt and post of course knows that
it's fully possible that its operations
will be made
as well and it isn't just those inside
Cambodia who sent scare tactics have
proven effective well beyond the
country's borders even interviewees we
approached outside Cambodia were very
reluctant to speak to us Cambodia is
going through a huge transformation at
the moment and we just don't know yet
where the lines will be drawn between
what can be said and what can not be
said and in that situation the most
rational thing to do is to be very
cautious people at the moment are just
sort of holding their breath if you they
are too pretty side the government there
to speak the truth you have to leave the
country for fear of arrests and
persecution I myself have to leave the
country and the government issue arrest
warrant against me I cannot return to
Cambodia with the space for traditional
media shrinking one online platform has
offered an alternative Facebook a recent
study by the Asia Foundation found that
the network has since 2016 become
Cambodians go-to source for the news but
in October last year Facebook chose
Cambodia as one of six countries to
participate in an experiment in which
content from news publishers was pushed
away from people's newsfeeds into a
separate explore section unless they
were prepared to pay to promote it the
effect was tangible when Facebook wrote
that its Explorer experiment in October
people were very concerned the fear was
that you would have a very biased
situation where most independent media
would be pushed onto the Explorer field
and then as a media perhaps with the
financial resources would still be able
to put that contents on the newsfeed the
Facebook Explorer feed really affects
ever show forever
rich to Cambodian Audion anything we
post on our page it doesn't show to
regular account we have seen decrease in
the number of people following every
news
the Facebook experiment played right
into the hands of the prime minister who
seemed set on taking down who u.s.
funded media outlets from the outset
ever since of 2013 election his party
has accused these outlets of being part
of an American conspiracy to topple the
government the irony is the CPP has long
been dependent on the US for aids but
those funds come with strings attached
preserving media freedoms for example
not freedoms and sin has been
particularly happy to embrace the
government never you know why you the
democracy they never value freedom of
median price which is why you haven't so
election democracy just only a game to
attract foreign eggs only is not a real
commitment to democracy a commitment to
democracy that Prime Minister Hun Sen no
longer needs to comply with thanks to a
willing new partner China when he closed
down Cambodia deli and thread at a media
he keep raising the relationship we've
had the China probably the government
tried to send message to the US
government that I'm not afraid of you
you know you are not my boss this is my
country I think the message is very
clear the Cambodian government has
broken with the West basically they've
broken with the two decades of Western
efforts to implant liberal democracy in
the country Cambodia's turn away from
the West has been enabled by China's
full political and economic support
I think this argument is just childish
if you don't want to play with me I've
laid it out there I just want to clarify
on this because a lot of people they
misunderstood this if you live there of
the country like I said you want to have
a good friend with the US you also one
have a good friend with China
but if China's own record on press
freedom is anything to go by the new
relationship between Phnom Penh and
Beijing does not bode well for the
cambodian journalists silence and the
media outlets shut down and voters in
the run-up to a crucial election are
getting less and less news and
information just the way who sang like
finally last year's presidential
election in Kenya was not exactly a
textbook exercise in democracy the
incumbent who - Kenyatta won the August
election which his main rival rila
Odinga said was rigged the courts agreed
with that ordered another vote in
October which Odinga then boycotted
saying it was never going to be a fair
fight
so Kenyatta was eventually sworn in but
Odinga hasn't gone away this past week
he held his own swearing-in ceremony
declaring himself the people's president
now KTN was one of three Kenyan
television networks that plan to cover
that event the authorities ordered all
three of them off the air so KTN
provided live coverage online we're
leaving you now with some images from
both swearing-in ceremonies Kenyatta and
Odinga
note the similarities and the KTN anchor
struggling to characterize this latest
swearing-in ceremony there really wasn't
we'll see you next time
here at The Listening Post
as soon as President of the Republic of
Kenya
bigger
a day that Kenyans have been waiting
with the bated breath with many doubting
whether really it will get down to
business it has come to pass Rallo dinga
NASA leader has just taken oath of
office as a president of the peoples as
president of the people
