US President Donald Trump never
criticizes Russian President Vladimir
Putin but the Pentagon is doing just
that
Moscow retains a large stockpile of non
strategic nuclear weapons and continues
to modernize those as well as its
strategic systems this report says
aggression from Russia concerns about
China and North Korea and potentially
Iran are the reasons the US needs to
modernize its nuclear weapons and it's
changing the wording on when it could
use them saying the US could use nuclear
weapons in extreme circumstances to
defend the vital interests of the US
what's new is they added this line
extreme circumstances could include
significant non-nuclear strategic
attacks the military was asked to
clarify what that means would that also
involve the employment of biological
weapons against the US population or
allies would it involve the use of
chemical weapons against our people
would it involve a conventional attack
in other parts of the world the context
in which an attack occurred on the
United States our allies would be how we
would evaluate the appropriate response
the plan also calls for modernizing the
nuclear arsenal
that's something the last administration
wanted to do and at the time they said
it was going to cost more than a
trillion dollars over 30 years this plan
would undoubtedly be even more expensive
and that has not been something that
Congress has been really willing to fund
at this point the u.s. also wants to
build a new kind of weapon a nuclear
warhead with less impact but critics say
that could make nuclear war more likely
they are literally having weapons that
give the president more options to start
a nuclear war and that is it could be
dangerous particularly when you have
this president who we all know is
impetuous irrational and not always
unsound mine recently three high-ranking
former diplomats went to Capitol Hill
with a warning that the massive
destructive force of a nuclear weapon
was no longer appreciated or even feared
by some in those days people seem to
have an appreciation of what would what
would be the result of a nuclear weapon
have ever used
I fear people have lost that sense
of dread the US under President Trump is
trying to improve its nuclear arsenal
and the potential reasons to use it they
say in order to improve the odds it
won't have to patty :
al Jazeera Washington
