thousands attended services to celebrate
the man who had led to the Congolese
opposition for decades Etienne Chester
Katie died a year ago after a long
illness but efforts to repatriate his
body from Brussels have failed the
bishop who led his masses also to see
Katie's brother he renewed the call for
his body to be brought back home we are
counting on pressure from around the
world so that finally the authorities
will decide to repatriate the remains of
Chi Sacchetti and organize the funeral
that he deserves
Etienne Chester KD was a veteran
politician described by his supporters
as a champion of non-violence against
those who abuse their power and position
he first served with and then stood
against the government of dictator
Mobutu Sese Seko he went on to oppose
Laurent Kabila
and then his son the current president
Joseph Kabila who took office in 2001
after his father was assassinated
Chester Katie died just weeks after
Kabila refused to step down when his
constitutional term in office came to an
end under an agreement brokered by the
Catholic Church Kabila was allowed to
stay in office provided new elections
were held in 2017 that deal was not
honoured and simmering frustration
erupted into anger a crackdown on
demonstrations lifts opposition
supporters dead even in death Etienne
Chester KD remains a unifying force for
a fractured opposition among those
attending services has son Felix who
replaced him as head of the opposition
coalition and Bruno chabela an
opposition leader and now Congolese
Prime Minister
we will it is just a question of time do
everything to make sure his body is
repatriated so that we can hold a grand
funeral worthy of his status as a
freedom fighter Congolese authorities
now say elections will be held in
December but Kabila's opponents say it's
just delay tactics and all the while
armed groups are becoming a growing
threat in the mineral-rich nation the
fear is of a return to the sort of
conflict that killed and displaced
millions of people more than 20 years
ago million ohand
al Jazeera
