extending a hand of friendship
the Turkish presidents in Germany on a
mission to mend ties he's not seen
eye-to-eye with the German Chancellor on
many issues recently what brought these
two NATO allies apart and can this visit
help restore this broken relationship
this is inside story
hello again I'm Peter Dhabi this is
inside story from Doha the Turkish
president is in the middle of a three
days state visit to Germany it is a
critically important tour for wretched
typer Diwan as Turkey faces an economic
crisis brought on by the crash of its
currency the lira and German Chancellor
Angela Merkel could be part of the
solution but behind the cordial
greetings and the joint news conferences
it has been a rocky relationship now for
years the two leaders have traded barbs
over everything from human rights abuses
to political campaigning and migrants
but with three million Turks living in
Germany it's always going to be a
relationship that needs to work
Jonah hall has more now on Merkel and
Oda wons meeting from Berlin well first
and foremost of course this was a full
state visit but also a meeting between
two political leaders with very
different trajectories turkeys ready 500
and now strengthened with sweeping new
presidential powers Chancellor Merkel of
Germany widely seen as a political lame
duck but two leaders who appear to
recognize that their countries share
important common concerns and interests
even though deep disagreements between
them were hard to hide so there was talk
of the Syrian conflict they share ideas
about how to end it they've announced a
new meeting bringing in the French and
the Russians in October there was talk
of the migration and refugee crisis
Turkey currently holding back on its
soil three and a half million Syrian
refugees desperate to make it to Europe
there's economic crisis Turkey's worse
than 15 years German banks and
businesses badly exposed and the issue
of course the turkey as a NATO member is
currently at loggerheads with the Trump
administration and the United States
perhaps Germany can help unlock that
little problem and so in her comments
reflecting the difficult nature of these
talks Chancellor Merkel said this that
we hope for a common strategic and good
relationship but on the issue of a free
and open democratic society she said we
perhaps have different perceptions of
what that looks like a president
Derwin responded that he hoped for a
win-win relationship between Turkey and
and
but he said that both countries needed
to respect each other the clear
implication don't lecture us on
democracy on human rights on the
judiciary a difficult meeting as I said
then a balancing act and exercise in
political expediency rather than choice
Joan al al Jazeera for inside story in
Berlin and here's a taste
some of the issues mr. Dewan and mrs.
Merkel have been touching on chu'lak
economies in East Harlem tomate I
expressed to the esteemed Chancellor
that the Turkish economy is built on
strong foundations we have taken
structural steps to respond to the
speculation based challenges in our
economy we are prepared for any
difficulties in our economy just as we
are prepared to meet any other
challenges in any other respect we feel
that the relations between Germany and
Turkey are very important and we want to
advance a win-win scenario the two
highlights the house founders fusty
Turkey has achieved enormous results
when it comes to hosting three and a
half million Syrian refugees we
discussed the subject of Eid lip and we
want a meeting with the Russian
president the french president myself as
well as president Erewhon and were
aiming to host a meeting in october to
discuss adlib
okay let's get going let's bring in our
guests today joining us from Berlin is
Thorsten Benner the co-founder and
director of the global public policy
institute in Istanbul
joining us from Turkey is Sinan bacon
columnist and political analyst and from
Lancaster in the UK maritza is an RD
international economist at Lancaster
University welcome to you all
Thorsten Benna coming to you first
demonstrations today and tomorrow
planned against mr. Erdogan and his
visit does he understand why do you
think I think he understands why that
there are people who are very unhappy
with his authoritarianism these are
typically the people who he puts in
prison in Turkey but they're free here
in in Germany as it should be and they
are free to demonstrate so I think he
gets a glimpse of what an open society
looks like and what opposition in an
open society looks like Sinan vacant in
Istanbul how easy or difficult is it for
mrs. Merkel to on the one hand roll out
the red carpet and on the other hand
come up with some uncomfortable truths
because it's not an easy sell for her
well in international relations you
should sometimes sacrifice your ego to
to perform for the better cause you know
for the sake of your country so Germany
at one hand needs Turkey to assure
European security but also the miracle
has the pressure of the public opinion
in Germany to assert that president
advance policies may sometimes drift to
tell authoritarianism but as I said in
international relations even if you
don't like your partner of or you you
have no sympathy for him or her
you should swallow things up and look at
what's best for your country mauricio
Zanardi in Lancaster you're an economist
who specializes in
this region on this region whose messed
up the Turkish economy is it the Turkish
economy Turkish politicians is it mr.
Erdogan or is it Donald Trump with his
tariffs well I have to say that as a
matter of fact is a joint act if you
want a Turkish economy has not been in
great shape for some time but has not
been in a dramatic situation for sure
the sanctions but Donald Trump has
imposed on Turkey are taking their toll
and that the cumulative effect the
depreciation of the Turkish lira and
therefore the problems in international
trade relationships of at the end
translate to the domestic economy are
accelerating that they issue the
political and economic situation with
president Erdogan is a facing so in a
way as we think that is visiting Germany
to me as an international economist the
question comes to mind also following on
the previous contribution he may not
like angra Merkel very much but maybe he
likes her more than what he says well
the current position with a V president
Trump clearly the relationship between
Turkey and Germany Turkey and the you
have not been very warm recently but
possibly the relation with the United
States are even colder and so here is a
balancing act politically but even more
so economically on what the president
that other one can try to do in order to
try to come out to solve the economic
issues that his face in keeping in mind
that I believer he's also facing a very
strong political constraint Sinan in
Istanbul let's just talk specifics for a
second here
what Merkel wants from this two-day
get-together and also what mr. Erdogan
wants he wants the Fethullah Gulen
movement designated as a quote terror
organization he must know that is not
going to happen because the German line
has been consistent there is simply not
enough evidence of that yes but I really
don't think that
the meeting today was was about that you
know it wasn't about the human rights
issue in Turkey it wasn't about the
requests from President Ardoin about the
PKK or Fatah Gulen East organization
members warrants etc it wasn't about
that we should we should adopt adopt
here and macro look to the situation
let's let's face it both countries are
fed up actually with the American
unilateralism so on one hand Germany
faced the Trump administration's
harshness on especially three issues one
the trade tariffs the second about
Russian gas and the third about Iranian
embargo on the other hand Turkey is
facing also difficulties with with the
Trump administration namely one the
currency crisis that we are going
through the second is related to the
detainment of Bronson and thirdly we
have this issue about the American
sponsoring of PKK in northern Syria so
this is the this meeting today this
summit this bilateral summit today was
just to open to pave away I think for an
Iranian solution for the region so I
think there is a new axis forming today
between Berlin Moscow Ankara Tehran and
maybe not maybe I mean maybe also Paris
so all of these countries maybe France
is an exception here but all of these
countries are fed up with American unit
unilateralism and
excessive and excessive policies that
displayed by Trump administration so
this meeting is a prelude as you can say
to a bigger solution that is coming up
today it's not it was it wasn't about
the human rights violations
so-called violations or the the PKK
members or the Fotolia News members it
wasn't about that the the media has
covered up only these parts these
features of the meeting of the press
conference okay but it was much more
than that let's just turn this lens
around for a second thoughts Tim Bennett
in Berlin three million Turks live and
work in Germany two thirds of them voted
for him is that an area that Merkel has
to be sensitive to know that I think
that's an area but I'd like to say a few
words on Xenon's
fantasy of this Eurasian solution to
supposedly join problems we have with
the United States this neo Ottoman
foreign policy didn't quite work out so
there's a new fantasy it it seems and I
don't think the meeting between mr.
Erdogan and Chancellor Merkel was
primarily about joint problems that
Germany and Turkey have with mr. Trump
it was about joint interests and
differences and an honest conversation
on that and it's in Germany's interest
to have a stable and prosperous Turkey
for that you need good economic
relations and good economic policies on
the part of part of Turkey also but on
for that you also need the respect of
human rights the freedom of the press
and you need to stop interfering and I
come back to the Turkish German
community here you need to stop
harassing citizens that are living in
Germany that are being harassed by mr.
Erdogan's government
so there's joint interests also
regarding Syria and it's true that mrs.
Merkel announced a joint summit with mr.
Putin mr. Erdogan and mr. McCarney
it's useful and helpful
or the French the Germans and the
Turkish side to coordinate ahead of the
meeting with Russia because there's some
joint interests on that front we we all
want an end to the human human suffering
humanitarian catastrophe in in Syria but
this is very convenient and somewhat
funny framing I heard from seen on as
this kind of new big Eurasian fantasy
including Russia which doesn't work at
all from a Berlin perspective we don't
like these axes anymore anyway that's
that's a non-starter and they okay more
fantasy than reality let's just take
that debate a little bit forward briefly
Sinan if you're living in fantasy land
is there a grain of truth fair in what
thorns that Thor student is saying in as
much as every country operates basically
of two bank accounts both of turkey's
bank accounts are massively in the red
and there's not enough money in the
system for Iran to dig his way out of
this financial hole it is that bad and
on top of that he's scared away
potential investors because of the way
he started looking in on how your
central bank does what it does
international money does not want to
come into your country
let me put out first that calling the
Eurasian solution a fantasy is is what
Pro Atlantic figure is what is what Pro
Atlantic figure might say you know this
this works this works this is this is
cold and pure realism because when
you're when on one side American
administration namely the Trump
administration is pushing the trade
tariffs all all the way through wants to
impeach Germany from buying the Russian
gas and dictates the Iranian embargo
well the the Eurasian solution
up by by itself you know this is not a
fantasy this is not a dream a funny
dream as here as as the sir called it
but it's pure reality and this is what's
going to happen as you will see during
during the summit the upcoming summit
between France Germany Russia and Turkey
okay and the club is always against this
gentlemen on this program so we've
addressed the financial issue let's just
wrap up our financial discussion there
with Mauricio Zanardi
at Lancaster University is it a simple
Moritz CEO that he has a begging bowl or
if he gets money pumped into the economy
when will it happen and what would it be
but who's going to pump the money into
the economy I mean here is a strange
situation where it doesn't there is a
big question on the independence of the
central bank in Turkey he openly said
that he doesn't like interest rates the
central bank of Turkey increased the
interest rate a couple of weeks ago
possibly not enough for to contour well
the effect of the drop in the Turkish
lira so I don't think of ordering on
some of the comments were earlier that
the meeting today is going to bring any
direct effect in terms of Germany
offering to pumping money into the
Turkish economy or any other dramatic
solutions from my perspective and this
is on the boundary between politics and
economics if President Trump was not in
the White House I don't think that Iran
would have been in Berlin today both of
our political and economic reasons now
President Trump is in the White House is
doing massive measures of visibly
tariffs eesof eda gas market and so on
that puts if you would mr. Erdogan and
Angela Merkel on the same side in the
sense of being pushed by by President
Trump but on very different dimension
president Chalmers imposed the sanctions
on Turkey on political grounds mr. Trump
has imposed tariffs on European Union
and other countries on economic let's
say crowns but even if one may want to
dispute that these are very different
grounds so it's not think that European
Union or Germany can create an alliance
and economical
we've Turkey to try to have an upper and
a visa V Donald Trump if an alliance if
an economic alliance would be needed
would be needed with a partners that are
bigger and here I'm thinking possibly of
Japan on the other side of the world
so here the Turkish economy is in a very
strange position because it is the
result of political constraints and I
don't think that mr. Erdogan would like
to give up much face any real terms to
the request of President Trump but at
the moment the American economy ricchan
economy can put a lot of pressure on
Turkey and the meeting with Angela can
possibly help calm down the markets from
an economic perspective a little bit but
cannot offer a solution of money cannot
offer a dramatic solution of saying yes
we can say we will try to invest more
but markets will decide depending on
what is the situation and what are the
policies of the Turkish government a
visibly rest of the world and internal
policies so coming to the wrapping up of
the financial question unfortunately I
don't really see a solution on the one
hand i over the central bank will
maintain is independence and probably
act again to raise interest rate but
even the raising of interest rate can
only have a bite as so much as there is
something that is tangible and that the
markets can perceive as beneficial to
their side and also beneficial in in
terms of long duration
I just want to interrupt you there
Mauricio just wanna interrupt you there
for a second to put that point to
thoughts Tim Bennett in Berlin is the
central assumption here that everyone's
been speculating on Thorsten in effect
completely flawed because everyone's
been saying basically it might come down
to what happens in the next couple of
weeks
Enid Lib because Angola Merkel is
politically weaker than she was before
the German election refugees she can't
she can't go with the idea of more
refugees trying to get out of Syria
across the border into Turkey and she's
got to say to mr. Erwin look you've done
a really really good job with the
refugees nobody can take that away from
you but I will in effect help you with
your economic situation if you help me
with the refugee situation in Turkey has
an interest in first of all it's Turkey
that holds most refugees
more than three million 3.9 million I
think in total and it needs to be
commended for that that's a remarkable
achievement on on the part of turkeys so
Turkey has it has its own interest in
not having an increase in the number of
number of refugees even if the situation
escalated they won't be in in Germany
tomorrow but we have every humanitarian
impulse in order to to address the
situation in Italy but I don't think
there's a quid pro quo on on on the
economy and and it live the way you you
portray it Germany has a general
interest in a stable Turkey we don't
want turkey to go down the drain
economically because German businesses
are invested and they would like to do
business in the prosperous and and and
stable turkey we have three million
Turkish Germans who are deeply connected
with with Turkey and we're afraid of
what would happen if Turkey destabilized
politically so we have every in we have
every interest to work together with
President Erdogan for measures that as
you said as you put it before that
increase investor confidence okay Sinan
Sinan bacon in Istanbul is there a very
very subtle calculation on the part of
mr. Erdogan and it's this he knows full
well that he can work with mrs. Merkel
he's betting mrs. Merkel can work with
him although there is a a rider a
codicil which is this she has to
implicitly say to him I'll work with you
but I don't like your political
direction I don't like where your where
I think you're continuing to take your
country yes but on the other way
everyone doesn't like America Miss
miracle either I mean when a country
shells you know Gulen is villainous
terrorists
Peck PKK terrorists it's normal that the
you have initial differences but on the
other on the other hand when it comes to
international sorry xenon just to drop
today are you saying
you claiming that Germany is sheltering
PKK terrorists is that what you just
said yes of course
oh that that's your allegation that's
exact I just want to put a rider on that
for our it's not done it's not done it's
not an allegation it's a pure it's a
it's a fact okay in fact you say right
carry on with the point you were making
so but it comes when it comes to
international topics things change and
you have to collaborate in order for for
the sake of your country I mean as I
said before mrs. Merkel wants to assure
the European security and in order to
assure the security she knows that she
has to collaborate with with mr. Elton
who in times of crisis says that if
Germany continues to meddle in our
internal internal affairs that he would
open the borders and let let the
refugees go to the towers Germany so
this is not this is not an ideal point I
I know it and everybody knows it but
okay when on the other hand you have you
have you have Germany briefly shown I
think PKK terrorist okay I just want to
give the last 30 seconds of the program
please simmer it season re at Lancaster
University I think it'd be fair to say
in international politics and diplomacy
you know assumption is the mother of all
bad relationships they may not like each
other
do they trust each other I don't know I
mean here here it's it's a meeting that
is needed because there is a some sort
of a common enemy how much they can
trust each other here as the previous
speaker was saying there are major
differences before litical ii
ideologically between the two countries
can they have but they need each other
the European Union also needs a turkey
but
Teresa was not vetted that they involved
with the European you now it becomes a
need because of having a different front
to cover so can they trust each other I
don't know can we trust the president
Trump as well we don't know so it's a
big uncertain situation a big uncertain
world so I will see today is a visited
three days in Germany as a starting
point of a conversation and whether it
will what it will lead the to is they're
very much in their end that both sides
will have to show a possible from a
European perspective more the Turkish
side we left to show a little more of
actions to put actions behind that their
words and what they would like to
achieve and I think that's a good place
maybe to end our conversation gentlemen
thank you so much they were our guests
Thorsten Benison and bacon and Moritz
eosin Adi and thank you to you too for
your company you can see the show again
any time be the website al Jazeera calm
and for further discussion check out our
Facebook page that's facebook.com/ /aj
inside story you can join the
conversation on twitter @ aj inside
story for I'm Pat Peter Dhabi one for me
and the entire team here in Doha thanks
for your time or do it all again
tomorrow
you
you
