during the wet season Thailand's Andaman
Coast is often dark and moody tourists
go home leaving local fishermen to ply
their trade in relative peace but life
could become a lot busier if a proposed
shipping canal cuts through here some
welcomed the prospect of investment
while others doubt their lives would
change for the better when it comes to
mega projects it's never the people who
benefit it's not either rich people big
people from Bangkok who get more rich
from it never get anything and the
government never helps at the moment
ships sailing between Europe and China
for example travel through the dangerous
and congested malacca strait often
stopping in singapore to refuel or
unload before continuing the Thai canal
would cut more than 1,000 kilometres off
the journey but could drastically cut
into Singapore's shipping trade the
backers of this canal proposal have many
problems to overcome not least of which
is the location between here and the
Malaysian border there is a separatist
movement with armed Muslim groups
fighting for independence from Thailand
in the three southernmost provinces if
the canal goes through here it could
create something of a border and
therefore embolden their claim because
of the violence in the south Prime
Minister Prayuth chan-ocha says he's
reluctant about effectively cutting the
country into supporters of the plan
which includes some Thai business
leaders and retired generals believe
they can convince the Prime Minister to
at least agree to a feasibility study he
has to I come to the understanding that
this is the project that will stimulate
our economy faster than any other
projects that we have right now the
canal group says it has private sector
support from China to help pay the
estimated price tag of 30 billion
dollars but it really needs Chinese
government backing if it's to tap into
Beijing's one belt one road economic and
trade initiative to link east and west
so far there's no sign of Chinese
government money in the proposed Canal
Zone is already concerned about the
potential impact on tourism the
environment and livelihoods our lives
depend on this ocean this is our home
this is where
we find food people will start to come
and take what belongs to the locals more
people means more trash this place will
no longer feel like home instead this
sleepy coastal community could become
one of the busiest shipping lanes in the
world Wayne hey al-jazeera
sea cow Thailand
