it looks more like a street party than a
protest but behind the smiles are
serious complaints hospitals without
water equipment or staff teachers on
pitiful wages students burdened with
crippling debt and a president who
refuses to give up a position in his
family for more than 50 years we will
not give up we will not stop until he
quits power for five months protesters
have been calling for an end to the
political dynasty Togo was the only
country in West Africa that doesn't
adhere to presidential term limits
that's kept the nursing by family in
power for half a century first nursing
barea de mer for thirty-eight years and
then his son for nursing BAE who took
over in 2005 when his father died
president four pledged in late September
to hold a constitutional referendum but
the proposal for a two-term presidency
is not retroactive that means missing
BIR could stand again even twice
potentially keeping him in power until
2030 we know that Togolese are
determined they are not with us on the
street just to have fun
this movement began because they know
they must take a stand here a coalition
of 14 opposition parties has been
leading the mass demonstrations since
August security forces violently
suppressed some early gatherings people
have been killed and they've been
arrests and detentions
if their intention is to intimidate us
so we stop telling people what's going
on well they are wrong we will not stop
arresting our members will not give
young people jobs or bring democracy and
change that is why we will not stop few
here have experienced life under anyone
other than the Singh Bay or his father
discontent like this and for so long as
unprecedented in Togo it's put the
president under enormous pressure but
he's still showing little interest in
vacating his seat mideon haand al
jazeera
