the United States formally declared the
Palestinian group Hamas a terrorist
organization in 1997 21 years later
Washington says Hamas as political chief
a smile hanya is himself a specially
designated global terrorist because
thanks to his leadership Hamas has
killed 17 Americans the designation
means that any assets hanya has in the
US are now frozen he can't travel there
and US persons cannot give him any
financial support one official says
hanya is a clear threat to US national
security hanya has been a member of
Hamas since the 1980s and he rose
through the ranks in large part but
continually championing terrorism
against Israel and he is calls for a
renewed Intifada just last month
underscore how important today's
designation is we will not be distracted
by Hamas as efforts to obscure its true
and bloody nature hanya called for a new
uprising against Israel in December
because of this we are no closer to a
lasting peace agreement between Israel
and the Palestinians
the US president Donald Trump's decision
to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel something mandated by Congress
welcomed by the Israeli government and
condemned by Palestinians who want East
Jerusalem to be the capital of their
future nation while hanya attended a
funeral for a Hamas member his aides
told reporters they don't take the u.s.
s move seriously it is clear that
putting the name of Ismail Haniyeh
on the Terrorism list by the Americans
came at a time that the US
administration is targeting Jerusalem
putting sanctions and preventing the aid
of the Umrah which is a continuation of
the crimes against the Palestinian
people terrorism is not our style we are
not terrorists it is forbidden our Islam
and our religion for this reason we are
considering the statement of Trump is
the foolish statement committed by
people know nothing about what freedom
fight the US says it will do
all it can to stop Hamas from
destabilizing the Middle East the
problem for the Trump administration
Hamas says it won't be deterred Rosalyn
Jordan al Jazeera Washington
