government and Communist Party leaders
gathered in Ho Chi Minh City to remember
the Tet Offensive it was a celebration
in a city that used to be called Saigon
the capital of South Vietnam that was
defended by southern troops and the
United States allies during the Vietnam
War but fifty years ago as Vietnamese
were preparing to celebrate the Lunar
New Year communist soldiers from the
north launched a surprise attack on
Saigon and other cities in the south the
timing wasn't a coincidence many South
Vietnamese soldiers had gone home to
visit family for the Tet holiday the
north saw an opportunity to defeat the
enemy and spark an uprising in Saigon
that it hoped would result in the
overthrow of the us-backed governments
in the short term the attempt failed and
the North soldiers were forced to
retreat - around 58,000 who were killed
but ultimately the Tet Offensive was
seen as a turning point in a long and
costly war in the United States it
fueled anti-war sentiments the year
after the Tet Offensive the u.s. began a
gradual withdrawal from Vietnam that was
completed in 1973
despite the signing of a ceasefire and
peace accords the war continued and only
ended in 1975 when the north took Saigon
today Vietnam remains unified under a
communist government it views the
anniversary of the Tet Offensive as a
mark of heroism not because of what it
did or didn't achieve initially but with
the victory that it led to Wayne hey al
Jazeera
