shots ring out over the Simon Bolivar
bridge dividing Colombian Venezuela as
people dodge and run for cover in the
last four months at least 14 gunfights
have erupted in the border town of VLE
Rosario the gun barrels have left 40
people dead as Colombian Venezuelan
crime groups fight for control of the
lucrative contraband of goods on this
poorest lawless border
the mayor says people are terrified
we need the national government to wake
up about the effects of Venezuela's
crisis we are being told we need to
prepare for what will come but it's not
what will come is already here since
Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro shut
down the border last year to all the
foot traffic violence has increased
tenfold Venezuela's hyperinflation is
too profitable a temptation for the
gangs in two years the Colombian peso
has increased 40 times in value over the
venezuelan bolivar cross-border
smuggling once limited to petrol now
extends to scrap metal fruits meat or
anything that can fetch three times its
price in Venezuela Colombia's response
has been increasing police presence on
the ground we're going to look for
trucks full of contraband in this area
probably informants already warned the
smugglers of our presence so the trucks
can be hidden in one of the trails in
pitch darkness and complete silence
the officers patrolled through a
maze-like collection of ever-expanding
trails but it's like finding a needle in
a haystack Colombia's Special Forces are
on the lookout here on the river touch
area which divides Bennett's whele from
Colombia this is just one of over a
hundred and forty known crossings that
smugglers use to move goods into
Colombia of course it's practically
impossible to control all of them
despite the police best efforts but
experts say the fight is also undermined
by the lack of collaboration between the
two countries and accessor baited by
persistent corruption there's no doubt
that the border is being sold to the
highest
this area is in the hands of criminal
enterprises dedicated to drug
trafficking large-scale smuggling
extortion kidnapping human trafficking
and it has been activated by the closure
of the border the rising crime is just
another side of the increasing economic
and social crisis in Venezuela that has
no end in sight
Alessandra Piatti al Jazeera Via del
Rosario
