three bombs attacks in less than 24
hours was interpreted as a clear message
from the Yellen about its faith in the
peace process in Colombia in the
aftermath the country's President Juan
Manuel Santos had his own paciencia my
patience and the patience of the
Colombian people has its limits so I
have taken the decision to suspend the
start of the fifth cycle of negotiations
which was scheduled for the coming days
until we see coherence between the ELN
words and its actions talks between the
government and the year lend the last
active rebel group in Colombia have been
going for more than a year last October
they agreed on a ceasefire but the
rebels launched a new offensive when it
expired earlier this month they targeted
oil pipelines and security forces the
bloodiest of the weekend attacks took
place in the coastal city of
Barranquilla where five officers were
killed president santos flew there to
inspect the aftermath under increasing
pressure to end the peace talks for good
in the eyes of some the ELN attacks
indicate the group's leadership is
divided over the way forward the ELN is
an organization were different
tendencies converging are expressed both
politically and militarily they also
have an historical issue with Tommy
they're unable to understand when it's
the right moment for doing or not doing
something this attack happened at the
worst possible time public opinion not
only rejected them but also closed the
political space government had to
continue negotiation the year lens says
it's willing to take part in another
ceasefire but its attacks will continue
until the moment it's agreed upon that
unlike the successful talks with FARC
rebels who signed a peace deal with the
government a year ago the negotiations
with the ELN seem increasingly bound for
failure living the dream of a Colombia
completely at peace in its debt rose
Allisyn ramp et al Jazeera Bogota
