a cloud of uncertainty hangs over the
African Union's annual gathering in
Addis Ababa a dispute between some of
its members over a dam if Theo Pia is
building on the Nile threatens to
undermine unity at the pan-african
organization the African Union is
extremely encouraged by is that the
different countries are meeting direct
directly and bilaterally to try and sort
out their differences for this for the
situation to be dealt with in an
amicable and in a direct manner between
the states involved and that is
encouraging for the African Union but
recent developments on the ground appear
to suggest otherwise
Egyptian president Abdel Fattah al-sisi
who seeks reelection has expressed
concerns over the mega project known as
the great if the European Renaissance
dam saying it will disrupt the flow of
water to his country but the dam is
crucial for Ethiopia which is eager to
become the largest producer of
hydroelectric energy in Africa and whose
population often struggles with a lack
of electricity if the Opia Egypt and
Sudan initially agreed on solving the
dispute through dialogue but Sudan and
Egypt are now facing another crisis they
each claimed rights over the so called
alive triangle on the Red Sea coast
between the two countries a stanchion
escalated recently her poem recalled its
ambassador to Cairo and shut down its
borders with Eritrea Sudanese
authorities accused the eretrians of
colluding with the Egyptians to
destabilize their country in a move that
is likely to further complicate matters
Egypt wants Sudan out of any future
talks about the damn United Nations
chief Antonio Guterres expressed hopes
that countries sharing the Nile can
agree on a mechanism to manage water
distribution we believe that every
problem can
solved based on dialogue mutual
understanding technical analysis
scientific analysis and cooperation and
I hope it will be decided when I was
prime minister of Portugal we sign the
water agreement with Spain that even
today is considered to be a landmark
but for now what's happening in the Nile
Basin area threatens to undermine the
chances of finding a common ground
officials here at the a you hope
differences between Sudan Egypt and
Ethiopia will be resolved soon if not
this is an issue many worry could lead
to a military confrontation
Hashima para al Jazeera Addis Ababa
