and you slob it's become a familiar
routine for Navalny demonstration days
while supporters in Moscow and st.
Petersburg slept in Russia's Eastern
time zones they were already protesting
and being arrested this footage is from
the Siberian city of Kimura ver and in
the capital police moved against the
opposition leaders offices this time
temporarily shutting down his internet
TV channel claiming a presenter had a
bomb from a secret location Alexei
Navalny released a message of defiance I
want to go to the rally where they
detained me or not I want to make my
position clear and one day I will tell
my children and my grandchildren yes I
was out there to say I disagree and all
the bad things that happened to me
happened while I was actively protesting
this is what matters to me most
then as protesters started to gather in
central Moscow Navalny surfaced and his
demonstration day game of cat-and-mouse
with the police reached its inevitable
conclusion bundled into a police van
with his supporters chanting shame
Alexei Navalny says that his arrest
doesn't matter at all that the people
who've turned out here in Moscow and all
around the country are protesting for
their own futures many in the young
crowds you find at Navalny rallies have
been born and grown up in Putin's Russia
and they're planning to boycott what
they see as rigged elections in mind
elections isn't fair they were only
Putin and other candidates are puppets
of Putin's in my opinion I haven't got
my candidate because nominee was
cancelled from so if novel have been
allowed to run in the actions you few
here if any really think they'll be able
to prevent flooding of Putin winning
another landslide election victory but
as darkness fell on a cold Moscow they
kept their chance of protest ringing
into the gloom will reach Alan's al
Jazeera Moscow
