rich Saudi princes detained in an
anti-corruption Drive some have been
released after deals with the government
of which Muhammad bin Salman is a key
figure the crown prince has ambitious
plans for his country so was the
crackdown only about money and what
comes next
this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Rochelle Carey
it's said that money means power that
despite their riches several Saudi
princes and businessmen were locked up
in the capital Riyadh for months albeit
in a five-star hotel they were arrested
for alleged corruption and have been
released over the past few days after
giving in to certain demands get to our
guests in a moment but first Hana hawk
star reports on the latest high-profile
detainee to be freed Prince Alwaleed bin
Talal just hours before billionaire
Saudi prince and Walid bin Talal was
released from the ritz-carlton hotel in
Riyadh he conducted an interview with
the Reuters news agency from the suite
where he'd been confined in tau is one
of Saudi Arabia's most prominent
businessman and one of the world's
richest men but he'd been held for more
than two months accused of corruption in
the interview he described the entire
situation as a misunderstanding there no
charges okay just some discussions
between the government you know I mean
but rest assured that this is this is a
clean operation that we have and we're
just in discussion with the government
on various matters and that I can't
divide right now because we are in
combination discussion with them the mug
burned his likeness was just one of the
many objects shown as the Prince gave a
tour of where he'd been detained bin
Talal arrests in November was part of
what the government called an
anti-corruption campaign ordered by
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman the
government says 124 billion dollars is
expected to be seized from more than 200
individuals a group that is said to
include the owner of the NBC television
network as well as several other senior
Prince's observers say the crackdown has
allowed been summoned to do far more
than simply consolidate power I think
there are two things here it's about
money because the Saudi government is
facing financial difficulties because of
the collapse of the oil prices over the
past few years and the Hamid missile man
is having very ambitious economic plan
actually to reform the kingdom so he
needs the cash money in order to do to
carry on with this project but this is
not the only issue the other issue in my
pin
here is that he is trying to create a
popular base of support for him because
all these people are in fact corrupt in
Terrell whose firm holds stakes in
companies like Twitter Citigroup and
Apple is estimated to be worth 17
billion dollars his release could
potentially reassure investors but
analysts believe the timing of his
interview with Reuters as the world
economic forum met in Davos was no
coincidence having someone like Prince
Talal for example speak out publicly as
he did yesterday and shows that you know
the Saudis are trying to use him as
somewhat the poster child of liberalism
they're trying to appeal to investors
obviously saying we realized that what
we did and the way we did it with that
purge last year we some completely
undermined business confidence and
investor confidence in Saudi Arabia
Intel has told Reuters he expects to
remain in full control of his global
investment firm without being required
to give up his assets to the government
Hana hawkster al Jazeera
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has big
plans for his country which he calls the
Saudi vision 2030 mb/s as he's known
wants to reduce the country's dependence
on oil by diversifying its economy and
develop public service sectors such as
health education infrastructure
recreation and tourism the 32 year old
has announced plans for a new 500
billion dollar city that will run
entirely on alternative energy he's also
pushed for social reforms allowing women
to drive and opening him up movie
theaters for the first time in almost 40
years let's bring in our guest now
joining us from London is Sami Hamdi
editor-in-chief of the international
interest in Beirut Joseph kesheshian a
senior fellow at the King Faisal Centre
for Islamic studies and in Paris PR
kanessa a lecturer at the Paris
Institute of Political Studies thank you
all for joining us I appreciate it
Sammy I want to start with you so
obviously one of the most high-profile
of all these people that have been
detained as Prince Alwaleed bin Talal
he's known around the world what do you
make anything of the timing of this very
unusual interview that he gave to
Reuters right as Davos was was wrapping
up do you see any type of connection
there with any messaging coming from
Saudi I think less to do with a
messaging coming from Saudi but more to
do with the deal that perhaps Walid bin
Fahad has made with Mohammed bin Salman
now there are reports saying that more
than a hundred billion has been raised
for some of the deals that he's made
with the other princes but when he'd
been tolerant Mohammed bin Salman is
more than money it's about rulership
it's about being King it's about
political competition from Walid bin
Paula's message it seems like one a part
of the deal that's been made is that he
will follow mohammed bin sandman's
political line he will fall in line with
promoting vision 2030 fallen in line
with trying to bring investors in to
Saudi Arabia he will fall in line with
building these neon cities and in
exchange he'll get to keep his
particular assets in other words it sees
Mohammed bin Salman may have got what he
wanted in getting one he'd meant Allah
to give up his political ambitions let's
remember what Mohammed bin Salman has
been doing alongside these
investigations which is these changes of
advisers in the government
changes of key personnel within the
government creating establishing
Royalists essentially removing any base
on which we admit Palin could possibly
become king and steak a threat to
Mohammed bin Salman power so now it
seems that the facto element Palin is
able to be released now and keep all of
his assets suggest Mohammed bin Salman
has cut off his wings politically and
made sure well he'd been Talal can no
longer be a political threat so now will
it built align with this message is
saying hey world I'm with Mohammed bin
Salman I believe in his vision I'm going
to use all my contacts to bring you guys
to Saudi Arabia and bring yourself and
invest in the kingdom okay so in fact
what he said what Prince Alwaleed bin
Talal said he said rest assured this is
a clean operation that we have and we're
just in discussion with the government
on various matters that I cannot divulge
right now but rest assured we are at the
end of this story
Joseph do you agree with Sammy's
assessment that in this particular round
it seems like MBS won against somebody
is powerful and is internationally known
as a prince alwaleed it's a bit more
complicated than that Prince Alwaleed
bin Talal had given his loyalty his
allegiance to Mohammed bin Salman when
he was appointed heir apparent over six
months ago
so therefore Walid bin Talal was not a
political threat in fact Walid bin Talal
has a better chance of becoming prime
minister of Lebanon than ever becoming
king of Saudi Arabia but that's a
different issue I think that there is a
1:1 aspect of this whole discussion that
is absolutely correct namely that Prince
Mohammed bin Salman is trying to put
order at home he would like to have not
just what he'd been Talal but older
wealthy individuals in the kingdom to
actually fall behind his very ambitious
vision 2030 economic plans to change the
way business is conducted in the Kingdom
of Saudi Arabia in that sense he has
succeeded even though the going has been
tough and there has been there has been
some errors made along the way but
nevertheless I think that at the end of
the day this is part of a learning
process that he's going through when
he becomes king and there is absolutely
nothing that will prevent that from
occurring unless there is an unforeseen
circumstance that none of us can see
when he becomes king he has to really
learn how to manage his family
portfolios in a different way
but again as I say this is part of the
learning process so part of this
learning process though it would seem
would be fairly humiliating for some of
these 350 people that have spent the
last few days albeit locked up in the
Ritz but still not able to come and go
right so Pierre let me bring you in to
speak no go ahead Joseph go ahead well I
mean I think that this humiliation
business is something that is part and
parcel of political life people are
humiliated all over the world we live in
very strange times when leaders behave
in strange to put it mildly in strange
ways but I think that in a in an
environment like Saudi Arabia where
family ties are very important it's not
a question of humiliating one or the
other it's a question of saving face and
I think at the end of the day when it
bin talal is part of the family he is
not part of the opposition he is part of
the family and he will remain part of
the family because that's his source of
ultimate strength and that will not
change pierre do you see the tactics
that were used as i said some of it
being humiliating do you see that there
could be some some blowback some
pushback against MBS because of the way
he went about this and if so who was in
a position to do that yeah you know I
have always in mind the same question
regarding that anti-corruption campaign
in Saudi Arabia the question is what is
exactly corruption in Saudi Arabia I
mean it's the only country in which you
know to arrest people without any low
defining what's corruption so you know
it's a way in a way it's a campaign
which has a probably more
mediatic effects on the middle-class of
Saudi Arabia which means that MBS is
quite popular in that part of the
society but the question is all that
friends they have not been arrests they
have been kidnapped which means that
they are free because they have paid
which means that for the future to
question the main the main way to
corrupt in Saudi Arabia is sponsorship
you understand because you gifted Saudi
princes possible and you make deal with
him and you get money without putting
anything in in so the question is do MBS
wants to give up with sponsorship that's
a good aspect and the question the
second question is what about the Prince
for the future if they know that they
are always a swirl hanging on the heads
you know for the the business they are
going to do in the future I mean that
they will put all their assets abroad I
mean it's a disability destabilizing
campaign in the Saudi economy for the
future what does mean I mean the vision
to 2030 okay nope here you make a good
point or two you you hold on just one
moment here well I'll come back to you
but to Pierre's point Sami what about
that what if really all he did was use
force and arrests to get what he wanted
and it wasn't a transparent process is
that truly an anti-corruption move is
that really a change or is it just
shifting money from one place to another
if there's no transparency I don't think
this was ever about an anti-corruption
move I think this was more Mohammed bin
Salman getting everybody together and
saying look we've had it good for many
years you know we all know we're
involved in corruption and the like but
times are a bit different and I need a
bit of money so some of the money that
you guys creamed off the government I'm
going to need to take it back it was
never about anti-corruption and usually
in an ideal world of a world a very
principled world we would say that these
principles apply lack of transparency
investors will get scared no money will
go to Saudi Arabia but the reaction of
the intentional community has been very
interesting it's been very different
we've read words in typically in in
respected newspapers saying a jarring
brightness
very moved by Mohammed bin Salman to
change the landscape it's been a very
strange international reaction we've
seen big investment forums with some of
the richest men in the world being very
excited about what Mohammed bin Salman
is doing inside yeah that's not electing
the impact Sammy that's not that's by no
means Universal I mean that sure maybe
some investors see it that way but but I
would imagine that this might scare off
a lot of some people because he decides
one day I need money back from you and
then who knows what it may be the next
day I think that's I think we able to
address that we need to understand how
the Saudi economy operates okay Saudi
Arabia everybody knows about the
corruption that takes place but what is
the key message that Muhammad min
Sandman sent here and one of the biggest
problems investors had in Saudi Arabia
was the monopolies that many of these
family members have in the industries
what actually deters some of these
investors from Saudi Arabia is the
monopolies that the likes of MIT had
been Abdullah well he'd been telling
others having the economy now when they
see Mohammed bin Salman is breaking up
some of these monopolies he's forcing
these guys to back down and reduce their
grip on the contrary for many investors
contrary to popular belief many
investors are saying this is good for us
finally we have a chance to get involved
in Saudi Arabia moreover when you couple
that with the fact that Saudi Arabia
needs this investment it needs this
money it's not in a position to
compromise on it that only bolsters the
confidence of these investors it's a
very crude it's it's very wrong it's a
very despicable world that we live in
but this is the reality this is where
the money flows Rockefeller has this
famous saying when there's blood on the
streets there's money to be made the
fact of the matter is when you look at
Saudi Arabia in it's very unique context
there is much to be hopeful for for
investors and that's disappointing from
a very democratic human rights
perspective okay um okay you said a lot
there Sami Joseph let me let me get you
into this so NBC see the huge behemoth
Broadcasting Company there they're a
factor in this in some ways the push and
pull for what in control of NBC what
role does that play and potentially what
MBS is plans are if we want to take
Sammy's point a step further which I
think he has really began to decide
for it I think what we're talking about
is a complete overhaul of the Saudi
economic system Saudi social system that
has been prevalent for the past 80 years
or so I think Mohammed bin Salman is
very much aware that the time is long
overdue for fundamental changes to occur
this is Jana this is not gonna be a
clean process it's going to be
relatively ugly sometimes humiliating
for some people but at the end of the
day there is a transparency process that
is being introduced into the system is
it being forced down the throats of a
lot of people yes it is
including Walid bin Talal including the
Ibrahim family that controls NBC
including a lot of other very wealthy
individuals who have really milked the
system to their benefit for decades to
come now the time has come to actually
look at and wait at the way things are
gonna be different in the future and
from the Western investor perspective
this is actually quite good simply
because we're going to be increasingly
aware of the rules that are going to be
in place Pierre was saying a moment ago
that in fact these individuals were not
accused of anti-corruption they were
kidnapped and that corruption is
prevalent in the system whatever we want
we might want to label things corruption
by definition cannot be good and
therefore even if individuals who were
harassed they were kidnapped they were
taken perhaps outside of the law for
several months even but put up at the
ritz-carlton nevertheless all of this
put together I think that what we are
seeing now is a fundamental way of
thinking that is different from what
everyone has been habituated when it
comes to Saudi Arabia okay a new page
has been opened whether or not this will
lead to more positive things we'll have
to wait and see okay so that pier so
about that about this this new way of
thinking that Joseph says is being
introduced can there can there be a new
way of thinking whether it's about
corruption or the economy can there be a
new way of thinking if it isn't also
tied to political
form well anyway so a new way of
thinking anyway it's okay that's the
first anti-corruption campaign in the
whole history of Saudi Arabia but my
question is regarding regarding the
foreign investors they want to invest in
Saudi Arabia the main condition was to
get a good sponsorship I mean mainly if
it was possible Prince or member of the
ruling family etc now you don't have any
legal system in Saudi Arabia so if you
want to invest in that country are you
obliged to take a sponsor with a risk
for him to be a goal of a new
anti-corruption campaign do you are you
sure that your funding and investment
will be guaranteed by what legal system
I mean there is no legal system wants
SMEs want to privatize five-person yeah
so you're saying that you're saying that
you know you feel like investors would
still see Saudi Arabia is just too
volatile to to not stable not not enough
certainty to to invest in is that what
you're saying you think things have been
shaken up so much if there's just too
much instability for an investor I
understand what you mean I mean you know
that for example when MBS wanted to
privatize 5% of the Aramco the question
was what's the the the the system the
contractual system in Aramco there is no
one I mean it's a property of the royal
family which means that if you want to
attract for the implementation of vision
2030 you are to guarantees to further
foreign investment coming from abroad
that you will be practicing you know
international systems of business and
now with this anti-corruption system you
are as destabilizing I would say the the
relationship with all the foreign
investors and the second is what about
the Milley Asian of all this member of
the very most of the powerful families
of the kingdom I mean it's a very
interesting new situation I am not sure
that the MBS
the estimators checked all the
consequences is facing for the future
I'm Sammy
what are what are the limits of reform
be it economic or political reform what
are the limits of reform when we're
talking about a country like Saudi how
far can it actually go I'm very worried
within the sense that I mean listening
to to some of the guests and perhaps
maybe I've given this impression as well
that somehow we're talking about an
overhaul like it's a positive thing that
somehow we're saying that MPs were
implying is some sort of visionary or
revolutionary coming in this is not the
case Mohammed bin Salman is doing what
he needs to stay in power
Saudi Arabia is surrounded by a growing
Iranian threat in the north and to the
east and to the south and it's got no
allies because Egypt is reneging on
agreements and so is the UAE so sadly is
very isolated that's on the external
front on the internal front Mohammed bin
Salman needs to maneuver himself to
become King before his father dies every
time his successful struggle we see
situations like this we see lemon it
will be when King Fahad died talks of
reform when King Herod died talks of
reform when King Abdullah died talks of
reform this is the same story we hear
over and over again so let's not go
overboard here the reason why Mohammed
bin Salman needs money is because he
needs to gain popular support
domestically that's the only reason he
wants to become king it's nothing about
making Saudi Arabia this great economic
power or what not Mohammed bin Salman is
playing a short-term game we can only
talk about a long-term game when he
becomes king so I think when we're
talking about what he needs to do
economically this is not the primary
purpose of what Mohammed bin Salman is
doing and the reason why I mentioned
this point is because it directly links
to your question how far can reforms go
they will go only insofar as they make
Mohammed bin Salman the undisputable
power in Saudi Arabia old any law that
implies or in King Creek encrypts Latin
cringes or hinders his power or his
influence will not be implemented every
company that goes through Saudi Arabia
must go through a Mohammed bin Salman
linen company every company that wants
to thrive in Saudi Arabia must go
through Mohammed bin Salman middleman
that's the real
of the Saudi Arabia that he's seeking to
create so let's be very careful in terms
of how we analyze Saudi Arabia there is
a very good saying in Arabic that sums
up what Mohammed bin Salman is doing
it's helpful or either be he bottle this
is true this is the correct thing to do
but for the wrong purpose he is a
tackling corruption but not to deal with
corruption okay he's dealing with the
big shots and trying to secure power but
not because he wants to create a
democratic transparent system all right
Sammy all right let me like Mike get
Joseph in here
Joseph first of all I can tell you want
to respond but my question to you was
going to be how much further do you
think this purge if you will is going to
go well you know I mean I think that
you've heard one point of view that is
all gloom and doom but on the other hand
there is a different point of view I I
fundamentally disagree that Saudi Arabia
does not have a legal system there is a
legal system in place and Aramco is not
a property of the ruling family this is
really hogwash Aramco is part of the
Saudi system and if Saudi Arabia belongs
to a family then obviously every Saudi
is member of that family I think that we
should really step aside from these
kinds of epithets that mean absolutely
nothing Saudi Arabia is a huge economy
it is part of the g20 system it has
plenty of allies around the world from
the United States to South Africa to
Brazil to Japan to China you name it
everybody would love to have good
relations with Mohammed bin Salman who
is gonna become King whether people like
it or not and there is another Arabic
saying that says the dogs barked when
the caravan is passing it's just a
matter of time everything will
eventually take care of itself however
the challenge is on him personally
Mohammed bin Salman to actually prove to
all these naysayers that he is a capable
individual he can rule the country he
can reunite the family he may he may be
making mistakes along the way
perhaps as a matter of his youth and his
inexperience but this is part of the
learning process as I said at the
beginning of the show and he will come
out of this not because he is an
exceptional individuals but
Saudi Arabia requires as a monarchy to
be in the hands of a stable individual
who knows where he is taking the country
time will tell whether I'm wrong or not
all right
Joseph that will be the last word um
gentlemen thank you for a me a feisty
important conversation we will continue
the dialogue because it does really
remain to be seen how all this is going
to play out so thank you very much I'm
Sammie Hamdi Joseph kesheshian and
Pierre Knesset and thank you for
watching you can see the program again
anytime go to our website very easy to
find aljazeera.com prefer the discussion
got our Facebook page as well that's
facebook.com forward slash AJ Inside
Story and you can join the conversation
on twitter our handle is @h a inside
story from me Rochelle Carey and the
entire team here bye for now
you
