they come together from all over the
continent in the city that gave birth to
the concept of African Unity the issue
of independent financing for the African
Union and wider reform of the
organization hour by agenda tackling
corruption in Africa will also dominate
discussions here but it's tough not to
be skeptical we waste time we sit here
and waste and say it again because what
is done to help those people in the
streets they in the Sun here
the African Union will name President
Muhammadu Buhari of Nigeria as its
first-ever anti-corruption champion for
the year 2018 it's an endorsement seen
as a recognition for President Buhari
efforts in the fight against graft in
Nigeria all eyes will likely be on this
mondo Rwandan president Paul Kagame will
not only take over as chairman of the AU
General Assembly but he's also expected
to use this year of the hub to push
through the agenda he developed for a
more independent a year money has always
been a sticking point at the AU it now
wants to have its activities bankrolled
by its members the self financing scheme
requires Member States to levy a 0.2
percent tax on eligible imports to
finance the Union but so far just went
to one of the 55 member states have
implemented it having a predictable
financing for our security financing
programs and also development programmes
is a prerequisite which means that we
need to create a mindset kind of spirit
that the African Union can shoulder its
own development programs 2018 promises
to be even more eventful for the African
Union 18 of its member states have
elections scheduled and 14 of them
either in conflict and moving from one
or have a history of electro strife the
AU's chronically understaffed and
underfunded Department for political
office cannot effectively monitor all
these contests its officials say they
will concentrate just on those requiring
most
still there are problems but Africa now
is taking its own problems by its own
hand by its own solutions african
solution to african problem there will
be notable absent east from the summit
this year though Zimbabwe is Robert
Mugabe and angola's Jose Eduardo dos
Santos veterans of the struggles of a
previous era both of whom have stepped
down after almost four decades in power
their departure some say is proof of a
continent headed in the right direction
Mohammed Al Jazeera Addis Ababa
