the bikini named after the atomic
explosion of citizens 87 ships take
position three miles off bikini to
suffer the shattering impact of the
fifth atomic bomb finicky embroidery in
a new pool of nos and to pool of famine
asking Garza I'm familiar with the
homologous no money never became
marijuana and my beautiful morning knob
for territory from geometry a plant or
animal Aroha again book congenial enough
it was in over over to entire final 19
castles around average of 19 castles in
nnot
the AEC argon labs in Chicago last week
came seven men natives of the Marshall
Islands Leben is from Audrey he and the
rest were irradiated by our March 1954
hydrogen bomb test
John is mayor of Rangga LA which is 100
miles from the chemo John as we said is
a savage but a happy amenable Savage
Eagle examining camera and I kept
accident
I'm looking more in varrock traveling go
for a eg get anything any in pink
Lyonnais tore me a new program when I
was younger and a Caracara German and
terrible by anything
you
