on a stage rather than in a courtroom is
a Truth and Reconciliation Commission
that Australia's never had the play
cooled tribunal delves into the dark
side of Australia's treatment of asylum
seekers refugee actors describe their
experiences of the country's immigration
system the actors also confront the
treatment of Indigenous Australians an
Aboriginal elder plays the courts
magistrate it's about truth-telling and
it's about telling your story and it's
about acknowledging it and healing for
the audience being there is about
sending a signal as well as enjoying the
show it does challenge us as Australia's
to say well what is what has been
happening is unacceptable and yet we
have been accepting it
tribunal is one of several shows at this
year's Sydney Festival which tackle
social issues Jurassic plastic features
dinosaurs created from thousands of
discarded plastic toys it's a comment on
our throwaway society the exhibits with
a social message though are the
exception rather than the rule for the
most part the city festival is simply
about showcasing great and accessible
culture and the city that's hosting it
January in Australia is the middle of
summer Sydney at its best often the way
that we get artists to come is we'll
send them here's a photograph of where
you live and here's a photograph of
where we live in January so why don't
you come down to us much of the festival
takes place outdoors highly sprung is an
energetic mix of trampolining theatre
and a street art of park walk there's
also a karaoke carousel with children
and adults encouraged to sing their way
around the right it's still culture but
a lot less political Andrew Thomas al
Jazeera Sydney
