you so Phineas doesn't want to be here
he's tried twice to go to France and
failed both times now he wants to go
again he says he deserves a better life
you see the only better for me I'm a
father my family depend on me I've
decided to leave Senegal
because when degrees and diplomas seem
useless here as a child he thought he
would play professional football in
Europe instead he went to university and
became an IT engineer hoping to find
work at home but here in Senegal he
never found a full-time job even even
thinking I'm thinking of it my parents
sold whatever they owned to pay for my
education they've never asked me to pay
them back but I know I owe them because
they have suffered for me and I'm ready
to suffer for them and Sonia's is
preparing to travel again by Road and
sea to the shores of Europe despite
joint efforts by police forces and Coast
Guard from both European and African
countries the trafficking of migrants
and refugees continues the UN estimates
the people smuggling trade to be worth
more than thirty five billion dollars a
year and it's booming more than 3,000
people died last year most of them were
African
there are no official numbers migrants
have actually made it to Europe some
have drowned in the Mediterranean others
have died of thirst and hunger in the
desert and then there are those have
been taken up as slaves we were sold by
Senegalese traffickers not Arabs our own
brothers sold us to the Arabs my family
had to pay fifteen hundred dollars to
free me this is NASA's brother a
Senegalese rapper who made it to France
he paid for nias to be freed and sends
money back to his family in this song he
explains why so many want to leave
Africa he says it's the shame of not
being able to support your children your
parents it's the shame of seeing your
loved ones unable to eat the shame of
men unable to provide for their family
that pushes them to leave I feel like a
slave here too and I feel stuck
unable to get out of my current
situation all I want is to be like my
brother to be someone my family can
depend on most Africans wanting to go to
Europe legally get their visa
application rejected and Sonja's his
family agreed to pay traffickers for his
latest trip through Morocco to Spain
it's a journey worth the risks he says
once again he packs his bag ready to go
Nicolas Hawk al Jazeera Dakar
