David Kostas been sleeping on the
streets of London for more than a year
it's a bleak existence it's not easy
it's really hard he's gonna do what they
call you gonna deal with people you know
that there aren't nice sometimes you
know he lost his job as a carpenter and
couldn't afford to pay for housing
he's now worried about his mental health
I just want accommodation a roof over my
head and maybe get it you know she she
she she a doctor to get my head back
together and started going back to work
you know one of the wealthiest countries
in the world more and more people are
now living on the street many are
struggling with addiction mental or
physical illness others are escaping
violence and abuse but an increasing
number here simply because they can't
afford to live anywhere the situation's
made worse by a critical shortage of
affordable housing and cuts to social
welfare benefits according to the
government's latest figures there are
more than four and a half thousand
people sleeping rough on England's
streets but the scourge of homelessness
doesn't end here hidden away in bed
suits and temporary emergency
accommodation a thousands more homeless
people of all ages the entire homeless
population of of Great Britain is around
about 250,000 people roughly thing is is
the most visible and and I have to say
the most outrageous form of homelessness
in terms of you know it being absolutely
unacceptable the average age of death is
just 47 years old you're 17 times more
likely to be attacked on the street than
anybody else the government says it's
committed to having rough sleeping in
four years and eliminating it altogether
in a decade but this is not an isolated
story homelessness is on the rise in
every European country except Finland in
the Greek capital Athens as many as one
in 70 residents are homeless and in
Paris the number of people sleeping
rough has reached critical levels in
Finland when a person becomes homeless
they're given stable accommodation first
rather than slowly progressing through
levels of temporary housing
the British government's planning to
trial a similar scheme in the UK for
those forced to sleep rough need real
change now Nev Parker al-jazeera London
