Australia Day January the 26th marks the
dates when the first British settlers
arrived in 1788 to set up a colony in
what would become Sydney every year
millions come out to celebrate life in
what's often called the lucky country
surveys suggest most don't know why
their national day is when it is but
last year one local council in a Western
Australia moved its events to a
different date it did so because many
Aboriginal people say the 26th of
January is the anniversary of an
invasion which has led to the massacres
of Indigenous Australians and injustice
that continues today the 26th of January
represents the day of mourning and the
death of the misery and the suffering of
Aboriginal people the mayor of Fremantle
Council who initiated the move of events
to January the 28th was painted in
traditional colours as a sign of
appreciation not that you can't think of
a better days in January 26 it's hard to
think of a worse one what we wanted to
do was offer people a choice another
alternative that we hope was more
inclusive in and actually more unifying
around what it really means to be
Australian Fremantle it turns out was
the start of a trend since last year for
more councils in Australia have said
that from this year though either cancel
Australia Day events or move their date
and nationally to the debate has grown a
statue of Captain Cook the Explorer who
found Australia for the British was
recently - faced with change the date
graffiti some prominent Australians are
calling for change including a former
tennis star you know why 26 when this
day is so painful for these people
having seen that I just have this I just
have to support them but in Sydney on
Wednesday at a debate about changing the
date most argued against 26th of January
1788 is a significant time in our
history most of those people like myself
of mixed heritage and those who claim to
be offended would not even exist
if it wasn't for that particular date
others say that marking Australia Day on
a country
you'll date is good because it means as
an annual catalyst for debate each year
the high profile controversy means more
people learn about their country's
history
that leads to a third option keep the
date but change the nature and name of
the day used the morning of January the
26th for commemoration to reflect on the
suffering colonialization meant for
Indigenous Australians then only in the
afternoon change the mood to celebrate
what Australia has become Andrew Thomas
al Jazeera Sydney
