before he left senior leaders in Iran
were on the fence about whether their
president Hassan rouhani should even
attend this year's United Nations
General Assembly the apprehension a sign
of how disenchanted Iranians are with
the international community since the
United States pulled out of the 2015
nuclear deal
sending Iran's economy into a tailspin
so as soon as he returned rouhani took
to the airwaves in a live address
putting down any doubts as to the
importance of his visit to New York the
most important thing that was obvious at
this year's UN General Assembly session
that we saw in the media and also heads
of state said it it was the rightfulness
of the Islamic Republic and the Iranian
nation and the bullying by the United
States rouhani said he was able to use
the visit to openly explain Iran's
policy positions within the legal
framework of the UN the biggest
international stage there is and despite
President Donald Trump's efforts to hurt
Iran's public relations blitz to
maintain the integrity of the 2015
nuclear deal rouhani said his American
counterpart accomplished America has
adopted an approach of unilateralism it
is indifferent to international
organizations and laws it wasn't just
our opinion others also mentioned it in
different ways they accomplished nothing
even during Trump's speech when he
praised his own administration they
laughed at him and the American media
considered this a humiliation for the US
government and their country at home
painting an unflattering picture of
Trump could be seen as shifting blame
for Iran's economic problems away from
his own government the falling value of
the rial a barometer Iranians used to
check their country's financial health
has made the rouhani administration
unpopular at the UN the Iranian
president needed a win the European
Union representing now four plus one
countries basically came and said that
they are
actually take concrete steps in terms of
making sure that the companies that are
dealing with Iran could do so without
facing serious difficulties from the
United States Iran's leaders hope other
nations will help them to legitimately
participate in the global economy even
after more US sanctions take effect in
November and as far as the Iranian
people are concerned economic relief
cannot come soon enough
president rouhani assured Iranians that
America stands alone on the world stage
against them his speech seemed to signal
to his people that if they stick with
him and the nuclear deal just like the
majority of world leaders he just met
that in the end Iran will come out on
the right side of history
Zane Basra via al Jazeera Tehran
