release day for Padma Vaart and cinemas
nationwide resembles security
checkpoints the Bollywood blockbuster
has already provoked months of protests
by some members of the Hindu community
on opening day cinemas braced for more
reaction the film portrays a 14th
century Hindu queen who belongs to the
High Rajput cast an Aladeen coogee a
Muslim ruler the sticking point is a
romantic dream sequence between the
characters seen as a step too far by
right-wing Hindus
actress Deepika Padukone II who plays
the Queen received death threats Hindu
activists from XI Rajput Connie Sena
seen by many as a hard-line nationalist
group have led protests and several
Indian states anger escalated last week
when India's Supreme Court rejected bids
by four states to ban the film the
Rajput community lives only to protect
the country the religion and once
self-respect
a Rajput can be noticed in a crowd he is
disciplined never flees a battle and is
always ready to die there's debate over
whether their concerns are relevant
historians say there is little evidence
the Hindu Queen existed and a confident
she's a fictional character in a Sufi
poem fans of the movie projected the
protests apart from all the
controversies I feel Sanjay Leela
Bhansali is a wonderful artist the kind
of movie he creates it did always worth
watching so know I miss out on this one
just because of one controversy it's
only politics they want media attention
why don't they just watch the movie as
entertainment
this is nonsense hardline Hinduism is on
the rise in India some say emboldened by
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Hindu
nationalist party Indians are waiting to
see if there will be further reaction to
the movie at the box office or on the
streets
Charlotte Palace Al Jazeera
