president Abdel Fattah has c.c.
officially launched his bid for a second
term in office after announcing his
candidacy last week submitting
registration documents for his
re-election bid in March in a speech to
police force members Sisi seemed
determined to project an aura of
strength a Debbie who given all
Egyptians must remain alert some people
want to divert our attention from the
goals we have been working to achieve I
see through the Egyptian people do not
listen to their nonsense talk and stay
committed to achieving construction
development and prosperity the rhetoric
was similar in tone to promises made to
voters during his first presidential
election campaign in 2014 which the
former military chief of staff won with
97 percent of the vote observers said
that election fell short of
international standards since then
disillusionment with his rule has grown
along with a return to the authoritarian
security state that prevailed under
former President Hosni Mubarak CC's
remarks also came the day after one of
his main potential rivals samy annan was
arrested by soldiers army commanders say
their former chief of staff committed
violations when he announced his
presidential bid without obtaining
permits from the Armed Forces Egypt's
Elections Committee says he was removed
from the ballot because it's illegal for
military commanders to run for political
office former prime minister and Air
Force general Ahmed Shafiq had also
announced his interest Shafiq's lawyers
say he's also been detained in Cairo
another would-be candidate behind bars
is Army Colonel Ahmed Khan Sawa a
military court sentenced him to six
years in prison after announcing plans
to run for president
some believe Sisi perceives the rivals
as a threat to his presidency remember
this is a country where presidents don't
leave by elections they either die in
power like German Abdel Nasser they
either killed like Arnold said that or
they're out stood by a mass movement
like Hosni Mubarak the problem is for
Egypt for Sisi right now is he's
struggling to find a puppet candidate
he's struggling to find somebody that
when he wins 95 96 percent of the votes
everybody can say oh that's okay that
that's legitimate
Hammacher fig is not a puppet candidate
semi
is not a puppet candidate they can call
a command wait in the social sphere even
before CC declared his re-election bid
it was widely assumed he would win now
critics say this election is turning
into a farce one more reason why on the
eve of the seventh anniversary of the
beginning of the Egyptian revolution the
brief experiment in democracy that began
in Tahrir Square seemed so very long ago
Mohammed Jim Jim Jazeera
