these planes are on the front line of a
dispute between Qatar and its neighbors
only days ago Qatar complained to the
United Nations that a Marathi military
jets had violated its airspace the UAE
later claimed without providing any
proof that one of its passenger planes
was intercepted by pottery jets which
Doha denies these are the first pilots
to graduate as officers since cutters
neighbors blockaded their country the
UAE s military has been ordered to tone
down tensions and many of these
graduates want ties between the Gulf
countries to be restored but they know
their country has learned an important
lesson in self-reliance they considered
that the blockade will hurt us but on
the contrary we benefited and now our
pilots will be ready for the future but
that readiness for the future has a cost
since the blockade cutter has spent tens
of billions of dollars in military
contracts and allies such as Turkey have
ratified agreements to send thousands of
soldiers to be based in Qatar the Air
Force is getting 24 typhoons from the UK
it's getting 12 disorder FAL fighters
from France the US company Boeing it
will be supplying 36 f-15s the Emir of
Qatar rules over the richest country in
the world per capita and that massive
wealth has brought influence the Air
Force have the latest and greatest
fighter airplanes in the world and
that's why as you can see the peace 21
if you look inside you will see this is
a new generation aircrafts the latest it
has a glass cockpit and it has
everything you need to train a pilot to
become future fighter pilots
cutter is building on its partnerships
across the world to protect it against
the accusations by its neighbors it's
always denied sponsoring terror the
excuse behind the seven-month blockade
pressure intended to bring Qatar to its
knees is actually helping it stand on
its own feet
Javad deserve
