is the president of Egypt scared of the
competition samy annan is the latest
contender forced out of the race for the
presidential election in March the
Army's former chief of staff is under
arrest and a former prime minister has
also been forced to drop out this is
inside story
hello there and welcome to the program
I'm Laura Kyle it doesn't look like many
or should that be any challengers are
going to make it to polling day for the
presidential election in Egypt voting in
March will be the second since abdel
fattah al-sisi deposed president mohamed
morsi five years ago critics say the
election is turning into a farce one
military leader seen as a leading
contender is to replace Sisi is out of
the race
samy annan was arrested by soldiers on
tuesday army commanders say the former
army chief of staff broke the law by not
getting permission to declare his
candidacy and and spokesman says his
arrest means the state doesn't really
want elections at all
well another candidate out of the
running is Ahmed Shafiq the former prime
minister and Air Force chief announced
his challenge in November but withdrew
earlier this month he said he had
reconsidered and didn't think he was the
best person to run the country the
nephew of late President Anwar al-sadat
is also out he's refused to run blaming
what he called an environment of fear
surrounding the election it's a far cry
from the Egyptian revolution seven years
ago then the streets of Cairo were
filled with hopes for change and
democracy millions protested against
poverty unemployment and corruption
president Hosni Mubarak was overthrown
after nearly 30 years in power his
replacement in June 2012 was Egypt's
first democratically elected president
Mohamed Morsi but he was deposed just
past his first year in the job as the
army again demonstrated its power
well protests followed and morsi's
Muslim Brotherhood supporters were
banned the crackdown which followed saw
hundreds killed thousands arrested and
Morsi sentenced to death the last
presidential election was in 2014 former
Army General Abdel Fattah al-sisi won 97
percent of the vote well let's bring in
our guests now and joining us from
Egypt's capital Cairo is Timothy coldest
he's a non-resident fellow at the Tahrir
Institute for Middle East policy in
Berlin we have Ahmed Badawi a senior
researcher with the center for Middle
Eastern and North African politics with
Free University of Berlin he's also the
author of the book the political economy
of Egypt under
see see and finally dr. to a fig Hamid
Hamid political analyst and author who
specializes in Egypt's domestic policy
very warm welcome to all of you a topic
if I could start with you
why was Samy Annan arrested I believe it
is clear that he broke the rules and
regulations of the Egyptian military and
as many knows in military systems all
over the world the rules and regulations
are usually are typically very strict so
anyone who will break it will have the
same consequence like mr. Arnot console
for example who was he was in the
military and he did the same and he was
in trouble so it's it's I think the
blame him comes to mr. Annan why he
didn't take the permission first I so I
see there is no other reason okay maybe
there might be other minor things but
that is amazing she does not set off
alarm bells for you I mean this is
another strong contender disqualified
from the race it doesn't it doesn't
sound normal because this is uncommon
situation but in both situation the same
process happened someone from the
military breaking the rules for example
and he is punished by the rules of the
military itself but I think you this
point may may be valid that there is
trouble if mr. Hisham canina for example
or doctor has mostly who are with mr.
Annan in the group of who put themselves
up for the Egyptian people to choose a
president who was Allen if one of them
applied with his name as a civilian and
then it problem happened to him then we
can say there is intentional desire to
stop any candidate but we have seen
Holly dolly competing and mr. Allen is
out not because he competed but because
he broke the basic rule ok military in
this situation Timothy do you agree with
that is he out because he's broken the
rules I believe that's what the
government like to say look I think the
reality is that to say there were other
minor issues about why I men was
allowed to run is to really be very
disingenuous about the situation Ahmed
Shafiq had already previously run for
president and he was held for a month in
a hotel until he decided that he was no
longer well suited to run until he made
that concession to the government with
respect to Ali he's complained about
harassment of his campaign and of people
trying to register him not being allowed
to to endorse his candidacy and the
nephew of former President Anwar Sadat's
has also complained about the
undemocratic environment that he was
having to deal with the reality is that
Candice regardless of whether not
they're in the military formally or not
have not been able to run unimpeded in
this election and it's quite clear that
this government is not terribly
interested in allowing that to happen
beyond that it's not then would have
been allowed to get the permission that
mr. toffee is disguise
describing and he did in his statement
say that he was waiting and penned for
his nomination to go forward pending the
approval of the military he acknowledged
the regulations he didn't say that they
were unjust or unfair he was waiting for
the military to give him the permission
as as the law does prescribe okay I
could give it to me and Nan would have
known the risks of breaking the rules of
running for presidency without ticking
all the boxes why did he even dare to do
so well we have to be clear that
technically speaking Annan did not break
any rules he did not nominate himself in
fact the the time for the official
nominations is not even open yet what he
did was that he declared his intention
to run once he got all the necessary
permissions from the military so saying
that he broke the rules technically and
legally speaking this is incorrect he
did not break any rules of course he was
aware of the of the of the risks and
this leads me to another problem and
it's really very difficult to discuss it
it's more it's like a black box which is
basically the splits within the the
military
it could be the case that anon was
hoping that he could count on some kind
of support from within the military
establishment we shouldn't forget that a
few days ago President Sisi removed the
head of general intelligence which was
widely viewed as a main competitor to
the military intelligence from which
Sisi hailed so it could be the case that
Annan was counting on some kind of
support either from general intelligence
or from other centers or blocks inside
the army but apparently the regime was
faster and managed to take out this kind
of potential support and left basically
left on an out of the cold on his own
topic is that something that you can
believe because we're seeing now two
former military men putting their
candidacies ford suggesting that they do
have military backing now I see in
theory this can be right but the reality
is that we have not seen any division
within the military or I have not seen a
single unit in the military going to
support a nun for example or a group of
people who works in the military who
declared that they are fully behind on
end or the mr. chvotkin so for example
so III think in theory anything is
possible but the reality on ground is
clearly showing that they don't have
really that a level of support they
would expect maybe they expected they
would have but they didn't if they had
we have we would have seen even small
example or samples of support coming
from here and there within the military
but this never happened okay so they are
scared perhaps is cc of facing a
candidate with a military background I
don't think there's any fear on the part
of CC in terms of losing an election
they are sufficiently in control of the
situation to prevent that and they're
even in control a situation it appears
to prevent the candidacy of anyone else
for that
I think that it the the concern with on
N or with shafy was that sustained
criticism for months during a campaign
of CC and I men also indicated that he
was going to criticize the outsized role
of the military in politics and perhaps
even the economy as he indicated in his
statement when he was a principal in
announcing his intention to run these
sorts of things could affect the
credibility and the popularity of CC and
the military more broadly and could do
some damage but the reality is that the
regime has consolidated power quite
quite effectively and and we saw that
with how decisively and they responded
to an ends announcement to me within 72
hours he was arrested so I think
suspicions that there's a lot of
division in the military are probably
more wishful thinking than reality
and while there may be some of course
that I mean any political system is more
complex than a unified voice there
they're clearly not enough to facilitate
any serious challenge to to CC ok let's
take a look at who is still in the race
awkward we've got Holly dolly I think
you mentioned before he's a leftist
lawyer and we've got more toddler manse
or right-wing MP who is still trying to
drum up the support to get the
nominations do you see these two men
staying in the race to the end to the
mark too much well it's not clear
Mortada Mansour is I don't take him
seriously as a contender Khaled Ali is
more as a different story
Khaled Ali and his campaign they say
that they intend to remain in the race
until the end but there is a court case
against Khaled Ali and the verdict is
due two weeks before the elections
he's accused of making an indecent
gesture in public if there is a verdict
against him then automatically you will
be disqualified from running until now
it seems that
remaining in the race as far as Khaled
Ali is concerned is actually in is good
for halal is definitely good for the for
the regime it would seem odd that Sisi
would run unopposed in the elections so
I suspect that Khaled Ali will continue
and will continue to run until the end
there is a very little chance of course
that he would win but at least he would
give the appearance that there has been
a real electoral competition would you
agree with that topic that Suzy needs to
keep some people in the race to
legitimize the vote the presence of some
people in the race is important because
it gives the impression that it's it's
there is some form of choice but I don't
think LCC will do it intentionally there
are people who are already he wants to
join and as I mentioned earlier a judge
Hisham Janina or doctor has a most legal
were with the samy annan when when as as
the main people be beside him why not
one of them go forward and put his name
for the elections for example so III
think as CC is would like to see a
competition in my opinion he would like
to see a competition because he knows at
at the street level and ordinary people
many of them really are our supporter
and the main factor in my view that will
be really worrying for a cc is if his
supporters went to the to the ballot or
not because there are many people who
are relatively passive they may show
support or have support for someone but
they don't go to to do the effort to go
to the election about a ballot while the
competitors of a CC are more are much
more organised as groups if they are
dedicated to behind someone they will go
in masses behind him so I think the main
challenge in the next stage is to see
the supporters of a CC going to the
destry's to the ballot to put their vote
and this what he asked them to do he
knows that he would get the majority of
the way
to develop the box okay I told you
that's that's that's true isn't it a key
indicator of support for Cece will be
turnout in this election the last one in
2014 was 47 percent absolutely activity
what what's the mood on the street is
there much excitement for this vote and
March no I don't think anyone really I
don't think a lot of people are terribly
interested I mean the outcome is already
in town and I would agree without feet
that the challenge for Cece is to have a
remotely credible turnout given that
everybody already knows the result and
there isn't really much incentive to
bother voting
given that reality the removal of so
many of the candidates from the race
I'll only further discourage his
participation as it becomes more
transparent what it's sham the whole
process is Khaled Ali's campaign says
that they're waiting they're going to
hold a press conference later today to
determine whether or not they will
continue in the race given what's
happened without end so they aren't
fully decided on that I think that the
dilemma for for them is while on one
level yes increasing turnout helps CC
and having it up there person the race
helps CC but at the same time to what
extent it's possible they'd like to
exploit a little public space has to be
made available for this campaign to
happen and it gives them an opportunity
to criticize the president criticized
the political situation in a way that
they're rarely offered given the amount
of oppression that we've seen in the
last few years so they're kind of
struggling to balance those those
different variables to make the decision
about what is best for the opposition
and for the democracy movement in Egypt
at large okay Ahmed since he came to
power today with T two key goals let's
take a little look at his record he
wants to improve the economy and he
wanted to make Egypt more secure how
does he score on those fronts
I think his cause badly on the one hand
he initiated some necessary reforms but
the timing of these reforms and the
sequencing of them
have left many Egyptians feeling the the
the hardship of high prices soaring
inflation and lack of economic
opportunities on the other hand many
Egyptians
are having grievances regarding the way
see see for example has dealt with the
with the issue of Quran and Sunnah fear
- Red Sea Islands that he handed over to
Saudi Arabia does relinquishing Egyptian
sovereignty over them I think the
turning point in terms of the level of
support for him also he doesn't seem to
be very successful in managing the
conflict with Ethiopia over the the the
dam that the Ethiopians are building
which many Egyptians fear is going to
reduce the share of the Nile water that
Egypt receives on the whole yes he
managed to bring back a sense of
security industry but again here it's
not a clear story of success we still
see serious attacks against the military
in particular in Sinai the security
situation there is really very
precarious and we've also seen a lot of
terrorist attacks in the on the mainland
especially against cops and the he
managed to achieve this security through
an incredible level of oppression
thousands are perishing in prison it's
also not clear how there can be security
and sustainable sense of security in
Egypt when right now it seems that any
chance of a peaceful transition into
democracy or a peaceful rotation of
power this is somehow not going to
happen anytime soon
so opening the door to any chance of
peaceful transition of power this in
itself is is a very worrying factor and
might even might reduce the the level of
security in the country on the long run
don't think when you when you hear that
when you hear that record I mean it's
not a particularly good one
he's got declining support in the
country isn't that really why he's so
against having any serious challenger in
this election as I mentioned I don't see
him against having people challenging
him there are already some people and if
a nun did it correctly by putting some
civilian like a marina or has a mostly
instead of him the problem would we
wouldn't have seen this problem but I I
think al-sisi credibility came from the
feel of security that many Egyptians are
talking about it a few years ago they
were really in trouble now many
Egyptians feel more secure and also III
think the pain of changing the depth as
a plans for the subsidies a subsidies
for for electricity and for for gas has
affected many people but there are many
people also can understand this is a
crucial step towards supporting the more
poor people instead of giving more
subsidy to the wealthy who are using
more electricity and more gas so I I
think the the situation is I can't say
it it's everything is perfect but I can
say Egyptians understand that that many
of the problems that they live in it are
not the outcome of el seesi presidency
in fact it was a cumulative problems
coming from Nass of time to presidency
that to Mubarak and then el Sisi carries
all the burden so he is now trying to
solve the problems and it's it doesn't
have a magic wand to want to just change
things in day and night it may take time
but I think many believes it is in the
right direction
Timothy just get a response to that the
Egyptians generally believe that the
country is moving in the right direction
that Sisi is a solver of problems are
they willing to forgive all the tough
austerity measures that have been put in
place I think this is really a mixed bag
here so I mean undoubtedly the
population is suffering under the
economic conditions that amid outline
would be high rates of inflation subsidy
reduction obviously is increasing costs
for people not only for the for energy
but also for for the knock-on effect of
inflation that that adds to to the
equation there are
people who do as as hamid pointed out
except that this difficulty is part of a
long-term strategy that may be necessary
but i mean Hamid's point on the
reduction of energy subsidies in this in
the hope to increase support for the
poor is theoretically correct but in
practice has been quite limited in terms
of how it's been rolled out the the two
catholic Arama program that is part of
the government's effort to give cash to
those most needy in the country is only
affecting a certain is about affecting
one half million families and the
reality is that nearly 30 million people
are officially below the poverty line in
egypt and so getting the assistance
necessary to so many of the people who
are being affected negatively by these
policies is a challenge the government
has not been able to to to overcome and
so the subsidies are being removed now
and the aid that they were hoping to get
is perhaps years away and so a lot of
people are falling through the cracks
and that has led to a lot of frustration
and a lot of people having negative
feelings towards Sisi and the government
more broadly so some people accept that
the challenges are not his fault and
that these policies have to be taken
others question the priorities of the
government when they see mega projects
and glittery receptions and the World
Youth Forum and all these other events
and all this money being spent on things
that frankly don't help them they begin
to question the priorities of the
government and their right to do so I
mean how's the rest of the world seeing
the situation are they happy to let Sisi
get on with it and win another election
in another four years in power well
that's a very good question I mean until
now we see that the rest of the world
seems to be accepting the status quo in
Egypt and accepting Sisi as president
and accepting his regime initially we've
seen some criticism of the military coup
and
but very quickly we've seen this
changing right now the mantra in the
word community is stability stability
stability and as long as they believe
that CC is is ensuring stability then I
think the United States and major
European powers are will be keen on
supporting him the question is is this
going to be sustainable as long as the
CC regime is providing vital services to
the international community in terms of
this fight against terrorism in terms of
preventing more waves of migrants
crossing the Mediterranean to Europe
then I think there will be agreement
that he's fine as long as he's ensuring
this stability and as long as he
continues to provide these services to
the international community okay topic
just in the last minute that we have
we're doing this show seven years after
the uprisings that Elstad Hosni Mubarak
if you if not back right where it
started
now I think it's the it's in a better
direction I I think even though there
are challenges a lot of challenges are
happening as a sequel of the revolutions
and for many other reasons but the
direction I believe is better than it
was during Mubarak I believe the
direction he's better at and if the
fruit will will will come but it will
take some time to see this fruit
happening okay there we must leave our
discussion today many thanks to all our
guests for joining us here on Inside
Story
Timothy coldest Ahmed Badawi and toe fig
Hamid and thank you too for watching you
can see the program again any time by
visiting our website the sound to zero
calm and for further discussion do go to
our Facebook page that's facebook.com/
for /aj inside story you can also join
the conversation on twitter our handle
is at aj inside story from me Laura Kyle
and the whole team here it's bye for now
you
you
