these former child soldiers relax at a
rehabilitation center in Kasai central
they were fighters Porter's cooks of
components a PO a rebel group that has
been fighting government forces since
2016 mark is 17 years old he joined the
group to avoid the consequences of not
joining kids in his friends get beaten
up or even killed for resisting he was
also afraid of government soldiers more
I join as a fighter my festa role was
burning houses when we attacked then I
was promoted to manning a roadblock I
was finally arrested and spent six month
in jail before I was rescued by UN
forces fighting increased of the police
killed a traditional chief who was
critical of President Joseph Kabila's
government in the mineral-rich region
with a history of political and
territorial tension the violence spread
fast this house belongs to a police
commander and when the rebels came to
this area back in August they bind him
alive inside the house people here also
told us they terrorized them for three
days before the military came loose on
Burchell oomba says her husband was
killed by a government soldier has sang
by militias I blame them all I never
imagined my home which has always been
peaceful would become so violent so
quickly and I pray never to see that
happen again the violence has
significantly reduced after an an easy
peace deal between the states and the
aggrieved community of sample kingdom it
was negotiated by this man the community
spiritual leader but he says the
government has not honored the agreement
and accuses its forces of widespread
atrocities as come - Abu Elda I ordered
for peace to come back because I it is a
government and the president who are not
ready for peace condition set out in the
peace talks have not been met whatever
happened next will not be on me the
military and police deployed to this
area remain on high alert guarding the
airport and other facilities they've
also been accused of human rights abuses
in Qatar
we did cite the government had no reason
to attack civilians who did not create
the conflict or any militias the
communions apple and the motive many
people in the countryside where the
conflict was at its worst
our farmers they've been unable to plant
crops for three seasons and though they
say it's time to rebuild their lives
they still fear they may have to run
again Kathleen soil al-jazeera Kasai
central and the Democratic Republic of
Congo
