the Intercontinental Hotel is heavily
damaged the government is investigating
how the Taliban infiltrated the complex
security sources believe some fighters
had been in the hotel for days if not
weeks they knew the layout of the hotel
and were able to hold forces at bay for
hours the security at the entrance of
the hotel should have stopped them but
the fighting started inside the hotel
that means someone helped them from the
inside the attackers targeted specific
rooms were foreigners security staff and
prominent Afghans were staying throwing
firebombs inside Abdul Haq Omari was
with two Afghan diplomats when the
attack began they barricaded the door of
their 4th floor room Amari was on the
balcony when a fire bomb exploded his
friends didn't survive he and several
hotel staff hit on the balcony it's
really bad situation for us and that
time only we count the minutes they will
come and they will Mori describes
hearing people pleading for their lives
before being shot dead one friend and
two waiters tried to escape from a
balcony and fell to their deaths this
time this tourists come today my room
and not the doors he said he said I'm
police please and open the door then I
told and before they the guys did they
don't
until that we are there and don't speak
aloud and that situation and they waited
for eight hours in freezing cold
temperatures before soldiers rescued
them the Afghan intelligence service
blames the Pakistan based Taliban
affiliated Haqqani network relations
between the two countries are already
tense and the US has cut 900 million
dollars in aid to Pakistan because of
alleged support for armed groups was
this ghoulish one I'm a diplomat finest
son it's clear that the enemies of the
people of Afghanistan are not only the
enemies of Afghans they're also the
enemies of development and economies
eleven of the dead were foreign staff
from one of Afghanistan's only
International Airlines Khmer
cancelled flights causing days of delays
for passengers one of the focuses of the
investigation is likely going to be who
were the insiders who helped the Taliban
carry out this well-planned and highly
coordinated attack security sources
believe the attackers had a cache of
weapons inside the hotel well in advance
of the attack that helped them fight the
security forces for so long funerals
have begun this one for Ahmad Farzin a
member of Afghanistan's High Peace
Council he was part of the effort to map
out a peace process with the Taliban a
Taliban fire bomb killed him jennipher
glass al jazeera Kabul
