the families of the 143 mentally
disabled patients who died under this
woman's watch burst into song when she
entered the room the song demands
answers Kidani moshling who was the top
provincial health official when more
than a thousand patients from a facility
called life Issy Domini were moved into
unregistered care facilities because she
thought they needed to be reintegrated
into society and to save money
many of the care centers were
ill-equipped despite other witnesses
testimony to the contrary she insists
she was never warned lives were at risk
I want to apologize for the loss of life
during the implementation of the project
I know that one life losses too many and
I know that those lives we cannot bring
them together but for what it's worth I
sincerely apologize the apology was hard
to hear for Christine new Malu
the health authorities didn't say we
they'd moved to her sister too and after
a month of searching by the time she did
find her it was far too late literally
her skin was very dark and there was
almost no skin it was mostly bone so for
me the impression that I've got is that
she had been
the causes of death of many of the
victims point to neglect malnutrition
pneumonia and dehydration they want
answers police are investigating and
provincial government promises the
tragedy will not be repeated in a number
of areas the protocols were not properly
followed and that policies were also not
followed so we are doing everything to
ensure that now we follow all the
policies and protocols the families say
they won't rest until those responsible
are sent to jail that the deaths of a
hundred and forty-three people demands
nothing less
Tania Paige al Jazeera Johannesburg
