the emergency order means that all cargo
loaded onto airplanes from five
muslim-majority countries will be
required to adhere to what's called a
Cass or
Air Cargo advanced screening protocols
the Transportation Security
Administration admits that most of the
requirements were already being
voluntarily applied by airlines around
the world six airlines Egypt air Royal
Jordanian Qatar Saudi Emirates and
Etihad serving the u.s. from Cairo
International Airport in Egypt Queen
Alia International Airport and Jordan
King Abdulaziz International Airport and
King Khalid International Airport in
Saudi Arabia Doha Hamad International
Airport in Qatar and Dubai International
and Abu Dhabi international airports in
the UAE will be affected turkey had
already been mandated to participate in
a Cass following a failed plot to blow
up an Australian airliner in the summer
as part of the plot high-grade military
explosives were sent from Turkey by air
cargo a cast means air carriers will
have to provide details as soon as is
possible prior to the loading of cargo
to US authorities such as the origin of
a shipment of the sender its eye Tillery
since it was originally sent its
destination and contents these
procedures are not designed to be
extremely prohibitive or extremely
difficult for the airlines
they understand TSA understands that
they're gonna try to streamline this but
again I don't think it's a bad move by
the TSA I think it's a prudent move and
again it's a move that already has some
precedent it's being done in other
places around the world voluntarily the
goal is to detect anomalies authorities
give the example of a 100 dollar printer
that's freely available in the u.s.
being sent to the u.s. at a cost of $500
through one of the five countries it's
hoped that the information supplied
under a cast would flag the shipment for
further inspection the TSA says the new
requirement isn't based on any quote
brand new intelligence but had
demonstrated intent by terrorist groups
to target aviation possibly with a bomb
concealed in a large electronic device
the Trump administration is reported to
be considering extending the
requirements to all air cargo bound for
the US Schreiber tancy al Jazeera
