on the day he would become the first US
vice president to address Israel's
Parliament the Knesset Mike Pence was
greeted with almost presidential
ceremony by zeros prime minister he
didn't take long to return the favor
my great honor it was a description of
Jerusalem that pence would repeat three
times during his set-piece event he got
before he was interrupted by Israeli
Palestinian members of the Knesset
decrying the u.s. position and any
prospect of US involvement in the peace
process there enforced departure cleared
the way for pence to speak to two other
audiences Israelis and US evangelical
Christians for whom the Jerusalem
declaration was a major campaign pledge
in the weeks ahead our administration
will advance its plan to open the United
States Embassy in Jerusalem and that
United States Embassy will open before
the end of next year
Pence's said that his faith largely
determines his long-standing backing for
Israel this speech fused that
religiosity width as offered the near
total political support of the Trump
administration for the government of the
watching Benjamin Netanyahu including
its position on Iran I have a solemn
promise to Israel to all the Middle East
into the world the United States of
America will never allow Iran to acquire
a nuclear weapon he said the US would
back a two-state solution if both
Israelis and Palestinians agreed in
Israel security could be guaranteed and
put the onus on the Palestinians to come
to the table mr. Trump gave them
Jerusalem I mean what an honest broker
that is once the deal of the century in
which Jerusalem plays a major role above
all this speech threw into sharp relief
the different realities which the United
States in Israel on one side and the
Palestinian leadership on the other are
now operating in the Palestinians this
was further damage after Donald Trump's
December declaration further evidence
the United States could not be an honest
broker for Israeli ministers they were
calling it emotional inspiring even
Zionist Netanyahu later added his voice
schooling at a magnificent speech in
particular complimenting its focus on
what he called the evil regime in Iran
it was a powerful expression of the
enduring bond between our two countries
and of your personal commitment to
Israel the commitment of President Trump
and your entire delegation on the first
full day of his visit Mike Pence has
earned the fulsome praise of his hosts
and they have a stronger rejection by a
Palestinian leadership of any US role in
the resolution of this conflict Mary
force at Al Jazeera West Jerusalem
