this is the most exclusive political
club in the world
the high-stakes table in the United
Nations to get a permanent seat in the
game requires a unique buy-in nuclear
capability the issue under discussion
with President Trump in the chair the
five permanent members were not only
allies at the end of the Second World
War but were also nuclear powers no
permanent members have been added since
each of these five wields a veto so any
resolution one opposes is simply not
passed even if there's an absolute
majority in the 15 seat council what
this sometimes means the bodies are
unable to carry out its prime function
the maintenance of international peace
and security yes the veto was used
regularly during the Cold War period
resulting in heightened instead of
decreasing tensions the only unity in
the council between the blocks of East
and West the u.s. able to rely on the
absolute support of its p5 allies France
and the United Kingdom in recent times
had been a flurry of vetoes and the
council particularly over issues like
Syria where the permanent five members
have opposing agenda but there's one
sharp difference now a US administration
under President Trump that can no longer
rely on the unquestioning support of old
friends I think that Trump's
isolationism is making even staunch US
allies like France and the UK start to
think about the need to work with China
more the need to prepare to work without
the US on a lot of issues and you see a
gradual but real drift apart amongst the
Western powers here a possibly
unforeseen consequence of the trumpian
decision to go it alone the rise of
China as a prominent potentially
dominant force within the United Nations
and Beyond Michener al Jazeera United
Nations
