the UN says three billion dollars will
be needed if Yemeni children are to stop
eating out of dumpsters not money will
also be used to provide health
sanitation and basic necessities to 11
million people desperate for
humanitarian aid half of that 3 billion
has been promised by Saudi Arabia as it
continues to carry out attacks in Yemen
it's targeting Houthi rebels but rights
groups say most of those dying are
civilians it's not just the people who
die directly because of the war and the
conflict itself as those people who died
those silent deaths and their villages
or in their towns where they haven't
been able to access good health or
access medical facilities and die for
preventable diseases especially children
the conflict in Yemen is complicated the
calm in the port city of Aden
deceptively hides a political storm
brewing between opposing parties
supported by the same coalition UAE
backed seven secessionists are
threatening the Saudi backed and
internationally recognized government
the secessionists have fought for
control of air and sea ports now certain
forces led by the man appointed by
president Hadi as the governor of Aden
have announced the beginning of the
process to overthrow the hardened
government we reject the deployment of
any north and south while we appreciate
their military role and the necessity of
forming northern resistance forces to
fight the Houthis in the north Aden is
the de-facto capital of the Hadi
government but president Hadi has been
based in Saudi Arabia due to security
concerns his prime minister armand
endeavor has struggled to control
southern yemen despite support from
Saudi Arabia the u.s. gives logistical
guidance at the Saudi military
headquarters in Riyadh as well as
selling them weapons Russia also wants a
role in Yemen but there's concern based
on other Middle Eastern conflicts it
would tilt in favor of the iran-backed
Houthi rebels Russia insists it just
wants peace in the complicated
chessboard of war babies are dying of
hunger Yemenis just wanted to end
regardless of who can make that happen
so I'm living Javed al Jazeera
