chilli and cherries juicy sweet and
above all red intensely red in China
it's believes the color brings good luck
especially when marking the Chinese New
Year next month hence the insatiable
demand it's a tradition that's bringing
good fortune here too this is the
largest production in history exports to
China have a large fruit producers to
grow substantially all the way from
central to southern Chile this is the
very last shipment of Chilean cherries
which will soon be going to the port of
San Antonio to board a ship with a
thousand containers of cherries all
going to China more than 90 percent of
this country's cherries are exported to
that country for a very simple reason no
one pays more than the chinese china's
appetite isn't limited to cherries other
fruits meat and grains that it can't
produce at home have given South America
a 23 billion dollar trade surplus in
food largely with Chile Brazil and
Argentina in less than two decades trade
has increased 22 times making China the
number one importer of Latin American
commodities this presents a problem and
an opportunity says the UN Economic
Commission for Latin America and the
Caribbean Latin American countries have
been talking to the Chinese about this I
mean welcome to invest in Latin America
if you want to welcome to increase our
trading patterns but let's move to areas
of innovation and to provide value added
one of those areas is renewable energy
especially solar Latin American leaders
want China to become a partner in
technology and science not just an
importer of raw materials a gold they
believe will make economic development
in Latin America less reliant on good
luck to improve the region's fortunes
you see a Newman al-jazeera los Lydia's
chilling
