unruhe is an agency besieged by a
funding crisis on the international
stage and here in Gaza by protesting
members of its own staff they're the
ones feeling the immediate pain of the
budget cuts to the UN agency that helps
Palestinians nearly 600 annual contract
workers would have lost their jobs by
year's end more than a hundred
longer-term staffers like Ishmael Tala
have been dismissed or forced to take
early retirement Tala invites us to his
home where his $1200 monthly wage
supports an extended family of 28 people
he'd worked for Unruh for 16 years it's
here that you see in an economy like
Gaza
how much can rest on just one job now I
won't be able to help my brothers which
is going to affect them mentally their
families depend on me because of the
difficulties of life in Gaza if I knew
that this would happen I never would
have joined owner WA in the first place
unruhe says it's had to prioritize
borrowing money from elsewhere in the
organization to ensure that Gaza gets
essential services after the u.s.
decision to end its 360 million dollar
annual contribution more than half of
Gaza is 2 million population are
refugees it's here that the need is
particularly acute it's in places like
this Garza's shotty refugee camp where
you find the most extreme levels of
poverty and for many here aid provided
by Unruh is a matter of survival usefui
she and her family survive on just three
to four hours electricity every day a
barely adequate water supply and food
aid maybe some people have money in
their pockets that can survive if they
stop the aid but us we have nothing
there Aid is all we have if they stop it
we'll die of hunger
unruhe reopened at schools last month
after urging donor countries to step
into the void left by the trump
administration and its efforts to
pressure the Palestinian leadership
through funding cuts the agency's Gaza
director says it's been a year of
short-term fixes the challenge for us is
it's not enough in
you of growing numbers of refugees
growing needs as is evident here in Gaza
we hope that other member states
including from the Gulf countries will
step in not only this year but will make
these longer term commitments thousands
of the agencies Gaza staff protested
last week it's now looking for long term
ways to prevent more people from losing
their jobs and to ensure that its
services survive the u.s. funding plan
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera Gaza
