on Monday this busy shopping district
will fall silent as workers and
businesses join the stripe and it's not
just here shops factories restaurants
and hotels are all expected to take part
across the Gaza Strip doors will close
machines will be turned off and work
will stop from 8:00 in the morning for
six hours the strip's main commercial
organization called the strike we wish
through this strikes and a message to
our leaders Arab leaders international
leaders and to the United Nations the
Gaza Strip will collapse soon and we
need immediate help if the economy
collapses it will have impacts
everywhere health education and all
services businessmen are listening and
they want to take part they say things
are getting desperate and there's no
money in the economy all Gaza will be
closed we will be on strike and we want
the world to listen to know our
suffering and help us to find a solution
Gaza is reaching breaking point but any
impact of the strike outside of Gaza is
likely to be small the international
community and the world are going to
listen or not but I think this is a
direct message to Israel who is
besieging and locating the Gaza Strip to
pay attention to what is happening in
terms of the humanitarian crisis that is
happening here in Gaza for more than 10
years the Gaza Strip has been under
siege by Israel it controls what gets in
and out and restricts everything from
consumer goods to construction materials
Israel says it won't lift the siege on
Gaza until Hamas and disarms now Hamas
used to rule the strip up until recently
but now it's under the control of the
Palestinian Authority Hamas says it
won't disarm until the end of the
occupation now the strike is likely to
have an impact here but will it have an
impact on Israel it's unlikely because
of the hardline position they take Imran
Khan al Jazeera Gaza City
