on the second leg of his regional visit
the u.s. vice-president was keen to
offer assurances to a major Middle
Eastern ally and by extension to the
Palestinians who refused to meet him on
the issue of Jerusalem we are committed
to continue to respect Jordans role as
the custodian of holy sites that we take
no position on boundaries and final
status those are subject to negotiation
and and as I've made clear to you and
the president made clear the world the
United States of America remains
committed if the parties agree to a
two-state solution for all the Arab
world's public outrage with the
recognition by u.s. President Donald
Trump obduracy Lumas Israel's capital
the Jordanian King offered a
conciliatory tone your visit here I'm
sure is to rebuild the trust and
confidence in not only how we move
forward with two-state solution on us
June 4th 1967 lights and his Jerusalem
as a capital of an independent
Palestinian state but living side by
side with a secure recognized Israel
headquarters with international or
zanu-pf Peace Initiative that's far from
the line being taken by the Palestinian
leadership it's President Mahmoud Abbas
declaring that the u.s. had given it the
slap of the century reiterating his
position that the US could no longer be
involved in the peace process the u.s.
vice president isn't meeting the
Palestinians but he does have a message
publicly apparently tailored towards
them reiterating u.s. support for a
two-state solution if that's what both
sides agreed to of course for the
Palestinians that message is entirely
overshadowed by what Donald Trump said
over a month ago declaring that the u.s.
viewed Jerusalem as Israel's capital the
many The Messenger himself is part of
the problem the shift in US policy with
which pence was closely associated was
welcomed by his evangelical Christian
base many of whom believe the return of
the Jews to the Holy Land is a precursor
to Jesus's second comings Pence has an
agenda that is extremist fundamentalist
literalist Christian absolutist ideology
which goes against all the beliefs and
commitments of the Arab
Palestinian Christians in particular and
they feel that they have been betrayed
by somebody who is dealing them a
tremendous injustice using religion as a
justification for Israelis it's a
different picture Pence represents a US
administration that recognized what they
see is an uncontroversial reality
Jerusalem status as their capital a
great friend of the State of Israel
arrives here this evening a true friend
United States Vice President Mike Pence
we welcome him here and I'm looking
forward to our discussions we will
discuss the Trump administration's
efforts to halt Iran's aggression the
Iranian nuclear program and ways to
advance peace and security in the region
after a morning meeting with the Israeli
prime minister on Monday pence will
address the Israeli Parliament the
Knesset israeli-palestinian
representatives have vowed to boycott
the event on mass Harry Fawcett al
Jazeera occupied East Jerusalem
