gunmen stormed the Intercontinental
Hotel in Kabul on Saturday night
a Taliban says its fighters were
searching for government workers
security forces and foreigners Afghan
officials say 160 people including 41
foreigners have been rescued the siege
lasted more than 16 hours
Jennifer glass has more from Kabul well
as you can see it's very dark behind me
normally this would be a very brightly
lit hotel but Afghan security force has
turned off the power to the hotel during
that 16-hour siege as they fought four
to four with Taliban militants inside
the hotel it has been a very very
difficult day for the guests inside the
hotel for the staff inside the hotel and
their relatives waiting to see what has
happened to them at President Ashraf
Ghani is calling for an investigation
how these attackers got into the hotel
the Taliban has claimed responsibility
for this siege saying that the targets
were foreigners for government officials
and security forces they say they tried
to minimize civilian casualties by
holding the attack on this weekend as
opposed to last weekend when they said
there was a large wedding planned at the
hotel the Afghan president praised his
security forces saying they did their
best to minimize casualties it was a
very very difficult fight and we saw
through the day explosions and gunfire
and grenades going off as special forces
fought with the Taliban unwell guests
hid in their rooms and in areas of the
hotel some very desperate guests tried
to get out using curtains using sheets
and climbing down from the higher floors
to the lower floors to escape a terrible
siege situation the question now of
course will be how did these attackers
get into the hotel
and how do they do so with so many
weapons and explosives and we're able to
hold off the security forces for so long
