heading to Asia now where the United
Nations Special Rapporteur for Myanmar
has been visiting reinga refugee camps
in Bangladesh Yankee Li was banned from
entering Myanmar her visit to
neighboring Bangladesh comes just days
before her refugees are due to start
returning to Myanmar the repatriation
process is expected to last at least two
years more than 600,000 reinga her fled
to Bangladesh since Myanmar's Army
launched a crackdown in northern Rakhine
State in August Charles Stratford is in
the below cally refugee camp in
Bangladesh and spoke with the UN Special
Rapporteur I don't think that the
situation has really improved in Myanmar
and first of all where would they go
back to they've lost their livelihood
they've lost their crops
they've lost their fields all the other
rice now is reportedly being sold
elsewhere to other countries they've
lost their homes so the rebuilding
process is going to be huge and the
people should not be subjected to living
in another camp like situation we all
know what happened after 2012
people are still theirs after 2012 and
I've talked to people in chop you they
were told that they would stay for come
on Muslims for three days they ended up
staying so and I know that the refugees
are very concerned about that
what can the international community
really do in terms of pressuring some
sort of process to call to account those
guilty of these alleged atrocities that
have been committed inside me online I
think the international community should
do more to pressure that and if there
you know we we've all heard never again
and if these people who we know have
committed some of you know somebody has
to be held accountable and somebody
needs to
see that these people are held
accountable with respect to the aid
effort here what can the international
community do to better help Bangladesh
this is not going away
in the near future is it this crisis
what I've seen so far with just a few
days of rain or even a half a day of
rain we will be witnessing landslides
and then we may see more casualties
coming a huge number of casualties as a
result of this and the concentration of
the people in in proximity is just it's
just not human the way they can live in
dignity the accounts need to move out to
be disbursed a little bit and this is
where the international community can
help to try to to disperse these counts
and and maybe ask the government to
provide more live
