shortly before sunset on Saturday turkey
launched its air campaign on a fleen
Turkish officials had said all we were
that the operation was imminent
president reg if tie-up aired on spoke
just a few hours before the Jets took
off we will wipe out this corridor
step-by-step starting for the West
effort operation has de facto started in
the field this will be followed by men
Beach since the promises made about
their Beach have not been kept so far
nobody can say anything when we do what
is necessary throughout the morning
along turkey's western border with our
fleet the Turkish army had brought in
bulldozers gravel and concrete blocks
preparing to build up their defenses
along the border wall with Syria tanks
shelled specific locations on the
mountain and hours later this mountain
would be targeted by airstrikes the army
made us move from this position a few
hours before the campaign officially
began this is just one of the locations
that the Turkish army is shelling a
freenas pretty much surrounded Turkey to
its west and north and has also been a
buildup inside Syria by Free Syrian Army
fighters to the east of a free now those
are the rebels that Turkey supports
Turkey had reinforced the FSA with
thousands more men over the last few
days these buses drove the fighters
across the border into Syria they will
be part of a ground offensive against
the YPG the Kurdish group turkey
considers to be a terrorist organization
it is also however the group the
Americans consider their best ally in
fighting ISIL the international
dimensions are vast Russia announced it
pulled out the few hundred military
personnel it had enough leaned shortly
after the campaign started and Russia
controls this air space meaning Turkey
could not be flying their planes without
Russia's consent turkey says it is only
targeting what it calls terrorists but
there are already reports coming out of
our footing that civilians have been
affected
it seems Syria seven-year war is
entering yet another phase Stephanie
Decker al Jazeera on the turkey-syria
border
