this two-month old cough is like any
other baby she demands constant
attention but a few weeks ago it was an
ero almost drowned in a flooded river in
northern Kenya she's now at this
elephant century where Russia Anunnaki
is helping to settle her after the
rescue all of the curves here have
either been abandoned or lost their
mothers to drought approaching but
unlike any other century this one is
entirely community owned in Anika is
from the Samburu tribe they're nomadic
herders who rely on goats sheep and
camels to help provide a livelihood
before this the community this community
they do this like well delay but for now
they come to realize that this world
life has some beneficial benefits linen
yucca goes on to say that work at the
century means a better life for many
here and so his community appreciates
the animals more money from tourists who
visit the sanctuary also helps to
provide local villagers with much-needed
water health care roads and financial
assistance for students the sanctuary is
run by a Board of Trustees made up of
elders who employ local people to work
there in Aniak a says these days people
from surrounding villages are
increasingly helping with conservation
efforts community members are often the
ones tipping off the century when
there's an animal in need after a calf
is rescued it's support to the sanctuary
and kept separate from the other coughs
for five days once the keepers know the
new elephant is healthy its introduced
to the nursery and its temporary family
the sanctuary falls under the namunyak
Conservancy which is home to about
50,000 people the Samburu have always
lived with wet life and although the
population has grown
and the number of livestock the amount
of livestock in this valley has grown
they still are happy to coexist with
wildlife because they're not natural
hunters and they're not poachers and so
they feel like it's their it is their
role to take care of the environment
here it's estimated that between five
and ten elephant calves are rescued in
northern Kenya each year while the rat
eighty century is just over a year old
keepers here say their conservation work
will leave a lasting impression familiar
mela al jazeera Samburu county
