two of the world's most opaque and
secretive organizations have just
initialed an historic agreement China's
ruling Communist Party and the Vatican
have decided to set aside decades of
hostility it's significant because China
maintains strict control over all
religions and they're believers China's
roughly 12 million Catholics are divided
between a state-run association whose
clergy are chosen by the government and
an unofficial church which swears
allegiance to the Pope
the provisional deals is aimed at
resolving the vexed issue over who gets
to appoint bishops with the Pope
insisting he'll have the final say on
names this breakthrough could be the
beginnings of a rapprochement for the
first time since diplomatic relations
were severed 67 years ago while many
Catholics have welcomed the pact it's
been condemned by others including
Cardinal Joseph Senn the former bishop
of Hong Kong what's been less discussed
though are the secret talks that have
been going on for years between Chinese
and Vatican officials one of those with
inside knowledge is Francisco Sisi an
Italian academic and journalist based in
Beijing he was invited to interview the
Pope more than two years ago I sat down
with Sisi recently in Beijing
francisco you were one of the first
journalists to interview the current
pope why do you think he wanted to talk
to you I think he wanted to talk to you
too to talk to China he didn't want
really to talk to me he wanted to talk
to China it took a long time to to
understand how we should gear there was
a lot of preparation who should gear the
interview and I think he wanted to talk
to the Chinese people as they are not
necessarily Catholic not necessarily
concerned about the same issues that
concern and worry people in the West but
he wanted to reach out to the Chinese
people
why is Jesuit therefore he is in the
tradition of Matariki
and China is one big thing and of course
China is the new frontier for the
Catholic Church it has been so for
centuries but especially now I would say
new frontier in terms of getting new
members also but also having I would say
a foothold here
China has you know a systemic
differences with with the West every
country has an embassy here the Catholic
Church for so many reasons has been kept
out of China and these Pope wants to
reach out to have a foothold here that's
interesting so are we looking at the
possibility of the Vatican establishing
a representative office in China rather
like the United States did in 1972 after
Richard Nixon came here absolutely yes
and this could happen within this year I
would say that soon
I think it is a possibility we don't
know there are of course many things up
in the air but there is love in the air
the song was saying now if that happens
in the next logical step is the
establishment of diplomatic relations
not necessarily they are talking as far
as I know about normalization of ties
that is because both sides want to keep
Taiwan quiet and not worried next years
there are very delicate elections in
Taiwan and nobody wants to rock the boat
there but do you think the Vatican would
rather have diplomatic relations with
Beijing than Taiwan I think this
question is right the Vatican is really
as far as I know not worried about
Taiwan per se it is more Beijing that is
concerned about the stability of the
political situation in Taiwan is this
all leading do you think to to the
prospect maybe of the Pope even coming
to China I mean this is a year of big
political surprises a Kim Trump summit
could we have a Pope coming to China it
is a possibility of course we have to
see first the normalization of ties and
then the Pope definitely wants to come
here he told you that
yes many times yes if that were to
happen and let us imagine for a moment
you have the Pope and Xi Jinping sitting
in a room facing one another they don't
have a great deal in common and yet in
some ways they do on the one hand you
have the Pope arguably the most popular
figure in the world right now and on the
other hand you have the man who is
arguably the most powerful leader in the
world right now what would they say to
each other I think knowing a little bit
a little bit the Pope and from the
outside looking at
Jim Payne I think that both very humane
and they have they would reach out to
one another on a humane basis I mean the
Pope is very interested in the people
who meet him he looks into them you know
he's curious about them is curious about
their souls is searching in their eyes
and my sense is that shipping is also in
a similar way the same is very bodily
personality but they they they come from
sort of diametrically opposed
encompasses an atheist a hardcore
authoritarian communist and then we have
the Pope
what on earth do they have to talk about
there is a human element in both of them
there is a human curiosity I definitely
the Pope is curious about seeing pan I'm
pretty sure about that and I think also
see jumping has a personal curiosity
about the Pope who he is what is really
looking like so I would say they have a
lot to talk about who reached out to who
first and how did it happen was it the
Pope who sent a communication does she
or was it the other way around
hmm I think it was the Pope first who
said publicly many times he wants to
come to China and my sense is C of
course responded but something else
happened didn't it Xi Jinping in the
Pope were both in the United States at
the same time and the visit by the Pope
actually had a profound impact on Xi
Jinping what what what was that effect
yes I think that was the trigger of all
things in 2015 or outturn 2015 mmm they
knew in in China and she deeply knew
about the Pope knew about the Holy See
he heard that
holy c was important but really he
didn't understand he didn't feel how
important the Pope was and how important
he was in the Western world and in
America so here it was C jumping
expecting red carpet expecting that the
whole country the whole United States
would kneel down to him and forget about
everything else and just pay attention
to the Emperor coming from China and yet
they almost forgot about him not talking
but he was a closed it was eclipsed it
was eclipsed by the Pope who also
eclipsed the presidential campaign so
these two things he eclipsed the Pope
and he Clips the presidential campaign
which you remember was very fierce
between Trump and Hillary Clinton and so
sitting being realized oh gosh this guy
is the real deal this guy is the real
super soft power and I think that you
know that changed the perspective he
wants some of that I think he realized
that the leadership realized she Jinping
is we speak up see Jimmy as Chinese
leadership realized that if China is to
be the superpower the the great power in
the world must deal with the super soft
power the one guy who eclipsed the
presidential campaign who eclipsed the
future President of the United States he
is more powerful in the global
imagination than any political leader so
here we are and here we have two of the
world's most secretive organizations the
Vatican on the one hand Chinese
Communist Party on the other talking to
one another how are they communicating I
mean have we had face-to-face talks
between officials from both sides and if
so what has been discussed yes there had
a series of face-to-face talks over the
past 20 years or so officials on both
sides meet in Beijing and in
in Rome yes this has been reported and
talked to one another and they talk to
have been talking about normalization of
times there are numbers of issues and
they talk about that you you have
written extensively about this but also
about the the possibility the prospect
the likelihood of the Vatican and the
Chinese Communist Party doing a deal on
the appointment of Bishops in China how
significant is that to people who
perhaps would appreciate that
significance outside of China the deal
perhaps is even bigger than the
appointment of the bishops in a way
there was a basic agreement on the
appointment of a bishop which was
reached about a decade ago so now we are
speaking of a broader agreement about
the life of the church in China and that
could be a massive historic watershed
why am I saying so because if for the
first time ever in the history of China
the Chinese emperor whatever you want to
call it now party secretary or the
president allows a foreign presence that
is the Pope in this case to have a say
in the internal affairs of China so he
T's massive massive but you could flick
it the other way around it's also giving
the Communist Party a say in decisions
made by the church isn't it because yes
the Communist Party was still as I
understand it correct me if I'm wrong
the Communist Party
Xi Jingping would still have the
ultimate say over the appointment of
Bishops is that right I wouldn't know if
it is the ultimate say I will not say
the who is the ultimate say because that
is very delicate but yes of course he
has a say he will have a say but in this
sense this is more you know historically
the church did a lot of these kind of
deals in the
in its history that the history of the
church is about dealing with Emperor's
there was the German emperor the emperor
in Constantinople the emperor in Spain
so it has all been dealing with the
emperor napoleon whatever whoever
thought the church has an experience as
a tradition i would say all dealings
with emperors the the difference here is
that china didn't have this kind of
israel so the church comes in with a
history for for the china is totally a
new thing we have seen in recent months
that two bishops who were excommunicated
by the vatican ii - um so called
underground bishops have now been
reappointed how unprecedented is that
actually this is not really very
unprecedented excommunication in the
catholic church is a measure used for
teaching you know is a kind of warning
i'm warning you that you are committing
a serious mistake it's a serious sin so
if you repent and regret you will be
range satan and you will be forgiven so
again the church has a lot of experience
in that is this arrangement this deal as
you've suggested going to give the the
vatican more influence in china but also
the communist party a greater say in
decision makings in the decision-making
process in a way if I may be blunt and
not diplomatic the Communist Party
already has a lot of say in whatever the
church does in China so you know there
is nothing new what is new is that
officially the Catholic Church will have
a say in the life of the Catholic Church
in China parallel to the approve
to Catholic Church in China we have the
the so-called underground church and as
you know there's been some resistance
from from from them there have been
suggestions by the former Cardinal of
Hong Kong Cardinals then that giving the
Communist Party more power over the
Catholic Church is in his words evil and
a betrayal does he have a point not
really I don't think so
why because who decides that there are
two churches it is the Catholic Church
the Catholic Church excommunicated
Communist Party in the 50s because they
were atheist
however these differences between
underground church and official Church
has been lifted with the letter of Pope
Benedict in 2007 and therefore the
church recognizes there is only one
Church in China but you're right there
are two communities and maybe more than
two communities because the rift has
been deep there were a lot of huge there
is a lot of hatred between Catholics
coming from different tradition you
betrayed us you didn't betray as you
sided with the Communists you didn't
side with the Communists and so it is
the task of the church as Cardinal
parolin said to try to bring these
communities together because these
people in the underground churches as
you would know see themselves as the
true followers I would say under gate
community not Church doesn't exist a
comedy what why the distinction because
church is the church itself the Catholic
Church that defines a church right why
there is an Anglican Church because the
Anglicans are out of the Catholic Church
and the Catholic Church doesn't
recognize as a church so it is if the
Pope recognize you as part of us you are
no longer in a different Church you see
so it is very important distinction one
church two communities
it is the poor who decides so there so
is a Pope saying there are no
underground Catholics there are no
underground Catholics yes there are
underground communities communities not
Church in fact in China there is nothing
underground the Communist Party knows
everything nothing is secretive in a way
what is important is that some in the
past in the past some Catholic Bishops
were appointed by the Pope and not
recognized by the official Beijing
government but this is also part of the
deal with the Vatican
so these bishops are being recognized
will be recognized by the government so
everybody will be official so to speak
what about the bishops I gather there
are at least eight bishops currently
held detained here in China I don't know
where you talk when you take this these
other I don't I don't think there is any
Bishop detained as far as detained
Catholics yes yes detained Catholic
detains possibly some priests details
however I'm not saying that the life of
Catholic Church is glamorous and that
this daily is wonderful and there's no
problem these deals is fraught with
problems it has a lot of issues but
unfortunately the life of Catholic
Church has a lot of problems in many
countries as someone who's your home has
been China for the last thirty years you
are an academic here you obviously have
very good connections with the Vatican
how do you personally feel about the
prospect of this deal I'm personally
excited I'm personally excited I've
worked on these for many many years I
you know I talked to both sides on on a
number occasion for me of course it's a
kind also in its multiple way a personal
achievement and
the two sides managed to understand one
another that is not to say that they
agree what the other side stands for or
all the points made by the other side
but they at least there is more
understanding by both sides what is
curious is that all this is happening at
a time when you know China's becoming
more authoritarian we're seeing
crackdowns on freedom of speech on
religion not just the Christian faith
but also the Islamic faith but why is Xi
Jingping making an exception almost an
allowance for the for the Pope two
things
first we just mentioned because it is a
super soft power so you cannot just
ignore this this is a very important
international actor and especially when
the international atmosphere outside
becomes so tense you know you have to
deal with this soft power second I would
say there is trust between China and the
Holy See why trust because there have
been talks for many years and talks went
quite smoothly so Trust is extremely
important for China and it is really
important also for the Holy See so it
costs more one another I wouldn't say
they totally trust one another but there
is more trust I spoke about the
resistance that this deal is having in
in some quarters but what resistance is
the Pope confronting in the Vatican a
lot of resistance and I would say the
resistance is there are two sets of
resistance in a way this Pope is
extremely controversial is in places in
the Curia his his approach to some
ethical issues is new brakes some old
molds of the Catholic tradition that is
very hard for this conservative I would
say to attack the Pope on the because
he's more so to speak liberal on sexual
issues on family
but the China issue is more of you know
easier to grab and try to use him as a
tool against him
and what about Xi Jingping what sort of
resistance do you think he is facing if
indeed he's facing any resistance at all
from elements within the Communist Party
I think he's facing a lot of resistance
there are lots of people concerned
because the Catholic Church is known to
be a friend of the West and to have
hidden agenda and that the hidden agenda
is really to topple the Communist Party
and establish God knows what but he must
have seen you know what happened in
Poland more than more than thirty years
ago when he seized the power that the
church can have this potential risk here
for Xi Jinping isn't there yes there is
and that's there is been talk about this
issue a lot of talk about it and I think
correctly so the Vatican said yes we had
an objective role not a subjective role
but the issue in Poland and in the
former Soviet Union was the that the
system was broken and fragile and
therefore it brought down however they
said we helped Cuba to survive Cuba is
still a socialist country so there is
not an ideological prejudice against
communist parties it is the Pope in
danger of giving legitimacy to the
Chinese Communist Party one can say so
there is this danger that what the Pope
does is not giving or not giving
legitimacy to political actors or
players is not the Pope and the church
has long abandoned the idea of lending
its credibility to any Emperor being
Constantine or anybody rather they want
vans the idea of helping the people in
every place of the world and also
helping peace now it is a dangerous
times it's risky times there is talk of
a new cold war the church wants to avoid
if possible this cold war and the Pope
thinks that she Jingping can help
prevent a third world war I would say
that talking to see Jim Payne
could help prevent Trump is about to
talk to Kim Germany's willing to talk to
King German and I would say that King
Germany's by far worse than C Jim Payne
so the Pope may as well talk to see Jim
Payne thank you
