whosever hinder men women and children
are just some of the new arrivals they
fled Myanmar into Bangladesh in recent
days and are now being provided shelter
in a refugee camp close to the border
Tahari Begum says she paid a boatman
around $70 to ferry her family across
the river into Bangladesh but she and
her three sons then got separated from
her husband 16 year old daughter and the
boy's grandmother she doesn't know where
they are the Myanmar soldiers were
demanding girls they said give us girls
and save yourselves they have been
giving the revenger cards that say we
are from Bangladesh the Myanmar
government considers the reinjure
illegal immigrants and they've suffered
decades of persecution the latest
crackdown began after a reinjure rebel
group attacked police posts
killing a number of security forces in
August last year hundreds of thousands
of reinjure fled the violence the UN has
accused Myanmar of ethnic cleansing it's
estimated that the army killed at least
six thousand seven hundred Ranger in the
first few weeks of the crackdown we
don't want to go back my brother-in-law
and my nephew were slaughtered as my
children are still so young they are
safer but the adults are killed carrying
what few belongings they have Tahira and
her sons are taken to collect their
shelter kits the distribution center is
a 20-minute walk through the camp where
more than 650,000 reinjure refugees live
now the families are handed bags
containing basic household goods and
health care items although the number of
Ranger crossing from Myanmar in to
Bangladesh in recent weeks has dropped
considerably according to the
International Organization for Migration
around 2400 people crossed in December
alone now the plan put forward by the
Myanmar and the Bangladesh governments
to start repatriating reinjure that
wants to go back to myanmar is due to
start in a couple of days
new arrivals like these that highlight
just how vulnerable and afraid the
region Myanmar remain the UN and
international aid organizations say it's
too early for refugees to return when
their security cannot be guaranteed IOM
is not involved in repatriation these
talks are happening bilaterally between
the two governments but as you can see
today we are still having people
arriving on a regular basis in desperate
need of humanitarian support Tahira and
her boys are taken to the place where
aid workers are building their shelter
this tiny bamboo and tarpaulin heart
will be home for the foreseeable future
I hope my husband daughter and
grandmother can find us here
she says chance trafford al Jazeera
Baloo Cali refugee camp Bangladesh
