with wars and conflicts continuing to
rage and crises after crisis threatening
the safety and well-being of millions of
people around the world the question is
who and how can we bring an end to all
this suffering now for years the
responsibility has always been placed on
the United Nations but it's often failed
to end these crises and conflicts
because of the very nature of the
organization and how it is set up on the
one hand you have the General Assembly
which is viewed as the world's
conscience but on the other hand you
have the Security Council that's tasked
with essentially ensuring peace and
security but often fails to do so as a
direct result of the veto power wielded
by only five countries the arguable
incompetence of the United Nations has
been most evidence recently in the
debate over the USS decision to
recognize illegally occupied Jerusalem
as the capital of Israel as Miroslav
light check the president of the UN
General Assembly talks to Al Jazeera he
tells us that despite all of its
shortcomings the UN is the best option
for world peace
was electric thank you very much for
talking to Al Jazeera thank you for
inviting me prior to your arrival in
Doha you were in the United Arab
Emirates and just over a week ago there
was a complaint filed by cutters UN
representative to the UN about emirati
Jets infiltrating Qatari airspace the
situation here is extremely fragile to
say the least
what's your message or what has your
message been to the people that you've
been meeting and Emirates and here in
order to find a solution to this crisis
yes it's true that prior to my visit to
Qatar I visited United Arab Emirates and
Kuwait as well and of course I've used
my meetings with leaders of those
countries including here to discuss the
regional situation which is sensitive
and I think the talks I had helped me to
to get a much better picture about the
situation right now and I'm going to
discuss it with the secretary-general
Antonio Guterres right now to answer
your question about the message message
is to stay calm
to avoid any provocations and of course
to to resort to dialogue plus I also
believe that the region has the capacity
to sort out these disputes and the
international community is worried but
also believes that the that will be a
solution there will be a negotiated
solution which will be I would say
regional and what role does the UN
General Assembly have do you think what
role could it play to make this solution
come a bit faster because this is a
crisis that has been going on now for
for seven months and it is threatening
what is the last remaining stable piece
of land or area so to speak within what
is a very turbulent Middle East region
the Gulf is literally maybe the last
part of the Middle East that isn't
fraught with one the Gulf is definitely
a very powerful voice and this voice is
missing right now because of this
internal situation in the region and
that's why that's why I believe it's in
interest of every country that belongs
to this region to find a solution and
the UN General Assembly can play a role
but
not be requested to do so which is good
I think at this stage because UN steps
in when there is a a no possibility for
local original actors to find a solution
so United Nations does not impose itself
on any of the of the situations and I
believe that we have a lots of trust in
in cavaties mediation efforts and I
encouraged my partner's in Kuwait to
continue this desire well on the only
issue of imposing maybe actually there
is a much more pressing conflict that
isn't far from from the GCC that the GCC
is playing the role in which would
require you to actually impose and that
is the war in Yemen that's been led by
Saudi Arabia and also orchestrated by
the Emiratis and according to the UN
it's transformed Yemen into the worst
humanitarian crisis of our time children
are either killed by the bombs or
they're killed by cholera or by
starvation why has the General Assembly
not pushed for an end to this war how
much more suffering has to happen for
the UN to actually start put its foot
down and say this has to stop now
because it's not for the General
Assembly to do so this is a primary
priority for a responsibility of the
Security Council which according to the
Charter is the body responsible for
maintenance of international peace and
security the General Assembly deals with
issues when they are brought to the
attention or asked to be put on the
agenda which has not been the case of
course United Nations follows the
situation very closely and we are very
much worried about the dire humanitarian
situation been put on the agenda what
stopped at least the General Assembly
coming out and discussing it and maybe
even suggesting that this should then go
to the Security Council is it because
Saudi money or the Emirati PR is so well
functional that it prevents countries
from going to the General Assembly it's
not my role to speculate I'm the
president of the General Assembly I am
to protect the dignity and integrity of
the United Nations General Assembly and
also to respect the division of
responsibilities between and among
different UN bodies and as I said the
General Assembly of course according to
the Charter can deal with any matter but
the issues that have directly to deal
with with peace and security
should be addressed primarily by the UN
Security Council
the war in Syria Iraq Afghanistan to
name just a few years forced hundreds of
thousands if not millions of people to
flee their homes risking their lives
just to get to safety this has been
going on for several years now you
yourself have been very vocal about this
issue and despite the fact that this has
been going on for years we still see
video of those crammed inflatable comedy
Hold'em boats you know rubber dinghies
essentially sinking in the middle of the
sea we still see the videos and pictures
of the children washed up so why is this
problem not being solved so now it's an
irony that being this is a global
phenomena as it is we do not have a
single international convention or
framework addressing this issue of
migration and this is exactly what we
are doing right now at the United
Nations General Assembly we are working
on an adoption of the first-ever
International document called Global
Compact for safe orderly and regular
migration and that the name already
indicates what's the purpose to limit
the unsafe disorderly and irregular
migration and to try to help establish
rules so that people move out of choice
and not out of need and when they are on
the move the rights are protected and
they their dignity is protected but
after this phenomenon of refugees
essentially feeling that they have more
chance to survive in the midst of the
Seas without any kind of proper vessel
to take them to across the waters then
if they stay at home that despite all of
this increasing over the past couple of
years that the best the United Nations
can do is come up with a non legally
binding document you see how this is
something maybe that makes people lose
faith in the United Nations no I don't
think so United Nations is here to set
global standards and to be a global
leader we need to help to address the
global phenomena and to help the Member
States to turn this or transform into
that national legislation migration is a
well in recent years migration has been
identified with the with the people who
are crossing the Mediterranean and many
of them drowning and losing
life tragically and migration has many
forms and of course people are migrated
as a consequence of conflicts but also
bad governance and also climate change
so we need a one comprehensive view of
the vast majority I think it's fair to
say or not the vast majority but the
majority at least is as a result or
direct result of conflicts and Wars and
my question is it's true that
governments are failing the most
vulnerable it's not just the United
Nations you're talking about governments
that refuse to allow people in I mean
people I don't think that it's the
United Nations who is failing there it's
it's the it's the government of course
and and the conflicts and conflicts
don't happen out of nothing but the
United Nations is tasked with trying to
solve these conflicts and that's what
this is to do
yes governments are failing but there is
a root cause true these which is the
conflict itself so surely rather than
trying to look at ways of convincing
governments to allow more people in
surely rather than to look at ways of
how to protect these migrants from
getting from one place to another we
should look at the root cause of it
which is the actual war and the conflict
itself we are right now working very
hard in the United Nations to strengthen
the role of the of the organization in
preventing conflicts but it's the Member
States if they are not willing the
United Nations can not force them to do
so what we can do is to adopt the
Security Council resolution and it's
legally binding is it always respected
not necessarily so we really need to
strengthen the atmosphere of zero
tolerance against those who are
violating international law who are not
respecting the Security Council
resolutions or General Assembly
resolution one of the main countries
that was a source of migrants departing
towards Europe is Libya now the United
Nations has imposed an arms embargo on
Libya where there's essentially be in a
civil war they're going on for several
years now and according to the UN's own
report that was released in June I
believe of 2017 it says the United Arab
Emirates has repeatedly broken that
embargo essentially fueling the conflict
even more and resulting in more and more
migrants crossing over what can the
general
do to prevent countries like the
Emirates from undermining the UN and
what is the use of the UN if it can't
even impose a simple arms embargo on a
country like Libya first of all I don't
think that it's the role of the
president of the General Assembly to
single out individual countries and
member states I'm here to mobilize the
international community as such to solve
problems and to solve conflicts Libya
the UN yes and should prompt us to
address the situation and of course we
are discussing these issues in the
General Assembly adopting resolutions
it's also the media that can help a lot
because of some of the media reports
about the unhuman treatment of people in
in some places in Libya
prompted us for to take action very
quickly so I really believe that we
should look at this situation as our
common pain and our common problem
rather than to point fingers at each
other some people say that while the
world's conscience is represented in the
General Assembly the power is
concentrated in the five permanent
members of the Security Council arguably
that was never more evident than during
the last month's vote on occupied
Jerusalem and the decision by President
Donald Trump to recognize it as the
capital of Israel you presided over a
session so the world's biggest
superpower essentially threatened anyone
who dared to vote against it will be
taking names is what the US is
ambassador said at the time what's your
views on that session I think the the
session was a message in itself at many
levels the outcome of the word was
overwhelming you had to two-thirds of
the member states one had 28 voting in
favor of the resolution nine countries
voting against and the session showed a
very strong support of the International
Committee of the majority of the
international community for what have
been the principles of solving this
issue namely the two-state solution
which should be negotiated by the
Israelis by the Palestinians at the same
time this session show that we cannot
take multilateralism for granted and
therefore we all have to stand up for
and we have to stand up for a strong
role of the United Nations because
exactly as you said the General Assembly
is the our global conscious it's the
only platform where 193 member states
are presented and have equal rights and
an equal say yet despite it being the
global conscience it's ignored because
on the one hand you had almost every
country in the world votes to denounce
the United States move and reaffirm that
Jerusalem is not Israeli and on the
other hand we had the United States veto
a motion at the Security Council
essentially to spite almost every
country in the world so how does that
work I don't think it was ignored on the
contrary I mean both the discussion in
the Security Council and its outcome and
then the discussion in the General
Assembly and its outcome were widely
covered by the media all over the world
the message was very powerful and the
conclusions are to be drawn by every
member state by every government and
sometimes this moral message is more
powerful than a legally binding one but
the reality of the matter is the world's
biggest superpower the United States
will go ahead and remove its embassy I
mean every country is free to do what at
once but will recognize occupied land as
the capital of Israel and there will be
no sanctions imposed on the United
States there will be no resolution
passed by the United Nations to
essentially punish or to try and prevent
the United States from supporting the
theft of land and the expulsion of of
people look I'm not a fortune-teller we
don't know what will happen here 2 3 5
10 from now on what is clear is that the
General Assembly and the two-thirds
majority of member states express
themselves clearly on this matter and I
think this this message will not go
unnoticed do you think that the true
state solution as adopted by the United
Nations is viable after what has
happened and do you fear that the
approach to try and find some sort of
political resolution to what is one of
the oldest conflicts ongoing conflicts
in the world that this is still an
option on the table after what the
United States has done
the two-state solution is the only
solution we support it's the only
solution that has been discussed the
only solution that has clearly been
negotiated and has a strong support of
the United Nations and other
international organizations yes we are
struggling now to get the process back
on track
but I've never been closer how can there
be one without Jerusalem Jerusalem is
part of the negotiation process
Jerusalem's status of Jerusalem should
be negotiated directly between the
parties and it's part of the overall
package and we we need to support this
and as Secretary General Antonio
Guterres said more than once there is no
plan B so we only have one plan which is
two-state solution no one has ever
presented any other solution and no one
has ever proved that any other solution
will be better the General Assembly sets
up one of the UN's most important
agencies to deal with Palestinian
refugees namely the Relief and Works
Agency or honor as it's known is
responsible for schooling medicating and
even feeding millions of internally
displaced Palestinians and those that
are refugees in Jordan Lebanon and Syria
now the United States is now threatening
to cut funding for Anora and 50% of
honors budget actually comes from the US
that means that hundreds of thousands of
people will be out without medicine or
possibly even food and schooling what's
going to happen through this agency
regions will continue operating and
providing good services on the ground
and not to interrupt our according to
Chris gonna choose the spokesperson for
Nora and according to the Jordanian
authorities who host millions of
refugees Oh Nora it's seriously under
threat if this funding is cut it is if
the funding is cut I sincerely believe
that this funding will be found and
there will be other countries that will
provide or increase their voluntary
contributions do you think the United
States could still present itself as a
an honest broker as it claims in the
Palestinian issue if after recognizing
illegally occupied Jerusalem as Israel's
capital and cutting funding to
Palestinian refugees the most vulnerable
of people it could still be seen as a
this is for the parties involved to
decide but you're a diplomat you should
I mean you're
you have if I gave my answer I mean it's
a as for as long as they are accept
accepted by the parties involved will
occur if you are Palestinian and this is
a hypothetical question I don't answer
hypothetical questions okay let's move
on to another another issue and that's
the Iranian nuclear deal again the
United States is heavily involved and
has been seen as play we may be playing
a negative role since President Donald
Trump took office it's now under threat
according to some people he's saying he
wants to pull the rack on the whole deal
what's your take on the on the Iran deal
do you think it's going to survive Iran
deal is a good deal and it's a victory
of diplomacy and victory of dialogue and
this is a proof that you can solve very
difficult and sensitive questions
through patience through negotiations
through dialogue and this deal is more
than a deal it's a Security Council
resolution and it's a multilateral
agreement so I do hope that the United
States will not pull out from that deal
in case they do the deal continues for
as long as the other parties are
honoring their commitments on the deal
and I really hope that this will happen
we have a other agreements such as the
climate agreement from Paris the United
States decided to withdraw from but the
rest of the international community made
it very clear that we stand by our
commitments and we are we will continue
carrying all our responsibilities you
don't find it peculiar that maybe the
world's superpower is essentially
turning itself into a pariah I believe
in diplomacy I believe in dialogue and I
usually believe that the best way we can
solve problems is that we when we talk
about it if you pull yourself out of the
process you lose the ability to
influence the process at the same time
the processes will go on with or without
obviously it's a great loss to the
processes when the United States are not
part of it and I really hope that these
decisions are temporary and that the
United States will come back to the
negotiating table well on negotiations
there's another nuclear threat when that
is the issue of North Korea
there has been some talks that have
taken place between north and south over
the past couple of weeks admittedly they
were about the Winter Olympics but many
people felt encouraged
particularly has that came at the same
time where we had talked of nuclear
buttons on desks and whose was bigger
and the drums of war essentially beating
like we've never heard before and that's
something that should be worrying do you
think that there is a real threat to
some sort of a conflict in the Korean
Peninsula honestly I do we believe that
we are now seeing a very positive
momentum compared to the situation we
were in couple of months back when the
rate rhetoric was very tough and on the
verge of switching from war of words
into something much worse right now we
see a dialogue right now we see a
concrete outcome of this dialogue which
is the agreement for the two Koreas to
to be represented at the Olympics under
one flag and the willingness to talk and
to negotiate so this is a very positive
momentum which we all of us we have to
support it the North Korean diplomats
that are represented in the United
Nations you speak to them what is it
that they want what do they tell you I
am in regular contact with North Korean
diplomats at the UN and using these
contacts to try to calm down the
situation and to help restore the
positive track therefore I don't want to
endanger it by giving any judgments no
not necessary about this conflict just
general generally speaking is there a
sense of what project the Korean
leadership has for for North Korea or
what they have they would like the world
to see them i I do have the opportunity
to hear from them about it but I don't
think again that I should be the
spokesman for for the DPRK it's you you
should ask them or let's really hope
that the consequence of this positive
momentum that we are seeing right now
the presence at the Olympic Games we
will hear more and we will hear more
good news let's stay in the region there
for a little bit and one of the more
shocking conflict so to speak or at
least from from an image perspective has
been what's been taking place in Myanmar
Burma but we haven't seen the General
Assembly so active and so vocal in terms
of the plight of the of the Rohingya
Muslims there I don't think so
this issue has been very widely present
in the
assembling discussions and debates
including during the the general debate
in September it was one of the most
frequent frequently mentioned issues the
Myanmarese
situation is very much on the agenda of
United Nations is the Security Council
that has been dealing with it and
adopted several resolutions right now we
are in the process of adopting special
representative of the secretary-general
for Myanmar there have been many
contacts and many visits and we have
also seen positive results we have seen
commitments by by the government of
Myanmar to take these people back of
course we have seen come commitments to
address the humanitarian situation we
have to be very clear and very tough
when it comes to prevent suffering of
innocent people and at the same time we
have to be go diplomats in addressing
the causes of this situation and trying
and helping the parties to solve it I
want to talk about UN reform here okay
for for many years we've had many
different leaders world leaders talk
about how the United Nations need to
reform and to be honest a few were to
take a poll of just any street meets in
the Arab world or Europe or other
countries most people particularly in
the developing world that suffer most
will tell you the United Nations does
not represent them how does that work
why is there no greater push to do away
with this idea and to reform the United
Nations first of all the United Nations
is the best we have and second the
process of reform is going on there is a
general understanding that the
composition of the Security Council as
it stands now does not represent the
realities of the 21st century these are
the realities of 1945 and the process is
happening it's happening in the General
Assembly is taking place also now under
my presidency
and I am I made it very clear that I
want to see a real process at a real
debate bringing the parties and the
position of parties closer together
because there are opposing views of
different countries or groups of
countries but it has been clearly
identified that among the issues that
need to be addressed as a part of this
reform process the right of veto is one
of these issues so it's a process and
again
we can go as far and as fast as the
member states are willing to but in the
General Assembly
there is no veto in General Assembly
everybody is equal what is your message
for 2018 with so many different
conflicts going on around the world how
the United Nations holistically can
approach conflict resolution in what
seems to be a very very troubling time
for millions of people around the world
I won the year 2018 to be a year when we
are successful in preventing conflicts
we are working on it very hard in the
United Nations and I really hope that we
will be able to say at the end of this
year that has been a better year than
many years before and that we have been
able to save people's lives and we have
been able to save values and monies by
preventing government mr. Merlo
flightcheck president of the UN General
Assembly thank you very much for talking
to Al Jazeera thank you very much
you
