the US with holds aid for Palestinian
refugees the Trump administration says
the UN agency responsible for the money
needs reform Palestinians say they are
being punished for defying the u.s. over
Jerusalem
so is humanitarian aid being used for
political blackmail this is inside story
welcome to the program
I'm Mohammed Jim Jim UNRWA or to give it
its full title the United Nations Relief
and Works Agency for Palestine refugees
is funded almost entirely by voluntary
contributions from UN members the u.s.
is the single largest donor and gave
more than 350 million dollars last year
its first installment for 2018 was due
this month but this week the Trump
administration cut in half the 125
million dollars it had pledged in
addition it suspended forty five million
dollars in emergency food aid it had
promised in December this all follows
president Trump's decision to recognize
Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and
his threats to cut aid unless
Palestinian leaders agree to resume
talks Imran Hahn has more from the Gaza
Strip this house is typical of many in
the Gaza Strip now currently there's an
electricity blackout they get
electricity black-ass for about 12 hours
a day now the u.s. is withholding food
aid but what does that actually mean
well I know our supply things like their
sacks of flour rice etc it's the basics
that they supply now they only supply
them about once every three months so
sack of flour about this big needs to
last a family of nine for that long so
there's already acute shortages for sure
we are worried because this is the only
help we have to be able to live we have
no choice where else are we supposed to
get food from we can't buy it we can't
work there is no work if they decrease
the aid what shall we do there's about
two million people in the Gaza Strip now
about 1.1 million of those people rely
on food aid in some way or another as
people like these that are going to be
affected the most now the US president
has said that he wants changes to the
way UNRWA operates he also wants the
international community to step up and
donate a lot more aid he said that the
u.s. is very generous but other
countries need to step up
however by withholding it who's actually
taking food away from people like these
UNRWA is now facing its worst financial
crisis and a funding shortfall will have
major implications for Palestinian
refugees in the Middle East the agency
operates in five areas Jordan Lebanon
Syria the Gaza Strip and the occupied
West Bank including East Jerusalem
almost six million registered refugees
receive basic and social services that
rely heavily on outside funding UNRWA
has set up 702 schools in the region
with more than 500,000 students half of
them girls and UNRWA doctors see nine
million patients in 143 primary health
clinics every year let's bring in our
panel from Ramallah
I'm MOT Hejazi Palestine's Assistant
Minister of Foreign Affairs from Amman
and jordan Karl Schembri a regional
spokesman for the Norwegian Refugee
Council and from Washington DC Graham
Bannerman former Middle East analyst at
the State Department welcome to you all
now I'm not I want to start with you
what is the way forward now for
Palestinian leadership
well the way forward is clear for the
Palestinian leadership it is continuing
on with believing and investing in a
peace process that is based on
international legitimacy on
international law on new UN resolutions
and there were long terms of reference
as well as continuing to defend the
Palestinian people's rights at all
fronts including the international level
by using peaceful and legitimate tools
Carl I want to ask you about the
humanitarian impact tell us about the
immediate effects on the ground from a
decision like this we are we are
extremely concerned that this the impact
of this decision is going to be spread
and felt across the region from Gaza and
the West Bank to Lebanon Jordan and
Syria were
ian's up to five million Palestinian
refugees depend on UNRWA the UNRWA is
the only lifeline for these families
half a million children across the
region go to UNRWA schools I was just in
touch with my colleagues in Lebanon and
where they were in border Somali refugee
camp they were telling me about the
mother of five children she had a
c-section which saved her life
because UNRWA could provide her the the
medical services to have it she couldn't
afford it otherwise she has five
children going to school at UNRWA
schools and they now face the prospect
the bleak prospect of having no school
to go to the very shelter the the
housing that refugees get across the
region are largely UNRWA houses and
flats and and shelters that have been
built for Palestinian refugees the the
the impact is is completely unthinkable
what what is happening now for only what
to start the year with half of its
budget withheld by the US administration
is just unthinkable it's it's unheard of
and what our our appeal urgent appeal is
for the US administration to reconsider
and reverse its decisions but also to
other international donors to step in
and help Palestinian refugees in this
very difficult moment Graham is this a
case of Palestine and Palestinian
leaders being punished for pushing back
against a US president Trump's decision
to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel no I think this is the
administration which is totally
unconventional by saying that this
process has not moved forward in a
quarter century it needs to move forward
and we have an agenda to do that the
agenda reflects what I think is some of
the views of the most zealous supporters
of Israel in that Jerusalem is always
going to be as real as capital let's
take that off the table so we need don't
need to go she ate that the Palestinian
refugees are not going to go back to
Israel and Unruh only perpetuates this
situation and has made it worse over the
years by growing numbers of Palestinians
so let's force them to address that
issue too and this is all necessary
from their perspective in order to
address the peace process or the other
issues like border security and
sovereignty can be addressed in the
negotiations Graham what other issues is
the Trump administration trying to get
whether guarantees they trying to get
from either UNRWA or from Palestinian
leadership here oh I'm not sure they're
looking for guarantees I think they see
the process is stagnant and it's being
held up by issues I think my own view is
my personal view which is different is
is that the peace process has been
stagnant since 1996
because in before 96 when the peace
process moved forward being 79 or Madrid
or Oslo what happened was there was
always a confrontation between the
United States and Israel in public that
because these Americans are the only
ones that can convince the Israelis to
make concessions to otherwise they don't
think possible after 96 the United
States decided not to do that we want to
reassure the Israelis we want to make
sure they're comfortable so they don't
so we don't force them to make hard
decisions we comfort them into making
the decisions that are necessary that
hasn't worked in the last 20-some years
and I think but the Trump administration
is changing that game plan and saying no
we have a way to go forward it's very
much like the more zealous supporters of
Israel want to implement
I'm not what is your response to what
Graham is saying and also do you see
this as a form of political blackmail by
the Trump administration
well our response was very clear I mean
given that the this administration has
completely adopted and mirrored Israeli
positions and this taking of very
important and crucial issues to the
Palestinian people of the table which is
not for it to take off the table or to
put on the table for that matter the
response of the leadership was very
clear that the u.s. is no more qualified
to play any role in this peace process
and the Palestinians will not listen to
any or abide by any peace plan that the
US will be imposing which does not have
the issue of Jerusalem or or the issue
of refugees in it because these are the
most important issues of the Palestinian
people's and there is no plan neither
this leadership nor the any future
leadership to ignore these issues or put
them off the table as the Trump
administration is trying to do and as
such we are trying to adopt the measures
along with other international partners
to relaunch peace process that is in
line with what has been agreed on upon
which the basis of this process this
process has been launched including the
issue of Jerusalem of course and the
rights of refugees as explained in 194
amar I was in the Ramallah in the
occupied West Bank when this was first
hinted at on January 2nd and we went to
refugee camps we went to a clinic that
was helping refugees and they were
saying we we don't have any other outlet
we have no other place we can go where
we can get medical aid where we can get
the attention that we need but they were
also expressing to me a frustration with
the Palestinian leadership as well
saying that they didn't believe they
were doing enough I mean what is your
response to the Palestinians on the
ground there well it's fully
understandable that people are
frustrated we have engaged in this peace
process along with our partners one of
which was the American administration
which has been a major player in this
peace process and at the end you were
faced by by the grim reality that this
current administration has dropped
everything that we were promising our
people with including living in peace
and and prosperity in their own land
with with no occupation in their land
now that is understandable but but that
should not make us lose hope or focus
and the Palestinian people continue to
stand by their leadership in the steps
that it will be taking in in the future
as we move forward in defense of their
of their rights now yes the reality will
be will be difficult and unfortunately
the US administration took the decision
to punish those who are most vulnerable
amongst the Palestinian population and
by the way honor wah is neither linked
or related to
the Palestinian government this is an
institution that was established without
the presence of the Palestinian people
it was established as a responsibility
by the international community including
the US which had the responsibility to
respect and implement certain
international resolutions and those
those promises has been kept within the
this institution which has been has
proved to be reliable responsible and an
honest institution unfortunately this
decision is unraveling will only serve
to unravel the situation it will
contribute further to instability in the
region and it will target only those who
are most vulnerable and we know all we
know the consequences of such a step
caryl an aura of course is appealing for
funds urgently Belgium this week
announced that they were pledging I
believe 23 million dollars to UNRWA do
you expect other international players
to step up now well we do urge
international donors to step in whether
the US has left this massive shortfall
but let me also remind our viewers here
that the only one has been actually
relieving Israel as the occupying power
of its responsibility towards the
refugees it is ultimately Israel
together with the government of Lebanon
and Jordan and inside Syria who are
taking care of refugees outside of
Israel and Palestine but ultimately it
is Israel who has been getting these
services for people under its
responsibility according to
international humanitarian law so at the
end of the day this this measure
punishes the most vulnerable as the
previous speaker said it punishes the
the the ones who are this dispossessed
who are stateless who have nowhere else
to go and nowhere to resort to in terms
of services but it is also going to have
a direct impact on Israel and the other
countries surrounding countries that are
hosting the Palestinian refugees it is
in everyone's interest that this
shortfall is covered immediately other
international donors we urge them to
come in
we urge the the American administration
no this is one of the most despicable
ways of politicizing aid of depriving
those who need that aid so desperately
just to make a political point for which
those very victims and this is actually
blaming the victims and have no saying
they have no say in whether the
Palestinian leadership goes or not back
to the negotiating table they are the
ones who are the victims of this
decades-long festering wound which is
the israeli-palestinian question Graham
since the beginning almost of the Trump
administration there has been seemingly
this disconnect between the White House
and the State Department contradictory
messages on so many vital diplomatic
issues do you believe that this
disconnect is causing more difficulties
when it comes to the Palestinian issue
oh I think the disconnect is real
because I think the Trump administration
is trying to break the mold of how we've
done things and and having been a State
Department person we we have a way we do
things at State Department and we have a
way things are done but all of a sudden
they're saying no we're not going to do
it that way we're going to do things
differently and this is very disturbing
you can see it in the State Department
itself feels it's under siege it doesn't
see only as effective they're
demoralized and and this is unfortunate
because in the end which is going to be
the United States playing role in
international affairs the State
Department has to be part of the role a
crucial part and the administration has
to take the lead rather than disagreeing
with them may I say one thing about
Unruh I think what has been lost for
decades is and I agree with the previous
speaker in that is that the problem was
not that the Palestinians left their
homes when the fighting occurred it
independence for Israel but the Israelis
did not let them return returning to
your home after the battle is over is is
guaranteed under international law and
therefore the international community
created Unruh to solve the problems as
they couldn't go home and and and the
perpetuation of Unruh has perpetuated
that issue out there so from the Israeli
perspective as long as unrig xizt
and as long as the Palestinians are kept
in
and under this refugee status the
Palestinian refugee problem
will haunt them and therefore they need
to get rid of it I think the tragedy is
as everybody's point out is the people
who suffer are the Palestinian refugees
and their and and their children and and
their grandchildren it is a terrible
situation but Unruh itself is just a
perpetuation of a bad situation I'm not
what's your response what Graham just
said and also what regional support at
this point this Palestine have been
standing up to the US well it's
certainly the the situation with the
current administration is extremely
unpredictable and the way decisions are
made are divorcing with the decades-long
policies that has been implemented
including in relation to another one
unfortunately this is certainly
unraveling the situation and leading to
two sudden changes which are most of the
time interrupting and and and and
violent in a way in in in in addition to
that in relation to Oh Nora the
perpetuation of the problem was the
failure of the international community
and on top of them those who added and
abetted the Israeli colonial enterprise
in Palestine and and not allowed for the
refugees to return back to their homes
which is a norm that is respected
everywhere else in the world on the
basis that this will demographically
change the the the reality in Israel
which is if you wish a very racist
notion because they are the landowners
they had nothing to do with this
colonial enterprise that has been
implemented and decided on elsewhere not
not by the Palestinian people who were
not consulted unfortunately and and was
decided by the UN and the US and and and
then the big nations were involved in
this
since the beginning and as such honor
wawas was was in a way paying conscience
money to those who suffer
from from this colonial enterprise
without thinking of their faith and not
not really helping them in a proper way
to return to their homes and to live
their normal lives these are people who
owned lands who owned homes who lived
normal life and had nothing to do with
any kind of foods around the world and
they paid a very heavy price for
something that was plotted and
implemented somewhere else and this is
exactly why owner hua continues to be
crucial and important simply because the
rights of the refugees are not only aid
and and and and paying for for for for
their education and health etc but it's
also continuing to to preserve the
collective identity of the refugees
which is an important one and the in
relation to any political aspirations
it's reflected by the Palestinian
government and the representatives of
the Palestinian people and the law has
nothing to do with that
as such they cannot be punished or or
tormented the way they are bullied now
because of decisions that are taking at
the political level and and the least to
say this is vindicated and and and not
not it's not going to serve any purpose
except unraveling the situation coral
I'd like you to to guide our viewers a
little bit more through how this impacts
Palestinians and refugees and not just
there but but also in places like
Lebanon and and Jordan where there are
so many Palestinian refugees as you said
the the Palestinian refugees are
scattered around in Lebanon Jordan and
Syria let's not forget an active war
zone were Palestinian refugees who have
been living there are caught either
under siege they're caught in the
crossfire different militias the
government forces and they are the only
number one service provider for these
people the one lifeline that they have
is called on wall and this is what is
under attack here this is the the number
one there is nobody not the Norwegian
Refugee Council nor any other
agency humanitarian organization out
there that can pick up the pieces and
deliver in the extent of the services
that UNRWA delivers for the Palestinians
is the only agency that provides them
from food aid to health services to
education to shelter anything that they
they need they've already been suffering
massive cuts in the last year's budgets
have been going down there are too many
crises in this region this just comes on
top of all that and it's it's really
going to spell disaster if that
shortfall is not covered I I've seen
with my own eyes the the harsh
conditions Palestinians live in in
Lebanese camps and Palestinian camps in
Lebanon Syrians Palestinians in Syria
we've all seen the images coming out of
your MOOC camp caught between different
fighting groups and the forces nobody
else's is delivering services button1
we as the Norwegian Refugee Council work
very closely with Anwar in schools where
we do psychosocial support for example
in Gaza where children have been living
for under a siege for for more than a
decade now and multiple conflicts
multiple Wars dramatized completely
traumatized that's the kind of services
we're offering because UNRWA offers the
space where we can work with them we
work with in the West Bank with the
Palestinians whose houses are being
demolished by this very occupation all
the time and Anwar is providing them
basic services we provide legal services
for those people these are also we're
really talking a vast vast spectrum of
services and people across the board
that are going to be affected here and
the the earlier this shortfall is
covered the more that the crisis can be
averted one other thing if a crisis
happens as we've seen multiple times and
especially in the Gaza Strip which tends
to be prone to a lot of the Israeli
military's aggressions and they're all
what again is the number one agency that
steps in UNRWA has been rebuilding
houses destroyed and the last one in
2014 there are still people out there
living in tents because they they
haven't been enough funding and the
process has been has been very slow
UNRWA has been rebuilding their houses
we've been helping them again legally
and ascertaining their ownership of the
of the houses if if there is an
emergency right now there will be nobody
to pick up the pieces where am I'm gonna
leave you with the last word here very
quickly
is there any chance from your vantage
point that the Trump administration
changes their mind on this there's
always a chance with the Trump
administration that they will change
their mind but I think this fits their
policy of goals and objectives with the
peace process they want to get on to the
other issues and want to discuss them
and they think they can resolve it I
think it's not gonna work the way they
want but they've done things that I
never thought were possible in the past
and I thought were unacceptable in the
past but they still done them gentlemen
thank you very much for your time thanks
to all our guests I'm Matt Hijazi Karl
Schembri and Graham Bannerman and thank
you too for watching you can see the
program again anytime by visiting our
website aljazeera.com and for further
discussion go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from me
Mohammed Jim Jim and the whole team here
bye for now
you
