heavy winds snow lower temperatures
Lebanon is being hit by a storm making
the lives of the nearly 1 million Syrian
refugees even more miserable they face
many challenges during the winter months
among them
the lack of proper shelter they live in
tents that are made from plastic
sheeting which does little to protect
from the cold and the rain we couldn't
sleep all night the tent was flooded we
stayed up and moved all our belongings
outside the conditions of our tents are
bad it's the Chablis families 7th winter
in displacement since fleeing the
conflict in neighboring Syria in winter
the refugees require more help they need
fuel for heating thermal blankets and
warm clothes we are dead we are living
in misery we have nothing but pain
sickness and suffering we are deprived
of everything families like the Abdul
Hamid can't survive without assistance
Hamid the father is half blind the
youngest child sabrine is mentally
challenged the eldest has heart disease
and their mother suffers from asthma and
eczema I need medicine and I need help
we all cannot work we don't have wood
and fuel to keep warm we're living only
by God's mercy
I may be kicked out of this tent soon
because I didn't pay the rent for a long
time the United Nations does provide
some assistance but a shortfall in
funding means not everyone is reached
the United Nations doesn't just help to
more than five million Syrian refugees
in neighboring countries it says 13
million people need help in Syria 6
million of them are internally displaced
and the displacement continues in recent
weeks more than 200,000 people were
forced to leave their homes the war is
not over it may be a while before these
refugees can go home the Lebanese
government doesn't want them to stay
that is why it has prevented the United
Nations from building permanent camps it
also doesn't allow any concrete
construction but this may not be their
last harsh winter in exile sanika Deir
al Jazeera be calm
le Lebanon
