this mountain of trash is not simply a
garbage dump it's now home to a growing
number of displaced Yemenis in the
Houthi control city of heard ADA despite
health risks it provides a place to
sleep food and even a source of income
for 11 year old are you its newest
resident we came here to eat and drink
from the garbage
I collect bread and plastic and I go
back to sell it for money to buy food
the nearly three-year war in Yemen has
led to a diphtheria outbreak that's
spreading quickly a cholera outbreak
that's killed more than 2,000 people and
the deaths of thousands more from the
violence disease and malnutrition the
saudi-led coalition has been an utter
disaster for the civilians of Yemen that
on top of that the blockade which while
you know temporarily eased is still
quite severe so it's urgent
really to address the world's largest
humanitarian crisis in Yemen and the
only way to do that is to squeeze the
Saudis and it's that international
squeeze that's led the saudi-led
coalition to ease the blockade that was
imposed on ports and airports in
November now un aid agencies are calling
for the port of her data to remain open
after Friday the date set by the
coalition to allow the continued
delivery of life-saving Goods and fuel
may be co-led Ahmad Maggie's a you must
stop bombing began there's no future in
the country whether you dazed and beg we
gather plastic bottles and bread and
make do with what we can get the UN says
four mobile cranes arrived in her Dada
and for now the port is open but the
fate of millions of Yemenis facing
famine rests with the coalition Brandis
Alexander al-jazeera
