Genet Morales was just 10 years old when
a devastating earthquake struck Mexico
City in 1985 the quake damaged her
family's apartment and the government
moved them to this tin shack officials
said it was a temporary solution but 32
years later jeanette is still here back
then if someone had told me that one day
I'd have my own children and
grandchildren but still be living here I
wouldn't have believed it the government
raised our hopes and then abandoned us
around 70 families who lost their homes
in that earthquake still live in this
camp camp president Alfredo Villegas
tries to keep pressuring city officials
to deliver on their promises if the
government would have told us they
weren't going to give us apartments we
would have looked for alternatives but
every year they tell us look here's our
agreement now we're going to deliver so
this dream returns this past September
another powerful earthquake rocked
Mexico City hundreds of people died and
once again thousands were left homeless
Petra Puebla apartment building
collapsed now she lives in this
makeshift camp in a city park Petra
can't afford local rents so for now the
64 year old sleeps in this tent you have
to be here in the camp all the time and
put pressure on the government we don't
want to be left here on the street for
too long because we're seeing your
citizens and we're vulnerable some of
those displaced will benefit from
government programs to cover short-term
rent payments and provide credits for
housing loans but as winter temperatures
drop others fear they'll be left out in
the cold
politicians have promised that they
won't allow a repeat of what happened
after the earthquake in 1985 but the
cost and complexity of housing hundreds
of people living in camps is a major
task and one that many people here think
the government will fail David Mercer al
Jazeera in Mexico City
