there's a story circulating in
Washington DC that the International
lobbying industry here based behind the
anonymous facades of K Street is running
scared since former Trump campaign
manager Paul mana four was indicted for
laundering some eighteen million dollars
that he earned through his undeclared
lobbying work for the Ukrainian
government malifaux was in violation of
fara the foreign agents Registration Act
that requires lobbyists to declare their
work for foreign powers that trouble is
there's very little money for
enforcement for almost 50 years there
were just seven fara criminal
prosecutions that were brought to bear
and only three of those actually led to
convictions and and and now that's three
convictions in over 50 years that's less
than the conviction a decade and so if
nobody's being punished for violating
the law there was a sort of perverse
incentive for companies not to file with
fara and if they were filing with fara
not to file all their paperwork and
certainly not to file in on time the
Special Counsel investigation may have
started with inquiries about Russia but
it's become apparent that any undeclared
foreign lobbying on behalf of any
country that he turns up as part of his
investigation may be of interest the
number of lobbying firms reporting their
work for foreign governments grew in
2017 forty-one new firms declared
themselves a hundred and three new
foreign clients were added to those
already known to be lobbying in DC and
270 foreign lobbyists declared
themselves examples of the new filings
include three hundred and thirty three
thousand dollars in payments for a
campaign by the UAE to link Qatar to
terrorism
fifty thousand dollars for speech
writing for Queen Rania of Jordan and TV
appearances by General Wesley Clark on
behalf of the Turks against us-based
cleric for Tala Gulen some lobbying
firms say that the timing is purely
coincidental they would have reported
their foreign work anyway all the
retroactive filings were simply the
result of routine reviews others however
say that a turning point has been
reached and that finally Farah is being
taken seriously
Freeman however is unconvinced the only
thing that's changed right now is we
have a special council investigating
Russian interference in the 2016
election and through that they have
indicted people for
violations once that special counsel
goes away all of those resources all of
that will go away and Pharaoh will
remain the same
lackluster law that it's always been
Congress has no plans to grout the
Department of Justice any more money to
enforce Farah so yes there may be some
fear here on K Street amongst lobbyists
but it may only be temporary while the
special counsel and his well financed
investigators look in to the lobbying
activities here once that investigation
is over it may well be business as usual
lobbyists trying to rake in as much
money from foreign powers influence US
policy and not own up to it
xie burton c al jazeera washington
