those who know Christine Blasi Ford's
say she never wanted to go public with
her allegation that in 1982 a teenage
Brett Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her
and that Blasi Ford thought during the
attack he could kill her
Cavanaugh the Supreme Court justice
nominee denies the allegation indeed the
psychology professor told The Washington
Post
she was afraid no one would believe her
a fair concern especially since the
President of the United States has
weighed in first on camera
as you know justice Cavanaugh has been
treated very very tough and his family I
think it's a very unfair thing what's
going on and then on Twitter if the
attack on dr. Ford was as bad as she
says charges would have been immediately
filed with local law enforcement
authorities according to the Justice
Department only about 23% of sexual
assault victims ever go to the police
psychology professor Jennifer Freud says
that in response perpetrators routinely
attack their accusers credibility I
think it is the only reason that women
and victims of sexual violence are
unwilling to speak about what happened
to them
my name is Anita F Hill Freud's research
was inspired by the 1991 confirmation
hearing of Clarence Thomas in which
Anita Hill accused him of sexual
harassment Joe Biden was the chair of
the Judiciary Committee at the time but
Senate Rules did not let him stop
senators from attacking Hill I'm sorry I
couldn't have stopped the kind of
attacks that came to you but I never
attacked it I supported him after Trump
nominated Cavanaugh Blasi Ford sent a
confidential letter about the alleged
assault to Senator Dianne Feinstein that
has Republicans accusing Blasi Ford of
playing politics with Cavanaugh's future
but a law professor says Blasi Ford has
the right to demand justice
but those rights are not useful to them
if to accuse someone of attempted rape
means to be subject to harassment death
threats
being plagued by media Christine Blasi
Ford and her family are in hiding thanks
to death threats the debate about threat
Cavanaugh's character grows more
vigorous no time yet for Blasi ford to
decide whether speaking out has been
worth it for the country or for herself
Rosalyn Jordan al-jazeera Washington
