president would engage in such as the
floor of the US Senate the setting for a
remarkable rebuke of a sitting president
preparing to mark the anniversary of his
first year in office a member of Donald
Trump's own Republican Party calling on
fellow senators to fight back against
the president's attacks on America's
constitutionally protected Free Press we
are rather in an era in which the
authoritarian impulse is reasserting
itself it was a searing condemnation of
the Trump presidency
repeatedly flake challenged the
president's statements and claims
accusing him of eroding public trust in
American institutions by threatening
anyone who challenges him
Trump's war with the media has been
intensifying since taking office
multiple reporters and news outlets have
been targets of Trump on Twitter accused
of disseminating what the president
calls fake news another Republican
Senator John McCain is echoing Flake
sentiments in an editorial published on
Wednesday McCain writes reporters around
the world face intimidation threats of
violence harassment persecution and
sometimes even death as government's
resort to brutal censorship to silence
the truth the White House is defending
the president's conduct that we welcome
access to the media every day I'm
standing right here taking questions the
President does so regularly the
Committee to Protect Journalists reports
that in 2017 262 reporters were jailed
for their work of those 21 were
imprisoned on charges of fake news a
phrase coined by Donald Trump Trump's
anti media rhetoric has been copied by
other world leaders including president
Rodrigo Duterte
he recently branded a Philippine News
website as fake news after it was
critical of his government senator flake
calls Trump's actions despotic like that
of Joseph Stalin who also characterized
journalists
an enemy of the people that even nikita
khrushchev forbade its use telling the
Soviet Communist Party that the phrase
had been introduced by Stalin for the
purpose of quote annihilating such
individuals unquote in spite of the
condemnation Trump's contempt for
journalists and his dismissal of
unfavorable news coverage appears
unlikely to subside Kimberly Hellcat
al-jazeera
Washington
