I have family okay and you are in the
stream today the stream at Sundance we
are kicking off a special series of
shows from the film festival in Park
City Utah with a look at the documentary
Kyle ash so grab some popcorn and enjoy
a shadow but the vitamin make how you
get there you might say the
International Labour Organization
estimates that there are a hundred and
fifty two million child slaves with half
of those children working in hazardous
conditions the sobering statistic is a
reminder of the real price of consumer
goods around the world it's also one of
the themes in the documentary film Kyle
ash opening at this year's Sundance Film
Festival the movie tells the story of
Nobel Peace Prize winner Kailasa TRT who
is on a mission to end child slavery in
India my co-host Malika Bulow joins us
live for the festival in Park City Utah
with more
hi there Malika I thought maybe you're
right I am here in Park City who are the
Sundance Film Festival I've been on more
than 30 years that I'm on Main Street
really this is the heart of the festival
and of course I am joined by two people
who were very integral to today's
discussion so as you mentioned Kailash
Satyarthi and his team have helped
rescue more than 85,000 children from
child slavery but he says that's not
enough and his mission is to put an end
to global child slavery so here to
discuss his quest and the documentary
itself we are speaking with a Kailash
Satyarthi you can join me here and
Derrick Jeannine welcome to the stream
gentlemen it's so good to have you so
this film opens pretty harrowing Lee
with a very dramatic intro scene that
takes us right to the heart of the act
and an operation and we're with you
doing that I'm gonna show it to our
audience in just a minute but describe
for them what they're about to see the
most exploitative forms of child labor
slavery trafficking they're also going
to see that how children themself wanted
to get out of it and dream to change
themselves and change the world but they
are also going to see that child slavery
is going to be ended they are going to
see the biggest struggle then they are
going to see my resolve that I am going
to end child labor and I am going to see
the end of child labor in my lifetime so
they are going to see many things
through my friend Derek Donnie I like
that you heard it here first so before
we go ahead much further take a look at
this clip from collage many people
thought that slavery has been abolished
they were wrong
if one child is enslaved then for me the
world is not free and that is an evil
which I want to end in my lifetime when
I will do what I tell you I will do no
Taric of course what our audience just
saw something you were familiar with
because you are the filmmaker behind it
you're right there with Kyle ash and his
team capturing pretty intimate moments
were there any barriers to getting that
on film because of course we're talking
about children here of course no we
worked closely with Kyle Ashe and his
team they really from day one brought us
into their world and worked very closely
with us to give us the access that we
needed to tell the story and we just
couldn't be happier with with their
participation
but how what's the process like for you
in talking to children or a documentary
film that in the end will further the
goal of ending child slavery presumably
but you know it's their day-to-day lives
and these are kind of the worst moments
of some of their lives of course I mean
we had to be delicate and respectful but
it was really just about spending time
you know we spent three months there at
the outset really just living with the
kids knowing when to turn the cameras on
and when not to I think that was one of
the most important things I want to
share a tweet now from our audience this
is from Sanjay Buckner and he asks
what's your source of inspiration for
doing this work Kyle I shall throw this
one to you first what what drives you
well nothing could be more vicious than
the freedom the gift of God and the
smile of freedom appears on the face of
the child whom I free I feel that I'm
free myself and that is the biggest
inspiration for me that each single time
when a child is freed I feel that this
is a small victory over slavery and one
by one we are reaching to that point
where slavery review
how did you get to that point though
because clearly it started in anger it
started with you seeing something that
needed to be changed how did you funnel
that into action it is driven by a
deep-rooted compassion because I feel
connected with the suffering of those
children and I also feel to change that
suffering as my own suffering so that is
of course the tribe but when we come to
know about a child has been missing from
the family and the mothers come and
knock my door and sometimes they are
sitting and waiting for us to do
something then we have to start finding
that child and once we find the child
working in a factory or in a mine then
the real program their real challenge
begins
it's very dangerous I lost two of my
colleagues one was shot two shot dead
and one was beaten to death I'm sorry I
was Khorasan on all my body and most of
my oh wait wait okay so he said scars on
his body but you said so nonchalantly
your your skull was cracked your back
bone was broken if I have that correct
so I need these are this is dangerous
work
this is dangerous but somebody has to
accept it as a challenge and if not me
who will do that has always been the
philosophy of my life if I believe in
something I have to act keep on watching
and saying no no no those who just clap
and praise someone they are not creators
of history history is created only by
them who jump into the ring without
worrying too much for the failure of
success so I believe in that so whenever
these parents come to us and we go to
rescue operations that are always
dangerous we have to be very careful in
freeing those children but it's a great
accomplishment one once a single child
is filled Jarek I want to hear about
your inspiration then for hooking up
with Tyler via this tweet we got this
suite from spark Oh she is a member of
our community who writes on Twitter how
will these raids shift the ideology
behind the need and the enforcement of
child labor keeping in mind that there
are so many factors behind this
some of them unfortunately our families
who are in need of money and then see
this as a route what was it that
inspired you to then get into the same
dangerous work that Kyle Ashe is doing
sure I mean we're storytellers and and
we care passionately I care passionately
about this issue but wanted to tell the
story through the lens of Kyle Ashe and
his amazing work so you know for us it's
about telling those personal stories and
hoping that those connects to audiences
to really inform them about the larger
issue and make them care was there a
moment in particular because of course
you've been doing this for a while you
were newer to this that really struck
you when you met a child or a
circumstance that you got into that you
think our international audience should
be aware of a little tease for your film
I was really surprised to learn that the
kids who were being rescued often were
really scared of being rescued because
they've been brainwashed
kocchi you could speak a little bit more
to this but but they are if they've been
brainwashed to think that we're there to
steal their kidney sometimes torture
them kill them and take them to jail so
often instead of this wonderful joyous
celebration they're very frightened and
the work that Kyle Ashe and his team do
is incredibly inspiring because they
have to earn their trust in an instant
how do you do that
most of these children have never seen
that somebody will come to help them
right they have never imagined so it's
only the love and care and the sense of
protection which we have to create but
then they see that somebody is generally
trying to help them out if the cultural
shock for demos I go to the shop for
them but then they also see that many
more children are being feat and when
they come to our ashrams of a
rehabilitation center they feel more
comfortable but it takes time because
they have always been exploited and
abused right from their childhood so
they don't understand freedom so to rest
to the sense of childhood and freedom is
always a big challenge but I'm very
happy to say that we have been able to
do it through my organization and my
colleagues with 86 thousand children
like that
there is a scene in the film and this
isn't a spoiler but there's a scene in
the film where you are with the kids and
and you're saying we are three News
Network assad's which of course so many
people in our audience will recognize I
am free and I think it's just such a
powerful moment for kids to internalize
that so I thought that was beautiful and
speaks to what you're saying I want to
throw to another tree this is another
member of our community and talking
about a takeaway from watching this
documentary and of course from the the
work that Kailash has been doing this is
Benedict who asks how can people support
your campaign and of course it at the
end of the film there are ways you put
in waste but what would your takeaway
for our audience be I mean we want
people to be aware about the issue to
see the movie to talk about the movie to
share Kyle Ash's work to be more
conscious consumers you know so many of
us go to the store not thinking about
the things that we buy and I think if we
can raise our collective voices take
Kyle ashes pledge
talk to our friends about it and and be
loud about the things that we're buying
companies will have to take notice
you're spiking a global movement how
would you encourage people to join that
global movement I agree with him that if
people unconsciously keep on buying and
using the products made by child labor
and slaves they they are supporting
child labor indirectly but if they keep
on buying and using consciously then
they are party to it they are party to
this crime so that has to end so as a
conscious consumers this should raise
the voice but as a citizen because we
live in a world where no problem could
be seen and solve in isolation because
local warming may be global terrorism
may be the goggle global recession and
so is the issue of child slavery and
child labor it's a collective moral
responsibility of every citizen who
believe in humanity to oppose it to
break the silence to begin with and then
secondly I call upon my audience to join
my new campaign called 100 million 400
million so hundred million young people
are the victims of violence very
trafficking and so on but on the other
hand I know young people all across the
world are ready to take up they want to
take the challenge and make this world a
better place so why can't we give them a
great forum so 100 million young people
should become the champions and
changemakers 400 million left out
sisters and brothers of them and of
course our team will be tweeting that
out on at AJ streams to look for that
for me back to you thanks so much Malika
watching you Kai - under Neen we have a
mer we're alive on YouTube right now
Amos says it is heartbreaking seeing
kids working so hard
missing the joys of a normal childhood
and this very pointed remark let's be
realistic one movie will not end child
labor but it does shine a light on the
issue one movie Derek what can this one
movie do oh I can do amazing things I
mean we see it time and time again
starting with Inconvenient Truth which
was made by Davis Guggenheim my friend
and mentor and producer on the film
which started a global conversation and
we really hope that this movie can start
that global conversation and yes it's
not just the movie we are storytellers
but again if we all collectively join in
the effort and demand transparency and
say enough is enough
absolutely change can happen
so on the film Kyle Ashe go online to
Sundance org look here there is an
entire page for Kyle Ashe you can find
about the film where the showings might
be and also how the international
community may well be able to help
Kailasa trt derek Dineen thank you very
much good luck with your premiere in a
few hours time take care
we're here more from Malika in just a
little bit but how can we the
international community make a
difference joining us to talk about this
in our studio we have real Macky
director of child labor issues and the
National Consumers League and in Chicago
Kerry Kennedy she's a board member at
the Kailasa TRT Children's Foundation
and the president of the Robert F
Kennedy human rights organization
welcome to you both Ruth there is a
potential there for people to watch Kyle
I think oh that happens over in India it
doesn't happen where I live or on my
continent
what would you say well we actually do
have child labor here in the United
States most child labor has disappeared
but in agriculture we have hundreds of
thousands of children who migrate with
their parents and they work in the
fields and they make almost no money
they work under very harsh conditions
and it's dangerous work and you know
they can do it at age 12 which is I
think most Americans would be astounded
by the US law allows them to work at age
12 and there are actually allowed to
work unlimited hours as long as they're
not missing school they can work on
limited hours in the fields which I
think most Americans would agree is just
wrong from the international labor
organization comes these stats here on
any given day in 2016 that's the last
time they they looked at the data
collected the data children aged between
5 and 17 years and can see the
percentage going around the continent
going around the world how many children
are actually working carry for you why
is this such a critical issue today so
many things going on in the world that
we need to address why this one a child
labor well you know children are our
future we have a responsibility to them
to make this a world that's Josten free
and there are a hundred
fifty-two millions people children in
slavery or child labor at the moment in
a survey of Americans in 2016 the 75
percent of Americans has estimated that
there were under 1 million children in
slavery or child labor worldwide and in
fact there are 152 million so I think
this is an issue that all of us have a
responsibility to know and to learn more
about and I think this film is great for
that and the point is absolutely correct
you do not need a passport to be
connected to these issues on the
coalition of Immokalee Workers in South
Florida has over a hundred and over
1,500 slaves in the United States over
the last 15 years in the agriculture
field and we've been very involved in
sex slavery so in most nations of the
world when a child is continuously raped
they're brought to an NGO by the by the
government and they're rehabilitated
should the United States were almost
unique in that we prosecute that child
14 15 16 17 years old Paul Kerr a
prostitute and send her to jail so
there's a lot of work we can do and just
one other area which is in chocolate 70%
of the chocolate consumed in the United
States it's made by children in slavery
or child labour so basically every time
you eat a piece of chocolate you're
touching something that has been chopped
I only read let me share this tweet view
it's from a Benny Benny he's talking
about some realities down on the ground
people on the lower end of income
generation do get their kids to hawk
commodities even before going to school
in the morning just to support the
family income generation but what can
they do when the chips are down it's
like if they have no income what do you
want these families to do well you know
we realize that families are often
desperately poor that
ask their children to work but our
experience has been that a lot of
families when they make that decision
they're not very well informed about the
consequences of child labor because some
child labor and child workers are
somewhat different and child labor is
more intensive and more exploitive and
it requires more commitment on as far as
ours example well you know so child work
generally is under 20 hours a week and
you know not dangerous it's it's when we
see children working more than 20 hours
a week and it interferes with their
schooling and their grades and their
completion in school then we become
concerned so yes
you've watched some pictures because we
said show us what the reality is I know
you've been out in the field as well yes
talk us through some of these pictures
why did you want us to see these
pictures well I you know I think Kerry
was absolutely right that there is a
lack of awareness about this issue and
there's also a kind of like a feeling
that well this is just what kids do in
other parts of the world it doesn't
really harm them that much it's just
what they're used to and our experience
has been that a lot of child labor is
very damaging to the children and it's
hazardous work children are often using
machetes and other dangerous equipment
and carrying burdens they can't bear
their small bodies can't bear they're
exposed to pesticides and all kinds of
chemicals and we find that you know
educationally their impact is massive so
we see a lot of harm being done to
children through child labor and child
slavery terry at the end of the film Kai
- in the credits there are messages
about what we can actually do to end
global child labor one of the messages
was do your part I want to show you
something here from The Guardian
newspaper it says as a headline admit it
you love cheap clothes and you don't
care about child slave labor calling us
all out in the developed world and
citizens of compassion also say products
from China are sold worldwide at such an
inexpensive cost due to their
exploitation of children this is
somewhere where you cannot just watch
and understand and learn about child
labor but maybe we can actually be doing
something otherwise
I'll be been complicit yeah I may not I
think you know there are some very
simple things all of us can do to make a
difference so I have in my computer a
form letter and anybody can do this
saying dear blank
I purchased a a three pairs of pajamas
and three sweaters at your store last
week for $22 can you tell me what you're
doing to protect your supply chain and
making sure that nobody is being
exploited it's very simple it's very
straightforward and you can just have
that and send it out it mean it doesn't
mean you have to stop consuming in a way
that you're used to because you don't
know maybe they do have a great
protections but you can start to ask the
question and as more and more people
start to ask those questions it will
make a difference I mean there's only
one state in the u.s. that requires
corporations to talk about what they're
doing to stop these problems to reduce
them that's California and we would like
to see other states adopt that model
we'd like to see a federal law that
requires large companies to talk about
their efforts to to prevent child
slavery and child labor the chatty few
says here on YouTube so again live on
YouTube right now people need to find
out the products that are made by child
slaves and stop using them until they
stop using slaves we the people have the
power to stop it we do but I you know I
just I would I would offer a cautionary
tone it's very difficult to tell like
what specific products are made with
child labor you know the US government
has identified 130 different commodities
that are produced by child labor but
they don't produce a list of goods that
are assembled with child labor it takes
a little bit of work and a little bit of
investigation by consumers and I totally
agree with carries and Kyle Ash's
remarks about communicating with
companies you know we can go to their
websites we can look at their CSR
statements we can see if you know how
socially responsible they are and how
they're how they're tackling these
problems and
we can write them emails and say I'm
really concerned about this and if if
you're you know if you're not doing
enough on this problem I'm not gonna buy
your product sure at the end of the film
yeah I just liked it to add today
um it's not tense to you it's a consumer
going to buy something in a store but um
if you have a if you have investments
and companies or if you are part of an
investment scheme you you can ask your
pension system is her pension being
invested and how are we making sure that
none of the companies that are pensions
are being investment interests
all right carry carried out well your
College endowment is being invested in
good advice there from Kerry Kennedy and
Reed Mackey thank you very much for
joining our conversation about the the
issue in the campaign to end child labor
around the world now to find out more
how to get involved check out stop child
labor org or RFK Human Rights dot org
now back to Malika Bulow in Park City
for more about the stream at Sundance
serious Malika what are we getting up to
next week mm-hmm well thank you penny
not all of our shows are as
disheartening slash heartening us
today's was today's was inspirational
but also made me tear up a bit when I
watched it so on deck we've got a lot
more on offer now for those who don't
know the Sundance Film Festival we're
where we are and on Main Street the
heart of that festival is more than 30
years old and it features film
submissions from more than 13,000
countries excuse me more than 13,000
submissions and more than 134 countries
now coming up stay tuned we are going to
take you to the island nation of
Carabosse where people are facing the
future becoming climate refugees we're
also going to the US city of Baltimore
rovol speak to Syrian families who re
settling in a new life a new language a
new place and see what those challenges
are and for all you science geeks raise
your hands
we hope you're raising yours we are
taking you to the International Science
Fair
stay tuned of course if you want to
check out what we're doing see us on
Facebook Instagram and the hashtag is
stream at Sundance melikhov allow the
woman who doesn't intend to sleep for
the next seven days Thank You Malika
we'll be following stream at Sundance
here for the next four days coming up on
the stream be sure to catch us hashtag
stream at Sundance until the next time
take care everybody
see you soon
