deep underneath the state of Quintana
row in eastern Mexico near the sandy
beaches of Cancun the tourist resort on
the Caribbean coast scuba divers explore
what they say is the world's longest and
largest underwater camera
stretching for 347 kilometers the
freshwater caves are known as cenote dos
ojos the maze of underwater channels is
not only extensive but also deep up to
100 meters in some spots
so the ciento say knocked his mas o
menos disease there are about 200
underwater caves in this aquifer system
which we thought could be connected but
we were not sure so now we know about
the collection and the flows of water
while play the serial comport them into
the LA way scientists think the caves
were used as a source of fresh water
during the ancient Maya civilization
divers began exploring the Mayan
aquifers in the 1980s Mayans considered
the cave sacred a portal to talk with
the gods north down enorme email our
user it gives us a wonderful perspective
and new understanding of how the leaders
of the ancient settlements and how the
ancient Mayans developed it allows us to
understand more clearly the rituals and
the pilgrimage sites and finally the
great pre-hispanic settlements that we
know of which run along this cave system
at the peak of their civilizations in
the 6th to 10th centuries Mayans
mastered agriculture mouths and
astronomy as well as building hospitals
and sporting arenas and they're credited
with creating calendars and discovering
chocolate mayans abandoned their cities
are on 1,000 years ago when Spanish
explorers arrived hundreds of years
later they found most cities overgrown
this discovery by divers deep underwater
may shed more light on what happened
above so long ago Paul Chatterjee on al
Jazeera
