immanuel Mac call began the day meeting
refugees at a state shelter in northern
France
later in the port of Calais the French
president met politicians charity
workers and police people here are fed
up that hundreds of refugees continue to
come to Calais to try and reach the UK
Macross said he will ask Britain to do
more to help when he meets Prime
Minister Theresa May on Thursday must
better manage the issue of unaccompanied
minors reinforced police cooperation in
Calais and with countries of origin and
transit unblocked funds to support
important projects for the development
of Calais police say that more than
115,000 attempts were made by refugees
to reach the UK last year now that
Britain's voted to leave the European
Union many here say it's time to scrap
the UK's Calais border Britain's border
care was agreed under a 2003
franco-british deal called villa 2k
accorded allows British police and
customs officers to operate on French
soil / since then things have changed
with the refugee crisis and breaks it
and now many people in Calais say that
the UK must manage its border on its own
territory
Gusterson future we need to get rid of
this border it will make Britain more
accessible for the migrants who want to
go there if the border goes it will make
things easier here it's time to move the
border the situation in Calais is
becoming unmanageable in terms of
security my little girl and I can't go
out alone because of what's happening
Mike Ross says France will do more to
help asylum seekers but he's ruled out
building a refugee camp in Calais and
promised to crack down on illegal
immigrants Maya conforte is one of
several activists who refused to meet
the president she's angry that
conditions for refugees are worse than
ever
adding miles and miles and miles of
fences and barbed wire and Calais and
when is that going to stop when it
clearly does not work I mean it it
diminishes the number of people who are
here but but they still come macro will
hope that this visit will put pressure
on Britain to reach a deal for Calais
but until their certainty over what
breaks it means Calais status as a
symbol of Europe's refugee crisis seems
secure natasha butler al jazeera Calais
