in the 1980s the Israeli government an
intelligence agency Mossad began
monitoring the activities of a
Palestinian man who started what they
saw as a radical new movement his name
was dr. Fatih shikaka
he founded Islamic Jihad which was
responsible for several attacks in the
1980s and 90s making shikaka a wanted
man it's always the question what are
the motives that Israel is considering
when deciding to kill someone now if you
would if you would if you would ask
Mossad or the political level they will
all answer no no this is not about
revenge this is only in looking towards
the future and not back to the past
everyone who has Jewish blood on his
hand is the legitimate target for red
sheet legitimate target for
assassination now from being a
legitimate target being killed is a huge
gap which involved operational
capabilities operational considerations
the the validity of intelligence and of
course the political level decision and
authorization but from their point of
view everyone who was involved in
killing Jews should be assassinated are
you calling this a revenge yes
Mossad is the Israeli national
intelligence agency the equivalent of
the American CIA and the British mi6 it
was formally set up in 1949 and two
years later reorganized to report
directly to the office of the Prime
Minister Israel perceives itself as
surrounded by hostile neighbors and at
the constant risk of internal and
external attack so Mossad is known to
have carried out the extrajudicial
killing of many figures seen as a threat
hence many of its victims have been
Arabs and particularly Palestinians like
Fatih shikaku
this is the story of Islamic Jihad its
founder dr. Fatih shikaka and the
controversial way he met his death in a
street in Malta in 1995
Hatake is very famous figure in
Palestinian history and a very very
famous figure one of the most wanted
terrorists in the history of Israeli
counterterrorism war fat fish kaki was
considered to be a religious but also an
operational authority in Palestine
Palestinian territories in Gaza and in
the West Bank and he started to launch
attacks against Israeli settlers against
Israeli soldiers
from that point on until the
assassination of Atrisco key the
Palestinian Islamic Jihad became one of
the most important guerrilla / terrorist
organizations that worked against Israel
shikaka refugee family had fled to Gaza
in 1948 and after becoming a maths
teacher he moved to Egypt to study
medicine already a member of the Muslim
Brotherhood
he continued to embrace their policy of
reforming politics by creating a society
governed by Islamic laws and morals but
the Muslim Brotherhood did not believe
the time was right for military action
against Israeli occupation
shikaka began fundamentally to disagree
and so he left to form his own
organization he founded Palestinian
Islamic Jihad in 1981 jihad meaning
struggle in Arabic
it was the first Islamic Resistance
group to be founded within Gaza and the
occupied West Bank its stated aim was to
fight the existence of Israel and
establish an Islamic Palestinian state
within the pre 1948 boundaries of
Palestine it rejected the political
process and advocated violent means if
necessary
Kenneth una carretera Tonia I cannot
enact a tiara till Omiya well yes area
la canal is slamming in can over a beam
and sir had to survive ahem what we tele
or Obama Ambrose measure a bishop RT
Lymon major ABI he meant of Chaeronea
Dida who are malama settle Islam lil
water were muhawwil at the field of real
Islam fidelity Johannes water ahem
having kebaya here Kabir Philistine II
mean in Edmond away a little net better
hazard Manhattan now that a lot feed
Aurora and Janna shaken tandem otezla me
a valid elk and Emma can you fire beetle
kill mahi la máquina de la autonomous
Islamiyah mo Judah Mishra ji didn't
wanna make honest a bokken Hakka cotton
allege any Bihar in conducive arcade on
Phil Muhammad Ali Ben and Michelle yeah
Annelle fikriye can min bid 800 attack
at the doctor fat hen achievable
Philistine Adelphia at least let me AG
been in here to the cerrado this ray
what can you attack it the way I'm
elated are better
una hat blah battle mostella hot minimis
Elena no falestine al-khalil merkezi the
malice Lamia Rabbinical enjoyed Ellis
Ellis lemme Mon sub a lateral Philistine
min Laboral raha no Philistine knocked
of the 10s bayonet a mammal have got a
mammal bottle
Palestinian Islamic Jihad began its
armed operations against Israeli targets
in 1984 its activities led to shikaka
frequent interrogation by the Israeli
army and in 1986 he was sentenced to
four years imprisonment plus a further
five years of suspended sentence but
chicagee continued to try and coordinate
operations and recruit new cells from
within prison is Lama Kia heads name is
well known but it's always been quite a
small organization
Gautam culture is good max 30 no
marathon of malama debris malmö sot
kelly ayotte no me the briman homonym
enough namitha blame a lil goons jewish
boy may not be Elam chaparral embalm a
spirit member it's a bottomless odd
c'est la vie de saber MCM al-amin
sorry yell again matzah falestine me
iodine atom dia hot the Kirkhof a
stratagem it a photogenic masala food
Islamic read Allah
then to crucial events took place within
months of each other that shaped the
course of Chicago's future and of
Palestinian opposition to Israeli
occupation first in October 1987 six
members of Islamic Jihad tunneled out of
the Syria prison in Gaza and escaped the
Israelis responded to this unusual
security breach by tracking the 6 to the
Shuja ear area of Gaza City a fierce
battle broke out and four of the Islamic
Jihad men were killed the other two
killed the Israeli military police chief
in Gaza although still in jail shikaka
was interrogated about these events
which would go on to have far-reaching
consequences Havilah Malia Obama a kind
of Noctowl he massaged the Ecija were
hata men and more recent Israeli
missiles if she if we who they re what
our archetype and Haman as male Intifada
it had the firm fee and an market share
market leila the servicemen tishreen our
october kennedy LBJ al-fatihah lima or a
fella happen Bismil Intifada
the first Palestinian Intifada meaning
uprising broke out on the 8th of
December 1987 in the Gaza Strip Islamic
Jihad supported and played a prominent
role in the mass protest movement which
lasted nearly four years across Gaza and
the occupied West Bank
a further group also emerged from the
Muslim Brotherhood at this time calling
itself the islamic resistance movement
Hamas meanwhile shikaka spoke of being
inspired by one of the earliest
Palestinian resistance figures of the
1920s is a Dean al qassam me fearful
still demography fit the zero fee for
him
the mother in Hajj abetted her a
catalyst let me and Tom her film a
common Philistine efe feta was Harry
city net were the world faith rotisserie
net
Latika Anna Lilla can feed elekid worked
and muscular Lisa the analyst ed them de
moi when a mechanic Noah's in Ottawa
Philistine he will arabiya well I mean
let asthma well at Attica Baloo shootin
team Islam a Mujahid did Erica damage a
young doctor fat he who are not just
intolerable a suave individual L AM L
the mother but it is also being predator
many entities can allow me Obama can fit
on remarkable Amish raw but dual film
Asher by the TV is a DN can Heather
laughs well you there you can a bit
allelic and who net mistletoe are jaded
by the Yeti shackle la mia cowan mowjood
invisible literally antibiotic a doctor
fate a stuck-up a la botella figure
Priscilla free al per year already had a
free definitely say hateful Estonia
well para Hamid wan-koo a model jihad a
Philistine vaca Jaya bada and truly just
to indicate force al ilmu cover me free
Morales be cut at my entire oh by the a
dreamer Holland Gianni Haddad Italy
absolutely love us low bid me Haines
kalam better Elena and Matata and look
at in Montego luetin fulfill our torah
look at in my unit in molarity with them
as the Intifada spread and gathered
momentum it represented an increasing
threat and thorn in the side of the
Israeli military and intelligence
services the imprisonment of a leading
Palestinian resistance figure didn't
seem to have stemmed his influence and
this brought about the second key event
for Fatih shikaku in what in retrospect
looks like an odd decision the Israelis
decided to release him only two years
into his four year jail sentence they
deported him to south Lebanon where it's
reported he was in touch with the Shia
Islamic group Hezbollah and possibly
with Iranian contacts father Scotty was
going in and out of jail in and out of
the in and out of the interrogation
cells of the Shin Bet II Israeli
internal Secret Service for a very long
time until Israel made the critical I
would save him to the extent of
strategic error and decided to expel
vataj cocky now the reason why Israel
did that was of course to get rid of the
risk but the outcome was a much
empowered risk because in Lebanon they
were given the hospice the funding the
financing the training and the overall
support of the Iranian Revolutionary
Guard
but shikaka stay in Lebanon was
relatively short and in 1989 he moved to
Syria in Damascus he would seek a close
working relationship with the government
of Syrian President Hafez Assad he was
pushing at an open door as qiraji you
don't be a Nana and imagine a vehicle
Mahalo
eridan
mashaallahu kana to Salman ki rasoi
Rosetta conduct Raja Anna guanaco for
Jabba tomorrow to do with Miriam's
ovaries well then a locket was you come
and peerless warrior and a new era Surya
unchastity dr. photography
haqiqa Phil badeah character to Khalil
and free a couple has a figure or has a
stage who has Albert Manish some I could
lift minimun homogeneity animal care
data Java and ohai ela who overacted
Louis Alec mapa de Parma a hotkey bar
atmosphere in Slovenia was the happiness
of young in a as al masud or ruffian
haqiqa for the Teddy Kaner cara cara
Surya is adequate at least a Java with
the job man
what love dr. Khatri but that Lala cost
me a no-brainer
Pierre Fe Surya Shekhar key based
himself and his organization here in the
Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in
Damascus is Lama kiya had was growing
into what the Israelis considered to be
the most extreme Palestinian group one
experienced European commentator later
described it as perhaps the fiercest of
all Israel's modern-day enemies akaki
was certainly deeply opposed to the
mainstream peace process as well as to
the agreement brokered secretly by
Norwegian diplomats between Israeli
Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin and PLoS er
Arafat the Oslo Accords habló Slovakia
no habla Madrid I'm not a sayin the red
comet Alamo be October was saying
pablum Madrid Kunak at Bella and Anwar
samovar badly - killjoys Oh Baba what
that was well Carrera you read una the
word battle over total Jay said I'll
just Ruth Feliz panic lemon I you know
the Nara billion worst let me refer to
hook me 30
Leyzaola Rosetta worry how
shikaka was opposed to the Oslo Accords
because he didn't want any kind of
compromise with Israel Islamic Jihad
conducted several attacks during 1994 in
response to them mainly in tandem with
Hamas in the meantime he began planning
a major attack for the start of 1995 he
recruited a cell in the occupied West
Bank which he intended should carry out
a double bombing in Israel it involved
two members of the cell and Wasel car
and salish occur disguising themselves
as Israeli soldiers and going to a
strategically important crossroads
between Tel Aviv and Haifa it was called
beit lead junction and on Sundays it was
full of Israeli soldiers and reservists
travelling back to duty after the
weekend the attack was planned for 9:30
on the morning of the 22nd of January
a shot at a shovel city pabu kill the
Hinata s a bit so met with lead I'm
Tabitha le mal single camel of CC
machinima there were two suicide
explosions three minutes apart
the first bomber in military uniform
walked into the assembled soldiers and
detonated his explosive belt then a
second bomber blew himself up at the
same spot as rescuers arrived at the
scene of the first an estimated 21
Israeli soldiers were killed in the two
explosions along with the Bombers
Palestinian Islamic Jihad claimed full
responsibility for the two attacks which
were the first suicide bombings by fatty
Shekar Keys group romantical kübra a
little Estonian well Israeli in well
allah mustafa ala
caramely admit lead here after work
Bramalea bad Tapia Latifah Oslo well
wrestle Israeli water otherwise man at
Abraha Amalia mondo p.m. sorry but a kid
can a family a Kabir awoken at Amelia
area where a laughter feeha and more
generally had a fast carry bat al-hadith
kana as Korean bat cannot muhabba yet
regime mafia
and renewed well what the bot and the
meta was Darwin Allah Allah Allah Allah
ordinary Allah what would early
yesterday I had and yes the famous shoe
idiot her the anomaly I'm a litte bit
lead cannot be an errand it comes with
the same cannot mean I'm here to Miami
FEMA Seattle jihad famous hero dr. FATA
Kakadu a FEMA silicon floss Taniya and I
know that had the family who taught
Khmer and Barry where a Malia no fee
that Cameron Barry
Prime Minister Huckabee went to bed lead
to view the situation he saw the bodies
he saw the protesters who were
demonstrating against his I would say
control of the situation
demanding him to do something that he
came back to Tel Aviv the Ministry of
Defense red with anger he called in the
chief of the Mossad chapter Javed and
ordered fattoush kaki to be killed
immediately
signed the jaw code of the Mossad red
sheet red sheet is an assassination
order against escape the bait lead
attack seemed to harden Israeli resolved
to deal with shikaka and Islamic Jihad
the challenge for Mossad would be how to
do so while Shekar key lived in Syria
under the apparent protection of its
President Hafez Assad in January 1995
the armed Palestinian group Islamic
Jihad carried out a suicide attack on a
bus station between Tel Aviv and Haifa
killing 21 Israeli soldiers there's no
definitive account of events but Prime
Minister Yitzhak Rabin reportedly
ordered Mossad to kill the group's
leader dr. FATA chicagee immediately
according to Israeli journalist ronen
bergman the mission was given to ki dong
the Mossad Department thought to be
responsible for executing opponents
Bergman says that there were both
practical difficulties and political
sensitivities with targeting chicagee
and Damascus because of his protection
by Syrian President Hafez Assad when
Prime Minister Raman ordered Mossad to
kill Fanta shocking Mossad was able to
locate fattish kaki in Damascus he was
operating under the hospice of president
late President Assad Hafez al-assad and
he was his private home and his
headquarters were situated in Damascus
from where he commanded his operatives
in the West Bank and in Gaza Strip
Mossad suggests the two prime minister
robbing to take him out in Damascus
either by exploding his car shooting him
which was on a less priority because
shooting is very risky for the shooter
for the sniper or poisoning him
however there were operational risks
because Damascus is a very risky arena
for Mossad to work it was clear that if
someone understand that someone tried to
hit fat fish kaki who is a respectable
guest of Syrian intelligence immediately
Syrian intelligence will shut down the
borders the seaports the airport and it
would vary it would be very hard for the
assassins to get out and in a Mossad
assassin being caught in Damascus the
outcome is only death the second one was
political the chief of military
intelligence brigadier general hisagi
objected anything of that sort of
operation happening in Syria because of
the political secret negotiation that we
have
in that time between Israel and Syria
said if the Syrians would discover that
we have killed one of their guests this
would be seen as a blunt violation of
Syrian sovereignty and could jeopardize
the the continuation of the secret talks
the the political talks the peace talks
would see a murder mission in Syria was
therefore impossible but Mossad agents
are nevertheless reported to have
entered the country and located chicagee
they established that his personal
security was poor and that virtually
anyone could set up a meeting with him
in Damascus finding him did not seem to
be the problem
addition the Commish this is made up of
all Jewish and made a gamma geek Moshe
Marty me inside information they have
been formato him she is wimba Lebanon
she is Remus a colleague had met Simone
Center husband cello semi scrapped and
economies hockey moodini she won't be
struck by loud
philosopher Papa awarded name into death
redeeming
hell
career in Omaha the left aspect and
Valhalla
and they'll have a deal
within a few months Mossad is said to
have penetrated shakaar keys in a circle
and to have brought in one of its agents
from Cyprus Abdul Qadeer Salah he
thought to have covertly worked his way
into Chicago's office gained his trust
and become one of his closest associates
Sally's job for Mossad in Cyprus had
been to monitor the activities of PLO
students there he thought to have become
one of the key players in the plot to
assassinate dr. FATA chicagee maybe you
could say any and any other and your
dare show you I'll be much more I'll say
you're in falestine in beautiful Austin
issues we because we seen sheba SMEs a
lion cashier in Mangano lady Univision I
mean la mode similar live show that very
my elevator a mission lots of the me
Anya tell me time a Fatah they may seem
odd masuka's there is a mashup at samos
impossible
Becca freezing and surface affection
your mail inside information and a
certificate I see no you know me at on
the same chef shall I add name leash of
Betty medals ebony madam are still Oh
Tom even in toluca met Amida Oceana
tonight you know Shelley Nicole's a man
gay no no suppose polish lemma shall
regal shall assume OD inches a selectman
Indian channel Amanda bling boy
Israel military intelligence was able to
intercept much of these communications I
would say that fat fish cop he was not
paying enough attention from his point
of view enough attention attention to to
feel security lerna adopted and who not
merely me still have that killer waffle
her lip touch with mobile alert kathira
and then my agile hadith and missile
have he a lot more dr. Alicia coffee can
her definitely Israel Belichick he had
the fat and no I'll heard of inaudible o
world aha Abbott Lisa Walker Hunico
matter AM la mia cowan sorry if in high
enough for that Emily yet harder
imitability le docteur coffee
Mossad appears to have monitored shikaka
for several months
his movements to Tehran Damascus Beirut
and Libya would have been reported back
to Tel Aviv
some reports say that at one point in
June 1995 chudan got so close to him he
was within sniper range but they didn't
pull the trigger other unforeseen
factors came into play they did not
succeed they got very very very close to
fetish cocking fetish cocky didn't even
know how close IDF snipers and Mossad
assassins were to him in mid-1995 but it
failed due to operational circumstances
that were not anticipated by the
intelligence in September 1995 Libyan
president Muammar Gaddafi angered by
Yasser Arafat signing the Oslo Accords
with Israel announced he was going to
expel the estimated 30,000 Palestinians
living in his country causing widespread
protests and a humanitarian crisis
Palestinians appealed to Gaddafi for
restraint and in October
Gaddafi issued an invitation for a
Palestinian delegation to visit Tripoli
that delegation comprised Abu Musa Saeed
Muraki from a party calling itself Fatah
Intifada leading PFLP figure Talal Nagi
and fatty shikaka representing Islamic
Jihad Jaffa they have the monopoly yet
alpha destiny and Medina the Libyan
Austria come on Adam and the idea Sarah
Arafat in a philistine can had at Herod
who had at Euro he conferred a few out
of the number a certain animal that has
about
buried an unredacted fer buried and
Omalu matt had a more Alicante familia
de fée comma B and a bitter kool-aid
Philistine wedding video comparison to
an ankle boot on the bottom come again L
her do it here in Managua - Federman -
my lost in calf a 10 DB eroded mostly an
Austrian Cano loved in the whole forest
in a llama surfer on acid Melinda - Jota
wheeler that would feel Hannibal they
say yeah didn't Mohammad there was an
international embargo on flying in
Libyan airspace at the time so she kaki
had to fly from Damascus to the closest
location to Libya Malta he would then
finish his journey by sea this would
have been the opportunity Mossad was
waiting for it gave them the chance to
get to shikaka outside Syria qidan was a
step ahead of him and got to malta
before he did
on the 4th of October 1995 chicagee also
arrived in Malta from Damascus and went
immediately to the port to sail to
Tripoli but hidden I did it's time they
would wait for Chicago's return trip
meanwhile shikaka arrived in Libya and
made for cert to meet Gaddafi the Canada
hi Jerry filmography Ally laughs lucky
trees Anakin a powerful can you card if
you shop around and fill Estonia
mr. Hoffa Larabee then and if usual
million Philistine podium in Libya are
aware the body with her dude
k-pshh abou know we kind of hit Lanka
Anika patella Kanazawa jury in Atlas
forum in Makkah and muhabba Malkin dr.
banner develop you read and emotional
ability still apart
Hassan Allah Karim Allah will be added
Counahan Valentina
shikaka stayed in Libya for three weeks
and then plant his return to Damascus
again via Malta
Anna resulted in sheriff attract but to
locate any charitable more acne sufferer
him connected towered on Tariq Tunis and
last Sofia truly magical Anna between a
sandy Bush calamar Nizam betweenness to
the master and the anti-bush Kinnaman is
our famous ordinary always yeah Tariq
Malta where are the new hold on
treatment
back to Annie to Malta Hawker
while tomorrow from finish at berries
then was had the sanguinary Malta
Maru and the multiple at birth to
Ariadne by then I can draw a bow and get
an army or a banana me and here are your
catering mobile main well middle
mumineen and Orion is a judge alcove
that the sellers are not stuck devotee
metal Anya is a generally Lester divorce
I would answer her own come home in
lucky huh well I done in the food world
for assalamu alaikum Salaam
especially no mafia for Akasha of yummy
so shikaka arrived in Malta on the 26th
of October 1995 kiddin was everywhere
especially at the port
but chicagee traveled on a libyan
passport under the alias ibrahim al show
we SH are not impossible for kid on to
identify
he planned to fly to Damascus the next
day and so checked into the diplomat
hotel under his alias
I'll show eesh in the morning
to the multis shikaku was simply a
traveling libyan businessman that
morning he stayed in his room for about
an hour but at 11:00 went out to a
travel agent to booked his ticket to
damascus for the next day but when he
returned to the diplomat hotel he had
company
they were waiting for some time that he
is alone in the street and then a Yamaha
motorcycle was driving next to him
slowly two people wearing black helmets
on the motorcycle the guy at the behind
pulled out a gun shot fat fish cocky few
times he is left dead few bullets were
shot to make sure that he is dead to
verify his death and they immediately
vanished the assassins were taking a
boat ship rubber boat and then to an
Israeli submarine and sail back to Tara
Wasel Nafissatou Shirin unik she
retracted appeared on sta almorzar
non-effective omen pero Hector tart Jim
Dana Lazar metal persona una cadena
satan minerality minuta america tension
inca chef Eleazar Lafayette dock 18
Corrado Jamieson in magistrate Halloran
steiner nam la investigación eunuch eat
in Hammonds barrel
we had named Clayton era hamsa Lee Kyra
college or a soda fairy Hill pistola
desperado
Avaya Kennedy knows parity at close
range
if you remain determine distance Arab
Hoffner normal meant with nine
millimetre parabellum
kikuchiyo sporadic a tip Dharma key cool
Balam dolla to her jet Museveni malaysia
metal bullet seminal aquino nine
millimeter short canoes are Ostra nine
millimetre parabellum type
oma typical meant in mode keifa's elvish
total m'lila mean our motto at have
nannies are on the theory at short range
they are extremely efficient well fat
metal Attell likkle hodkin alakina
gaussians Noguchi and beyond lean Attell
malta Saratov lead on TV rattle persona
Emma - la la la walnut can a monkey
Minister of Israel multi lololol an
eternal leader Tull jihad Islamic of
Malta matter doc can I flee can a murder
Taslima fame an adult businessman Libyan
interfering can we had malik enough
asking for israel or an alumina well the
shooting seemed to go exactly as Mossad
had planned as in Syria chicag his
personal security and Malta had been
non-existent especially for such a
wanted man
there were reports at the time possibly
from the Maltese police of some kind of
Libyan involvement the Libyan
intelligence may have tipped off Mossad
about Shakur keys travel plans in hotels
day but even those who worked on the
case at the time are reluctant to make a
definitive judgment in tto seta yo G
Mahal mil-mil Mossad Israeli onna yo Oh
Cole Oh dynamos cladonia art mill miss
for Sigrid he'll be on a leash km ship
informatio nearly in jihadis nameko Kelo
kinfe problem in Burma Gadhafi doc el
período em Tory lickin em service agreed
upon in para maana session including la
we had hola Ashley Hall Lincoln on
veloute was of an Athenian policy of doc
Laval docking available
Phil Phil Phil Mort investigates yawning
al de vacas a castle are not boffin
Mileva but or a valley SH hash out she
Ahmad shame a penitential Qaddafi
chicagee yeah yeah whole edifice
Casablanca for morality Julio chaloo
director Qaddafi Odelle symbol image a
moving ship comida Miyaichi nia Alcala
Tania's o te llama aboard no abhayam me
lovely Martha they add very manly
support never pursue at his social fat
really cocky in Canada had a dose 300
and Camilla's ready al mahabharata--
severe family turkey Johnny and Qaddafi
una dama Qaddafi la double assess if he
have AMA rotten silly Road or safari in
Libya
was it well as money and more any other
family of immigrants ANZ a nickel had no
more become attractive but definitely no
fools
are we free multiple digital camera
working an auntie that Libyan and yet
she who knock another I started out last
about any own Gaddafi yet more Betty
Burnham or tomorrow the day he no food
how we work a virgin
Palestinian Islamic Jihad survived
Shekar Keyes death has continued its
campaign and has claimed responsibility
for over 30 suicide bombings of both
military and civilian targets it
continues to be supported by
Palestinians angry at Israeli security
measures perceived intransigence over
peace talks and illegal settlements in
the occupied West Bank indeed Israel's
very existence
in conclusion both easy Robbie and ronen
bergman seen clear that Shekar Keys
death was a Mossad assassination and as
such it should be added to the list of
the agency's extrajudicial killings
vitreous Ngati Tama tada
ki you better make a bracelet otezla
lean que el aceite nose official Casa
Annabelle became a Mohammed ANOVA's
commercial aunty media Vespa regenerated
Papa Edson Mehmood de amor at me Auriga
saber Opie GUI at Offutt a laboratory so
l v betrayal Xhosa mashaallah each
chakra binti bella lotta Kinnear
je t'aime if sanic am a lap ago Hema La
Salle rear if Kobe Mishima nah hell data
payload pelota terminology Hadas la me
when a chef should very masuka's a a you
may add Mahatma anonym the Oh Tod kapha
mission che Masha Peter can attempt a
triage cocky the Sun a halo soup a hair
shall elude velocity need a better
militant it Alberta
Alima s Shiva Shiva Oh merit xie na's no
law no shit falestine
in Iraq Becky Pharma Salama vac Michigan
Ibaka's Ahmed
it's a very interesting story about the
war between perpetrators people who I
think would be seen by Palestinians as
Palestinian heroes but as seen from the
from the Israeli point of view as no
less than pure evil people who took a
firm stand in the Palestinian armed
struggle people who killed many Israelis
and the efforts that Israel was ready to
devote in order to stop these people and
in some cases like in the case of a
Jewish copy to kill him
there's also the question was that
effective meaning the killing of a
Jewish khaki did it change anything
you
