more bombs have been dropped by Syrian
government in Russian warplanes on
hooter
the besieged rebel has district near the
capital Damascus is home to 400,000
people activists report dozens of
airstrikes on the urban and harassed
areas in the last 24 hours
Bota is supposed to be part of a
de-escalation zone but at least 300
people have died in air and artillery
strikes since November many of the
wounded including children are dying
because of the lack of medical supplies
we're scared
we hide inside the room or the toilet
you're learning in our message we are
children who have nothing to do with
this war the regime bombards us every
day children everywhere else can study
eat and drink here we have nothing I'm
always very scared the siege of Goethe
began in 2013 and the relentless
bombardment has destroyed most of the
city as a matter of fact the bombardment
and the Russian weapons being tested
here against the poor people of Syria
have badly affected us no one has given
support to our oppressed people and it's
gone massive ishara
you walk down the road with absolutely
no money in your pocket you think of how
you can feed your hungry and thirsty
kids at home and all of a sudden another
man comes across you asking you for some
spare money to buy food for his kids and
you feel confused whether to cry for
your bad situation or for his worst
situation critics of the United Nations
and aid agencies say the world either
doesn't care or just pays lip service
while bombs continue to fall lien is
leaving over 400,000 people who live or
are living there leaving them to fate to
face their fate dying by shelling or by
starvation even in areas we are fighting
his finish such as Raqqa ISIL mines in
what was the fight is self-declared
capital continue to kill and maim as
well as unexploded bombs dropped by
us-led coalition aircraft the group
Doctors Without Borders is calling on
all warring parties and their allies as
well as demining organized
and donors to increase mind clearance in
Raqqa and its suburbs and to help inform
people of the risks to protect them from
avoidable deaths and injuries and that
suffering is being repeated in many
other cities and towns across Syria some
of the Javaid al-jazeera
