Alexandra Pavlos work as a translator of
German novels dried up six years ago she
couldn't pay her $500 monthly mortgage
and nearly lost her house the reason she
isn't homeless is that she now rents out
her fur apartment and uses the proceeds
to pay the bank but she still has a lot
of debt she cannot pay off my original
credit card debt of three or four
thousand euros shot up to ten thousand
and today is around forty thousand the
interest was highway robbery I recently
asked the bank to write some of it off
but they refused
Pavlo is one of thousands of Greeks who
fear they will lose their homes because
they haven't got enough work or income
the new law allows banks to foreclose on
debtors properties and auction them off
online instead of going through the
law-courts protests like this one will
no longer have any effect in deterring
auctions and banks plan to sell off
thirteen billion dollars worth of
property this year and next this former
Caesar politician says the government is
allowing banks to profit from taxpayers
the banks have acted like thieves
they've been recapitalized three times
the last time cost the taxpayer 40
billion euros it's compensated banks
with 70 to 80% of their non-performing
loans so these loans should have been
written off but it's not just the banks
that are being given the green light to
seize property the state will also claim
it earlier austerity laws have already
given the Greek taxman the power to draw
all but a few hundred euros from tax
debtors bank accounts the new law will
also allow the government to sell their
homes online for tax debt of as little
as six hundred dollars and series's new
law is also digging up what the left
considers hallowed ground demanding that
at least fifty percent of workers be
present in any vote to go on strike
unions here say this will effectively
make strikes impossible
the government says these measures are
an unpleasant but necessary step on the
after graduating from its economic
oversight by the eurozone in August but
even if the economy is given a clean
bill of health this year many Greeks
believe the pain of austerity measures
will be felt for decades to come
jump psaropoulos al Jazeera Athens
