late on Monday night the Palestinian
leadership issued a statement that could
have far-reaching consequences for the
peace process the statement includes the
call to suspend recognition of Israel
suspend security coordination with it
and unite the Palestinian factions
through reconciliation the statement
comes from the Central Council of the
PLO after two days of meetings it will
be discussed further by the PLO
Executive Committee and is up to that
committee to implement the most policy
at some point in the future the
statement also said that the u.s. is no
longer a partner for peace and that the
Palestinians want international
involvement but given that the u.s. is
perhaps the only country that can put
pressure on Israel will this work we
have to utilize different forms of
accountability for result it has to know
that this occupation this form of brutal
colonialism can no longer be accepted
and therefore we have to go to the
International Criminal Court we have to
go to the International Court of Justice
we have to join organizations and accede
to charters and conventions that would
protect us on the one hand and hold
Israel to account the US president
Donald Trump has said he will cut USA to
the Palestinians if that happens there
will be an economic impact this factory
produces extract of olive leaf tablets
and is part of a multi-million dollar
project to encourage enterprise in
Jericho the occupied West Bank the
factory was set up in this industrial
zone were Japanese investment without it
it wouldn't have been successful for the
operations manager here it shows that
there are alternatives to the US for
example the Japanese other governments
they showed interest in helping the
economy there are lots of other options
once it's complete this Japanese funded
industrial zone will house around 5,000
workers and that's going to have a
positive impact not just here locally
but across the Palestinian territories
now if you speak to Palestinians what
they'll tell you is oftentimes foreign
aid unlike US aid comes without strings
and preconditions but it's not just
economics politics also plays a key role
according to one analyst Palestinian
President Mahmoud Abbas has options he's
trying to tell the international
community that I will be going to the
United Nations time after time and he is
trying to say that I will have I will be
patient I will stop looking for a
two-state solutions if you are not ready
for it if the Israelis are model ready
for them
despite Palestinian confidence that
there is an alternative to u.s.
involvement in the peace process how the
international community will react is
key at some point the Israelis and the
Palestinians will need some sort of
framework for talks without the u.s.
what that will look like is currently
unknown Imran Khan al Jazeera occupied
West Bank
