please welcome the leader of the Labour
Party and our next prime minister Jeremy
Corbyn to his supporters he offers hope
in a world of neoliberal get-rich
capitalism and they were expecting
Jeremy Corbyn to come out fighting
against the government and a system and
true to form he delivered a speech which
set out to destroy what he called greed
is good he tried to speak directly to
those British cities
he said have been left behind to perish
I can announce this today that our
programme of investment and
transformation to achieve a 60%
reduction in emissions by 2030 will
create over 400,000 skilled jobs to
ensure that comes about good jobs Robin
also had to address brexit since almost
the entire labour membership now is far
more committed to remaining in the
European Union than he seems to be he
was more interested in seizing power
than addressing the Europe question and
it is inconceivable what we should crash
out of Europe with no deal it would be a
national disaster that is why if
Parliament votes down a Tory deal or the
government fails to reach any deal at
all
we would press for a general election
Jeremy Corbyn maintains that his
policies are the new mainstream though
in truth they do appear fairly radical
set against what passes for most
European politics nowadays but his point
is that he's not really trying to appeal
to the party faithful here he's trying
to speak to traditional working-class
voters across the UK who've stopped
supporting labour just a couple of
kilometers down the road from where he
was speaking is the post-industrial
world Corbin says he wants to mend
abandoned docks and warehouses from a
time more than a century ago when
Liverpool was a global trade center on
the local beach where famous sculptures
speak of desolation and isolation caused
by industrial decline Corbin would
imagine a sea full of wind turbines and
the old warehouses turned into factories
in new industries people seemed to buy
the theory but there is an unmistakable
air of suspicion I don't think he'll
ever be Prime Minister but it was very
helpful if he did if he was Primus he
certainly better than the one we've got
now that's for sure he is for the
working class you will look after
working-class people
I am very strongly pro-europe Anna I
don't understand why he's just been
silent really the months emotions
he's not been saying anything about
brexit as it stands Jeremy Corbyn wants
to portray himself as Prime Minister in
waiting the man who will rescue Britain
from the hell of the Conservative Party
and a nightmare brexit this hall has
bought the promise the outside world is
still thinking about it
Lawrence Lee al jazeera Liverpool
