the sheer scale of karelians business
activities reaches into almost every
aspect of British life Karelian and its
contractors are involved in managing
hundreds of schools hospitals and
prisons and maintaining thousands of
military homes karelian is also a major
infrastructure company involved in
constructing the multi-billion dollar
high-speed to rail link as well as
multi-million dollar hospital and
transportation projects it's collapsed
sent shockwaves through the corridors of
government and cast grave uncertainty
over the livelihoods of tens of
thousands of workers including here at
the Royal Liverpool hospital this
catering staff cleaning staff it's
absolutely diabolical what's government
they don't know if the futures gonna
hold and it's not just in me is he sad
Karelian are all over you know so it's
going to happen to a lot of people all
over the country
after three profit warnings in the past
six months the signs were there when
last-ditch talks broke down on Sunday
Kirill Ian's chairman Philip green
confirmed that the company's lenders had
pulled the plug the British government
quickly promised that public services
will not be interrupted the Karelian
workers were told to turn up for work as
usual but reports quickly emerged of
staff being sent home and the mood in
parliament is grim we have been
monitoring Karelian closely since its
first profit warning in July 2017 and
since then have planned extensively in
case of the current situation and have
her robust and deliverable contingency
plans in place these are being
implemented immediately to minimize any
disruption and to protect the integrity
of public service delivery the news was
met with furious reaction from
opposition politicians lauded Onis
former head of the government's
infrastructure Commission compared it to
the notorious Enron scandal one of
America's biggest corporate bankruptcies
trades unions are demanding urgent
protection for Karelian workers and
they're calling for a formal public
inquiry into why Karelian were still
being awarded contracts despite clear
evidence that company was in deep
trouble it's perverse that despite the
profit warnings incidentally in the
middle of those profit wormans bonuses
were still paid to senior executives
that the
government still awarded those contracts
this is taxpayers money and there must
be a public inquiry just a few months
ago Karelian was probably the biggest
company that you've never heard of but
not now and with its business activities
affecting so many people's day-to-day
lives and it's unfinished projects so
enormous ly costly plugging the gap left
by its collapse is going to be a complex
process
Paul Brennan al-jazeera London
