is Donald Trump playing with fire by
backing Kurds in Syria yes he is
says Turkey which feels threatened by a
new army of 30,000 mainly Kurdish
soldiers on the Turkish border how much
volatility will they add to the war zone
this is inside story
Oh welcome to the program I'm Jayne
Dutton us support for Kurds in Syria is
leading to threats of retaliation from
Turkey the us-led coalition plans to set
up a 30,000 strong force in Syria just
across the border with Turkey Turkey's
president thinks the Kurdish LED force
is a threat and is vowing to attack the
city of Afrin in northern Syria
Efrain is a major stronghold of YPG
Kurdish fighters Turkey considers the
YPG a terrorist group linked to
Kurdistan Workers Party or the PKK
fighters have waged a long war against
Turkish dominance Marina hond reports
turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan
using a party address to look staunch in
the face of a us-backed Kurdish force on
his southern border
he promised to respond with a show of
force saying Turkey will launch its own
military operation in the northern
Syrian city of a frame just like we do
not let the Kurdistan Workers Party or
PKK open their eyes within our borders
we are determined to vanquish them on
the other side of our border God willing
in the coming days we will continue the
operation to purge our southern border
from terror Turkey has fought Kurdish
factions within its borders for more
than 30 years and doesn't want to see
the Kurds gain power in neighboring
Syria the US and the European Union say
the PKK is a terror group but in
northern Syria the mirror can say
they're supporting Kurdish forces not
the PKK specifically the Kurds are the
most effective fighting force against
the Islamic state in Syria and they've
been very successful at that
that's the American purpose but the
Turks regard the Kurds and the YPG has a
dire threat u.s. President Trump
promised Iran that he would stop arming
and training Kurd fighters but the
Pentagon never made that official now
Turkey is furious about reports of a new
US backed border force of 30
thousand personnel with the Syrian
democratic forces a group largely
controlled by the Kurdish YPG they will
reportedly deploy along the border of
Turkey Iraq to the southeast and the
Euphrates River Valley the dividing line
with Assad's military the
american-backed Kurdish YPG posted this
online in December purporting to show
clashes with Turkish forces it's enough
rain in northern Syria the same Kurdish
Enclave where our one now says he will
launch a military operation in the
coming days despite it all we believe we
have common interests with America in
the region and hope we can act in
concert because the time has come to
support Turkey and the time to give
strategic cooperation is due offering
could be the test for a difficult
three-way relationship between powers in
the Syrian war turkey the United States
and the Kurdish fighters so hated by one
side and supported by the other million
nowand Al Jazeera
well it's bringing our guests joining us
from Washington DC Guren ozcan Peoples
Democratic Party representative to the
United States of America HDPE is a
Kurdish opposition group in Turkey in
Istanbul mitten gorge on a security
analyst and former Turkey military
officer and from Arezzo Italy by Skype
is joshua landis director Center for
Middle East Studies at the University of
Oklahoma very warm welcome to all three
of you let me start off with you
joshua landis what do you make of this
outright support nur for the Kurds in
Syria and the u.s. backing this 30,000
strong force well it's it's clearly a
new departure for the United States the
u.s. went into Syria saying that it was
a very narrow policy to defeat Isis
today Isis is largely defeated yes there
needs to be more policing but the United
States has developed a policy which goes
far beyond defeating Isis today it is
trying to rollback Iran weaken Assad
help its allies Israel and Saudi Arabia
and deny Assad capability to rebuild to
keep it weak and divided this means
supporting the Kurds in the north and a
larger unclaimed this is infuriated
Turkey in air21 it is driving Turkey
towards Russia and I believe it's a
dangerous policy for the United States
because it will be very difficult and it
will isolate the United States from
Assad Iran Turkey and eventually even
Iran Matan good John what do you think
the u.s. is up to him how are you
gauging Turkish response and the
military response yes ma'am I mean just
literally three hours ago
president Erdogan he made an very very
strong speech and this has been the most
inflammatory speech that he made so far
so Ankara is thinking that you YPG
forces a PKK affiliated YPG for
is an imminent threat for the security
of Turkey and Ankara is very firm on
this issue with this rhetoric president
Erdogan has been trying to emphasize
underline this fact and ma'am I have to
say that when taking into account the
military situation on the ground it is
very hot it's getting getting
increasingly hot at the moment and wait
when taking into an Cara's firm stance
against YPG thinking that I suggest that
armed confrontation in the north of
Syria between Turkish military or
Turkish military backed Free Syrian Army
forces and YPG forces is imminent the
scale of this armed confrontation is
however is not determined by Ankara
neither on Quran or YPG but is going to
be decided on the two capitals first one
is Moscow the second one is a DC and is
other ones are everyone's concerns about
YPG justified is it as much of a threat
to Turkey as he considers it to be I
have to say that you know to 2018 this
year 2018 is going to be with a high
probability is going to be an election
year of course I mean the strategic
rationale behind the his inflammatory
rhetoric first one is surely it's
because of domestic political
consumption but the second point is also
relevant I think turkey or anchors be
feeling a grave threat by being
encircled by the terror belt or PKK belt
stretching from the north of I mean
northern Iraq starting from kondal we
are seeing a region connecting Syria to
Iraq with those two Canton's in the West
I mean in the east of Europe it's I mean
Jazeera and kobani Canton's and did this
a Contin in the west of unifix I'm in
the kobani accountants or anchor our
item has been feeling under very big
pressure on how to first
prevent from prevented this terror belt
or PKK belt from happening and how to
control things going on in the north of
Syria and Garen Azza can your view the
Kurdish view of these moves by the US
well the move by the US seemed to please
the Kurds in the region firstly because
until now that the alliance between the
Kurds and the US has been largely seen
as transactional I mean that certain US
officials have said that that
relationship is a tactical relationship
and is based on the defeat of Isis but
as we see now the ISIS has largely been
defeated in Syria but this relationship
is continuing the u.s. says that this is
to maintain stability in the region and
I think the Kurds are pleased by this
that this relationship can move forwards
from not just defeating Isis but
maintaining in stability in the wider
region but also maybe further down the
line turned into a political
relationship rather than just merely a
military one against a joint enemy so I
think the step taken by the US now with
the border security force or further
diplomatic relationships which seem to
be also developing at the same time are
pleasing the Kurds in Syria specifically
because Metin her once said that Trump
had to choose between Turkey and NATO
ally all the Kurds this sort of move
seems to suggest that Trump and the US
have made up their mind when it comes to
this relationship yes I mean this is a
clear message Ankara has been trying to
increase its leverage I mean in the post
Isis setting there are three things to
be done in Syria at the moment first one
is to tame Assad the second one is to
balance Iran's increasing influence
particularly in the north of Syria
and the third one is to first
marginalize and eliminate Salafi jihadi
tuition in in north of syria so this for
these three tasks i think bought us
controlling the east of europe its and
russia controlling the west of Europe
it's they have been relying on YPG as a
coherent metal force on the ground as an
local proxy and amp UID as a a political
actor to achieve these three objectives
so Ankara has been seeing this and then
Ankara right now by pressuring by
creating a sort of pressure on the
strategic decision-making mechanisms in
the DC has been proposing this grim or
important factor of network memberships
and the traditional alliance between US
and Turkey
Joshu it seems by this move and the fact
that the u.s. went ahead unilaterally
that they've done nothing to appease the
Turks here can they afford to do that
now well that's the big question that's
the million-dollar question the United
States does seem to be giving up on
Turkey there's no doubt about it
by supporting Kurdish nationalism in
northern Syria this is alienating Turkey
it's been driving turkey into the arms
of Russia as we've seen over the last
few years
turkey was hoping that that relationship
u.s. Kurdish relationship would begin to
reverse once Isis was destroyed that is
not the case the United States is
building an argument for remaining in
northern Syria Saudi Arabia would like
the United States remain there Israel
would like the United States to remain
there to cut down Assad's government and
to deny the Syrian government oil water
and agricultural land
that's what chopping Syria into two and
developing a long term relationship with
the Kurds in the north helping them to
develop greater independence will
ultimately do it'll keep Syria very weak
this is a way to deny Iran the fruits of
its victory in Syria and also to bring
Russia
not so I think the United States is
seeing this as a way to hurt its enemies
Russia in Iran and to help its allies
both Israel and Saudi Arabia the trouble
is is that Turkey is collateral damage
here the United States relationship with
Turkey is going from bad to worse and
this dependence on the Kurds is in a
sense underlining that the United States
unfortunately I believe has looked at
turkey as a lost partner that is moved
towards dictatorship greater Islamism
less democracy is not something that's
going to be reversed and that America
can reverse I think the United States
the State Department increasingly is
writing off Turkish interests I mean to
some extent I agree with the Josiah but
the point I'm trying to emphasize is
this green fact for Turkey for almost
two weeks we see a sort of strategic
shift in the narrative of us decision
makers you know particularly in the when
they are talking about their activities
in the east of Europe it's you know once
they were saying that the u.s. decision
makers American decision makers they
were saying that their cooperation with
YPG forces on the ground is very limited
at the tactical level and only limited
with the fight against Isis but with
this shift strategic shift of this
narrative of you know right now the u.s.
decision-makers are talking about
creation of an standing army for border
protection you know the army of the
north involving around 330 thousand you
know combat proven soldiers what we are
here talking about the emergence or a
creation of an standing army I think
with this strategic shift of narrative
raise the alarm I will say bells in
Ankara this is the first point the
critical juncture that we have to
remember the second issue I think in
India
right now west of Murphy's we see the
advance of those russia-backed Assad
forces to eat them into it the city
center you know controlled by radical
elements within HTS so Ankara also has
been little bit disturbed by this recent
development and we see some complaining
about Ankara this advance this attack
towards it they would create a sort of
friction in Turkey and Iran sorry I want
to do I do want to talk about those
rebut your honor I mean this is quite a
military force is in the thirty thousand
many countries don't have that do you
think this will be the core of some sort
of Kurdish military odd sorry this is to
Giron it may well be but I think I think
the highlight here I think what we what
we need to highlight is that the
relationship between the u.s. and the
Kurds is going to continue and and this
implies maybe not directly a
nation-building project by the US but it
definitely implies that there's going to
be some sort of a consistent
relationship in the short and medium
term and I think another thing that we
have to underline here is the Turkish
states the Turkish nation states
historic dislike towards Kurdish
aspirations in the region and as as this
relationship develops between the Kurds
and the US and as this moves on from a
merely military relationship to a more
diplomatic and political one which may
well turn into a strategic strategic
relationship the turkey States reactions
are going to be more aggressive and I
think that's what this whole rhetoric is
mostly about yes I understand the
international conjuncture and how the
international relations are playing a
huge part in in this problem right now
and I agree with Joshua there and and
met in actually as well but this is
going to be between Moscow and DC but I
think that there is an
a current that has to be highlighted
here the turkey state's historic
reactions towards any sort of Kurdish
aspirations in terms of both autonomy or
independence it's it's a severe
aggression and this displeases the
turkey the Turkish state and I mean we
saw this in Iraqi Kurdistan to the
reflexes of the Turkish state in Iraqi
Kurdistan was similar yes they weren't
as aggressive but they were - at the
same time in Iraqi Kurdistan were also
against the Kurds of South Iraqi
Kurdistan developing their nationalist
aspirations and now with what's going on
in north of the Syria with the US until
recently was saying the relationship
with the Kurds is transactional but
right now after the defeat of Isis I
think the Turkish state is beginning to
understand and well it's ceasing to be
gullible in this sense the the u.s. is
going to maintain a longer relationship
with the Kurds and I agree with Joshua
yes this is at the expense of Turkey
that the u.s. is slowly less concerned
about losing turkey to Russia which
previously the State Department and the
US has always been worried about but I
think that concern is much less now than
what it used to be especially with our
dawn at the helm this may change the
change of attitude sorry that you raised
there I mean the u.s. was against the
Kurdistan the independence referendum in
Iraq and yet they seem to support the
similar type of action if it ever were
to get to that point in Syria real
change and policy here isn't it it is it
is and I think you're very right to
bring up that comparison because many
friends have been saying oh but they'll
America will abandon the Kurds in Syria
the way they have abandoned them in Iraq
now first of all I do not think the
United States has abandoned the Kurds in
Iraq the referendum deal in which the
Baghdad government took Kirkuk a
disputed city and America did nothing
was something that the United States had
always told the Kurds they couldn't have
they couldn't just take her cook I don't
think the United States has abandoned
the Kurds in Iran but but that clearly
the accusation has been made and this
makes America more sensitive to
abandoning the Kurds in Syria the big
difference is that America does not like
Assad and sees Damascus as an enemy
America's allies Israel and Saudi Arabia
both want to weaken Assad by staying and
helping the Kurds in northern Syria the
United States is hurting its enemies and
helping its friends the United States
sees bad ed as a friendly power and this
they built the Constitution the United
States did help build a constitution and
it's going to defend it in Iraq in Syria
the United States believes it can use
the curse to gain leverage over Assad to
fulfill the Geneva process which the
United States is trying to pursue a
peace process that will allow the US and
its allies to gain important interests
in Damascus I don't believe it will
succeed in this but I do believe the
United States is committing itself in
the medium and short term to the Kurds
northern Syria and this is a big change
which sounds like like a pretty
dangerous game doesn't it threatening
their former allies in a sense
Metin way do you think this leaves
Damascus or do you think Bashar Assad
will say listen you know of all but
cleaned up here in Syria it's nearly a
victory for me I'm prepared to let this
go I I'm inclined to buy this argument
of us has been I mean is now less
concerned about Ankara's interest and
pure prioritizations in Syria I am
inclined to buy that argument the point
I'm trying to emphasize is an important
how can I say getting increasingly
visible dynamic the instrumentalization
of YPG is a coherent military force on
the ground and
Pew ID is the political actors in the
rivalry between Russia and you yes in
the post Isis setting in Syria so Turkey
has been or anchor has been trying to
accommodate these two system level
actors and their diverging interests
which is getting harder and harder every
you know passing months for Turkey and
2018 I think it when a team will be an
indecisive year we will see whether
turkey is gonna accommodate these
diverging interest of two system level
actors you know one controlling us
controlling the east of Europe it's
Russia controlling the west of Europe
it's and right now also another
important dynamic at the end of January
we have Sochi you know meeting and this
will be an very very important meeting
for Turkey and the promotion of Turkey's
agenda in in in Sochi we will see major
Tehran or Moscow will be happy with that
or not so as I said before the
instrumentalization of YPG between in
the rivalry between Russia and us in the
future of Syria I think is an important
dynamic we'll play this now because it
could possibly be seen that Kurds
are one of the few winners from the
Syrian war now
well I mean the Kurds up until now have
actually balanced a good relationship
with both the US and Russia and one must
accept there's not not many forces on
the ground in the region that have been
able to do this and yes the Kurds since
the outbreak of the conflict in Syria
have had relationships with both sides
are currently still meant maintaining
the relationship with Russia to the west
of the Euphrates and with the u.s. to
the east of the Euphrates now what will
happen if arid on does actually follow
through with his fretts and attack Afrin
we know the the only way that could
possibly happen is if Russia allows for
the Turkish army to actually enter the
city whoever it opens up its airspace to
the Turkish army and so I think if that
does happen then there's going to be a
difficult discussion between the Kurds
and Russia then and both Russia and the
US understand the importance of having a
healthy relationship with the Kurds in
Syria many moving parts to the story
thanks for discussing it with us very
much good on Oscar meet in go John and
Joshua Landis and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website al
Jazeera comm for further discussion got
our Facebook page that's facebook.com
forward slash AJ inside story you can
also join the conversation on twitter
our handle is at aj inside story from me
Jane Dutton the whole team here goodbye
for now
