I am for me okay and then well it could
be learned and you're in the stream
today election meddling and
US relations but from a Russian
perspective we're here what some
Russians think about the headlines
dominating a US media we also want to
hear your take on Russia US relations
sinister comments via Twitter or live on
YouTube the November midterm elections
in the US could end Republican dominance
in the House and also in the Senate US
media is focusing on campaigns and also
on the question of Russian meddling will
the u.s. see a repeat of the 2016
election interference as alleged by the
FBI and to what extent are Russia's
online trolls trying to influence
American voters opinions today we want
to hear Russian perspectives on how they
view this and other news stories as well
as the bigger picture of Russia US
relations joining us to do that via
Skype for Moscow anonym stove ax Moscow
correspondent for The Daily Beast and
Newsweek in Boston a LeBaron offski a
PhD candidate at Harvard University she
studies social media Russian politics
and Russia's influence on public opinion
abroad and in New York Liana
mischenko a journalist and contributor
to Russian media outlets including
Commerce and expert TV and TV reign
welcome to the stream everyone let's
start with meddling I want to share a
tweet sent to the stream from Yuval
Weber associate professor of Russian and
Eurasian Studies at Daniel Morgan
graduate school here in Washington DC
this is what he says the meddling to
whatever extent has - Trump's and
Putin's hopes for a pragmatic
relationship and turned Russia into a
partisan issue in the u.s. everything
that Democrats dislike about Trump and
his policies can be traced to the
original sin in quotes there of Russian
help during the election oh no when it
comes to this issue do you agree with
what you've all says here
I do but if we think and look at things
from Russian perspective and I've been
traveling around Russian regions this
year a lot people think that America is
a threat and they more and more feel
concerned about the relationships
between the United States and Russia
getting spoiled more and more people are
afraid of of the war my texta driver in
Siberia asked me about the war of the
wars coming and he said that for as long
as posing as the president he hopes that
the war with the United States doesn't
happen I'm just trying to explain to you
how ordinary Russians see the situation
they do not follow the news they do not
read about Muir's investigation they
just worried about the future in the
future of their children I'm wondering
what everyday Russians think about
President Trump and he did a
particularly high profile press
conference yesterday let me play a
little clip of it and he's talking about
Russian meddling here let's have a look
by the Democrats they know it what about
the message that's being they did the
same thing with a Russia investigation
they can try to convince people that I
had something to do with Russia
there was no collusion think of it I'm
in Wisconsin I'm in Michigan I say gee
we're not doing well I won both those
states we're not doing well let me call
the Russians to help does anybody really
believe that it's a con job Lilliana do
some of Russians believe it's a con job
is there something to this Russian
investigation
how are you reporting it well I'd say
that generally speaking it does not seem
that Russian media especially a Russian
state media covered the situation with
Mueller's investigation precisely and
I'd say for the state propaganda deaths
in Russia they just speak an enemy
outside of the country and blame that
enemy for everything which is not going
well it's a very old solid strategy when
you know it's just easier to explain
ordinary people why they have to deal
with such bad things as you know as weak
economy as many laws that make their
lives even more complicated and I'd say
I'd say that the only angle which we can
see if I mean if we talk about the state
media I'm not talking about all Russian
media because as we know there are some
professional media outlets who still do
their job very very well but so when I I
just want to emphasize the fact that
when I refer to Russian TV I refer
mostly to the state propaganda so all
those late shows depict the States as a
threat and obviously there is nothing
good that it's sad about the us on that
shows but at the same time you know when
it comes to discussing Donald Trump then
they angle slightly changes so still
I'd say Russian audience doesn't really
have access to quality coverage of the
US affairs because while TV is still the
most powerful instrument of propaganda
and only educators or liberals other we
see that so low quality newspapers right
dad right yeah thank you know Ileana I
think that's an interesting point you're
making about the view from state-run TV
here's a tweet we got from someone named
erase' who talks about internet media
and Russia she says mainstream ones
cover president Trump's trade war
sanctions military activities and
sometimes they do analytics about the
political shift in the US but collusion
rarely mentioned as Russians consider it
to be overrated now of course if someone
who is here you're in Boston you know
collusion is a term that comes up a lot
in the US when it comes to Russia can
you talk to us about via your research
why this might be seen as overrated in
Russia why the collusion term seems to
be overrated in Russia so it seems to me
that although the recent studies like
Pew Research Center and I believe there
was also a Gallup poll indicate that
Russians overwhelmingly do not believe
that Russia interfered in the u.s.
election also simultaneously they
believe that something like 80 percent
of all Russians Russian respondents
believe that the US on the other hand
interferes in elections around the globe
and in the domestic affairs of other
countries it seems that the average
Russian citizen believes that in a
unipolar world in which the u.s.
dominates these are sort of the the
means that are available to the Russian
States this is what the Russian state
has at its disposal to counteract that
unipolarity just a little bit to just
change the balance a little bit in its
favor and so because they believe that
it's a noble goal in this case the ends
justify the means right I want to move
on a little bit now and have a look
deeper into the issue of online trolling
have a listen to the Twitter CEO Jack
Dorsey and Facebook CEO Sheryl Sandberg
they were testifying in front of a
Senate Intelligence Committee earlier on
this month we found ourselves unprepared
and ill-equipped for the immensity of
the problems that we've acknowledged
abuse harassment troll armies propaganda
through BOTS and human coordination
misinformation campaigns and divisive
filter bubbles that's not a healthy
public square when content violates our
policies we will take it down and when
our opponents use new techniques we will
share them so we can strengthen our
collective efforts everyone here today
knows that this is an arms race and that
means we need to be ever more vigilant a
lot of these social platforms right now
are trying to get rid of bots they're
trying to get rid of propaganda and
influencers and news that is I hate that
I hate the phrase I'm not going to say F
news but news that is not actually news
this is this is your wheelhouse this is
what you study from the other side from
the east looking across to the West is
this a this is this a fantastic success
story for the digital world in Russia oh
that's that's an excellent question
that's it's such a huge undertaking that
these social media giants have in front
of them because it's it's tremendously
difficult to keep up with these accounts
that keep springing up so just recently
in the news Facebook has shared that
again you know they're they're tracking
multiple accounts that are disseminating
fake news stories and slanted news
stories on Syria that are again traced
back to Russia Twitter is constantly
dealing with the same it's by no means a
success story it's something that is
very much an uncharted territory how do
you regulate the online space which
should be democratic and open to all
sorts of voices while at the same time
not allowing it to become this sort of a
divisive platform that is dominated by
narratives that are clearly not
conducive to you know to universal norms
of democracy and human rights and things
like that
and I'll go ahead I can see you're not
opening I was gonna go to you with the
tweet I'm interested to hear what you
have to say first well you know when
I've been reporting on troll factory a
lot obviously being based in Moscow and
covering thing use the factory in st.
Petersburg that as we know belongs to
mr. precaution who is also known on the
West as Putin's Cook has been growing
bigger they now occupy bigger building
they employ
more people who work on salaries and who
post certain messages on Facebook and on
Twitter every day that's their job but I
was also recently working Macedonia
where they hire trolls too so it seems
that trolls as a job you know everyday
job a troll is the kind of a trend so
young people don't mind to be working as
trolls and getting paid you know for
young people in Russia any job is good
because the economy is going down and
some young people hit the streets and
they protest against Putin and other
kids are ready to participate and
Putin's propaganda and work for Putin's
propaganda machine Anna do you call
trolls trolls in Russia
what's the Russian Patrol yeah yeah you
can call them trolls you can also call
them propaganda like propagandist it is
what they couldn't afford they call
themselves
that's a good question I've only
interviewed one troll woman who did not
add me that she was a troll she just
quit that job she was angry because she
was not paid enough money or the money
she thought she was meant to be paid and
she criticized the factory and she
described to me how the factory looks
inside which is very interesting you
know every floor she said had a special
cold but you could not access more flows
than just the one where you worked you
worked in a cubicle but every morning
they were slogans some ideas on the wall
for let's call them tools to to to get
the message you know what they're going
to tweet about or to post about that
that day so it's very much controlled as
far as I understand institution where
young people do not get paid much but
they're still willing to help any job
juliana i'd like i'd like to point out
that russian trolls and russian hackers
seem to be different units and wild
trolls well that that's the job for
civilians and russian hackers
well it wasn't it it was a news that
rush that russian ministry of defense
started hiring hackers approximately in
summer of 2013 and we didn't really well
basically dissenters and journalists are
getting hacked on the daily basis but we
didn't hear about really big stories for
a while and I think the the hacking
story started to pop up maybe in 2015
where we all knew for sure those cyber
unit sixties sure and I might interject
a go ahead oh yes so I would like to
point out from the point of view of
international relations scholar as far
as relationships between states are
concerned and sort of informational war
being one type of war right that a state
can wage against another state if you
think about it
hiring an army of online trolls is an
excellent choice for any state right
because these are people who one don't
cost very much waging an information war
by hiring a bunch of people who whose
you know technical expertise need not be
greater than just being able to post you
know a Facebook post or tweet a tweet
our create hashtags or what-have-you
it's really really cheap it's much
cheaper than training cyber operations
or you know buying missile missiles are
creating missiles things like that
and the second aspect of this is that
this gives the states plausible
deniability because whenever you
try to sort of pin down responsibility
for you know who interfered when and how
the Kremlin can always plausibly claim
that these are people who are just sort
of patriotic citizens who are
disseminating their own agenda that may
or may not coincide without of the
Kremlin so from those two points yeah
right and here we should remember the
story about so-called green people in
Crimea
do you ladies remember that story when
you know there were people wearing green
uniform without any signs that would
allow to say what country they
represents and Russia kept denying those
were Russian soldiers and then there was
another like about maybe half a year
later there was Bouton's press
conference when she when he admitted
that those people were Russians and
basically that's how whatever happens on
the US soil they always can take credit
for it and then the rest of the world
would be thinking that oh those Russian
hackers or Russian trolls they are
really dangerous and that's how Putin
will benefit from the situation early on
I think that's an interesting point I
wanted to share a few from our audience
listening to this so on YouTube live
backpacker guy that's his handle writes
in I am concerned about trolls negative
propaganda aimed at the easily
influenced creates artificial support
for a fake movement so saying that
unfortunately there are people out there
who will be swayed by this so I wanted
to give an example of what that might
look like this is via BuzzFeed news not
an article not too long ago this came
out in August this is how Russian
propaganda actually works in the 21st
century and in it the reporters went
into how the Russian government funded a
group of seemingly independent news
websites in Eastern Europe to put out
stories dictated by the Kremlin here's
one of the authors of that that article
holter says the propaganda works and
many different layers and part of it is
public the other part is hidden and
meant to look like real and independent
news media they take a lot of effort to
hide the financing scheme and the
coordination of topic
so if you decide not to trust the
official propaganda sites you might
still take these topics seriously if
independent sites cover the same thing
Allah does this surprise you at all and
what do you think it says about us
Russia relations right now that so many
Americans are going on these sites and
then believing this information yeah I
was just thinking actually about that
before you asked but for me personally
and my friends my circle of friends some
chocolates some are not journalists at
rule is pretty recognizable with the
identified role it's it's very easy
because messages seem too robotic and
you can easily check if it's a troll or
not a troll right into you
some people do really interesting
analysis now and there was a helpful
post recently as somebody identified
trolls among my friends and I I thank
that person for that but let's let's
just go back a little bit early Anna was
talking about Russia's getting
information from from television you
know majority of Russians actually do
believe or they might be skeptical but
they receive information from television
and less than 70 percent of Russians
travel abroad but Russian elite you know
the majority of rich people russia's
rich people live in moscow the biggest
city of the biggest number of
billionaires right their children study
abroad and i personally know quite a few
official Russian officials who have
babies in Miami who have wives living in
London who have huge apartments yeah and
they do follow the news they do read
news in English they breathe in your
charms that's why for instance today
this is one of the most read Russian
state newspapers talked about Trump's
conflict with within New York Times
correspondent when Trump and New York
Times correspondent had a little
argument
press conference about whether the New
York Times is a failing newspaper or a
very successful newspaper so I'm not
surprised to read that article really
intriguing all right so it's such a
fascinating relationship between Russia
and the US I want to share here the
Russian Foreign Minister his name is
Sergey Lavrov ladies you already know
that for our broader audience just in
case you don't on September 21st he was
commenting on the latest US sanctions
targeted at Russia have a look as for
the new sanctions which the US has
imposed on some Russian legal entities
and people we have stopped getting
surprised about them particularly in
regards to sanctions against the Russian
aircraft manufacturer and factories
these sanctions are nothing else but yet
another act of unfair competition and I
think we all once again understood that
the u.s. dollar system has completely
discredited itself and that the
confidence in the dollar is plummeting
you do a little but you on the one hand
you've got these US sanctions and on the
other hand you have two presidents
President Putin President Trump who seem
to be really good buddies and like each
other and say that in public whenever
they get an opportunity that seems to me
deeply confusing from the Russian side
looking out to the US is it confusing I
don't know about the Russian side I
don't know how well I represent that but
it certainly is a unique moment in
history in terms of the relationship
between the two countries because we
have as you said on the one hand the
relationship has nearly hit its nadir
right because the the two countries have
been fairly hostile with one another
ever since the annexation of Crimea in
2014 and the installment of these
sanctions that have not gone away then
the next big crisis was the interference
in the 2016 election of course but on
the other hand as you pointed out we
have the this highly personal istic
relationship highly idiosyncratic
between the two leaders I think it would
be overstated to say that President
Putin feel
exactly the same about President Trump
as vice versa because it seems like on
the side of Putin there's more amusement
toward Trump
whereas Trump sort of really does seem
to genuinely admire the guy it also that
I think an important implication of this
is that we we see that trumps base the
Republican base really follows him in
this assessment of Russia so even though
we see that the US public opinion is
still largely negative when it comes to
you know do you do you feel favorably
about Russia or not Republicans are
twice as likely to think that Russia is
good than Democrats so at least the
president the president's base is
following and so at this moment it's
really quite unclear to me where this
might go maybe this means that there
will be you know some sort of a reset of
the bilateral relationship and maybe
this will mean an improvement in the
relationship but a lot of it also
depends on what will happen in 2018
right if we observe another blatant you
know informational attack which I don't
think might happen but if we do I don't
see you know any possibility of
improvements do you think that Russian
trolls are having trouble figuring out
what they're supposed to say about Trump
sometimes I think that one day one day
official Russia hates drunk the other
day official Russia loves and celebrates
Trump again and then then official
Russia that's a great boring explains
everything on on Congress so poor troll
is sitting in the factory thinking what
am I going to say about today ladies the
results of what you were talking about
is represented in this tweet here I just
wanted to share this before we run out
of time you ball says the result of what
you're all are talking about right now
is that there are two different Russia
policies one of Trump and another of the
rest of the government and whenever
Trump leaves office facility to Russia
will held by partisan consensus I mean
you've been watching Anna and Allah only
honor though
or Russian thank you for our all Russian
lineup it's been very very revealing to
see the world from your perspective our
conversation continues always online you
can find us on Twitter at AJ stream Nico
and I will see you soon thanks for
watching everybody take it
