of all the social media people use in
Iran telegram is the most popular so no
doubt it will come as a relief to
Iranians that the government is eased
restrictions on the app put in place
during anti-government demonstrations
last month a day after unblocking
telegram Iran's president said resisting
progress is futile and that blocking
internet apps won't solve the country's
problems
yay Russia would ha seem annoyed yokas
there was a time we said no one should
listen to the radio
there was signal interference with every
station Oh than one or two wasn't
successful there was a time we said
using satellite TV is forbidden did that
work
do people not watch satellite TV now we
say cyberspace is bad if we say it's bad
does that fix the problem telegram is
like whatsapp Instagram Facebook and
eBay all rolled into one in the last few
years more and more Iranians have been
using smartphones and nearly half the
country
40 million unique users are on telegram
people in Iran have never been more
connected to one another as well as the
outside world than they are now ruse our
ruse or day by day is an online news
startup that develops content for social
media telegram let's there journalists
talk to people directly about poverty
minority groups and human rights the
kinds of issues traditional state media
outlets often ignore
madam yeah people want a way to access
news properly to feel the news is coming
to them without any filtering and
telegram is doing that telegram has also
become a digital marketplace for
businesses of all sizes and some like
the people in this room say they've made
millions of dollars telegram is replaced
the web altogether and I think more than
50% of all Internet traffic in Iran is
due to telegram ali reza elysee is the
CEO of adventure an online ad agency and
techie think-tank at a time of high
unemployment he says telegram is a job
created these channels i think have
created jobs for 200,000 people directly
for retail and 100,000 for advertising
and
or the 300,000 people who are make their
livings directly from telegram
indirectly he says telegram is
responsible for as many as 2 million
jobs and that it was a mistake to shut
it down in the first place last week the
deputy prosecutor general said telegram
traffic was down by 90 percent since the
unrest began but experts say the impact
on users has been much smaller and in
fact blocking it may have backfired most
people now use online tools like VPNs
bypass government restrictions and have
access to more of the worldwide web than
they ever did before
Zane Basra v al Jazeera Tehran
