I am for me okay annual in the stream US
President Donald Trump's tough talk on
immigration policy has tens of thousands
of people wondering whether there be
forced to leave the country from the
potential end of legal residency
programs to the president's opposition
to so-called chained migration we speak
with a few of those potentially affected
to learn how they're preparing for an
uncertain future
I'm Malika Balad and that's today live
on al-jazeera and YouTube deputy editor
and Latino rebels and I'm in the stream
immigration policy was a highlight of
hven candidate Donald Trump's bid for
the US presidency now almost a year
since taking office he's making a hard
push for comprehensive reform this issue
was suggested to us by a member of our
online community taya
Heather Peter now here's how our White
House correspondent Kimberly Hockett has
been reporting a story on al Jazeera
Donald Trump was defiant when asked in a
joint press conference with the
Norwegian Prime Minister whether he
would sign an immigration deal that does
not include funding for a border wall
with Mexico be or you know no it's got
to include the wall we need the wall for
security we need the wall for safety we
need the wall for stopping the drugs
from pouring in Trump appears to be
giving little ground on finding a
compromise to immigration reform
it comes after signaling he may be
willing to yield to demands by Democrats
to keep in place protections for illegal
immigrants brought to the United States
as children the program commonly known
as daca allows kids brought to the
United States before their 16th birthday
to remain in the country Democrats want
to keep it and have threatened to stop
funding the government over the issue
so as the deadline to reform daca
rapidly approaches how are the programs
beneficiaries responding to the news and
what's the likely outcome we're here to
help us discuss Mariana Martinez Peroni
is a university student and daca
recipient
oh so when I said we have loitered
jewels she is an immigration lawyer and
joining us all the way through our show
to help break down what all these
changes potentially could mean so it's
good to have you here Mariana and Loida
Mariana your story hello there you are a
daca recipient you have papers you have
legal documentation what makes you a
dreamer what was your story probably
everything about it starting from my
parents who came here for that dream and
going on through me I just you know the
regular dream I guess I want to go to
school I want to get a great job and
contribute and help my family out that's
kind of the dream and how old we when
you left you oh boy and you came to the
US I was 2 years old so from that time
into the days where we see of course
daca and dreamers in the news and the
headlines very often we got this suite
from Raymond he says the legislative
uncertainty has been incredibly
traumatic one day there's a glimmer of
hope and the next day the hope is once
again shattered can you relate to that
at all Mariana this idea that you never
really feel settled completely that's
kind of my life people always ask me
that and they kind of laugh at I guess
how nonchalant I am about it now because
after a certain point like pulling your
hair out and crying and stressing out
and but it's not healthy you know you
have to do your best contribute the best
you can go to the rallies talk to your
Senators but beyond that there's not
much you can do so you can't just have
that negative output on it I mean
outlook on it you have to I guess come
to terms with it because that's not
you're just gonna drive yourself mad yo
let me share this with you I'm sure
you've seen us from President Donald
Trump he share this on January the 14th
daca is probably dead because the
Democrats don't really want it they just
want to talk and take desperately needed
money away from our military now is this
policy is does this worry you as an
immigration lawyer absolutely I mean
just to piggyback on this
Maryana was just speaking to as a
practitioner wanting to give sound legal
counsel to your clients there's a black
hole because it's that it's that tenuous
right now and as we speak we really
don't know what's around the corner so
because you don't know what's around the
corner that probably makes the answer to
this a little bit harder but I wanted to
bring this up from Rodrigo he says
unfortunately there is a lot of
uncertainty surrounding daca except for
the following he lists along the thread
of things on Twitter and you can check
it out there under hashtag eater stream
but this first one he says the
injunction that allows dreamers to renew
will be appealed daca is dead this will
likely be a very limited window of
opportunity he tweeted that January 14th
7:34 p.m. local time what then would you
advise or what should dr. recipients be
in talks about with their immigration
lawyers so right now there is a window
for people that were not eligible to
renew back in the fall to take advantage
of that gap and the way that dock is
working so far for individuals that were
able to renew it timely is that they are
at the very least protected from removal
up until 2019 so this new wave of people
if they take advantage of this little
window may have at least some sort of
Solace or reprieve for that window
period of time what happens after that
what if daca is dead that's the answer
that we don't know
Mariana tell us the reality of you
planning your next six months how do you
do that carefully yeah because I am
going back to school for the spring
semester but after that semester
hopefully by then we'll know roughly
what Trump is planning if that Coach
really is dead if you have till 2019 to
I guess six whatever we're gonna do and
pack up and go or if I have to drop out
of school and go back to work if I can
continue studying how is that I don't
even know how exactly we would be you
know like take it out of the country
would we you know be packed up
what a cop come to our house and arrest
us would we be serving time are we do we
get like a notification or a few months
to prepare it's just it's a little
nerve-racking not gonna lie Mariano I
want you to stay with us we're gonna
hear a lot more from you later on in our
show and we want to now go to a story
that's pitched by Louisa d'hubert she's
another member of our online community
about the temporary protective status
program or TPS it's similar to the
benefits provided to undocumented youth
TPS allows people fleeing from conflict
or catastrophes to find safe haven in
the US but for thousands of Salvadoran
TPS holders the government's recent
decision to terminate their legal status
now puts them at risk of deportation
how does here a senior cause one at rob
Reynolds reports in Washington
demonstrators gathered in front of the
White House Monday protesting a decision
by the Trump administration to take away
temporary protected status or TPS from
more than 200,000 Salvadorans they had
been permitted to live in the u.s.
following disastrous earthquakes that
struck their homeland in 2001 the Trump
administration says TPS was never meant
to be permanent and that social
disruptions caused by the earthquakes no
longer exist El Salvador is one of the
world's most dangerous places it had the
highest murder rate of any country in
powerful gangs operate with near
impunity and poverty and unemployment
are dire activists say political
pressure is needed to reverse the
decision and that many children of
Salvadoran parents were born in the US
and thus are American citizens after two
decades living in the u.s. how are some
of these Salvadorans responding to the
decision and the possibility that they
may have to leave joining us now is
Milagro de Ribas she is a TPS holder
living in the US state of Texas
welcome to the show Milagro I wanted to
start with these tweets we got from
someone named Ozzie through Joe on
Twitter
he says I've grown up as an American
embracing the values I once thought
Universal in the United States the
decision to end TPS is devastating to
the Salvadoran community the American
economy and the American community at
large and he gives a specific reason in
this next tweet he says this decision
will not only separate Salvadoran
American children from their TPS holding
parents but it will detract from an
already struggling skilled labor sector
which depends heavily on Salvadoran TPS
beneficiaries Milagro that point about
separating american-born children from
their TPS holding parents can you relate
to that is that something that you're
having to think about right now yes cuz
like widows or TPS like that would like
we will be like in the limbo again where
we cannot go back to our country or
country right now it's very dangerous as
I heard is one of the most dangerous
countries in the world right now if we
go over there that would be like a
baited gang members it's a high punish
on people like that we have been doing
everything right block I tell us the
story about how you got to the US I came
through a tourist visa when I was 20 so
I've been here for 20 years and I
incorporated a society I feel part of
this country I have been done everything
right and now or permease was like I
understand that it was temporary at the
beginning but you know after like 16
years it's not anymore temporarily we've
been here like for almost two decade
so it's a very long time it's really
hard for us you know to to go back I
haven't been in my country since I got
here my kids they don't know other
country other than this one Laurie this
idea about temporary how problematic is
this in terms of the legal rights of
people who have TPS what rights do they
actually have well when you are given
TPS you are allowed to work and in very
narrow circumstances you can ask for
permission to leave the country
typically those circumstances are if
there is a medical emergency and or
school related or business related and
that's it it's a protection against
deportation but it's not a path to legal
status so a lot of times you'll hear
folks say hey why don't you get a green
card you've been
here so long they have to yes because
they don't have any other way to get
that status so there are few people that
me talking about the temporary aspect of
this that you just mentioned to Loida
and on one hand you have people who are
understanding of it and the other hand
you have people who are critical so
Esther on Twitter says existing in a
long-term cycle of temporary status for
the past 17 years placed GPS recipients
from El Salvador in a legally precarious
situation making them unsure of their
futures in the US so she can understand
what that must feel like here's a
question though from Sam and he says if
the status was made for a disaster or
war catastrophic incident that forced
people to find refuge in the US and that
condition is over then yes I agree they
should go back Milagro what would you
say to people who say this was temporary
and it's not necessarily the Trump
administration's fault that it wasn't
taken away so many years ago let me tell
you something when I left my country was
better than the way how it is right now
I think right now we need those
protection more than ever right now my
country is very dangerous country to
live very very dangerous if we go there
we just gonna go to the certain there
let me just show you some pictures from
your family so I can show our audience
it's not just about one people
individual people it's it's about
connecting with families as well this
one I think this is about as American as
apple pie Disney Hollywood studios
we've got your mum here Milagro and you
and your hubby edwin and these two
little munchkins who are they mm-hmm
yeah they are my kids they're my two
little ones okay another picture here
with you again how it's interesting to
see how American do you feel right now
do you feel like you're from El Salvador
you feel like you're from the US well I
am from my elder brother of course I
love my country but I feel that I'm
belong to this when I have been here for
so many years I love this country I love
the people and the people they made me
feel like I am part of them
I never feel any discrimination or
anything from anyone so this is kind of
sad is frustrated it's kind of mixed
feeling I don't know how can i express
the above
I feel to even think about it we cannot
go back whole country that I don't even
remember how we look like so the way
that we got this comment from someone
watching live on YouTube Hubert says if
the US does indeed expel people in the
tens of thousands these victims of
forced migration be eligible for asylum
in other developed countries is that
something that you're even recommending
for people to find other countries that
may take them well that's a personal
choice for a lot of people that's just
not an option especially if you've been
living here for decades to be sure if
TPS or when it's terminated whether it's
TPS or daca the question of what happens
will ice show up at my door will I be
carted away in a bus or in a caravan to
the border traditionally in the past
that has not happened people have just
swallowed up into the fabric of the of
the under-the-table world and so very
well likely that will happen again and
that's what people will do especially if
you've got mixed status families where
half of them are here legally they're
not going to just pack up and seek
refuge in another country because this
is home and so that that person who
commented earlier about the precarious
situation that they're in that's a
reality and I don't know that the answer
is deportation grow stick around a bit
more for our roundtable at the end of
the show we now move on to the fight to
keep immigrant families together
President Trump has frequently voiced
his opposition to family based migration
that's an intensive and sometimes costly
process that allows US citizens and
green card holders to sponsor relatives
for permanent residents while critics of
the current system say petitions should
be limited to parents and their children
Trump's administration has also endorsed
legislation promoting a point based
system Pro immigration groups though say
such reforms are less about the economy
or national security and more about the
government picking and choosing what
sort of immigrants can come to the u.s.
so what is the future of immigration
look like for people hoping to build new
lives and communities in the u.s. so
here with us to help answer that
question Richard Davis he's a community
activist in New York originally from
Guyana
Richard in the last couple of saying
that in the last year in the community
around you the Guyanese community around
you what is change in the way they think
about their immigration status if their
documented or undocumented what's like
being in America right now we my family
actually came here on family preference
visas the reality is this particular
topic hasn't really gotten a lot of
attention and conversation in the
community because of comments that the
president makes that kind of manipulate
monopolize rather the narrative and
bigger topics like daca topics about you
know do ice raids and communities but
this specific topic which is one that
the Guyanese community uses primarily to
come to New York but families across the
world used to come to the United States
is one that's under threat and really
hasn't gotten a lot of attention or
discussion even in the community and ice
Whaley's and immigration Customs
Enforcement
raid Loida this this graphic comes from
numbers USA which is a group in the
United States who want to control
immigration and they say from one person
one family member
look at all the number of people who
potentially could end up coming to the
United States now that is quite a lot of
people from one family member over the
top it's over the top when you look at
it from a practical perspective there's
a wait time when you when a family based
petition is filed and that wait time is
further expanded when you're sitting and
waiting for a visa so for instance if
you were file if you're a legal resident
filing for your adult child the wait
time for that adult child is roughly
nine years if you're a US citizen filing
for a sibling the wait time is roughly
thirteen years for them to get a visa
and that time is even longer if you're
from China India or the Philippines and
so in and Mexico excuse me and that's
because those countries are
disproportionately over-represented in
the immigrant pool and for some of them
that wait time pushes at twenty years
so it's almost laughable when folks talk
about this chain migration idea where
it's a domino effect where you come in
and then within years your whole family
is here it just simply doesn't happen
that way there's a very narrow group of
folks that can apply for a visa and have
it immediately available to them
everyone else has to wait in line you
mentioned the wait times he took the
words right off of this tweet from EJ
thinking the same thing he said there
are lots of misconceptions about
so-called chain migration one is after
Mexico the next for countries with the
longest visa waitlist due to family
based immigration are the Philippines
India Vietnam and China so in large part
he says attacks against family based
immigration are attacks against Asian
American family so one misconception in
his view Richard what is something else
do you think people don't realize about
this so-called chain migration you know
I think when I think about it when the
president was running he talked about
make America great again everyone I
think began to see what he really meant
was to make America white again there is
no surest there's no surer path to
making America white again or whiter
than limiting family preference visas
this isn't a avalanche of people you
know coming over the border there are
long wait times there are different wait
times depending on the relationship
their wait times depending on the age of
the person if they're minors or if
they're adults there are also different
wait times depending on the assets that
this person has in that foreign country
or how skilled they are the reality is
though for example my my grandmother is
here now and she had to go through a
liver not a liver transplant but a
transfusion and this procedure is not
available in Guyana and this is the only
country that she was able to do it she's
here with us now because of this visa
and these are the kinds of things that
not only separate families but
permanently you know affects the
livelihoods of people all around the
world Richard I want to bring back
Mariana and Milagro back into the
conversation so we can see all of you
here all various different sorts of
immigration state
but do you see a connection between your
experience that you're having right now
in the United States
Mariana no I mean I definitely do
because I think we all have that common
feeling of you know we love this country
we love the people we want to be a part
of it we consider ourselves a part of it
and that at the same time being
completely rejected by the majority of
the nation well half of the nation
especially when as Richard was saying
about making America white again and
especially being minorities it's the end
Donald Trump's recent comments about
African nations and the nations he
actually does want immigrants from and
those nations being white it's just it's
a little awkward and it's very sad and
it's really troubling especially well
for me it is I wanted to share this
tweet two tweets from Esther and she
kind of wraps it up in this way she says
the fear generated by legislation among
immigrants is felt in many ways
immigrant families are separated across
borders without work permits or
employment options dwindle their access
to education is limited the fear caused
by not knowing where you might work or
live is what causes that distress
Milagro can you relate to this feeling
at all and and what does that look like
in your own life that distress well how
are you coping with it yeah this is
really sad you know a situation though
we hope you know we have to turn all
this negative into positive we need to
try to go and talk to our lawmakers to
make a solution we know their thing we
cannot change some people thinking but
we know there is a good great people
here in United States and I'm sure they
think in different so we need to work
with them with those people they think
in different is there a difference than
Lloyd do you feel between the way that
the administration is framing
immigration and how the American people
think about in our immigration I think
it depends on where you live the
demographics of whatever region you
reside in we happen to live in a very
diverse
in the DMV that DC Maryland Virginia
area and here I think overall the
perception and the appreciation of
immigrants in the in the general fabric
of the community is very much
appreciated but if you listen to the
rhetoric on the news you'll get
completely different perspectives based
on either what people are exposed to or
what they choose to listen to through
the news and oftentimes realities are
not in sync with perception here is what
one person online is doing about that
this is CN Mariah on Twitter who says as
a family we're looking at lawyers and
self educating ourselves on how they can
change their status this is specifically
about TPS to some other form of
residency though of course it might
apply to others as well she says
personally I'm responding by getting
involved in the movement we need to make
noise
Richard Mariana is that something that
you agree with we need to make noise we
need to be all together we need all to
be joined this campaign we need to
spread the word and we need to call to
the lawmakers to help you know tour
families know more families in these
countries yes I think we also have to
build alliances you know the black
community is a target for this
administration the Muslim community is a
target for this administration we have
powerful centers of influence as
political influence across this country
and communities of color really have to
band together and this is a moment under
this president for minority communities
to really work together because this
isn't just immigration this isn't just a
black issue this isn't just a Muslim
issue this is something that really goes
to the fabric of what we believe America
is Mariana
melago turning more into human rights is
shooting this is going way beyond race
like we really need to get together and
if we really want to make something work
it can't just be darker people talking
about that guy we have friends I mean I
know I know friends and other people
have friends that know about our
situations like though they also need to
get involved
you know the communities again involved
ok Mariana Milagro Richard and loiter
thank you so much for being part of this
conversation of course it will continue
online using the hashtag a day stream
thanks for watching everybody
you
