a simple procedure to guard against a
killer disease Lilian Ferdie is one of
the million Zambians being vaccinated in
an intensive campaign to contain a
cholera outbreak she's from a Township
on the outskirts of the capital Lusaka
where the outbreak began in late
September she says she didn't hesitate
to join the queue when we heard that
those Quaglia outbreak in Osaka we felt
so bad so now I'm happy that this the
vaccine for caldera my family 20
yesterday me I went to Dell we did the
vaccinations most of those lining up
here live in or around you soccer where
nearly all of the cholera deaths have
been concentrated in about three and a
half months almost 3,000 people have
been infected cholera is a bacterial
disease usually spread through
contaminated food and water it thrives
in unhygenic conditions the government
brought in tough emergency measures
earlier this month to try to bring the
outbreak under control and it deployed
the army to lead the cleanup of public
spaces like this marketplace in Lusaka
local people joined in and in some cases
even helped close down some marketplaces
completely to stop food and drink being
sold in unsanitary conditions but within
days some were defying a curfew
and on Friday they was writing in
Kanyama
but street vendors saying the measures
were hurting their only source of income
Chango chongo runs an electronics store
in one Lusaka market he says his
business has been affected but he has
little time for those resisting the
government's efforts like what happened
in our neighborhood just across the town
in Kalama it was really shocking to find
that the Armed Forces they are here to
help us make sure that our environments
are clean and then some people come and
such rioting burning trucks which is
really very bad because instead of make
sure that that place is clean they wind
up picking copses call aloud to break
it's a deadly disease
the government says sufficient progress
has been made so far for it to reopen a
school and shops that have passed
sanitation checks and it's planned a
second round of immunization but that
alone won't likely be enough the
long-term task of educating Zambians on
proper sanitation and hygiene will be
critical to eradicating cholera mariano
hond
al-jazeera
