this was the Tunisian capital seven
years ago when protesters made history
with simple demands and joblessness and
improved prospects for young people
the Sparta Regional Arab Spring uprising
their perseverance ended the rule of
President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali who
had been accused of corruption and
rights abuse but also began an era of
political uncertainty lest must I then I
am not prepared to be the person who
takes decisions which result in the loss
of life and the conservative Islamic
party banned by Ben Ali was on its way
to win elections we have seen the
popularity that enade' has around the
country and after a turbulent nine
months they ushered in a democratically
elected government in October 2011 there
were more demonstrations a year later
despite a ban on protests and at the
challenge for Tunisia is security in law
and order especially on its borders with
Algeria and Libya three years after the
Revolution demonstrators took to the
streets against economic hardship a new
technocratic government was still
failing to improve living conditions in
but Tunisians did get a new constitution
hailed as an important step towards full
democracy the 2014 elections brought
power to the second learn in their Tunis
party which later formed the coalition
government with the conservative
inactive party but the security
situation failed to improve 22 people
including 21 foreign tourists were
killed when gunmen opened fire at a
museum in the capital Tunis in June 39
people nearly all of them foreign
tourists were killed in a gun attack on
a five-star hotel in seuss Tunisia s
tourism industry has struggled to
recover since then people were out on
the streets once again now they didn't
feel safe and also had no jobs in 2016
Tunisia built a 200 kilometer barrier
along its border with Libya to try and
keep out fighters and refugees but in
March 55 people were killed when dozens
of fighters stormed through the town of
Ben garden near the Libyan border
attacking Army in police posts last May
president Beji say the Sipsey ordered
the army to protect oil facilities in
the south after protests planned to
disrupt production Tunisia has made
major advancements in achieving
democracy and improving its institutions
