weaving sheep's wool into traditional
carpets is one of Palestines oldest
professions it takes skill patience and
a steady hand
Mahmood Elsa what's been doing it since
he was 10 now he says he's too old so
he's trained relatives to work on his
looms here in Gaza he's been a family
business for longer than he knows even
his family name so f means wool
my mother Menominee Sabine Arman I am 72
years old and I've done this work my
whole life before me my father before
him my grandfather it's been in our
family for 400 years or more maybe ever
since the Prophet Mohammed we've done
the same work it's possible
archaeologists have found the remains of
wooden looms in this region that a
thousands of years old the techniques
have passed verbally down the
generations like these not recording the
order of colored stripes in a design
but my mood says things are not how they
used to be mainly because of Israel and
Egypt blockade of Gaza electricity used
to prepare the wool is off most of the
time importing wool and exporting
carpets have become difficult and
expensive Mahmood's looms at just next
door to his shop it's quiet
no customers and he says it's like this
most of the time these days carpet like
this one takes nearly a week to make and
sells for just over a hundred dollars
the economy's down in Gaza because of
the blockade and so not many people can
afford that these are cheaper factory
main carpets mostly from Turkey have
become common Mahmud says that's also
hurt his business he showed us a carpet
he made that was among many ordered by
an Israeli designer then handmade here
in Gaza he says that kind of trade and
cooperation is impossible anymore we had
to wait days for a customer to come to
his shop for us to speak to we asked her
why pay more for a traditional handmade
carpet
oedema heritage is very important for us
and for the new generation if they can't
see our heritage it'd be a big problem
you should protect it sales may be slow
but Mahmud says the quality of the work
continues to improve and he'll keep
struggling to preserve this traditional
craft Malcolm Webb al-jazeera
in Gaza
