the beginning of an offensive by
Congolese troops on rebels hiding on
their border the Ugandan group known as
the ADF killed 15 peacekeepers in an
ambush on a UN base in North Kivu
province in December it was the biggest
single loss of peacekeepers and nearly a
quarter of a century those killings
triggered this response army vehicles
transported 300 troops to the area with
tanks and armored vehicles deployed we
decided to launch an operation against
the ADF and all other armed groups in
the area this is the last operation and
we are prepared to fight to the end so
we can restore security and peace in the
region
the Congolese hope it's the last but it
certainly isn't the first here is a
joint UN and Congolese Task Force
starting an offensive against ADF
fighters back in 2015
originally a Ugandan rebel group have
been rooted in the DRC's hwarang the
national park for 20 years they
retreated here after a failed bid to
turn Uganda into an Islamic state they
also oppose the Ugandan President you're
weary mr. Feeny who's been in power 31
years the ADF has a brutal reputation
it's blamed for 700 civilian deaths and
Beni over the past three years as well
as mass rape and recruiting child
soldiers
the December ambush that killed 15
peacekeepers and injured more than 50
came just two months after the ATF
killed two other peacekeepers the DRC is
the UN's largest mission and now one of
its most dangerous it says it is
planning to back Congolese forces
against the rebels but is yet to engage
Charlotte Bellis al Jazeera
