hi I'm Malika Bilal and you're in the
stream today a un-backed anti-corruption
body in Guatemala is battling for its
survival as the country's president
ignores court orders we'll look at what
lies in store as protests mount send
your comments via Twitter or our YouTube
live tab thousands of people across wat
Amala are urging President Jimmy Morales
to step down following government
efforts to shut down the International
Commission Against impunity in Guatemala
known as sisig the body has worked with
Guatemalan law agencies helping
prosecute hundreds of individuals
including former president Otto Perez
Molina this was the scene in Guatemala
City last Thursday after the Morales
government said it would stop see six
head eben Velasquez from coming back
into Guatemala in defiance of a ruling
by the Constitutional Court Morales had
pledged new era of political
accountability when running for the
presidency in 2015 but that was before
sisig turned its eye on Morales and his
family amid allegations of illegal
campaign financing hearsay about its
work of 16 criminal structures
identified more than one dozen cases the
move to block the head of C sake from
entering the country came just two weeks
after the Guatemalan government said it
would in c-6 mandate when it expires in
September 2019 so what help is there of
safeguarding
parent and democratic governance in
Guatemala joining us from antigua
guatemala to discuss this is Al Jazeera
reporter David Mercer in quetzaltenango
we have Ramon cadena he has a human
rights lawyer and director of the
International Commission of Jurists
office for Central America and in
Guatemala City we have Luis barato
he is a journalist and political analyst
who works with the civil society group
justicia ja welcome to the stream
gentlemen so good to have you here I
want to start on my laptop with just one
of the thousands of protesters who have
been out on the streets in Guatemala
this is Brenda
she writes I will continue protesting in
the streets against the actions of this
government to expel sisig because this
corrupt system has even stolen our fear
but not our faith in a possible future
with justice now Louise it is not every
day that you see thousands of people
take to the streets in support of a
un-backed agency but I want to give our
audience a little taste in to why that
might be and take a look at this from on
my laptop here this is public support
for institutions in Guatemala this is a
study that was released earlier this
year conducted in 2017 and it shows
support for sisig as higher than support
for the media public ministry the
government Congress and political
parties always help us understand give
us some context here for why Susak is so
important to people
well thanks Monica one of the reasons
why there is a widespread support for
the work of CC is because it's been one
of the most effective tools in
prosecuting criminal networks and
allowing for a hope of justice as Brenda
said as in her
eliminate only because your connection
is breaking up a little bit so we're
gonna come back to you because I like
what you were saying where you were
taking us
but David you've been out there with the
protesters on the streets you've talked
to them what have they been telling you
well that's right
survey says it all right there I think
public confidence in any kind of
government institution is incredibly low
in the country and people see that
really as Lewis was saying that the only
effective organ that's been able to
prosecute to investigate and prosecute
some of these alleged crimes or crimes
successfully has been this outside group
and and it's proven there are a couple
of cases I believe that they're supposed
to be sentences that are going to be
handed down over the next couple of days
a couple of big cases involving public
social security health systems as well
as a magic elixir that was developed in
order to clean one of the big lakes here
in Guatemala and those are both being
taken under by c-stick so this is an
organization that's been working for the
past twelve twelve years approximately
here in Guatemala and they have won the
confidence of a lot of people and a lot
of it just comes back to what happened
back in 2015 with taking down or helping
to take down a former president and vice
president and it's something that just
hasn't been seen in Guatemala before and
that's certainly one sisig a lot of
public accolades and one of a lot of
support from the public I want to share
some of that support via protesters who
gathered in the streets here's a
comments of what they said of why they
were out there have a listen we are
demanding the resignation of the
president because he does not know how
to govern the only thing that he is
doing is being manipulated by the
corrupt we are tired we are poor in
Guatemala we have high levels of
malnutrition education is going down
Guatemala has a lot of good things to
give but Morales is denying us that
right if he was a good politician he
would support the fight against
corruption and remove those who are
corrupt from the government but he's
done the opposite
after talking about a fight against
corruption saying that he was not a
thief or corrupt he did the exact
opposite he hooked up with the corrupt
to form his government Ramon you heard
what he was saying there you hear that
support there but I want to share this
tweet from Betty on Twitter she says
seasick is the cancer of our country
where a sovereign state and should be
treated as such
you can't fight corruption with
corruption and I mean anything the UN
touches ends up corrupt especially when
absolute powers given to an entity
without oversight and accountability so
help explain this clearly there are two
sides to this where do you fall thank
you first of all I think that the
interviews that you showed from
demonstrate at the at the conflict that
we are suffering is see seek is only a
piece of all the puzzle but the real
problem is a fight against corruption
and it a fight in paper fighting of
resolving the impunity so on one side
people are in favor of fighting
corruption and is being corruption cases
of course on the other side the
government has issued a lot of campaigns
and three for me three points are the
main constructor campaigns first of all
the sovereignity
it should be absolute they want to bring
God back to the 19th cent
sovereignity is nowadays is not a
hundred percent if we have to live
within things
secondly we are doing quick compete
against Georgia this is a point that the
hormone and the critic is
we so they are talking about this
judicial terrorism and finally they are
trying to bring us back into the fight
of communism against anti-communist II
so they are saying that those who back
see see all of us which is the 50 more
than the 50 percent of the population
all of us are communists that is what
they are trying to say
and that is a lesson why they make an
influence on the public mm-hmm I hear
what you're saying David go ahead I was
gonna say and I think this is what some
of the the root of the problem here is
in my perspective is that you've got in
some ways you've got actors from the
extreme rights who were playing off the
gates well I shouldn't say actors games
to the extreme left but it's almost it's
it's being it's been something that I've
noticed in Guatemala that it seems in
some ways like the country is trapped in
the times of the Cold War still and it's
crime it's the communists who were
against the military and and you know
democracy came to Guatemala quite a long
time ago the Peace Accords were signed
back in 1996 and in some ways the good
ia's you know the left-wing they sort of
morphed into a lot of the NGOs and some
of the public ministries and being and
the ending and the army morphed into the
government and these two sides of being
sort of battling it out for years and
years and years since then and and I
think that there is this use of the term
sovereignty which is used to you know
paint seasick with this with this brush
saying that these are foreigners these
are foreigners were interfering with our
country and at the same time so many
Guatemalans who I've spoken to say week
what among us have shown that we're
incapable of eliminating corruption from
the very core of our country and and
we're not able to run our country in a
way where it doesn't hemorrhage migrants
you know whether these huge flows of
migrants who are heading to the United
States I mean part of this is do a large
part of this is due to corruption and
and it's it's very rotten
the very core of what a mall and so in
in some people's perspectives the only
way of clearing this is with a foreign
entity that doesn't have any connections
to the country but of course some people
from the extreme right they play this
off as being a sovereign card is that
nobody should be telling what a mall is
what they should and what they shouldn't
do and I think that the majority of the
populace the population is sort of
trapped in the middle of these these
sort of two actors right so keeping that
in mind those two sides that you laid
out for us I want to share this context
via Jose Zamora he says campaigns
against seasick falsely state that
seasick is foreign intervention and an
attack on sovereignty the truth is that
teasing was a Guatemalan idea for which
the UN support was then requested it was
then approved by Guatemala's Congress
and became Guatemalan law so with that
said even still president Morales and
his government have defended the
decision to not renew C cigs mandate
when it comes time and to block the head
of seizing even Velasquez from coming
into the country have a listen to the
president and a member of government on
why a provecho para llamar killin or
renovation I reaffirm that the decisions
are not renew C 6 mandates all that of a
new Commission will not affect nor put
at risk corruption cases in Guatemala
this statement is in response to
speculation from national and
international actors who have claimed
that there is an alleged obstruction of
justice this has been completely
rejected even bill askest mister Eva and
Velasquez has put pressure on Congress
for reforms to the Constitution of the
Republic and to change laws in the
country sisig has sought to change laws
and called on heads and Congress to
influence decisions and state bodies so
Louis you heard what they both had to
say there the president being one of
them is this an instance of Guatemala
relinquishing its sovereignty
our apologies for the connection there
you is coming to us from Guatemala City
and the connections a little bit choppy
there but we could make out what you
were saying you said that you believe
that this has been overstated this idea
of sovereignty being relinquished I want
to share a comment though from an author
of a piece who talks about this this is
the headline out some set up for us she
says five ways the Guatemalan government
is trying to dismantle sisig and in it
she says one of those ways is by
dismantling the police force we're
surprising ways that you may not know
about here is what Humana and the dicas
had to say the Belize Department plays a
crucial role in the fight against
corruption they execute arrests help
with the investigations and protect
prosecutors earlier this year the
government fired the police chief and
many of the high-ranking officers in the
appointment they also shuffled around
investigators to different areas and
even relocated 40 of the police officers
that had been assigned directly to CC
without the police department and with
all these changes in the leadership
there is a direct impact in the fight
against corruption because it
handicapped
the manpower to carry it out so she
seems to give us just one way that
corruption and and a government that is
accused of dealing in per up ssin
affects people in their everyday lives
here's another this is one on Twitter
who says corruption affects the daily
lives of Guatemalans in an unexpected
way it's in this unjust and unequal
country non-existent or deficient public
services like education health
transportation and roads middle class
citizens must spend money in order to
substitute them with private services
and that's just a small list there David
how is this affecting people that you
talk to in their everyday lives yeah I
mean it's it's corruption is a massive
problem here and just before I get onto
that I just wanted to mention one thing
there had been an interview that had
been done with the head of the it's the
special prosecutor's office against
impunity in Guatemala called the FEC I
and they're the ones who work hand in
hand with the sisig but they're on
they're on the government side they're
government entity and the head of that
office juan francisco sandoval he said
recently that he he was afraid that if
sisig left that that what amal would go
back what Amala would regress to where
they were before see six arrival which
means higher rates of crime which means
more inequality which means more poverty
which means more impunity an arrest rate
of something like zero percent on
violent crimes and so the very man who's
in charge of prosecuting corruption
cases for the Guatemalan government is
saying seasick please don't go so I
thought that was something that was
important to point out there and yet
from from the reporting that I do across
the country there is it's very
interesting actually a you know what
Amato is a very polarized country and
perhaps it finds itself more polarized
today than it has for many years and I
tend to find that it's tends to be the
people who are poor the people who would
like to have some of those government
services that were mentioned in that
tweet the people who are lacking in you
know public education the people who
don't have access to health care
and the people who are really struggling
these are the same people who were
thinking about making that expensive
trip expensive a dangerous trip to the
United States illegally these are the
people who really are in support of the
work that sisig is doing they're hoping
that the guatemalan the guatemala has a
possibility to change and be a more
inclusive society and represent their
interests oh really and then and then I
think when you get around people maybe
who have a little bit more more money
and they're you know they already pay
for all these private services then
they're not as potentially some of these
people aren't as concerned with the work
that sisig is doing and that's where you
get a little bit of the the bite back
shall we say but certainly traveling
around the country and seeing the myriad
of problems that want them all has from
child malnutrition which is a story that
I did what you were just seeing there -
you know high rates of violence violence
against women violence against children
poverty inequality food security the
list goes on and on and on and on and at
the root of it all is corruption so
there's certainly a lot of people who
want to get at that issue the question
is how do you do it and and that's what
we're debating right here right now and
clearly so many of our commenters on
Twitter say how you do it is by allowing
sisig to stay and to stay even past
their mandate this is a Sierra on
Twitter who says sisig will work
normally until September 2019 with eben
Velasquez outside from Guatemala I think
he won't return to Guatemala remember he
is being blocked from returning but he
will designate another person to lead
sisig in Guatemala although he will go
on being the leader from Washington so
this is one idea of what may happen
Ramon how do you see this playing out
who will back down first the government
or sisig well I think it also depends on
the demonstrations from the Ottoman
people because as we saw last week the
demonstrations were peak and morale is
against the government we a lot of
people don't feel that we are represent
this president and because he is
fighting for his personal interests so I
guess that today
has to continue demonstrating in order
to be able to move the government is
that the nationalism you also comply
with the mandate because we see that the
Attorney General is not reacting and she
should have already started an
investigation against the president and
the president should be in jail right
now so it depends on what the
institutions do and this also
demonstrates that the national
institutions will not do anything in in
in order to fight corruption if CC is
not in the country IIIi think I just
like to say that you know back in 2015
during the the massive protests the
street demonstrations that there were
which eventually led to the downfall the
street demonstrators were sort of
working together which was TCI yeah from
Louise as well you know I know that they
were really instrumental in bringing
those street demonstrations together and
and there was fifty sixty thousand
people down at the the plaza the central
plaza Guatemala City every second
weekend there was a huge number of
people from what I've seen over the past
couple of weeks although there this is a
very critical moment and Guatemala's
history I didn't see the same number of
people coming out onto the street now I
don't know if if corruption has well
I'll tell you actually a few people who
I've spoken to people who I would have
expected to have been Pro sisig they
told me that they weren't they told me
that illegal campaign financing whether
Jimmy Morales is guilty of that or not I
don't know but they said this is
something that's always been done in
Guatemala you know it's a small amount
of money it's not something that affects
their pocketbooks particularly and so
they don't have a particular fight with
that back in the time of Otto Perez
Molina the former president who was
removed from power now he had stolen you
know
allegedly stolen millions of dollars
right out of the customs houses this
affected people's pocketbooks directly
and I think that's where you got a lot
more people out I don't see that popular
support for seasick right now I just
don't see it coming out on to the people
coming down to the streets right now and
I think the institutions are gonna be
hard-pressed to try to fight against
some of the moves that Jim is making
without having that public support
speaking speaking of Jimmy Morales I
just wanted to share with our audience
because this is breaking right now of
course the UN General Assembly is going
on if you take a look at my screen here
President Jimmy Morales is speaking at
you and GA right now as we speak
here's one tweet about what he is saying
and scheduled to say Morales is
indicating that it would be very timely
for the Secretary General of the UN to
account for the funding that is used by
c6o he is there speaking about his
distaste for this body Louise I know you
wanted to get in there we only have
about a minute left but how do you see
this going forward keeping in mind that
this is what your president is
advocating for on the UN floor now
regarding the the massive protests on
the last comment by David I think the
crucial part of this has been that
protests have been smaller but they have
been widespread throughout the territory
of the country not just focused in the
main plaza in the capital city and that
I see as a positive development and it's
also maintained throughout the different
weeks that this crisis has taken place I
think most of the attention of observers
should focus now on the role of the
Constitutional Court because the
Constitutional Court has already ordered
that the president to backtrack and
allow Yvonne Velasquez into the country
and they have constantly announced that
they will not abide you they just gained
time early this early this day
introducing several resources to delay
the courts action on the topic but I
think they the magistrate should be
aware that they're playing a game of
constitutional hardball and that they're
there their mandate is very much under
questioned by the president and they are
charged with defending the
constitutional order and the future of
democracy in this country not just CC
it's it's a broader issue here right I
hear what you're saying there
and under question indeed I will end
with this sweet here this is tweeted out
by the American Society
Guatemala's Jimmy Morales is now
discussing the sea snake during his UN
General Assembly address quote we
believe that a decade was enough time
for it to complete its mandate so those
are the words of the president we will
continue to keep an eye on this story
unfortunately that's all the time we
have for today we want you to keep your
comments coming via Twitter Facebook and
aljazeera.com forward slash the stream
I'll see you online
