US President Donald Trump in North
Korea's leader Kim jong-un have been
trading claims about who has the bigger
nuclear button so you might expect the
US state of Hawaii in the middle of the
Pacific would be on edge always the
first place they're gonna drop out mom
it's crazy you know living here it's
awesome but the same time you're not
feeling you know like secure all the
time that might explain why when this
alert was sent out to every cell phone
on the island people panicked the
warning a ballistic missile was coming
seek shelter this is not a drill so
people just starts scurrying around
trying to get into bathrooms now is with
my two little girls who are 8 and 10 so
kids are crying and nobody really knew
what to do
people on Twitter found out about 10
minutes later from emergency officials
and politicians it was a false alarm
those not on Twitter had to wait much
longer before a correction was sent out
38 terrifying minutes how could this
happen in the first place the
explanation itself is baffling it was a
procedure that occurs at the change of
shift when they go through to make sure
that the system is working and
an employee pushed the wrong button
that's right officials say one person
pushed one wrong button the government
says it will investigate but for the
people who live through this panic
that's a little comfort I just I Ronnie
we went to this other places are
contributing that was he people were
just running on this tree they were all
desperate yeah there was not funny at
all the guy had one job riding he messed
up so that's crazy a false alarm in the
face of an actual threat making the
people of Hawaii realize they might not
be ready for the real thing
pati call Haines al-jazeera Washington
