this is the world's epicenter of
geoglyphs animal or geometrical sand and
stone figures enigmatic drawings on the
desert floor in southern Peru experts
say they're solar and lunar calendars
ancient Peruvians used for agriculture
they are spread over more than 450
square kilometers north of the Nazca
lines a world heritage site and on this
territory the tracks the dakar rally
left behind
critics like engineer Alexander who's
been studying the origin of geoglyphs
for years here say they're horrified
boarding-school may stay places like
this one with archaeological remains
dispersed around everywhere need more
care so it's incredible that this desert
is being used for such a competition
it's unheard of Census Bureau's desert
is packed with geoglyphs archaeological
remains and whale shark and other
prehistoric fossils millions of years
old experts say in previous years that
the car vehicles destroyed parts of
Peru's heritage government officials say
this time many areas were made
off-limits I mean basically the most
elusive animal products in the area
where we've had the Paracas National
Reserve we can say we've had zero
percent impact there everyone strictly
followed the protocols and we've been
strictly monitoring the area
Madhu's government paid six million
dollars to hold that a car racing Peru
officials say they coordinated with race
organizers to keep the vehicles outside
protected areas archeologists say it's
not only the pilot and their vehicles
but the people who come and watch the
competition who leave the terrain
damaged thousands of people hiked the
rough tracks to watch the rally go by
dozens of park rangers were deployed to
keep people out of restricted areas but
the territory is immense
reading onions and they do this in the
past we've seen cars going over the Geo
Clips and probably that's happened again
it's too many vehicles that endanger the
archaeological area and archeologists
say much of Peru's archaeological
treasures are under the sand much still
to be discovered
Mariana Sanchez al-jazeera Paracas Peru
