street vendors had arrived early only to
find their illegal market stalls shut
down they quickly turned their anger on
the security forces brought in to send
them home that set up shop in defiance
of emergency measures that banned public
gatherings and imposed a curfew
the government says market places like
these are breeding grounds for cholera
and while it accepts the new rules are
tough it isn't backing down we find it
extremely unacceptable that is more
clique of individuals of citizens can
decide to break the law when so many
citizens have really been cooperative
and have been helpful to the situation
we know that we are touching on people's
live roads but these matters we are
talking about matters of life and death
and every responsible government must
make sure that people's lives are
protected at all times the riot happened
in Ken Yama a low-income Township that
is home to more than 350,000 people it's
one of two townships on the outskirts of
the capital Lusaka where cholera broke
out in late September the disease
quickly spread to the city and infected
almost 3,000 people in about three and a
half months cholera is a bacterial
disease usually spread through
contaminated water left untreated it can
kill within hours last week the
government deployed the army to enforce
a raft of new measures to try to contain
the national health crisis specialist
cholera treatment centers closed off to
the healthy an intensive cholera
vaccination campaign and a ban on public
gatherings that includes funerals church
services schools and marketplaces like
this one in Lusaka just last week Street
sellers here had pitched in to help the
military close it off now they're
opposing them and as the impact on
livelihoods
grows so too will the concern at the
possibility of more civil unrest before
the cholera crisis is contained million
ohand al Jazeera
