this is where many Moroccan youngsters
learned their football the beach doubles
as an improvised training ground fans
here I have a lot to look forward to
Morocco has qualified for the World Cup
for the first time in 20 years and the
country is about to welcome many of
Africa's best players the city of
Casablanca is due to host the African
nations championship the country hasn't
hosted the senior continental
competition says the Africa Cup of
Nations in 1988 Morocco is due to stage
a 2015 Cup of Nations but pulled out due
to concerns about the spread of the
Ebola virus the African nations
championship has been around for a
decade but is still trying to establish
itself the 16 team event is solely for
players based in their domestic league
but with the decision to expand the
flagship a couple of Nations to 24 teams
and extra World Cup places awarded to
the African continent from 2026 some are
questioning its value the man in charge
of African football is this its future
is sicker mm with regards to the
position the competition takes at a
continental level it's very important
because if we look at the number of
participants in qualifying matches it
increases day by day it means that the
Federation's and the players develop a
taste for it and profit a little from
this opportunity Morocco is hoping that
by successfully staged in this
tournament they could be given another
chance to host a Cup of Nations but
there are ambitions don't stop there
with the country challenging a joint bid
from the US Canada and Mexico to host
the 2026 FIFA World Cup it will be
historical events for for us for
Moroccan football because last last year
our first team qualified for four World
Cup and we had won the Champions
champions league of Africa and we
we want inshallah to continue this is a
good moment
hamaji we've been preparing for this
competition for some time I think we
have good players that can make our
country proud
Morocco kick off this event against
Mauritania close to 45,000 spectators
will be at the renovated mohamed v
stadium home fans hoping they'll be back
at the same stadium in early february to
see their team play in the final
Sanna hamas al jazeera casablanca
morocco
