Europe's diplomats met in Brussels to
urge the u.s. to continue with the Iran
nuclear deal seeing they believed it
improved global security now Donald
Trump has agreed but says he won't do it
again in a statement issued from the
White House he called on his European
allies to negotiate a supplemental deal
in the next 120 days which would place
of fresh restrictions on Iran seeing
today I am waiving the application of
certain nuclear sanctions but only in
order to secure a European allies
agreement to fix the terrible flaws of
the Iran nuclear deal this is the last
chance in the absence of such an
agreement the United States will not
again weave sanctions in order to stay
in the Iran nuclear deal and he warned
those who for whatever reason choose not
to work with us will be siding with the
Iranian regime's nuclear ambitions and
against the people of Iran and the
peaceful nations of the world under US
law the president has to regularly
recertify the deal Donald Trump has
repeatedly called the Iran deal the
worst he's ever seen and pledged before
he became president to scrap it at the
end of last year he warned he was ready
to step away Iran is not living up to
the spirit of the deal but one of the
deals architects says the deal is
working there is no dispute that Iran is
living up to its obligations which we
negotiated with Iran and it's right that
we should live up to our obligations to
that does not mean that we shouldn't
address other aspects of Iranian
behavior which causes concern whether
it's Iran's aggressive foreign policy
its ballistic missile program its human
rights record Tom white house also
announced the new round of non-nuclear
sanctions targeting groups and
individuals it believes have committed
human rights abuses and blocked freedom
of speech in Iran it insists it has
outlined to European allies what it
wants to see happen but there's no
indication that Europeans are ready to
renegotiate a deal in the next 120 days
that took years to craft and put in
place Allen Fisher al Jazeera Washington
