angry crowds denounced the arrests of
hundreds of people
the government says those who have been
detained were involved in attacks
against police stations the protesters
on the other hand accused Tunisian
authorities of an indiscriminate
crackdown look bit emotionally off you
don't see a misleading movie the biggest
problem is with those who govern us
nothing has changed in Tunis it's the
same elite that govern us the same
tactics they clamp down on our freedoms
if you express your views on the streets
you end up in jail
the police are chasing us the police
have been given strict orders not to use
force to disperse the crowds
these are tense times in the country
protesters are venting their frustration
of the government after it introduced
austerity measures and increased taxes
officials here say the measures are
crucial to eliminate a budget deficit
and improve declining revenues from
agriculture mining and tourism Tunisia's
vital economic sectors we want the
government to scrap the tax increases
many people are suffering because of the
price prices particularly in poor rural
areas like City busied gasoline and
tallow where communities have been
grappling with discrimination for
decades the decisions made by the
government is against the will of the
people
Prime Minister Yousaf Shahid has visited
some of the areas of the protest
he's accused the Popular Front a
coalition of leftist opposition parties
of inciting unrest but the opposition
insists the rallies are legitimate
expressions of frustration over a
government they say has betrayed its own
people army units have been deployed in
many cities to protect government
buildings and prevent a descent into
chaos
this is a delicate issue for the
government if it backtracks all the tax
increases the budget deficit will
continue to strain the state's finances
but if it goes ahead with the austerity
measures public anger might lead to
further instability para ver al Jazeera
Tunis
