the breakthrough came after an
exhausting 24 hours of negotiations
between the parties concluding more than
five days of talks the political limbo
in Germany seems finally to be over the
CDU unanimously approved a paper or the
results of the exploratory talks at
which many participated and which was
based on a broad foundation and we will
recommend our party begin talks on
forming a stable government as the SPD
we have decided unanimously to give the
party leadership a mandate to negotiate
a coalition the biggest hurdle in the
talks was to reach an agreement on
refugees and migration the open door
policy championed by Angela Merkel led
to more than a million refugees being
granted asylum in Germany during the
years 2015 and 16 the political price
for that decision was the entry the
far-right alternative for Germany who
gained more than 90 seats in the
parliament the Bundestag migrant numbers
will now be capped at 220,000 per year
an agreement has been reached on even
more controversial question of how many
relatives will be allowed to be reunited
with families already in Germany 1000
cases will be considered per month with
strict conditions attached Friday's
Agreement though has one final hurdle to
pass a special conference in Bonn later
this week of the Social Democrats will
have to give their approval before the
coalition talks can formally go ahead
well the youth of the Social Democrats
is is one of the most vocal the parts of
the party calling for opposition they
believe that an SPD outside of
government would have the opportunity to
to re-energize to rethink its agenda in
a radical shift on German arms exports
the parties said they would end
immediately supplying weapons to
countries involved in the Yemen conflict
and tighten guidelines on sales the
talks also agreed common ground on
strengthening the euro zone in close
partnership with France and driving
forward with reforms in the European
Union they also promised a boost
Germany's contribution to the budget
David chater al-jazeera Berlin
