the extremely remote location of this
rainforest used to offer its protection
but recently that's changed the forests
around Palmilla are disappearing fast as
they have been right around Papua New
Guinea we have lost everything before
we've been here two years ago we would
be standing underneath a very big tree I
might be looking at the birds flying
around the trees but now look at this so
we would have been in the middle of the
forest yes we would be in the middle of
the forest yeah Papua New Guinea has
more of Asia Pacific's remaining
rainforests than any other country but
special agricultural business leases or
si BL threatened them they were supposed
to be issued to agricultural companies
to clear land they intended to farm on
but most si BLS which now cover more
than 10% of Papua New Guinea's entire
land mass were issued often corruptly
to logging companies the timber is
processed in China and sold on around
the world as kitchen flooring palm oil
plantations are eventually planted but
they're a poor substitute it's supposed
to avoid emotion and reports like this
but this scene is just profoundly
depressing when I first saw it it took
my breath away I mean just look at it
this is a landscape that's been scarred
logging companies say they brought jobs
services and roads to poor parts of
Papua New Guinea and paid landowners but
this satellite imagery with pictures
taken in 2013 and again this year shows
in just one area the extent of what's
been lost John Paul Rhea helped a
Malaysian company to negotiate its
access but he quickly felt locals were
being pressured into signing one-sided
agreements
I feel member√≠s I say I must tell you
the truth that we were looking for cash
this is why without considering all
these implications
opted to bring in their developer in in
places logging companies have subsidized
the local police those trying to stop
the loggers say they've been beaten by
them held in shipping containers and
threatened with arrest I was given a
summon my summons by a policeman in
uniform and carrying a gun and in the
nights in Papua New Guinea's capital two
politicians and officials have been
accused of being too close to the
logging companies and of taking bribes
to help deals go through the country's
new lands Minister doesn't deny that but
says he's part of the solution is a
Beals
is a disaster it's it's a disgrace
there's definitely some that are illegal
there's no question about it and they
will be cancelled they will be canceled
and all logging will stop but it's not
stopping we have just been in East New
Britain if the logging is devastating
now correct you're right it is not
stopping because of the fact that we
still have to go through the process
there's a legal process a lot of these
but it's going to stop it will stop in
many places logging companies are
appealing the cancellation of their
licenses but while court cases drag on
the trees keep falling Andrew Thomas
al-jazeera Tomeo Papua New Guinea
