preparing a meal for her family is
nothing new for TCL nurani but the
portions have changed over the past few
days
the reason higher prices in the market
there's an increase in the prices of
basic commodities what I could buy for
$85 in the past now cost 170 dollars
even the cost of breads gone up and it
affects my spending on other things
Siddhant economy has been weakening
since the United States imposed economic
sanctions in 1997 which were lifted in
October last year but there hasn't been
much of an improvement since then the
government's 2018 fiscal budget has a
deficit which has forced it to eliminate
some subsidies one of them was for wheat
in Perth we used to get a sack of flour
for 22 or 24 dollars but it was hard to
find now the prices are higher is 57
dollars and you can find it but there is
a very noticeable increase in the cost
lifting meat subsidies has hide prices
of bread which led to protests in many
parts of the country three people were
killed and more than a dozen members of
one of the main opposition parties which
called for peaceful protests arrested
protesters say police used tear gas to
stop them and the government shut down
newspaper publications and confiscated
copies that were already in distribution
but the price of bread is not the only
reason behind the protests Sudan's
currency has been weakening against the
dollar for many years in 2005 you needed
two Sudanese pounds to get one dollar in
you needed 8 now which is a record 34
just one dollar on the black market with
prices of some commodities more than
doubling many find life unaffordable
Sudan's government lowered the official
rate of the currency against the dollar
from 6.7 to 18 pounds in January as part
of reforms recommended by the
International Monetary Fund but it says
the reforms have nothing to do with the
hikes in prices there have been
government efforts to reduce the prices
of stable consumer goods the rise in
prices is not related to the devaluation
of the official exchange rate rather the
result of black market manipulation of
that rate
ministry and central bank are working to
shut it down but some analysts say the
worsening economy is because of
government policies and the budget it
proposed for this year the 2018 budget
presented to Parliament was unrealistic
it was beyond Sudan's economic capacity
without a vision or identification of
the resources to cover the budget the
budget may collapse if not in two months
then in three because the Ministry of
Finance doesn't have the resources for
the revenue to cover it tissue doesn't
know what the government's next steps
will be but she hopes it won't result in
more hikes in prices which could force
her family to go without some meals Heba
Morgan al Jazeera home
