okay folks President Donald Trump has
signed legislation aimed at preventing
opioid drugs from entering the country
the measures include allocating nine
million dollars for chemical screening
devices to be used by Customs and Border
Protection agents it comes amid an
opioid abuse crisis that has affected
swathes of the country in the state of
Pennsylvania Governor Tom wolf declared
a disaster emergency citing a
skyrocketing number of deaths by drug
overdose I don't take this action
lightly we know that this crisis has
taken far too many lives it has broken
far too many families it is decimated
far too many communities and it has gone
on far too long
newly released statistics show a 37
percent increase in fatal overdoses in
4642 in total and initial reports show
that number continued to climb in 2017
when overdose related emergency room
visits rose 82 percent through the third
quarter this despite state and local
efforts to address the problem and clean
up areas where drug use is rampant
declaring a disaster emergency will
allow the state to temporarily reduce
regulatory burdens making anti-overdose
drugs more available and expanding
access to treatment the governor is also
establishing an opioid operation command
center to better coordinate between
agencies in South Carolina where they've
also declared a disaster emergency the
governor announced a new public
education campaign this is a different
kind of threat it's a silent
behind-the-scenes threat there's things
that are not reported that's why it's up
to every citizen to take apart they used
to say that this is a society is not a
spectator sport you got to get out of
the stands and get down in the game
while President Trump has resisted calls
to officially declare the opioid
epidemic a national emergency
Pennsylvania is now the eighth state to
declare a disaster a disaster
designation last 90 days but Governor
wolf left open the possibility of
signing another one when this one runs
out
chrysten salumi al-jazeera
