China wants to play an increasingly
assertive role in Southeast Asia and is
using hydro diplomacy to get there this
was the second summit for leaders of the
land sang Mekong cooperation a group
started by China three years ago it
brings together nations where the Mekong
River or Lansing as it's known in China
runs through we have a five-year plan
that is enough is one of the key outcome
document for the summit and in that
five-year action plan combined with what
we call the development decoration it's
enough to give a good picture where the
McConnell and Chiang have come up to now
and where we intend to take forward
higher in the next five years the Mekong
runs for almost 5,000 kilometers and is
a vital source of food and transport for
around 60 million people but it's also
becoming a resource that governments in
the region increasingly want to tap into
China has already dammed the upper
reaches of the river to generate
electricity while Laos has to under
construction and at least seven more
planned environmentalists worried about
the effects the dams will have on the
ecosystem the Chinese projects have been
blamed for problems downstream like
severe drought particularly in Vietnam
where the Mekong comes to an end but
some believe China's role in creating
the lan xang mekong cooperation could be
positive this can be a great chance for
China to take real leadership with
sustainable sustainability and our
sharing natural resources with mutual
benefits
Beijing also sees the mekong as a key
piece of its belt and road
infrastructure and transport initiative
linking China with the rest of Asia and
Europe
it's pouring billions of dollars into
projects in Southeast Asia like the
construction of a high-speed railway
when it's completed it'll connect China
with Laos and Thailand developments on
the Mekong are also moving ahead quickly
too quickly for some the concern is that
not enough is known about the potential
impacts of so much man-made intervention
on one of the world's great waterways
Wayne hey al Jazeera Bangkok
