it's the economy just as it was in
Tunisia during the revolution that
spawned the Arab Spring in 2011
Tunisians are looking at their
circumstances and saying enough although
this time they're also saying not much
has changed since they succeeded in
bringing democracy to their country it's
been seven years since 2011 and the
government didn't do anything for us so
it's natural to protest
I think the demonstrations will be
bigger than before because of these
major price increases people are no
longer accepting this high cost of
living and that is contributing to the
process throughout the country for
people like me can no longer bear the
burden of these high prices there have
been protests across Tunisia at least
one man has been killed dozens of
demonstrators arrested and petrol bombs
have injured a number of police officers
the government is urging people to
protest peacefully what happened
yesterday is a violation of the law
since the state of emergency has been
declared in Tunisia these protests are
the results of operations that aim to
revive the unrest on social media but
protesters say they have only to look at
their wallets to be reminded of how
they're struggling to afford basic
necessities anger has been bubbling
since the government introduced
austerity measures On January 1st the
government raised the price of fuel and
taxes on many items in an attempt to
reduce the annual deficit Felisa the
violence we witnessed yesterday the
vandalism of the stores and the private
property we obviously don't accept it
however it can be seen as a natural
result of the starvation and the
impoverishment of the Tunisian people
for years
while Tunisia has been heralded as the
one success story of the Arab Spring
nine governments have been unable to
ease the economic concerns that have
driven protesters onto the streets
people have vowed to continue
demonstrating until the austerity
measures are lifted
Natasha Ghanim al Jazeera
