China and France are hailing this visit
as a new era for strategic partners Xi
Jinping and Emmanuel macron signing
multi-billion dollar trade deals from
aerospace to nuclear energy projects and
reaching what they say is common
consensus on a range of issues from
climate change to international security
going on indeed we have made an
agreement to improve global issues we
are faced with climate change and
terrorism China will be working together
with France so we can have a win-win
situation and develop a new strategy
that helps everyone in the world we have
both agreed to have open and deep
communications Macross says his visit is
a recognition of China's role on the
world stage and she's preeminent
position as Chinese leader this is
macrons first state visit to china as
president and he wants the trip to
become an annual event to highlight the
deepening relationship between china and
europe growing stronger as their
respective relations with the united
states become more unpredictable and
strained and i think it is time for
european leaders including the french
president of macro to really balance off
their relations against the United
States with their relations with China
macron began his visit in the ancient
city of xi'an one of the starting points
of the ancient Silk Road his full
support for what President Xi calls his
belt and Road initiative of new road and
rail links seen as the modern-day
equivalent of connecting East with West
is popular here macro will also take
away from Beijing the recommitment to
the Paris climate agreement seen as
crucial after the United States walked
away from it
in doing so France and China are
positioning themselves as global
environmental leaders setting an example
for the world to follow rob mcbride al
jazeera Beijing
