the fog of dust from buildings reduced
to rubble was still thick as people
began transporting the injured and
pulling out the dead 23 people were
killed in airstrikes in eastern Goethe
on Monday night the warplanes didn't
stop day and night they shall only
civilians and target residential
neighborhoods and markets Eastern Goethe
is a short drive to the capital Damascus
which has remained relatively calm
throughout the war but the lives of the
400,000 people here are very different
the never-ending stream of bombs has
created shortages of everything from
food to fuel the last two weeks have
been especially intense 126 people are
estimated to have been killed since
December 29th demand the international
community stops the shelling of innocent
civilians we don't have any food or
medicine here in East gouta we under
siege for a long time and we hope God
will help us Syrians contemplating
leaving their homes are faced with a
dilemma for example the displaced who
sought refuge in opposition held in Lib
are in danger again
Eid Lib is the largest rebel stronghold
and government forces are in the midst
of an offensive to regain control tens
of thousands of civilians already in
dire circumstances have been recorded as
displaced since the 1st of December due
to the fighting with the onset of winter
safe shelters among the biggest concerns
as many families are fleeing into areas
that are already at full capacity into
communities with depleted resources
people in eastern Goethe fear if they
leave their homes they'll never be
allowed to return the UN is accusing the
Syrian government of implementing a
policy of forced displacement to
radically alter the demographic makeup
of areas previously controlled by the
opposition
Natacha guy named Al Jazeera
