until recently the North Koreans have
refused to even pick up the phone when
the South Koreans tried to place calls
at the border hotline so it was
significant to see reefs on Guam the man
in charge of inter-korean relations for
the government in the north stepping
over the border into the southern side
of what's known as the truce village at
Panmunjom leading a five-member team of
high-ranking officials into a meeting
with his South Korean counterpart our
talks resumed after North and South
Korean ties have been severed for a long
time but I believe the first step is
half the journey we came to this meeting
today with a serious and sincere
attitude and with the thought of giving
our brethren who have high hopes for
this dialogue invaluable results as the
first presence of the year the meeting
did produce results an agreement for
North Korean representatives to attend
next month's Winter Olympics in
Pyeongchang South Korean president moon
jae-in has dubbed them the peace
Olympics and it's hoped that with its
athletes in Pyeongchang North Korea may
be less likely to conduct any missile or
nuclear tests the United States and
South Korea have already said they would
put off any joint military exercises
until after the Winter Games South Korea
also proposed more discussions on
reunions for separated family members to
coincide with the Lunar New Year next
month as well as military talks to
defuse tensions at the border that talks
between the Koreans are happening at all
is seen by many in the south as a
positive step
I believe these formal diplomatic
discussions can result in peace
foreigners see the Korean Peninsula as a
dangerous place that's under the
constant threat of war and I hope those
concerns don't become reality but
skeptics are concerned the talks won't
do enough to resolve the major issue of
North Korea's nuclear weapons program
South Korea says it mentioned
denuclearization drawing little response
he said okay their nuclear weapon
development program is a threat to the
regional and international community and
the United Nations has implemented very
strict sanction
so we need to maintain our stance that
they need to abide by the resolution as
we have been asking them still Japan
says it welcomes North Korea's change in
attitude on attending the Winter
Olympics Kathy Novak al Jazeera Seoul
