the new day is on the horizon she's best
known for a talk show which made her
billions of dollars now the talk is of
Oprah running for president for too long
women have not been heard or believed if
they dared to speak their truth to the
power of those men but their time is up
comments at the Golden Globe Awards in
Hollywood and several standing ovations
was described as inspiring by those in
attendance and brought the hashtag Oprah
20/20 trending on Twitter but while the
idea has growing support the media giant
has already said she doesn't want to run
for office I'm wondering if you've
narrowed down your shortlist of VP
candidates she's lost her mind
Donald Trump went from a hugely popular
reality TV show to the presidency his
star power and name recognition his
brand helped significantly several
Democrats have been named as possible
candidates for 2020 Kamala Harris Cory
Booker Joe Biden Elizabeth Warren and
Kirsten Gillibrand are just a few of the
names being thrown around none are as
well-known as Oprah but one political
analyst strikes a note of caution I
think that's a very huge and tremendous
lead for someone who has operated as a
media personality moving into the space
of governing we are we're already seeing
how that hasn't worked out as
successfully as many people had hoped it
would Oprah has done nothing to damp
down speculation of a presidential run
but there's still two years before the
race to the White House starts to get
really serious Alan Fisher al Jazeera
Washington
