despite being arguably the most powerful
institution in the country Egypt's
military intelligence appears to have
its weaknesses on Sunday the New York
Times said it had received audio
recordings of phone calls made by a
military intelligence officer the leaks
suggest how the army tightly controls
and directs media outlets in Egypt in
the recordings an officer named a
chiffon holey makes a number of calls to
talk-show hosts and other famous
personalities instructing them on what
they must say in the wake of President
Donald Trump's controversial decision to
recognize Jerusalem as the capital of
Israel I'm letting you know the position
of Egypt's national security regarding
the issue of declaring Jerusalem the
capital of Israel there have to be
compromises if we reach a point where
Jerusalem becomes the capital of Israel
and Ramallah becomes the capital of
Palestine in order to end the war and
avoid more deaths then we could probably
do that
aside from showing how Egypt under
President Abdel Fatah has Sisi is
apparently willing to accept and support
Israel's illegal occupation of Jerusalem
the leaks also demonstrate just how
little media freedom there is
transcripts of a second set of audio
tapes were published in the New York
Times on Monday this time focusing on
the upcoming presidential elections in
Egypt in these clips the same
intelligence officers heard talking
about former prime minister Ahmed Shafiq
who had announced his intention to run
for president Shafiq's desire for the
top job led him to be placed under house
arrest and then deported from the United
Arab Emirates where he'd been living in
exile his lawyers say he was detained as
soon as he landed in Cairo
coincidentally on Sunday evening Shafiq
tweeted that he was withdrawing his
candidacy just 24 hours before Egypt's
electoral commission was due to
publicized the timeline for the 2018
election this isn't the first time leaks
have emerged from deep inside Egypt's
military intelligence in 2014
polls involving Sisi himself were made
public including recordings of how the
United Arab Emirates funded and
orchestrated the protests which paved
the way for the military coup in Egypt
five years ago for some the recordings
further prove how cc's Egypt control
the media and doesn't support the
Palestinian struggle for liberation for
others it simply confirms what they've
known all along
either way it's a reminder that even the
most feared security apparatus inside
Egypt has its weak spot jamal al al al
jazeera
