with political upheaval impacting his EU
neighbours president Emmanuel macron
comes to China with the clear message
talk to me and you're talking to Europe
Englander is you know living Europe
Germany is and you know very strange
political position and France is very
central macro and President Xi Jinping
have met just once before at last year's
g20 summit and macro will be looking to
China to reaffirm its commitment to the
Paris climate Accord to control global
warming it was signed just two years ago
but damaged by the US decision to pull
out of it and it's very important now
for France to talk with China about
environment because America a US
president Trump leave the conference
this is macrons first state visit to
China and we can expect the usual flurry
of trade deals and possible agreements
on future nuclear power projects in
which both France and China have
expertise but as permanent members of
the UN Security Council they're also
likely be talks on the war in Syria and
on the North Korean crisis in both China
and France there's been alarm at the
kind of insults traded by the leaders of
the u.s. and North Korea and China will
be looking for support for its so-called
double freeze proposal that calls for
the u.s. and South Korea to suspend
military exercises in return for North
Korea halting its missile tests
this is Makarov I'm sure China hopes
macron will support this plan but if the
French come up with his own ideas China
will consider them carefully in the face
of so much international instability
French and Chinese diplomats will be
hoping that the spectacle of two world
leaders holding a state visit will in
itself be a stabilizing influence Rob
McBride
Sara Beijing
