the people of adlib city have become
used to silence like this Syrian
civilians yet again caught up inside a
war with seemingly no end in sight
activists couldn't confirm if it was
either car bomb or a drone strike the
target one of the many rebel factions
who control parts of Italy although no
one claimed responsibility some pointed
the finger at the Assad government I
will stamp on you Bashar
we will look leave we will die in Syria
forces of the Assad regime have been
making gains in the northwestern parts
of it live in Hama provinces in the last
48 hours they've taken more areas in Eid
lipped countryside Syrian rebels have
not been able to stand the government's
air superiority but the relentless air
campaign doesn't only target fighters
this is what happens when people hear
warplanes in the sky the population of
it Lib has more than doubled in the last
few years over a million displaced
people have been transferred to it live
after the government starve and siege
tactics in other areas south forces have
also stepped up attacks on eastern gouta
these are two of the four de-escalation
zones agreed upon by Syria Iran Russia
and Turkey although there have been
fewer attacks on Thomson fenÃªtre which
are the other areas under the deal but
the bombings never stopped completely
more than 400,000 people are besieged in
eastern water alone it was expected
obviously there's updated agreement now
between turkey Russia and and Iran
basically to be and those conflicting
zone in north of Syria to divide
basically the in lip area prepare for
the Sochi conference and basically and
the last place for the Syrian Armed
Forces the UN has declared that trapped
civilians face a complete catastrophe
because the Assad government has brought
aid deliveries in besieged areas and as
the guarantors of the de-escalation deal
get ready to meet in the Russian city of
Sochi later this month Syrian civilians
continue to suffer sama bin Javed Hazira
