forced to live out in the open these
Yemeni families have escaped the
fighting near the border with Saudi
Arabia now they have to bear the
elements on the streets of who data
their daily routine now for everyone to
see this war has displaced hundreds of
thousands of people I came from Herod we
ran for our lives now we sleep on the
floor no mattresses or blankets and it
is really cold
we have no income our children are
suffering if any of us falls sick
we cannot afford treatment our condition
is really terrible needless to say we
are living in fear this war now almost
into its third year is all about
regional politics and control the
consequence of that has created what the
UN calls the world's worst humanitarian
crisis the situation in Yemen today
right now - the population of the
country looks like the apocalypse we
need to scale up our response the
cholera outbreak is probably the worst
the world has ever seen with a million
suspected cases at the end of 2017 this
terrible new epidemic of diphtheria a
bacterial disease which should be
completely preventable by immunization
has already affected up to 500 people
with dozens and dozens of deaths in the
last few weeks that is going to spread
like wildfire in aid agencies are not
able to access the majority of those in
need
let them Santa Ana we had to escape the
war our life has turned upside down we
can't afford a decent meal we're now
begging to eat and feed our children
we're living in the streets on charity
some basic supplies are getting through
a blanket to keep warm
it is winter now and temperatures drop
at night
and a fire offers little comfort these
people face an uncertain future with no
idea when they can go back home what
will be left of it once they do it's
definitely Decker al Jazeera
