mumtaz Begum escaped with her three
children across the border from Myanmar
into Bangladesh at the end of December
they've joined the more than 650,000
refugees who fled a military crackdown
on the reinjure in Rakhine State in
western Myanmar she says her husband was
killed as they tried to flee we couldn't
go anywhere because there was heavy
fighting from all direction and my
husband was shot dead by security forces
there are very few people who still
remain here they tried to go to the
forest and river fishing but the
military does not allow them they say
you can't go there anymore and you can't
harvest the paddies either so people are
not able to work the Myanmar military
tells us you are not through hinder and
there is no Ranger in our country go to
the country where there are Rangers
Western governments including the US
have called the crackdown on the
predominantly Muslim Ranger ethnic
cleansing but Myanmar has denied access
to any independent investigation in
Rakhine State the reinjure have suffered
at decades of persecution and violence
they were stripped of their citizenship
in what was then Burma thirty five years
ago the Myanmar government considers
them illegal immigrants from Bangladesh
and evidence of the brutality they have
suffered in recent months is shocking
the charity Doctors Without Borders says
at least six thousand seven hundred
reinjure were killed by the Myanmar
security forces between the end of
August and late September it says at
least seven hundred and thirty Ranger
children younger than five years old
were among those killed mostly shot dead
Doctors Without Borders also says nearly
ten percent of children who died were
burned alive in their homes and at least
five percent were beaten to death Human
Rights Watch and aid organizations
working in these camps in neighboring
Bangladesh say Myanmar soldiers
gang-raped women and young girls the
refugees have escaped death in Myanmar
but the struggle to survive in the camps
goes on the UN says seven percent of
children here are suffering severe acute
nutrition a condition that will kill if
not treated properly the biggest
challenge that we face right now is that
this is the fastest growing refugee camp
in the world think about Washington DC
but without health services without
medicines without proper access to food
we know from recent studies that 80% of
new arrivals need food assistance
they've been outbreaks of communicable
diseases including measles and
diphtheria in the camps aid
organizations estimate around 70% of the
world's are contaminated with FISA the
governments of Bangladesh and Myanmar
say they will proceed with a voluntary
repatriation scheme in the coming weeks
Mumtaz says she will never take her
children back to Myanmar until the
government at least recognized them as
we hinder until it guarantees them the
same rights and security as citizens of
the country they and hundreds of
thousands of other reinjure refugees
were born in and called home Charles
trafford al Jazeera
