another day of pro-government rallies in
Iran seemingly part of a two-pronged
approach to keep detractors off the
streets a large show of public support
and a heavy police presence across the
country with critics inside and outside
Iran predicting the downfall of the
Islamic Republic the government is
determined to publicly project the power
of the state at Friday prayers in the
capital Tehran a senior cleric reminded
people of Iran's real enemies who he
says are behind the unrest in the
country yes same as this is what is
happening Saudi Arabia gave the money
the u.s. did the planning it was
coordinated from us control rooms in
Hobart and Erbil weapons are being
transferred little by little to Iran
they wanted to finish it in February
that was the plan but he also
sympathized with public demands for
better economic conditions nature of the
protests was right those who lost their
money it's not a wrong protest for them
people are saying death to high prices
we're saying that to what people are
saying should be heard people's rights
shouldn't be missed in the middle of
this mess meanwhile what was essentially
a leaderless protest movement with
competing demands seems to have fizzled
out but on social media sites people are
still sharing week old videos of
anti-government demonstrations protests
last week were the boldest challenge to
Iran's establishment in nearly a decade
but crowd sizes only ever numbered in
the thousands in contrast in 2009 more
than a million people came out into the
streets to protest the re-election of
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad but for
now activists who oppose the government
have been sidelined by much larger
crowds who supported Zayn Basra via al
Jazeera Tehran
