forget taking a leisurely stroll down a
supermarket aisle this is how
competitive shoppers buy Tsukiji auction
house in downtown Tokyo is the world's
largest fish market where tourists mix
with michelin-starred chefs hoping to
reel in a worthy catch this shopper
snagged the prized attraction paint over
three hundred twenty thousand dollars
for a four hundred five kilo premium
Pacific bluefin tuna this big fish was
paraded through the market not an easy
task considering it weighs the
equivalent of a grand piano this market
has been here for over 80 years but it's
expected to close its doors and move to
a different site as part of the city's
redevelopment for the 2020 Olympic Games
some say that's the reason for this
year's high prices there was an air of
excitement of the auction and I expect
that the fish market will grow livelier
as the year goes on although I feel some
concern for the markets relocation I'd
like to enjoy the moment too despite the
excitement here activists a warning
bluefin tuna numbers are dwindling there
is an international push to have the
fish registered as an endangered species
the Japanese government wants penal
regulations on Pacific bluefin for
fishermen who exceed the set quota it's
hoped these new international controls
will help the bluefin tuna numbers saw
to record levels in 15 years time and as
this Tokyo landmark gets ready to move
to a different site two kilometers away
on a man-made island the traders here
hope their good fortunes continue Hana
hawkster al Jazeera
