president Donald Trump's press secretary
came out swinging Thursday saying
Americans are more concerned about
policy than a new book on the White
House I don't think they really care
about some trash that an author that no
one had ever heard of until today or a
fired employee wants to peddle earlier
attorneys for the president sent a cease
and desist letter to the publisher and
author demanding the book not be
released they also threatened former
White House strategist Steve Bannon with
legal action for telling author Michael
Wolff that Donald Trump jr. was
treasonous and unpatriotic for meeting
with Russians before the 2016
presidential election after excerpts of
the book were released Wednesday an
enraged President Trump said of Bannon
when he was fired he not only lost his
job he lost his mind initially Bannon
fired off a tweet saying I won't speak
about who lost their minds or ever had
one but he later tweeted that the
president was a great man that prompted
President Trump to downplay the vitriol
at a White House meeting Thursday the
book is a distraction for a president
who is trying to advance his policies in
the face of a deepening special
investigation into Russia's meddling
into the 2016 presidential election
author Michael Wolfe says he spent 18
months and conducted roughly 200
interviews with President Trump senior
staff during the transition and the
first year of his administration in a
column Thursday Woolf seems to question
the president's mental fitness for
office
it used to be inside of 30 minutes he'd
repeat word for word and expression for
expression the same three stories now it
was within ten minutes the book is
prompting speculation that the 25th
amendment to the Constitution could be
used to remove the president from office
but former federal prosecutor Melanie
Sloan says that is unlikely to imagine
the majority of the cabinet and the Vice
President of the United States actually
sending a letter saying that the
President of the United States is
mentally incapacitated is very hard to
imagine and there are many commentators
who believe this could lead to a
constitutional
crisis Sloane says impeachment is a more
likely scenario but with the Congress
still controlled by the president's own
party that too seems unlikely at least
for now
Diane Esterbrook al Jazeera Washington
