the world's biggest technology companies
are scrambling to fix critical cyber
security flaws that could compromise
every computer smartphone and server
sold in the past 20 years Packers
if they are able to install some
malicious software on a computer and
then go the extra step to take advantage
of this problem they can access some
really sensitive information including
passwords encryption keys that let them
access even more sensitive data security
researchers discovered vulnerabilities
in computer chips used in nearly all
devices the flaws dubbed specter and
meltdown by security experts would allow
intruders to steal any data on the
system's companies involved include
Apple Microsoft and Google the flawed
chips are made by Intel AR m and AMD
Google's project zero security team said
it found the flaws sometime last year
the company announced details of how it
is working to protect users of Google
cloud and Android devices it says a new
version of the Chrome browser debuting
later this month will include fixes
Microsoft has also developed an
emergency patch that will automatically
be applied to all devices running on
Windows 10 Apple has not publicly
disclosed any fixes for its operating
systems those patches will address the
meltdown bug but they could
significantly slow down device
performance in some cases by as much as
30 percent it's bad news for everybody
if you've got no device it'll become
more vulnerable to hackers if you've got
a new device it may slow down if it's
got an Intel chip inside it the other
flaw called Spectre is harder to fix and
will ultimately require a redesign of
the chips themselves rob reynolds al
jazeera los angeles
