on a busy holiday a town steeped in
English history and one which voted in
favor of brexit by almost exactly the
same percentage as the entire UK so a
good place to find out what people now
think about brexit and whether Theresa
May can meet the challenges of 2018
she needs to toughen up a bit again
she's not a doormat head of mind
wherever I say she's just rolling over
for their interest rather first rather
than mere use by silly you know I didn't
expect it to be this long all so
complicated and I can only hope that
everything sorts itself out in the end
I'm pretty good about Rick said I think
the economy it was appalling I think
it's embarrassing when you go bras I
think it's probably nothing Goods gonna
come out there yeah pretty pretty low
just like the people of Canterbury the
governing Conservative Party and the
opposition Labour Party are badly
divided over brexit in 2018 the
realities of what brexit means will
become much more tangible and Prime
Minister Theresa May and Labour leader
Jeremy Corbyn will struggle to hold
their parties together the Prime
Minister faces a dilemma does she choose
a so-called soft brexit that keeps
Britain closely aligned to the EU to
minimise economic disruption or does she
choose a hard brexit more divergence
from Europe more freedom for Britain to
make its own decisions but also a risk
that it becomes a poorer more isolated
country Jeremy Corbyn is seen by his
supporters as the prime minister in
Waiting but he too has dodged the most
difficult decisions on brexit if he
wants to lead the country Labour's
ambiguous some say confused position
will have to become much clearer in 2018
Scottish nationalists and their leader
Nicola Sturgeon had a disappointing 2017
support for independence dropping
but if brexit talks flounder they will
sense opportunity so which way will the
political winds blow for the future of
the United Kingdom and not just its
leading politicians a crucial year
Barnaby Phillips al Jazeera Canterbury
