Ethiopia's been under pressure
domestically and on the international
stage there have been anti-government
protests since 2015 that continued to
pose a serious challenge to the ruling
party the decision to release all
political prisoners will be welcomed by
many Europeans but some warned it may
not lead to major changes in policy the
Prime Minister of Ethiopia realizes that
it should be continued to be a closed or
political country and that it has to
start a political dialogue in order to
avoid really being sidelined by the
international community people needs to
be really the protests of the past few
years have called for political and
economic change in Ethiopia the aroma
and Amhara regions have led a vocal
opposition to the government accusing
the ruling party of marginalizing them
activists and journalists have been
arrested in what is described as the
most serious challenge since the
government came to power in 1991
hundreds of civilians have been killed
during the recent crackdown human rights
groups have accused security forces of
using excessive and lethal force
during Wednesday's news conference the
government announced its closing the
notorious McAlary prison and turning it
into a museum the facility has been
singled out by rights groups in the past
for suspected rights violations
including torture and critics maintain
the government needs to address the
underlying grievances of the protesters
such as economic social and ethnic
rights is not clear what kind of impact
the release of political prisoners will
have on the growing opposition movement
Stephanie Decker al Jazeera
