the EU was reported to have been
discussing what it calls a special
purpose vehicle for several weeks and on
Monday night the EU foreign policy chief
said it would be going ahead
EU Member States will set up a legal
entity to facilitate legitimate
financial transactions with Iran and
this will allow European companies to
continue to trade with Iran in
accordance with European Union law and
could be open to other partners in the
world
the plans discussed in the past have
involved an entity being set up to act
as a go-between or Clearing House
between Iran and other nations to
facilitate commercial transactions for
example if a country or company wants to
buy Iranian oil it would send money to
or perhaps engage in a barter system
involving this entity which will handle
the transaction with Iran the same will
be true in Reverse for Iran's dealings
with the rest of the world the idea is
to bypass commercial and central banks
who are fearful of being frozen out of
the US financial system if they help
circumvent the new sanctions being
imposed by the Trump administration
against Iran in November however the
details have yet to be worked out and
there is some skepticism that the system
will work especially given the large
number of European companies already
curtailing their business dealings with
Iran those meeting at the UN also
announced that Iran remained in
compliance with the nuclear deal and
pledged their commitment to remain
participants the meeting on the
sidelines of the UN General Assembly
didn't just involve European foreign
ministers but the foreign ministers of
Russia and China as well meeting with
Iran coming as it did on the eve before
Donald Trump addresses the UN General
Assembly in what's been billed as an
attempt to really blast Iran for its
activity this was a sign of real
international solidarity here in New
York Sher Burton C al Jazeera New York
