from an open border for refugees to a
closed border for anyone not carrying a
passport or a Swedish identity card
Sweden's policy on opening its gates to
asylum seekers during the crisis of 2015
is long gone but police checks on the
train from Denmark don't seem to be
going anywhere soon the Arison bridge
between Copenhagen and here in Malmo was
the main entry point for more than a
hundred and sixty thousand people who
applied for asylum in Sweden in 2015
that flow has now dried up and the law
allowing restrictions has expired but
Sweden is one of the countries citing
security as a reason for the controls to
continue the closure of the Balkan route
has led to a huge drop in the number of
refugees arriving in Europe yet Sweden
France Germany Austria Norway and
Denmark have all continued to impose
controls on their frontiers those
restrictions legally expired on November
the twelfth under article 29 of the
Schengen borders code but article 25
allows the countries to extend them for
six months if they claim serious threats
to public order or internal security
Danes and Swedes had previously been
encouraged to see a newly branded person
region as a place in which they could
freely commute between the countries
they say the increases in their journey
times are unjustifiable this is mainly a
first show internal Polish politics
there are worried citizens a word here
in Sweden about the mass influx of
immigrants and they're trying to show
that they're doing something in reality
this nothing happens here this is a
almost a circus a waste of time journeys
of thousands of kilometers from the
Middle East and Africa have finally
ended here in recent years the question
of whether free movement in the Schengen
zone can ever begin again is still in
the air Paul Reis al Jazeera Malmo
