it was to say the least a controversial
vote members of the Knesset Israel's
parliament setting a higher threshold
for any future attempt to give up any
parts of Jerusalem instead of a simple
majority of 61 votes now a supermajority
of 80 votes or two-thirds of the 120
seat Knesset will be needed to approve
any legislation ceding parts of
Jerusalem to any foreign parties it
places a major hurdle in the path of
Jerusalem being part of any future peace
talks Palestinian leaders while
frustrated are not surprised saying
similar laws are being pursued in an
Israeli effort to consolidate its
occupation look after the compromise you
know it's great that we are moving
directly in another path you know the
path of Oslo now they change it all this
is very clear there is however
considerable confusion about what
happens next
one of the key questions for
Palestinians now is what impact this
legislation will have on areas like Kufa
Raqqa where we are now and the Charlotte
refugee camp it was originally expected
that as part of the bill the Knesset
would also vote to allow for the
changing of Jerusalem's municipal
borders meaning that neighborhoods such
as Cooper da club and Chartres fought
refugee camp both located behind the
security wall would no longer be part of
Jerusalem municipality which could among
other things potentially strip
approximately 150,000 Palestinians of
their residency status that provision
however was withdrawn at the last minute
the head of the kaviraja President's
Committee says even if the law were to
pass his group would make sure it won't
go into effect immediately I don't think
that will happen before five or six
years because we go in to go to court
against that we as a committee over here
by the name of our people we are going
to go to the core and the helping us and
this all the committees of the Human
Rights home they work and in Israel and
some of them foreign or some of Rome as
well but they will help us to go to
court to stand in the court again that
while the exact date isn't known it's
expected the Knesset will attempt to
debate the issue
Jerusalem's municipal borders in the
near future adding another note of
uncertainty during a time already full
of concern Mohammed Jim Dilma Jazeera
Copa da club in occupied East Jerusalem
