ambassador nikki Haley called a briefing
to outline u.s. priorities at the United
Nations in this new year on top of her
list the situation in Iran if the
Iranian dictatorships history is any
guide we can expect more outrageous
abuses in the days to come the UN must
speak out in the days ahead we will be
calling for an emergency session both
here in New York and at the Human Rights
Council in Geneva we must not be silent
the people of Iran are crying out for
freedom all freedom loving people must
stand with their cause this echoing
sentiments expressed by President Trump
earlier who said in a tweet the people
of Iran are finally acting against the
brutal and corrupt Iranian regime all of
the money that President Obama so
foolishly gave them went into terrorism
and into their pockets the people have
little food big inflation and no human
rights the u.s. is watching there's
little evidence in the streets of Tehran
of the turmoil evident in some other
parts of the country but there are deep
concerns expressed about the rise in
food prices and drop in employment Jon
they're caught I'm working but in this
society I'm always stressed about the
possibility of getting fired the next
day always being worried about my job my
family the security of my family the
main problems people are grappling with
are their security the economy and their
livelihood there are some who are poor
and cannot make ends meet what should
they do life is really difficult we're
tenants I have a daughter and son both
at school the high prices really put me
under pressure at home Iran's supreme
leader has broken his silence on the
protests accusing Iran's enemies of
responsibility one Khazaria quarter said
the enemy is waiting for an opportunity
for a crack through which it can
infiltrate look at the recent events all
those who are at odds with the Islamic
Republic have used various means
including money weapons politics and
intelligence apparatus to create
problems for the Islamic system the
Islamic Republic
and the Islamic Revolution News Agency
footage reveals ongoing protests in a
number of regions hundreds are reported
to have been arrested and demonstrators
continue to defy an attempted government
blackout of social media back at the
United Nations the new president of the
Security Council has confirmed the US
has been in contact and discussions are
ongoing but it's not clear at this stage
whether the u.s. appetite for a formal
meeting is shared by the rest of
Security Council members some may be
reluctant to intervene in what they
would regard as an internal domestic
dispute
Mike Hanna al Jazeera United Nations
