when the island school in lower
Manhattan opens its doors in the morning
principal swanee Ramos is there to greet
the children and make sure they get a
hot breakfast at this school where
nearly half of the students are homeless
late stragglers are common as our
students dealing with many distractions
from their schoolwork we provide three
meals hot meals so we provide breakfast
lunch and a hot supper at the end of the
day Lidia Oak recently moved from a
homeless shelter into a subsidized
apartment with her two children she
decided to keep them in the school for
continuity even though it takes for more
than an hour to get there on the subway
a lot of people have stems to--he
lightning I had no luck not a need
single mother from the shatter like
Ryder school and Mexican fun
the school has a laundry room paid for
with grant money so families struggling
with the high cost of housing in New
York have a place to wash school
uniforms the number of homeless students
in New York City has been rising along
with the general homeless population in
the last year one in ten students spent
time either in a city shelter or living
with relatives this presents a unique
set of challenges not only for the
families but also for the schools that
serve them homeless students have higher
rates of absenteeism and lower test
scores advocates for children say the
city needs more social workers for the
100 schools where more than 10% of the
population is homeless we saw in New
York City that more than half of
students living in shelters were absent
for 20 or more school days over the
course of the year that means that they
miss about the equivalent of a month of
school principal Ramos leaves her school
open until 7 in the evening providing as
long as possible a safe and loving
environment for students may lack the
stability of a home when they leave
christen salumi al jazeera New York
