every page he goes through takes Yousef
Anya back to the past these files around
the room are archival records of
Africa's youngest nation records of
South Sudan's history have archived on
tribals who have have documents on roads
who have documents on crime criminal
cases and then we have documents a lot
of documents that will have there be a
intelligence and agriculture and
education thousands of archives can be
found in these rooms they're primarily
British colonial records from the late
1800s when South Sudan was still part of
Sudan it gained independence in 2011 but
for an independent country South Sudan
doesn't have a museum to store and
display its own archives and even though
the collection started after 2005 most
of the documents were stored in tents
until recently
South Sudan's Ministry of Culture had
plans to set up a center for National
Archive seven years ago but the war
which started in 2013 has halted any
progress
just like with more or less anything
related to development here the storage
place where the archives collected so
far is a simple house with only one
security guard four years of civil war
in South Sudan have displaced millions
of people and even prior to that the
region had been experiencing conflict
for more than 20 years slowing down
sometimes even halting the collection of
archives and with an illiteracy rate of
73 percent many South Sudanese don't
know much about their history the man
behind the project has selected some of
the collection to be put on display many
here say they're learning about their
country for the first time these
archives are teaching me about what has
been written down I'm learning my
country's history anyone can read and
learn about their heritage but
preserving the archives is mostly done
with help from donors and as the work
continues discovering many details of
South Sudan's past has to be put on hold
it's true that the different outbreaks
of conflicts have caused some delays to
the projects and of course because the
donors have to also we align the
their strategies for reacting to those
issues normally when you find archives
there in specific parts of town and if
we're in archives they need a proper
home these documents are very fragile
some of them are over 100 years old over
a hundred years old but to Yusuf and
many others their precious records that
must be protected at all costs and
represent a country that has always been
very fragile Heba morgen al Jazeera Juba
