it takes a long and rough ride to reach
the native area of Nichelle's Arab
minority their villages are remote and
mostly depopulated due to decades of
drought
only a few like buzz and gore hundreds
of kilometers to the northeast of the
capital Miami continue to struggle for
survival and struggle to keep the
culture alive - we are teaching Quran to
our children to preserve our religion
Islam and our Arabic language - without
these schools we would not have been
able to preserve them Arabs migrated to
this area from North Africa in the 16th
century they brought with them their
camels and their tasks around trading
skills when they arrived here the area
was ruled by the Tuareg the Arabs who
excelled in trade formed an alliance
with them even before the arrival of the
French colonization they were trading in
camels within the neighboring countries
Libya and Algeria they even traded in
clothes which was prohibited by the
French but even though they are small in
number and have recently been driven
from countryside to city by natural
hardships they soon began to readapt not
only that but to excel in various new
roles they are now responsible for more
than 60% of Nichelle's industries and
90% of its transport most bus lines
linking Leisha to West Africa are owned
by them they have shares in local
airline companies and owned several
factories they are Tuareg allies and
neighbours in the north recognize the
contribution made to the development of
Asia
no doubt Arabs are minority however the
presence is strongly felt namely in
bizzy's all credit goes to the Arabs who
started modern transportation companies
connecting with all cities and villages
these companies also provide job
opportunities Arabs of near explored
various types of business as they are
scho foreign trade despite its ethnic
diversity major seems to have
successfully managed its racial problems
an intermittent Tuareg rebellion that
broke out in the north in 1990 ended in
a solid peace agreement in 2009 now both
too arrogant Arabs enjoy a sizable
representation in the government and
Parliament too many English troubled
region
it proves inter-ethnic peace benefits
nations mohammad ali al jazeera
