this is how North Korea welcome to the
new year with the fireworks display much
like the rest of the world but it is
leader Kim Jong Un's New Year's Day
address that is drawing all the
attention
if 2017 was marked by fiery rhetoric and
rising tensions because of North Korea's
nuclear ambitions 2018 may bring more of
the same beauty colors from that the US
mainland is within the range of our
nuclear strike and the nuclear button is
put on the desk in my office at all
times they should clearly understand but
this is never attractive what a reality
Kim has called for the mass production
and deployment of more nuclear warheads
and missiles but weapons experts agree
that North Korea may not yet have the
technology to miniaturize a nuclear
warhead and mounted on a missile that
can re-enter the atmosphere while Kim's
speech made no mention of a nuclear
atmospheric test he reiterated the
claims that North Korea is now a nuclear
power in stark contrast to the hostile
remarks to the United States is the
conciliatory overture from Kim jong-un
to South Korea he's even suggested
dialogue between the two sides
something South Korean president moon
jae-in proposed several months ago and
which North Korea ignored mean dr.
hierarchical generally we should
actively create an atmosphere to move
forward with the national reconciliation
and reunification improving ties between
the north and the south is an urgent
issue that not only the north and south
want but everyone else wants he
suggested North Korea is prepared to
send its athletes to participate in the
upcoming Winter Olympics and Paralympics
in Pyeongchang next month South Korea
has responded to these proposals
positively saying it hopes communication
which has been severed between the two
sides for nearly two years can be
restored South Korea's presidential
office welcomes North Korean leader Kim
jong-un's New Year speech today which
expressed willingness to send a
delegation to the Pyeongchang Olympics
and proposed talks as he acknowledged
the need for improvement in inter-korean
ties but analysts say the olive branch
may be a ploy to gain sample
tickle ground North Korea wants to drive
a wedge between Seoul and Washington at
the same time try to dilute the impact
of economic sanctions North Korea is
facing its toughest sanctions yet
including a cap on petrol imports as
punishment for its nuclear and missile
tests last year Kim jong-un speech while
it seems to lay open a path to dialogue
with South Korea is proof that North
Korea's nuclear ambitions are here to
stay
