Brazilian politics is in the doldrums
40% of the Congress are under
investigation for corruption
the president's ratings are in single
digits and his reforms are stuck but
next year brings elections and the
promise of change for many in Brazil's
poor northeast that means hope for the
return of former President Luiz inácio
Lula providing he can beat corruption
charges his leftist government was known
for helping the working class for us
with lower income the best president was
Lula he did more for us he offered us
social programs like bolsa família
improvement in the region schools for
the children in more affluent Sao Paulo
many echoed the view of Marcia and
Rodrigo they see both Lula and his
closest challenger Jaya bull senado a
right winger who's pro-gun and anti-gay
is dangerous populist the biggest
concern is the polarization these days I
work in the financial market and all
that really affects shares in
commodities prices and we're worried
because so far there was no other
candidate that could challenge those two
that worry has reached Professor crema
de Souza as he walks the corridors of
power in the Brazilian Congress he sees
a stagnant political scene so we really
feel personally offended about all these
corruption and about the fact that all
these come all these speeches about okay
a new kind of society a new kind of
Brazil a new kind of perspective people
feels that okay
they're lying this is only the third
decade of democracy in Brazil after a
military dictatorship and people say
that in the early years election night
was like a huge party but corruption and
mismanagement have really ground that
down and now for many here the country's
political dinosaurs have taken over that
party for themselves while the wolf
Ridge is trying to get fresh talent
involved he's set up a program which
public policy experts will train wannabe
congressmen from all walks of life it's
paid for by entrepreneurs and
crowdfunding the only rule no career
politicians as the political system is
very entrenched so our plan is through
this program is to help to challenge the
status quo and break this vicious cycle
of decline in Brazilian politics that
will be tough the candidates will still
have to run with established parties in
Brazil independents aren't allowed but
if a discredited political class is to
change next year could at least be the
star John Holman al-jazeera Brazil
