kook 2018 be the year when the war in
Syria finally ends Bashar al-assad is
confident his regime is no longer
patterned after Russia helps him turn
the tide but after the military gains
what kind of political settlement is
possible this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hoshi Mahal Varla 2018 dawns were
examining a story that has dominated
headlines for the better part of the
past six years Syria is on many minds
because of the millions either dead
wounded or made refugees 2017 was a good
year for President Bashar al-assad as
forces recaptured major cities and large
areas of rebel-held territory the
Russian resort of Sochi is due to host a
new round of talks in January but after
so many failed negotiations the prospect
of peace remains elusive we'll get to
our gas in a moment but first zina hold
reports from Beirut Syrians in search of
safety there may be less violence
because of Russian brokered local
ceasefires but there are still active
front lines in some areas of the country
over the past year the opposition lost a
sizable territory and the Syrian
government with the backing of Russia
and Iran have also recaptured areas from
ISIL the government is stronger than it
has been since the conflict began nearly
seven years ago but the war is not
nearing its end the war is far from over
that is for sure Ian what we're seeing
is perhaps winding down a bit of the
conflict and some parts there is a
likelihood of an escalation or flare-up
and further conflicts and other parts of
the country almost a quarter of the
country in the northeast for example is
outside the state's control the mainly
Kurdish region wants a federal system
for Syria the government once said it
would be ready to discuss this but now
it calls the Kurds traitors for working
with a foreign country and the u.s.
decision to maintain a troop presence in
the end clave has alarmed Russia which
says there is no legitimate reason for
them to stay the war is not over but the
focus is already on dividing the spoils
russia's President Vladimir Putin wants
to play a lead role in brokering a
political settlements the Kremlin has
six
we created an alternative path for
negotiations the russian-led talks in
Astana have overshadowed the un-led
Geneva process and now Putin plans to
host the Syrian peace conference in
Sochi Russia's leader says he has the
support of Iran and Turkey countries
that are deeply involved in the conflict
he also says Syria's President Bashar
al-assad is backing the peace initiative
that may weaken his powers but leave him
in office for at least a few years with
a reformed Constitution what we will
likely see as a Syrian not divided but
divided in terms of spheres of influence
it will be like a multinational company
with countries holding shares and of
course Russia having the biggest share a
political settlement is still a long way
off for opponents of the government what
is being discussed doesn't amount to
peace but priorities have changed in
2017 calls for Assad to be removed from
power were no longer heard Western
leaders now seem to be more concerned
with working with Russia to counter
Iran's growing influence in Syria sanika
al jazeera Beirut
let's now bring in our gas joining us in
Istanbul yahyel Ari the spokesman for
the Syrian negotiating committee in
Moscow
Alexei clinica of his Middle East expert
of the Russian International Affairs
Council and in Beirut Samy nad director
of the Levant institute for strategic
affairs welcome to you all
mr. Al Ahly they would like to ask you
this question 2013 the general sentiment
among the opposition with just few
inches from gaining the war now the
general sentiment is the opposition is
losing the war against Bashar al-assad
what do you how do you react to this
well I don't think that the opposition
is losing the war because originally the
intention of the opposition was not a
military one in the first place it was
just a matter of a scream for certain
rights and the regime on the other hand
has selected the military solution for
this this issue and so far the military
solution has proven to be a real failure
and what attests to this fact is that
all those attempts to find a political
settlement for the crisis in Syria and
on top
Russia is exerting all the efforts to
find a political settlement
unfortunately Russia is just approaching
this issue by the same means it used for
the military solution after its
interference on in 2015 and that's why
it is having real problems in finding
this settlement or in finding a solution
in other words the Syrian case is one of
rights of a political solution rather
than a military one because the military
solution has really proven to be a
disasterous matter due to the fact that
it has devastated the country displaced
its people and without
getting any results for a settlement and
the regime doesn't feel confident as you
reported in your report in your
introduction which is I believe a
misconception of the situation dude
because of the Iranian element the
Iranian factor and location factor the
regime is still there how could it feel
confident ok mr. holiday we'll go back
and into more details about the
different players in the conflicts mr.
cleverly curved the the Russians are
pushing for a political settlement does
it come from this sentiment that they
consider the war almost to be over so
well indeed from the Russian perspective
and other leaders of other countries
like Iran Iraq Syrian government even
the United States they acknowledge that
the ISIS is almost defeated in Syria and
Iraq so currently Russia wants to
concentrate more in the political
process and that's to the country that
the majority in the political process is
even tricky and harder than the military
faced firstly because besides all
parties will face an issue to discuss
the most sensitive and difficult
problems like constitutional and
political reforms elections the fate of
asset there all of Kurds in the
country's governance the presence of the
foreign military formations in its
territory so there is the whole set of
these political issues which really put
Russia Russia at a tight spot because in
the one hand it has its allies in
Damascus and in Iran and on the other
hand they have these kind of rivalry
powers as Turkey and Israel in the
United States which push for a different
one so Russia and it's really tricky for
it to balance between them between those
two things
mr. Nadia I mean the Syrian opposition
has recently said that is going to
establish a new national
but when you look at the situation on
the ground
the rebels are losing significant ground
they're no longer in the eastern part of
the country the Oscars of Damascus is
almost entirely under the control of the
government except of some few pockets in
the eastern hota they are left with one
province which is ad lib but then that
ground itself is very vulnerable do you
still believe that the rebels can still
stage a military comeback I mean a
military come back come back no but and
this is not the major strength of the
Opposition because based on the balance
of power there is nothing to compare
between the Russian military force that
saved the regime and the capabilities
that are in the hand of the Opposition
however the strength of this opposition
is political because there is no
alternative to the Syrian opposition and
any opposition that is made or invented
by the Syrian regime or its allies will
not pave the way for a sustainable
solution a sustainable solution can only
be reached with the participation of the
legitimate opposition that unified
itself recently so it's true that that
we can talk about Russian victory in
Syria military victory however this
victory should be sustainable okay and
the way to do this is I mean to reach a
political settlement and no political
settlement is achievable achievable
without the presence and the
participation of a legitimate Syrian
let's delve into the issue of the
political settlements Mr Al Ahly you
said that you're not going to attend the
Sochi summit what are the options left
for you if you don't want to be part of
a broader comprehensive political
settlement led by the Russians the Turks
and the Iranians well it's not a matter
of saying yes to what Russia intends to
hold in suit
all saying no the issue is one of
investigating this particular initiative
by the Russians as I told you previously
that Russia believes that it can solve
the problems politically as it thinks
that it solved them militarily you
cannot use the same means and tools to
approach the political settlement there
Russia has no parallel no compatible
power in the field
it has Jets all over the place it just
used Syria as a field a test field was
its weapon mr. Lawry what's your problem
with the Russian initiative they would
like you to negotiate a political
transition they want Bashar al Assad to
stay in power and they say that you are
welcome to be part of a broader
political establishment but you won't be
the only one to have the bigger say what
is your problem with this perspective
okay well fine that's we have to discuss
then the nature of this initiative or
this invitation to SUCI congress first
when you russia has put a precondition
for those attendees those who are gonna
attend it first they do not need they
cannot discuss the fate of Assad and his
regime they cannot talk about political
transition and they have to be certain
members who are along the same line with
the regime's tendencies for a political
settlement in other words they are the
product of the inside and whatever the
intelligence needs another thing is that
this particular Congress if it just
jumps over UN Security Council
resolutions upon which a political
settlement is to be achieved in Syria if
they are over sidelined
no one could just go to to a submission
for the Russian occupation of Syria and
for the continuation of brutality
dictatorship in Syria because this
dictatorship has proven to be the best
prescription for the continuity of
tension for the continuty of tear
and at the same time it is it is a
complete block for any possibility for
reconstructing Syria and and bringing
back those who were displaced or
dispersed all over the world Syrians and
this is a source for tension if the if
Congress if Sochi is as such no one we
would go to and you notice also this
tide of Syrian opposition towards suci
and it is considered to be a submission
for the Russian will I see a point this
cannot be the case let's further expand
our discussions clip Niko how can even
leave heard what mr. hilarity has been
saying particularly voicing the concerns
of the Syrian opposition how can the
Russians repackage the whole initiative
in Sochi to be able to be to bring it in
a very appealing way to the Syrian
opposition but also to the international
community other Russians willing to
consider the fate of Bashar al-assad
well in the first place I want to say
that Russia didn't I mean the only
precondition Russia put for this
Congress is that all parties participate
shouldn't have any preconditions for the
negotiations so secondly I think we
should look at this initiative in the
same way as at Astana in the very
beginning if you remember also the major
in real a big part of the opposition on
the ground didn't want to participate in
it but gradually they started to be
involved more and more and we all
witnessed the results and effectiveness
of Astana talks which resulted in making
ceasefire but you know you know this
collision you know you know as we know
that that was largely due to the turkish
intervention which spoke with the
opposition and told them we would like
you to go there hoping that that deal
would be conducive to a political
settlement now everyone is upset the
church themselves are saying Bashar al
Assad is a terrorist he must go he has
no future in any political settlement
okay look there the gun was saying
different things at different times he
is switching his opinions and attitudes
quite quite
often so I don't think we should take it
as a true words and true approach but
definitely it's it's it's mighty some
play behind that but of course I mean we
already have russian-iranian sticks
behind this Congress we already have
stefan de Mistura the UN serial in
Hawaii
who supports this idea and probably now
it's the discussions that he and the UN
representatives was also present in
Sochi so this is why I won't agree with
with my colleague in Istanbul that this
Congress is aimed at over kind of taking
over Geneva or replacing Geneva in no
way it has such okay go instead
quite the opposite okay mr. nadir if
this is something which had which is
going to be a parallel parallel path we
should I think give a chance to the
Russians in a way or another because
Geneva has been there for ages but with
absolutely no way out of this crisis
many considered Geneva to be a total
failure why don't we give the Russians
and opportunity I mean as long as such
he will come with an end in mind and and
it can depict a solution a sustainable
solution for Syria yes why not
because even the Russian are saying that
such is not in contradiction with the
Geneva process is complimentary but up
to now we don't see the end in mind this
crisis the solution for this crisis is
easy and difficult at the same time
because it relies on one point that is
today a point of conflict which is the
fate of mr. Assad that opened the way
for the transition period and and this
point no one up to now has been able to
resolve and actually what their Sochi or
Geneva as long as it does not tackle the
core of this issue
which is that the conflicting issue so
no such E or no Geneva or other process
will reach a happy end
okay mr. mr. areeda you remember in
Geneva even with the help of the
international community the French the
Americans the British the key players in
the Gulf country and also Turkey the
moment you got to the point of
transitional period and the future of
the country it stalled because everyone
was scared about the idea of another
Syria without Bashar al-assad how can
you convince the international community
this time that a Syria with that Bashar
al I said it's good for everyone well
the international community doesn't have
a problem with that the problem really
lies with the Russia itself had there
been Russian will towards implementing
UN Security Council solutions be they
the Geneva communique or the solution to
2:54 I think that we Geneva could have a
chance however I wanted just to refer
back to what your guest from Moscow
colleague from Moscow said regarding
Astana Stannah was meant to be a
military and humanistic matter just for
the escalation and for the detainees to
be released for sees to be lifted and
for aid to get to those besieged areas
and none of those goals were achieved as
they intended they were intended to be
unfortunately however Russia wanted to
use also the platform of Astana to
politicize it when they introduced the
constitutional Syrian Constitution in
one of the rounds and it was rejected
and it found just a stunner to be to
being not quite helpful in just going
into that political track and that's why
this suci matter was invented we can say
that national dialogue was mentioned in
two to five four but ask me who who is
supposed to carry out such a political
dialogue
it is the political transition body that
that is to be formed after a political
transition takes place Russia wants to
find a political settlement for Syria
but not through
these means and tools if it is really
when seriously and strategically
determined to find a solution it is not
through these tactics or do those three
okay through these means the circuit has
to go into these things quite seriously
and say well we need to find a political
transition and we can carry on a
political national dialogue inside Syria
rather in Sochi or in any other okay
Geneva can also find a chance sir Russia
has a real good determined well mystical
ability of do you think that the
Russians the Turks and the Iranians can
sit together said their differences
aside and work towards a comprehensive
political settlement despite the
conflicting agendas therein in Syria any
negotiations are better than their
absence
that's the first point secondly we
already witnessed that in this over 2017
Russia Turkey in Iran has managed to
reach certain agreements in which
certain successes in Syria anything it
laid the quite solid foundation for
their future discussions however as I
already indicated in the beginning that
the political track is even more complex
and more complicated than the military
one so here I won't I would expect that
the risk of increasing tensions between
Russia and Iran Russia and Turkey is
increasing and it's way bigger than
during the military phase of the
conflict as for the the prospects that
would also depend on how Russia would
push in pressure assets government
so definitely Russia is interested in
quite fast political resolution because
it needs to demonstrate its successes
okay because if it will fail if it fails
to deliver on its promises it its image
as a capable partner which can keep its
allies in Syria in Damascus in check who
would would be damaged ok mr. nahdi
let's talk a little bit about one of the
key players
little bit distancing yourself from the
Syrian community which is the United
States of America can the Americans this
time bring about a significant change to
the course of this conflict I mean
definitely since the Trump
administration came to power they
invested more militarily in Syria which
is giving them today more leverage than
they used to have before 2016 and but I
think that the American approach towards
the Syria or the Syrian solution is more
of a decentralized solution if we can
put it in these terms they are trying to
consolidate or to transform this area of
the militarization or the escalation
zone into empowering new administration
Council and but this at the same time
doesn't offer a comprehensive solution
for Syria one that take into
consideration the the Constitution and
the transient period and faith of mr.
Assad and one major impediment I think
to this solution is we have we didn't we
didn't talk about Iran's role and giving
the current international situation and
the conflict which is increasing between
the United States and Iran between Arab
state and the Iran could make a solution
Syria very challenging in the year to
come
mister Allah really this is going to be
my last question you've lost significant
ground you are undermined and you are
divided however do you see yourself in
the future sitting with Bashar al-assad
negotiating the future of your country
well in the last Geneva round the 8th
one we really wanted that to happen but
the regime run away from that
because simply it has been all along
determined for to find a solution
through military means which doesn't
work however it talks about in in the in
the media about a political solution
when in reality this doesn't suit it
because we're talking about a political
settlement means means the
implementation of UN Security Council
resolution and they talk about will it
get transition whether they whether they
want it or not thank you thank you very
much indeed mr. Lawry the mr. Alexei
Kolesnikova and mr. Sami Nadia thank you
for your presence and for your
contribution and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website
aljazeera.com and for further discussion
go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
Inside Story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is @h
a inside story for me Hashim Alvaro and
the whole team here bye for now
you
