this was where a practical joke proved
deadly and this is the suspect Tyler
Barris police in Kansas responding to a
call where a man claiming he had killed
his father and was holding the wrestlers
family hostage in the head and he's not
breathing anymore okay do you have any
weapons on you what kind of weapons do
you have I'm good I'm just pointing the
gun at them making sure they stay in the
closet my little brother are you guys
I'm doing someone over here because I'm
definitely not gonna throw it away yeah
I'm thinking about Kyrie poured gasoline
all over the house I might just on fire
okay well we don't need to do that okay
police sent a special weapons and
tactics or SWAT team to the house where
the caller said he lived but the man who
answered the door was 28-year old Andrew
Finch a father of two police unaware
that had been a prank call were taking
no chances they confronted mr. fynch
before shooting him you hear the officer
primarily that has the axe on body
camera but you have his officers from
the other side also give him commands
and they were all consistent about put
your hands up walk towards us but it
continued to drop him down by his
waistband which is a concern because
that's where people typically would put
a handgun or some type of weapon
Andrew Finch's mother says her son was
not armed with the car can't just go
around shooting people without any
consequences family was very important
to him he's got two kids that survived
him and they're missing out on a
wonderful man it's been suggested the
suspect and the victim had a dispute
during an online computer game there's
no research evidence to suggest that
video games whether they're violent or
nonviolent lead people to become more
aggressive in the real world so this
just happens to be a spurious you know
link within this situation between call
of duty and the swatting instance I did
this week the World Health Organization
brand of video game addiction a mental
health disorder
police are treating this death as a
case of swatting where instigators call
9-1-1 for position close to where their
intended victim is located Hanna
hawkster al-jazeera
