these are not images normally associated
with one of the world's most popular
tourist destinations through a
combination of consumption poor
infrastructure and practices Thailand is
one of the world's largest contributors
of ocean waste many of its beaches and
waterways are clogged with rubbish it's
also one of the region's biggest
importers of waste but it's making a
move to stop it within six months the
government says it'll ban imports of
hundreds of types of scrap electronics
in the proposal we suggest banning the
import of used electrical appliances
which totaled 432 iodized last year
Thailand imported 53 thousand tons of
e-waste which is recycled for precious
metal or plastic but it can also contain
hazardous materials this year it's
almost match that amount already a
result of China stopping some waste
imports in January in Thailand only a
few companies are licensed to import a
waste but corruption and weak law
enforcement mean a lot more is brought
into the country illegally
that should have some more investigation
in inspection to the corrupt officers
they're related to transparency
management of the particular Department
of industrial works that involve with
these kinds of busyness next on the hit
list is plastic Thailand plans to ban
plastic imports within the next two
years but like the ban on e waste the
plan is light on detail but what it may
do is focus attention on domestic
plastic use at the moment less than a
quarter is recycled or reused Thailand
has been slow to wake up to its waste
problem until the new laws are
implemented and enforced there will be
skepticism about the government's
commitment to clean up Wayne hey al
Jazeera Bangkok
