a progression of coffins inside the
Virgin Mary Church on the outskirts of
Cairo the family members of eight
different victims brought together by a
gunman killing in the name of ISIL this
is the suspected attacker it's believed
he's wearing a suicide vest first he
shot at a Christian own shop before
moving to Cairo's Coptic Mamina church
he opened fire on civilians and police
officers outside the witness said people
inside closed the doors when they heard
the shots
thank God they locked the door there are
hundreds inside if didn't close the door
on time it could have been worse than
the attack and de roda mosque in China
relative's piece together what had
happened as they met outside the
hospital one woman was killed when she
tried to help the attacker thinking he
had fallen over they say he saw a cross
dangling from her neck and shot her she
was asking him in the name of Christ
this something happened to you she was
worried about him she gives him love and
tenderness and peace it is what they
made peace with with gunfire
you made peace with gunfire as the
ambulances left the funeral with their
loved ones inside they were accompanied
by armored vehicles and a sign of
increased security for Christians here
it's the latest in a number of attacks
on the Christian minority in Egypt which
represents about 10% of the population
the problem is that there is no clear
counterterrorism and counterinsurgency
policies so far dealing with this threat
and for a while Egypt has been just
continuing the same blunders in the same
mistakes Egypt has been under a state of
emergency since April when suicide
bombings strucked who Coptic churches
killing at least 45 people on Palm
Sunday ISIL also claimed responsibility
for that attack the government deployed
more security forces outside churches
this month in anticipation of attacks
over Christmas or New Year's on during
our Christmas every
holiday every holiday their sandals
these gifts oh god your eventful Egypt's
Christians have long accused the
authorities of not doing enough to
protect them
