in one of the poorest areas of Haiti's
capital port-au-prince a place where
people live surrounded by trash and Rio
Jane is part of a resistance movement
against social inequality using art
something is nuts is not good in your
society and they were just fighting
every time someone talking about the
social economic and justice many of his
sculptures are based in what he
describes as voodoo because of the
special place the religious practice has
in Haitian history and society
voodoo is my religion religion all Asian
people because don't forget Asian people
fighting forget the freedom because the
first black country the message here is
that art can be done with anything this
culture for example are done with old
vehicle parts bottles toys and even some
of them with human remains you can see
right here this calls for example are
from the earthquake back in 2010 an
earthquake that killed more than 300,000
people the remains are from a mass grave
imported prints
showing reality is crucial or your door
says he's using old clothes and to Haiti
by foreigners in his latest painting my
objective is to show Haiti to the world
through art it is not only about voodoo
but it is showing the talent and
diversity that exists here they send us
old clothes and we send it back turned
into art this is a considered no-go zone
in the capital an area where many
foreigners do not want to go but art has
inspired some teenagers who say they
would rather use brushes instead of
weapons I would love to become a good
artist when I can paint something and do
it perfectly every year Richard Morris
brings some of the pieces from the
artist to his hotel
so tourists can take a closer look at
the movement where you live in garbage
that's the economy they have created an
economy where you and your neighborhood
your people your friends your family
that live in garbage and you have taken
this garbage and you've turned it into
beauty you have turned it into art
you've turned it into messages the work
done by resistance artists has been
displayed in museums around the world
but they say despite their success
internationally life continues to be a
struggle in the areas where they grew up
terasawa al Jazeera port-au-prince Haiti
