as Donald Trump met with heads of
government at the UN General Assembly in
New York back in Washington his own
government was reeling with speculation
about the fate of this man Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein single
tweet on social media that Rosenstein
the man overseeing the investigation
into alleged from campaign ties to the
Kremlin was resigning reporters
scrambled to find out what was going on
the president is reportedly fuming over
reports Rosenstein suggested secretly
taping Trump last year in an effort to
invoke the 25th amendment to remove
Trump from office
trove has already fired others connected
to the investigation into his campaign
including former FBI director James
Comey Deputy Attorney General Sally
Yates and deputy FBI director Andrew
McCabe at a campaign rally on Friday in
Missouri Trump suggested more could
become it there's a lingering stench and
we're gonna get rid of that too many
believe Trump was referring to
Rosenstein that led to Monday
speculation that rather than Rosenstein
resigning Trump was going to carry out
his threat the president would like
someone in that role who he sees as
loyal and personally there to protect
him not necessarily there to enact or in
fact the justice for the entire country
Trump's next move is unclear a meeting
between the two is now set for Thursday
the timing is raising eyebrows in
Washington that's the same day Donald
Trump's Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh testifies before Congress
defending himself from accusations of
sexual assault leading to speculation
that Trump's Thursday meeting with Rosen
Stein is a deliberate distraction
Kimberly hellcat al Jazeera the White
House
