hello I'm Sami Zayn and this is counting
the cost analogous zero or weekly look
at the world of business and economics
this week
flying taxis mega deals and management
shake ups we'll look at the flight plan
for global aviation in 2018 after a
turbulent year here in the Gulf also
this week arms sales they're on the rise
find out why and what that tells us
about the state of the global economy
going into the new year plus a matter of
life and death on the Nile but for which
country by Egypt's calling to the World
Bank to help settle a dispute and the
longest river in Africa as 2018 gets
underway a couple of big multi-billion
dollar deals are in play which could
change the face of entire industries now
there's one blockbuster deal that could
reshape the global aerospace industry
aircraft maker Boeing has held
multibillion-dollar talks for a takeover
of Brazil's Embraer now the deal should
it go ahead would combine the world's
largest aerospace company with the third
largest passenger jet maker the
Brazilian government would have to sign
off on it and the two players have only
confirmed they've had private talks but
the move is being viewed within the
industry as significant it would advance
a consolidation wave sweeping through
the aerospace sector now you might
remember in October European rival
Airbus secured a controlling stake in
the CSeries jet from Canada's Bombardier
and aviation was also in focus this week
here in the Middle East Tunisia is
demanding an apology from the United
Arab Emirates after the UAE ban Tunisian
women from flying to the Gulf state or
transiting its airports in retaliation
dubai-based Emirates Airlines has been
banned from operating flights to and
from Tunisia
Charlotte Palace reports
this was the scene at Tunis Airport on
Friday as women turned up for flights
the start of a UAE
travel ban against women and girls of
all ages I came here and found chaos and
they're saying Tunisian woman under the
age of 30 cannot board emirate planes I
arrived here only for a man to come and
tell me that any woman who holds a
Tunisian passport is banned from
boarding this airline two days later the
UAE explains the temporary travel
restriction as for security reasons the
Emirati Minister of State for Foreign
Affairs posted on Twitter they had
communicated security information with
Tunisia and that the UAE appreciates and
values Tunisian woman but outrage across
Tunisia and elsewhere grew with claims
of discrimination and racism
Tunisia's government took immediate
action the Ministry of Transport has
decided to suspend Emirates Airlines
flights to and from Tunisia until the
latter finds a suitable solution to
operate its flights in accordance with
international regulations and
conventions Emirates didn't respond to
our request for an interview but did
confirm via Twitter they were instructed
to stop services to Tunis my Tunisian
authorities effective December 25th
children as young as two years old were
being barred from flying I mean not many
people would consider - you're all the
threats and officials were even
informing families that even if you are
a one month old female baby you wouldn't
be allowed to fly and you wouldn't be
allowed to enter the the UAE territory
Emirates is the only airline that flies
UAE tunisia direct meaning it severed
the transport link between the countries
it's unclear if the diplomatic link will
also be cut Tunisia has been trying to
repair relations with the UAE after its
2011 revolution its biggest political
party el mata has strong ties to Qatar
currently under blockade by the UAE and
three other Arab countries Emirates will
remain suspended until Tunisia feels it
can operate within
International regulations the sudden and
vague ban that Tunisian woman face now
turned on the airline well joining us
from London is Peter Morris Peter is a
chief economist at global flight good to
have you with us now from Emirates air
flights to Tunisia to Qatar Airways
flights to some Arab destinations it
seems like we went a little ban happy in
the Middle East in 2017 how did that
impact the region as a travel hub well I
think you've probably got to take the
camera back to some extent and look at
what's happened in the industry overall
and then within it what's happened
within the Middle East and I think the
first thing it's interesting is if you
actually look at the end of last year
IATA was looking at about 5% or so
traffic growth for the year
in fact it's turned out to be more than
50% higher than that or at 7 a bit
percent so overall the global industry
has really done pretty well and profits
have maintained the same kind of level
that they had in 2016 so you know
overall the industry's feeling good
about itself however what happened in
the Middle East and there's been a
succession of issues that started with
the US administration introducing
certain visa rules followed by laptop
bans and so on all of which impacted
potential demand on an important network
for Gulf carriers in particular but
what's happened is that there's pretty
much been a handbrake stop on the kind
of levels of growth that you've seen
from 2012 to 2016 which around 10 to 15
percent or so for Etihad for Qatar and
for Emirates and those have dropped to
pretty much 1 to 2 percent or so year on
year and it's going to be even less when
you roll forward into 2018
so what extent do you think it's going
to impact those Gulf carriers in 2018
and beyond well I think what's
interesting to look at that in the
background of an industry that without
doubt those Gulf carriers profited from
the economies of scale that their Chi
and particularly developing markets to
North America Europe to Asia Pacific and
so on and so there has been a certain
degree of scrambling necessary given the
sudden changes that occurred on the
political front to try and find new
markets to adapt to the capacity that's
coming on stream will also to find ways
to slow down well I mean it's pretty
much you've got to what you're finding
is certain carriers are being excluded
from certain markets for whatever reason
and so that where they were looking at
10 12 percent growth they can't be
looking at that in fact they're looking
at no growth at all on those particular
markets so they've got to look at
alternatives now if we broaden it out a
little bit and talk a little more global
we got Airbus buying a stake in
Bombardier Boeing possibly doing the
same with Embraer is the market they're
heading towards consolidation well it's
interesting that Bombardier were pretty
well dependent on that Delta deal and if
the Delta deal fell through and
particularly if these tariffs are three
hundred percent or whatever the figure
was going to be brought in clearly we'll
make the whole deal infeasible so Airbus
to some extent have helped them out but
I think that there is a real Vantage for
Airbus in looking at having a plant
within North America that will actually
have a lower cost of operation and
either Europe or Canada so it's not just
philanthropy that's taking place by
Airbus and indeed in the case of Boeing
it's a question of whether they could be
looking at a kind of potential they
could have in terms of outsourcing
certain elements to Brazil where there's
a low labor cost and there is a highly
trained workforce as well on the
aviation but they're getting perhaps
lower production cost but ultimately
what does it mean for consumers as these
companies get bigger and bigger well I
think you're seeing a transition phase
at the moment where these Bombardier and
Embry both have kind of top-of-the-range
bottom of the
narrow-body range in terms of the kind
of standard 737 or a320 so that what
they're doing is bringing in an airplane
that's much more economic but it still
got a certain capacity limit I'm talking
about the future in Airbus is supposed
to start testing its air taxi service in
2018 we got that joint effort by Umbra
and NASA and uber they'll be testing
theirs in 2020 to what extent do air
taxis do you think represent the future
of the taxi business well I think you're
talking niche there aren't you I mean
there's been the whole sort of very
light jet phase in which you were
talking about two to six people type
jets that could operate at much lower
cost but nonetheless that's only been a
niche market
I think the economies of scale are such
that you see something happening at the
narrow-body level the sort of 150 to 175
seats and that's a kind of sweet spot in
terms of economics of operation if you
look at the wide-body that similar sweet
spots around 350 400 type seats and I
think it's very very difficult to get
the economics right when you're talking
about one pilot and possibly even two
pilots flying six people you know the
economics just don't stack again at some
point they serve line goes to be
pilotless you know is the autonomous
plane the way forward I think there's a
lot of psychological barriers probably
the technical barriers have all been
solved to some degree but the
psychological barriers for the
passengers and for the airline operating
those particular vehicles will always be
challenging to some extent you can
imagine a situation if there is some
kind of problems that occurs and the
excitement that will be in the media
about that even though you know aviation
is the safest form of public transport
but nonetheless you're going to see an
intense focus before the
pilotless aircraft are going to be
permitted no even looking at moving from
two pilots to one pilot is a
considerable challenge for airlines so
moving from one to zero it's not that
the problems are really technical the
problems are almost certainly
psychological and regulatory yeah who
wants to be talking to a machine when
they're up in the air anyway thanks so
much
okay now 2017 was the year the
driverless car entrants became a reality
we saw them being tested on roads in the
US and UK developers say more than a
million lives a year could be saved
without humans behind the wheel as
accidents would be almost eradicated
where that could also mean a loss of
millions of jobs Laurence Lee has more
in this brave new world of artificial
intelligence the first directs effects
on all our lives will be in transport
it's already begun and it will change
humanity in many ways it's well enough
known by now that driverless cars and
lorries are being trialed the future
we're told may involve our children not
having to learn how to drive please
press the automation button to place the
car in automated mode even sitting in a
simulator you feel a lack of control as
you don't grip the wheel or press the
brakes driving one for real involves a
leap of faith the engineers here are
sure the technology is good enough for
driverless travel on motorways if not in
congested cities because there's too
much going on you know that this is a
extremely busy and complex environment
with lots of potential distractors
people running across the roads so I
think that's probably too complex we've
certainly tried contemporary vehicle
automation both on the motorway and in
urban environments is they don't work at
all in urban environments and even on
motorways they require regular
interventions by human drivers the
future it seems may be a combination of
systems moving us from Port to
driverless pod monorail systems near
airports are driverless and people use
those quite happily the paths of the
cars through space would be similar to
if there were you know some physical
guide to them so I think in some cases
so long as the as the speeds are fairly
low it's probably a safe proposition
true believers in driverless transports
say we will be able to sleep or work in
our vehicle but if that sounds good it
will also mean the loss of millions of
jobs
no wonder trades unions want to know how
those jobs will be replaced we're
looking to see massive a massive
investment in electric vehicles
driverless vehicles future mobility we
need a great leap forwards it's easy to
understand this concern in the UK there
was a massive shock when car factories
which had traditionally employed
thousands of people all shut because of
foreign competition this used to be the
Jaguar factory in the West Midlands now
it's going to be a warehouse the advent
of driverless cars and wider automation
could be a far greater shock still the
British government reckons that
driverless cars could create up to
30,000 jobs in the UK which sounds ok
until you hear evidence that says that
in this part of England alone automation
could cost 300,000 jobs it becomes
pretty clear that governments like the
one in Britain either job strategy for
automation and quickly we're asked to
consider a world in which no humans at
the wheel of a vehicle means accidents
will not happen more than a million
lives will be saved every year
driverless vehicles will be on the roads
and soon but will humans whose jobs rely
on Transport accept them and can we
learn to trust the machines to safeguard
the lives of those we love still to come
on counting the cost how entrepreneurs
from a refugee camp are turning old
tents into a thriving Bank business
the River Nile is one of the world's
most important water resources nearly a
quarter of a billion people depend on it
Africa's largest hydro dam the grand
Ethiopian Renaissance dam is set to
begin filling up its reservoir in the
new year and it's not clear what that
will mean for other countries downstream
so the 4.8 billion dollar mega project
is raising massive concerns about water
rights Egypt calls it a matter of life
or death
but so does Ethiopia which needs the dam
to transform its economy and it's Ababa
says previous agreements on water
sharing are outdated and now Egypt has
asked the world bank to step in as a
neutral party we usually work and
cooperate to avoid any kind of tension
and there are some issues that should be
taken away and separated from others and
I think the water issue of Egypt Sudan
and Ethiopia should bring us together in
Union because it's the issue related to
the future and the interest of the three
countries this dam will not bring any
significant harm upon the Egyptian side
and we are working at the state of this
we are trying to be very transparent the
important thing here is that if there
are any concerns that come from the
Egyptians we are working very closely to
solve them for more interviews and
explainers on the dam and the history
behind access to NAR waters take a look
at our previous shows on hydro economics
at aljazeera.com slash county the cost
it's a story that's likely to top
government agendas in several African
countries in the year ahead
this year's Atlantic hurricane season
left a path of death and destruction in
the US and the Caribbean it cost an
estimated two hundred billion dollars in
damage coastal communities were the
worst hit severe weather has been linked
to climate change and as Jacob Ward
reports from California rising sea
levels are also something to worry about
if you live by the sea
for years scientists have been warning
us that by the end of this century
climate change will bring more storms
more forest fires and drought as well as
rising sea levels but a new report from
the Union of Concerned Scientists is
getting specific revealing the exact
neighborhoods block by block that the
Union says will be repeatedly flooded
within the next six decades Alameda in
Northern California is one of them the
San Francisco Bay Area is hopeful that
this former Naval Base could relieve its
overcrowded housing market but if the
projections are correct that is not
going to work out so this would be
underwater this would be one of the
first neighborhoods in Alameda that
would see chronic flooding due to sea
level rise
what's chronic flooding by that we mean
flooding on average every other week
every other ways right 26 times here Wow
dr. Christy Dahl co-author of the report
says that having seen the data she feels
we must rethink where we live when we
first set out to research sea level rise
we had the impression that a lot of
people do that it's something that won't
be affecting us until the end of the
century perhaps but when we started to
look at not just what's going to be
permanently underwater but what's going
to be flooded often enough that
functionally it's unusable that's when
we saw that this problem is really going
to start affecting communities decades
earlier than we had anticipated
a waterfront house has always been a
symbol of success but as the water rises
it may yet come to symbolize the very
real dangers of climate change global
arms sales are up according to the
latest reports from the Stockholm
International Peace Research Institute
its latest report shows that us group
Lockheed Martin is now the world's top
arms producer and brace it didn't seem
to have an impact on the arms sales of
British companies BAE ranks number four
on the top 100 list of global arms
producers Russia has been selling more
aggressively in the past few years and
Chinese companies too are exporting more
the report also said South Korea is
becoming a bigger player among so-called
emerging producers
earlier I spoke with Peter Wiseman
senior researcher of the arms of
military expenditure program at the
Stockholm International Peace Research
Institute I began by asking him what the
size of the global arms market tells us
about the state of the global economy I
think on one hand it's a significant in
the industry and we talk about for
example the total sales of those hundred
largest are producing companies in the
world amount to something like treater
than 75 billion a year that's a
significant amount on the one hand but
on the other hand we really look at how
that compares to other industries let's
say the car industry if we look at the
largest arms producing company in the
world which is Lockheed Martin in the
u.s. they have a turnover of about 40
billion in 2016 a company like
Volkswagen has a turnover which is
easily five times as big who thinks a
bit in perspective the arms industry is
important the arms industry has an
impact but in terms of the economical
impact it is actually not that large we
don't talk about a very large percentage
here of the world economy
other than instability what other
factors are linked or driving the global
increase in demand for arms well I think
one is the perception that military
capability is important for security a
perception which of course is it's kind
of driven it's kind of supported by the
industry itself they do what they have
to do as an industry they will try to
sell their product and try to explain
the world that their product is needed
to create stability and security on the
national or region or even the global
level and that that is a very important
factor factor here to the other one is
economic developments states that have
more to spend are tend also to spend
more on arms and finally there is of
course that that idea and I'm not saying
it is true but that is the idea that
investment in the arms industry can lead
to technological development of a
country that's a very questionable
pieces to make but I
think it still is an important one which
is being used by the arms industry to to
sell their products and finally the
plight of refugees is something that's
likely to remain a focus in the year
ahead on one country on the frontline of
the refugee crisis is of course Greece
Jonah how has this report from Athens on
how entrepreneurship is an important key
to integration while misery continues to
stalk those on the refugee route into
Europe in a little warehouse north of
Athens some lives are changing for the
better I'm happy now I'm here refugees
from Afghanistan Pakistan and Iran run a
business making bags and backpacks using
old tents and other material from the
camp they once lived in I can support my
family I could take care of my children
better as long as I have a job here I am
happy to stay here Lisa Campbell founded
the NGO that set up this business what
it does is give them a reason to be able
to stay here because they are safe here
their kids can go to school here they
have medical care here there are there
are reasons to stay in Greece if you
have a job the Greek government has
closed a number of refugee camps on the
mainland preferring to try and integrate
refugees into society all that remains
of an or fitter camp is the site map and
whatever these budding entrepreneurs
could salvage this is a pile of beds
recovered from a recently closed refugee
camp this canvas will soon be turned
into designer items it is if you like
the upcycling of the refugee crisis this
business turning a lot of misery into a
little bit of hope and happiness made in
Greece here at least the exercise in
integration is going well I think is a
great improvement for the area and
people can get to know what these
refugees and organized
are doing but Lisa Campbell knows
they're really only scratching the
surface of a much bigger problem I want
to know that I've done made a difference
in these lives and maybe the example
somebody else can pick up on maybe other
people can do the same thing to help
those thousands upon thousands of
politics but it's a start and the bags
are selling like hotcakes online and
that's our show for this week but
remember you can get in touch with us
via Twitter use the hashtag a JCTC when
you do or drop us an email counting the
cost of al jazeera dotnet
is our address there's more for you on
line at aljazeera.com slash CTC that'll
take you straight to our page which has
individual reports links and entire
episodes for you to catch up on that's
it for this edition of counting the cast
I'm Sam is a Dan from the whole team
here thanks for joining us the news on
al Jazeera is next
you
