a hit of the Qatar Bahrain match there
was talk of the players not shaking
hands before kickoff but in the end
there was an exchange of pleasantries
before the game the Gulf crisis not
influencing matters at the tournament on
this particular occasion defending
champions Qatar needed to win in order
to go through all they could draw and
hope Yemen beat Iraq the Qataris took
the lead just before half-time thanks to
a penalty by Hassan Al hey dose
but the Bahrainis hit back twelve
minutes into the second period courtesy
of a Lima dong-won one it finished and
the defending champions fate was now in
the hands of Yemen unfortunately for the
Qataris the Yemenis put up little
resistance after halftime against Iraq
Ali Hosni handed the Iraqis the lead
before Ali Fez our Tia doubled the
advantage with the penalty
with ten minutes to go luckily caramel
wrapped up a resounding three mil when
Iraq finished top of Group B and we'll
play the United Arab Emirates in the
semi-finals
Bahrain will face Oman Qatar are out and
so are the Yemenis who failed to win a
game or score a goal in Kuwait Peters
them at al Jazeera
