language class for this group of
refugees in northern Greece Jason from
Idlib in Syria has decided to seek
asylum here they'll all need Greek
anyway because he'll be here for months
or even years so slow is the bureaucracy
Jason said he wants to study and maybe
become a hairdresser core furnace a but
he's open to suggestions for work across
this country similar scenes are
happening the rest of Europe has decided
that Greece can cope more or less Greece
has got a big problem the economists and
in a hole more than 40 percent youth
unemployment and at the same time Greece
is having to deal with the brunt of the
refugee influx and the European quota
system for sharing them out has fallen
apart completely so here's the big
question if there's not enough jobs for
Greeks then what to expect refugees to
do in the absence of any other bright
ideas some people here have decided to
celebrate the new arrivals farmer
Demetrius makes sun-dried tomatoes and
grows herbes but he has a problem his
village like hundreds of others has
shrunk by half since the economic crisis
as the young people moved away their
empty houses here waiting for families
to move in to breathe new life into the
community
he'd love nothing more than refugees
from rural Syria to help him out you
think you could help each other yes
if the refugees want us to stay here we
we can do many things together so the
idea came from a local organization
working with refugees it argues that
Greece's economic crisis could be partly
solved by the refugee influx not cheap
labor but cooperative farms giving the
new arrivals an economic stake and
encourage them to stay refugees that
used to live in areas on their original
country or they have experience in
farming we think that they can also
assist the locals and the locals can
assist them in in developing a future
for both in the camps it's becoming
clear what happens when refugees can't
access the jobs market a groups are
warning of a huge spike in drug abuse by
refugees
four years in a shipping container
cannabis is sold alongside fruit on the
roadside under the noses of the police
at the camp male refugees selling their
bodies has become common as well they
are buying drugs they are some people
using heroin also or crystal in the camp
and they are just because they press and
just because to have any hope dating
here these last life of gala day life
you don't have any hope many Greeks here
claim refugees get special treatment
while they're left to suffer in poverty
there were life in the camps hardly
looks generous there are apparently no
Greeks to work the fields in his
agricultural land and to grow the
economy it's only one idea but maybe
they're starting to realize you can make
a virtue out of a crisis Lawrence Lee
al-jazeera in northern Greece
