Donald Trump has a lower approval rating
than any other president in modern times
at this point in their first terms of
office and that's bad news for members
of Congress in his own Republican Party
as they face the November 2018 midterm
elections it's very helpful they have a
popular president at the top of the
ticket but with Donald Trump at this
point with an approval rating in the
lower 30s I'm not sure how much of a
plus Donald Trump will be
dissatisfaction with Trump and the
unpopularity of his tax cut legislation
which is seen to benefit the wealthy has
created a big enthusiasm gap between
Republican and Democratic voters that
was vividly on display in recent
elections when a Democrat won the
Virginia governor's race and even more
so when Democrats turned out in large
numbers to help the Democrat doug jones
eke out a narrow win over a huge child
molester Roy Moore in the senatorial
race in conservative Alabama Democrats
are fired up
we saw some significant electoral
movement particularly among African
Americans a solid constituency for the
Democratic Party but we weren't sure
that they would be enthusiastic and both
of those contests they were very
enthusiastic and the other group that
we've been looking at in particular are
white college graduates who seen many of
whom seem very disenchanted with Donald
Trump many analysts believe Democrats
have a good chance of taking control of
the House of Representatives winning the
Senate is more difficult for Democrats
because many of them are defending seats
in states which voted Republican last
year but even control of one house of
Congress would allow Democrats to block
Trump's legislative agenda for the rest
of his term ending in 2020 overshadowing
the entire political scene is the
investigation by special counsel robert
muller of russian meddling in the 2016
presidential election if muller is able
to show collusion between the Trump
campaign and the Kremlin it would be a
political bomb
Michelle and a disaster for the
president and his party rob reynolds al
jazeera
los angeles
