this year's Turner Prize contains no
paintings no sculptures only films each
shown in their own darkened room and yet
it is the most politically charged
collection in the prizes history
Luke Willis Thompson's sixteen
millimeter films feature victims of
police violence and racial abuse
Charlotte progess poetic works shot on
her iPhone exposed sexuality and
identity one girl sees while
anthropologist Nima hymens feature film
and documentary focuses on politics in
the developing world each uses film in a
different way and while the lineup
usually generates debate about what can
be defined as art this year it's
challenging the definition of an artist
the fourth nominee forensic architecture
is a group of investigators made up of
architects lawyers journalists and
scientists they look into allegations of
state and corporate violence and they
don't consider themselves artists this
room is like stepping inside the mind of
a forensic investigator what the group
have tried to do is dissect exactly what
happened in 2017 when a bedouin villager
and an Israeli policeman killed during
the clearing of Palestinian homes in the
Negev they've used satellite images
reenactments even news footage some from
Al Jazeera
to try and determine where the blame
lies the agency open up a new dimension
to the art world and critics are keen to
embrace them forensic architecture are
almost going into the realm of what da
Vinci did because da Vinci was not just
enough artists he was also a scientist
and today if the reach were alive he'd
be part of the forensic architecture but
even the curator can't tell if the
public will appreciate so much politics
in their prize it's incredibly important
to take that we are talking to the
communities that we serve
you know Tate art we're a public
institution we own we look after the
nation's collection of artwork it is the
nation's they own it we look after it
and so we always want to know what
people think whether they love it or
hate it the Turner Prize is reflecting
major shifts in art making charlie
angela al jazeera london
