a semblance of dignity in this
this is what families here desperately
want for their loved ones
the priest tries to comfort them but the
reality is too hard for families here to
grasp the mountain gave way while they
slept
burying 30 homes and about a hundred
people in the central philippine city of
neither many of those who died were the
sole providers of impoverished families
they already had little before the
landslide now the survivors say they
have nothing for years they have been
calling on the government to stop
quarrying operations in their community
but because they were poor they say
their appeals were ignored some in the
community say recent reported fissures
on the mountain should have been a
warning sign but for me at the end of
the day I'm an account
I'm accountable to the people of Naga
but the thing is when an when a
technical agency assigned to monitor and
regulate says that a certain company is
already cleared you know what gem you
could have even you have to force
sometimes the people to evacuate but
many here say rising above a tragedy is
simply not enough we should as soon as
possible file cases against this risk
these people who are responsible we ask
ourselves is the life of a child in Naga
Worth the millions that these companies
allegedly contribute to the local
economy
these are the first batch of victims and
many more are expected for mass burial
in the coming weeks the local government
says these are the focus now rescue
retrieval and burial but this is exactly
what many families fear that everything
ends here their final resting place is
right next to the quarrying site and so
it is clear there is no escaping the
influence of powerful businesses here
the dead are too many to be buried in
one day and as they are taken to their
tombs one by one families here feel
their loved ones have been buried in
haste and they weren't given enough time
to say goodbye
jameelah Alan Logan al-jazeera Naga in
Cebu Province central Philippines
