these are some of the thousands of
people infected with contaminated blood
I had a postpartum hemorrhage I was
rushed into hospital
Jackie Britain's among those sharing her
story at the opening of a government
inquiry into the scandal in 1983 she was
given a blood transfusion after giving
birth infecting her with hepatitis C the
virus went undetected for 30 years
leading to cirrhosis of the liver I was
so traumatized once they tell you you've
got Hep C you want to know what stage
you're at I felt like I was dying and
that the next day I could have been dead
in the 1970s and 80s infected blood from
the United States was imported into
Britain some was used to make a clotting
protein called factor 8 used to treat
hemophilia it was given to sufferers
including young children to help them
live normal lives but some of the blood
was made from pooling plasma from
thousands of donors including drug
addicts sex workers and prison inmates
half of all infected hemophiliacs are
now dead that's almost three thousand
people as many as 30,000 people may have
been exposed to infections through
transfusions the victims are ordinary
people infected during childbirth or
during treatment after road traffic
accidents
husbands and wives infected each other
parents infected their children care
that was meant to have save lives has
caused devastating harm it's a sobering
thought that the consequences of what
happened then may be continuing to cause
death even now many inquiries are about
events which have happened where there
it is known exactly how many people may
have died few if any this may be the
first where deaths are continuing the
inquiry will examine how and why
contaminated blood was widely used and
investigate claims of a cover-up by
successive governments in the 1980's
former Prime Minister John Major in five
former health secretaries are under
pressure to give evidence the blood
scandal wasn't confined to Britain in
France and Japan officials and drug
companies were found guilty of
negligence
many British victims have campaigned for
years for this inquiry they want justice
Nev Parker al-jazeera London
