Russia again blames Israel for its role
in the recent downing of its jet in
Syria it's a new low in a relationship
that's endured and even thrive despite
opposing agendas on multiple fronts so
we'll Moscow curb Israel's actions in
Syria this as inside story
hello and welcome to the program
I'm Elizabeth puranam Russia is the main
ally of Syrian President Bashar al-assad
who Israel has repeatedly targeted
Russia sells arms to Iran and supports
the nuclear deal would Tehran which
Israel has vociferously lobbied against
but Russia and Israel had steered clear
of confronting each other that changed
last Monday when Syrian government
forces mistook a Russian reconnaissance
plane for an Israeli jet and shot it
down
killing all 15 people on board the
Russian Defense Ministry says Israeli
fighter jets deliberately used the
Russian plane as cover we'll get to our
guests in a moment but first here's more
of what the spokesman had to say I would
like to emphasize the fact that these
religions saw the Russian il 20 and used
it as a shield against the anti-aircraft
missiles while they carried on
maneuvering in the region the misleading
information provided by the Israeli
officer about the area of strikes did
not allow the Russian I and 20 aircraft
to move timely to a safe area the
presented objective data testified that
the actions of Israeli fighter pilots
which led to the loss of life of 15
Russian servicemen either lack
professionalism or
we're an act of criminal negligence to
say the least
well the Israeli military insists that
it's not to blame saying it did not hide
behind any aircraft Russia though is
calling Israel's actions and extremely
ungrateful response to the operational
deals that the two sides have struck in
Syria and now Moscow is supplying Syria
with its sophisticated s-300
anti-aircraft missile system which had
had held back for many years let's take
a closer look now at the relations
between Russia and Israel Moscow
reportedly struck a deal with Israel
this year keeping Iranian and Lebanese
Hezbollah fighters away from the
israeli-occupied Golan Heights and it's
allowed dozens of Israeli air strikes
inside Syria despite having a base there
with radars and surface-to-air missiles
that could intercept air strikes
military coordination has come with a
warm relationship between Israeli Prime
Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Russian
leader Vladimir
and ezreal has stayed away from Western
sanctions on Russia
well let's introduce our guests now
joining us from Moscow the Samuel Romani
a specialist on Russia and Middle East
relations and a contribution at the
Russian International Affairs Council
think-tank in Muscat is who Xiang Hassan
yari a professor of military and
international relations at Sultan Qaboos
University and in Tel Aviv is our
sovereign now the journalists at
Tarrance newspaper and it's former World
News editor a very warm welcome to all
of you mr. Ramani let me start with you
in Moscow the strongest condemnation so
far from the Russian Defense Ministry
how serious and impact do you think this
incident has had on Russia Israel
relations I think that this has had
quite a serious impact on Russia Israel
relations because ever since the
September of 2015 there's been informal
agreement between the Russians and the
Israelis of the Israelis do not violate
the deconfliction zone in exchange for
the Russians working in lobbying with
their allies Iran and Hezbollah to
ensure that no attack has been made on
Israel from Russia's position they
believe that they have upheld the
bargain but they believe that Israel has
not and this breach of trust has created
quite a significant rift particularly
within the Russian defence ministry
according to some of my contacts in the
ministry honey mr. Rennell the two
accounts the two countries accounts just
don't add up
Israel does not agree at all with the
Russian defence ministry statement
what's going on here I think that first
of all they both countries are known for
not always sticking to the actual actual
tools especially when regards to
military actions but in this case at
least as most of if not all experts in
Israel and military experts the Israeli
version seems more reliable the Israeli
had no interest in provoking the
Russians to causing any harm to the
Russians because they know that they
realized relying on the Russians to
continue the
free reign in the Syrian airspace so it
seems that the situation is a bit more
complex I think in my perspective that
the Russians are using this this
incident first of all to transfer blame
from themselves and from the allies
there are Russian experts that are
sitting inside the Syrian air defense
plateaus and they are helping them so
maybe there was even Russian involvement
in shooting the missiles so they are
trying to divert blame for the death of
their soldiers and also the situation in
Syria is changing now a Assad regime is
almost secured in secured and it
controls almost all of the all of all of
Syria and the Russians are now trying to
change the playground to redefine the
rules of engagement in Syrian airspace
which into the past six years these
rallies have been doing all they wanted
in the Syrian airspace attacking any
target that they wanted this according
to the force of hundreds of airstrikes
and now the Russians are trying to
redefine the words and saying that the
Israelis cannot act as freely as they
did in the past and this incident fits
them very well
to change this situation mr. Hassan yari
is that what's going on here and Russia
is using this unfortunate incident to
change the rules of engagement in Syria
as the war comes to an end that might be
the case but I believe relationship
between Russia and Israel they work very
very well as my colleagues mentioned in
the past many years Russians almost
turned their head the other way that the
Israelis take care of the Iranian forces
and the Hezbollah as they wanted to
I think this bad mistake by the Israelis
if the Moscow's version is correct this
mistake by the Israeli is not to
coordinate better with the Russians is
going to cost the Israel dearly we
should not forget that in the past a few
months the Israeli
conducted so many attacks on the Iranian
forces in in Syria and Hezbollah as well
without any kind of intervention by the
by Russians actually I believe that
Russians open the door for the for the
Israelis to do that that and that door
might be about to close because just
today we had the Russian Defense
Ministry announcing that they're going
to now the Russian government announcing
that they are now going to supply it the
Syrian government would these and
anti-missile defense systems that they
previously hadn't mr. Ramani is this to
keep Russian planes safe or to curtail
Israel's freedom of movement in Syria I
think this is a two-prong message
firstly it is to keep our Russian Jets
safe because they've argued that the
s200 radius and zone of influence is
inadequate and the s-300s can extend to
250 kilometers they should give them a
greater degree of security but I also
think that this is a warning shot that's
being fired at Israel much like the way
Russia did not react very strongly to
the Americans allegedly killing 300
Russian mercenaries a few months back
Russia is basically trying to warn
Israel that if there's another violation
of the deconfliction zone there will be
serious consequences and making an
unprecedented step by delivering
equipment that was only been used by the
Russian military to another force and
then one of Israel's archenemies Bashar
al-assad is a very clear way of making
that warning shot
mr. Brunel how do you think Israel is
going to respond now to these
anti-missile defense systems being
deployed to Syria as well as former
military intelligence chief amasi adilyn
has said that he assumes that the Air
Force will destroy the s-300 if it's
hand handed over to Syria what do you
make of that I think that the the
situation in Syria has become more
complicated for the Israeli Air Force
previous declarations and reports formed
inside the Israeli army indicate that
the Israelis believe they can walk
around the s-300 if it is deployed in
Syria and still achieve their goals it
might be more complicated it might be
more risky but they will achieve their
goals
Israel in the past clarified that every
defense system that is attacking its
Jets will be attacked and as it happened
in the past and so the possibility I'm
not sure that it would be a pre-emptive
attack but if those systems would be
activated against Israeli Jets it is
very likely that there is a Israeli Jets
will attack them in return and destroy
them which is also which might create
even a more complicated situation
because last time the Russians discussed
their supplying this 300 to Syria they
also warned anyone from trying to attack
those systems so there is a very the
chances for further complications is
going going and the situation is getting
even more blood I don't think that the
Israelis will let go of shaving their
goals which is according to these really
statements and reports and everything to
limit the Iranian presence military
presence in Syria and the transport of
advanced weapons a form Iran to pour
Iranian militias in Syria and to the
Hezbollah in Lebanon mr. Hassan yari
gets so given that you know so Israel is
going to continue with its operations
Russia now could be trying to I mean is
it going to try and limit Israel's
operations or engage with it more you
know engage in more diplomatic
coordination in Syria how is it going to
use this incident as leverage
I think this incident could be really a
turning point in the situation in Syria
but also in what the Israelis can do in
the future we should recall also what
the men were the Ministry of Defense in
the in Moscow said that they are going
to integrate their defense the entire
system be the Syrians it means that the
Russians the soldiers will be with the
Syrians the operating s-300 and that
will make it extremely difficult really
for the Israelis to attack such a system
knowing that the Russians are going to
be implicated and so all of that to say
in the absence of any kind of Russian
agreement to let the Israelis do
basically what they wanted to do we are
going to see a situation much much more
complicated than before and that is
going to serve obviously the Iranian
interest in Syria the Syrian government
and Hezbollah and consequently we limit
I believe the margin for the Israelis to
maneuver as they used to the Israelis do
have some considerable leverage with the
Russians though mr. Ramani how much
action you know can Russia take against
Israel given things like we heard from
Israeli Minister Avigdor Lieberman
earlier this year who was very quick to
remind Russia that you know Israel
didn't join in Western sanctions against
Russia for its actions in Crimea it
didn't kick Russian ambassadors and
diplomats out of its country like a lot
of other countries dead following the
poisoning of the former Russian spy in
England I think Israel as many points of
leverage with regards to Russia first of
all and most at most proximate is that
Israel can launch another set of
airstrikes against Assad's alleged
military defenses or against Iranian
military defenses in southern Syria that
could kill many Iranian Revolutionary
Guard members who are vital for Russia's
military campaign like may 10th
that's the most proximate example in
other ways is there Israel's important
to Russia because it's a major trade
partner in the Middle East it's also a
very important partner for Russia's
broader collective security goal Russia
wants to be involved ideally in
mediating and engaging in dialogue on
one of two major conflicts Israel and
Iran Iran in Saudi Arabia I'm trying to
leverage the strong relations with all
these powers if the relationship between
Israel and Russia were to be breached
it's broader diplomatic goals for a long
term
foothold in the Middle East should be
greatly diminished
so I think that maintaining a good
relationship with Israel is paramount
and that ultimately Russia will probably
try to warn and gradually chastise
Israel rather than cut off relations or
escalate more drastically because this
isn't want retaliation from Jerusalem
but will Russia mr. Ramani continue to
you know turn the other way as it has
been so far in this conflict it doesn't
sound from like it's going to at all
from what our other guests are saying I
think that the Russian Defense Ministry
certainly will be a lot more aggressive
towards Israel for a period of time and
Russia could retaliate by potentially
not supporting Israel on UN resolutions
about the settlements it could retaliate
by more directly providing a military
assistance to Iran that could be
threatening and quite scary for Israel I
think in the very long term if you're
looking past a few months I think
ultimately there'll be some kind of a
normalization that some kind of a
consensus will be reached regarding
deconfliction and this kind of crisis
will ultimately simmer down with a
warning that if Israel violates the
deconfliction zone again the
consequences will be much more severe
mr. Vidal what do you make of that is
this just you know a minor hiccup in the
historic relationship between these two
countries I think that first of all the
relations are bigger than a Syria and
they think that as we've been said
before Israel has ability to help Syrian
interests in the region and around the
world and I think also it was to
reminding that the Iranians and Russians
are fighting the same side in Syria but
their interests are not always the same
in a way there is been a competition
between a Iran and Russia about the
their presence and their influence over
the Syrian regime over the Assad regime
once the war is over right now and once
the war is over and I'm not sure that
Putin and the Russian military was very
unprofessionally were attacking Iranian
targets in Syria so it was past six
years because in a way as long as it
didn't help the direct military effort
of the Assad regime regime it helped it
might have helped a Russian interest in
limiting the Iranian presence in Syria
which you can claim that the Russians
are not completely happy with it because
they want to be the hegemony force the
only
manic force in Syria or at least the
most important force in Syria and
limiting a Iranian presence there via
Israeli airstrikes was a could have been
seen as useful and I'm not sure this
equation changed so much I think that
still there is a struggle between Russia
and Iran about who will control Syria
once the war is over
and I think the Russians will want to
you might want to continue using these
early airstrikes as a tool in this
struggle mr. Hassan yari what do you
make of that as Russia using Israeli air
strikes as a tool in the conflict and
also how long do you think we'll the
Syrian government continued to also
essentially allow Israel to carry out
attacks on its allies on here on on
Hezbollah targets on its territory there
is no doubt that Tehran is very very
upset about what Russians are doing
really in Syria and also there their
complacency toward the Israeli attacks
for example Iranians are in Syria
because Syria is for them it's an
strategy array that they want to be
there they need Syria in order to reach
Lebanon Hezbollah and the border with
Israel the Iranians are not going to be
pushed out very easily but what the
Russian president said in the past a few
months that all foreign forces should
leave Syria was received a very
negativity in Tehran so this is why I
believe it was from day one it was a big
mistake by Tehran to put all its eggs in
the in the Russian side of the equation
and consequently now they have to they
have to reject it but what is important
and if we make a connection between the
recent incident and the past many years
of
nuclear negotiations Russians always use
the Iranian Court to put pressure on the
US on Europeans and get concessions from
there and I believe if they are going to
do the same thing here on one hand the
Iranians because of the of the isolation
they need Russia Russian backing your
Russian Orange more than before and on
the other hand they cannot completely go
the way that the Russians do not agree
with so this is why the Iranians are
cornered and the Russians are using this
situation in order to consolidate their
presence and their domination in the
region and so I believe with the
American retreat with the Russians
digging in the region we are going to
see a reconfiguration of the
geostrategic a map of of the region
where Russians are going to be
determinant and then the others are
ready other states are going to be used
by Russians wherever the Russians
interested state that so mr. bomani I
mean that sounds like it's good news
from Russia whichever way you look at it
you know it can balance all these
different interests with Iran with Syria
with Israel because of the power that it
has right now yes Russia's given itself
a position of indispensability and it
will remain an enduring to the doctrine
of having no problems with your
neighbors basically a perfect
application of that doctrine by working
with both Israel and Iran it's also
important to keep in mind that at the
Helsinki summit Putin acknowledged
behind the scenes that he has really no
leverage over Iranian presences in
southern Syria so there are large
disagreements between Iran and Russia
over Syria and other crises - like Yemen
and Afghanistan I could make that
relationship considerably weaker along
with the economic competition over
natural gas I think that it's important
to keep in mind that Russia will
probably hedge in the Middle East
balance BCD escalate with Israel
eventually keep a good relationship with
Iran rather than picking size because
hedging is the best strategy for its
overall
Jupiter
Genda mr. Rennell what do you make of
that is Russia going to be able to
balance all of these often opposing
interests I think that the chances for
further complications greater than they
used to be a on the one hand but they
think that there is no other superpower
that will be able to stop Russia from
doing whatever it wants you the American
soul almost insignificant in Syria there
are only energy so we were taught the
destroying what's left of the Iran
nuclear deal if you were talking about
the Middle East policy there isn't much
left more than that I think that there
is the auction going chances for further
complications on a tactical level and
but I agree that in the long run the
Russians will continue balancing will
continue bracing the different interests
of the different powers that they are
dealing with in the Middle East for
their own gains but still the question
is whether they will allow Iranians to
continue entrenching militarily in Syria
against Israeli wishes and what will and
will they allow the Iranians to do it
under the new limitations that they will
apply on the Israeli activity in Syrian
airspace and how will they is react
because I don't think that Israelis will
let go of their interest of stopping
running presence in Syria a if the
Russians will accommodate that which is
not unlikely then the situation will
continue in this balance but it is a
fragile balance and the Russians will
have to continue playing very
sophisticated diplomatic and esoteric
means to keep it sure and mr. Hassan
yari
you know as Russia continues to gain
whoelse gains in this situation in this
situation I believe the new friends of
Israel in the region they are going to
have some some difficulties really to do
whatever they run what the positioning
themselves in the region for example
Saudi Arabia and rapprochement with with
Russia was seen very negatively by Iran
if this confrontation between or if this
dispute with the Israelis get out of
hand and Russians pushes they try to
push the Israeli somehow to corner them
then that would also create some
uncomfortable situation for for Syria so
I believe that the those who gain from
this situation in the region or not too
many obviously Assad is not a very
popular president among the Arabs in the
region many of them they don't want to
see Assad in power but also they don't
want to see Iranian interference in in
Syria in the Arab capital there are
affairs as they call it and consequently
the situation will be quite different
this is why I am talking about a
reconfiguration of the of the region and
in this new region Russia is going to
have an upper hand for how long we don't
know unless the Americans they get back
and then they try to play there is a
historical and traditional relay role
mr. Hassan yari thank you very much for
that unfortunately we have run out of
time but I'd like to thank all of our
guests Samuel Romani in Moscow cochon
Hassan yari in Muscat and a surfer now
in Tel Aviv and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
any time by visiting our website
al-jazeera calm and for further
discussion to go to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com /aj inside story you
can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is at aj inside story
from the Elizabeth puranam and the whole
team here bye for now
you
