for most the apology is decades overdue
a five year inquiry which ended last
year heard from thousands of victims who
as children suffered sexual abuse by
people they were supposed to trust
priests in churches teachers in schools
carers in orphanages coaches in sports
clubs the stories of what they inflicted
are appalling
today Australia confronts a trauma an
abomination hiding in plain sight for
far too long
there were so many survivors as most
prefer to be called that a ballot was
held to get into Parliament to hear the
apology others watched outside Damien
DeMarco fought off a Catholic teacher
who tried to abuse him and he saw the
teacher abused others
DeMarco was selected to hear the apology
in Parliament but last week he was weary
of what would be said yeah I would like
to hear what they have to say and and
what they plan to do to ensure that it
doesn't repeat itself after hearing the
apology
DeMarco approved of the tone and nature
which is fantastic that they were saying
this isn't the end this is the beginning
this is the beginning of a new era
hopefully where people in positions of
authority replace the interests of the
children before their own personal
religious interest during his two
speeches and meeting people on the lawns
outside Parliament Scott Morrison was at
times heckled some feel he's a hypocrite
that what his government is currently
doing to refugee children held on the
prison island of Nauru is a new form of
child abuse others feel this apology is
too little too late
hundreds of people were here in person
to hear the apology but thousands were
not many died before they got the chance
to hear an apology to them by an
Australian Prime Minister a chair was
left empty at the front of the hall to
symbolize them and many others boycotted
the apology altogether some feel angry
that institutions such as the Catholic
Church can
you to receive hundreds of millions of
dollars of taxpayers money to run
schools and that compensation schemes
don't go far enough what are we doing
for their families nothing sorry only
goes so far
Andrew Thomas al-jazeera Canberra
