China has decided it no longer wants to
be the world's rubbish collector and
that's causing big problems for the
global waste industry for decades nearly
half the world's waste has been sent to
China to be processed but new government
regulations have put a stop to the
import of millions of tons of low-grade
plastics which now need to find a new
destination Ben's cost recycling
business in the Netherlands shipped half
of its plastics to China since the
changes he says he's forced to bring
twice as much as he used to for
incineration for me as a recycling it's
it's a shame of course like I said it
was at least 70% inside these bills
which can be recycle more than 70% and
now yeah they're not allowed to import
anymore and we're not allowed to export
what other countries wanted to get rid
of China saw as raw material for its
growing economy the Dutch port of
rotterdam was the gateway sending ways
to cross the ocean to asia was cheaper
than processing it in europe we buy a
lot of goods from china telephones
laptops plastic goods and so we buy them
and then they arrive here by ship those
containers that are empty and so it's
very cheap at that moment to fill them
with our plastic waste that comes from
the same goods and send it back to China
every year Europeans generate 25 million
tons of plastic waste of which only 1/3
is collected for resizing now of that
third the Netherlands would only recycle
the high quality plastics for decades
the low quality plastics were shipped
off to China now that's no longer an
option so what does Europe do instead
the EU lack of capacity to recycle its
own plastics is now beginning to show
more waste is getting burned dumped in
landfills and even illegally disposed of
the basic problem of plastics is take
they come in very many varieties but
there's hope some scientists think this
could be a wake-up call for the industry
forcing companies to use material that's
easier to recycle if you look at the
plastics that are produced today they
are dramatically complex to to to
recycle and if something doesn't get
recycled then a lot of it ends up into
the environment in recent years across
Europe new technologies have been
developed to tackle the plastic problem
the director of this Dutch startup says
it's becoming possible to keep using the
plastic that's already out there you can
do the Anglosphere
with this technique we can endlessly
reuse plastic waste it means you don't
have to produce new plastics anymore in
the end you won't even need oil anymore
it's not clear if we can recycle our way
out of the plastic crisis we've created
but by closing its doors to the world's
waste at least China made other
countries take responsibility for a
problem they've long shipped off their
Shores
Florence / al-jazeera Amsterdam
