brexit has been allocated a time slot of
just two and a half hours of Labor's
annual conference but it's dominating
all the other issues here in interviews
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn continues to
stress his preference for a good deal
with Europe and not necessarily with the
UK still inside the EU well if it's a
general election we're in office we
would go straight to the negotiating
table because we want to protect jobs
and industries in this country we want
to ensure there is a good effective
trade relationship with Europe in the
future more than 5,000 pro-eu
demonstrators marched through Liverpool
on Sunday calling for a people's vote in
other words a second brexit referendum
on whatever deal emerges from the
ongoing UK EU negotiations and they want
the option of stopping brexit altogether
once we know what the deal is and what's
on offer I think people are entitled to
have a say as to whether they accept it
and I think they're entitled to have on
that ballot paid for the option of
remaining in the EU we need to have a
say on what we're actually being offered
because there is no deal and no deal is
it's just a complete catastrophe it is
so bad for this country pressure for
another breakfast referendum a so-called
people's vote is clearly growing but the
dilemma for the Labour Party a
conference here in Liverpool is to
decide whether the wishes of its
membership tally would be wider wishes
of labour supporters across the country
and indeed whether the country as a
whole would regard another referendum as
a great betrayal those concerns seemed
evidenced by the random sample of people
we spoke to away from the March who
showed little affection for the EU and
no enthusiasm at all for a new vote they
had their boat
why spend all the money on a second one
to be honest I don't think it won't move
under its demo democratically what what
we did up it sure it should be gutted
not another one yeah yeah say anything
yeah just get on with it get your heads
down and make an agreement it's done
that's it
I'm promising to abide by the wishes of
his party members mr. Corbin stops
significantly short of personally
supporting a second referendum he wants
to keep his options open for as long as
possible
Paul Brennan al Jazeera Liverpool
