in America Francisco macías my name is
Miguel Francisco macías I'm the person
that painted the replica of the Sistine
Chapel here in Mexico it took me 18
years to finish it and today we are very
happy celebrating a festival I thought
if it took Michelangelo 4 years it's
going to take me about six or seven but
I didn't have any money so it took a lot
longer I did it so that many people who
may never go to Rome could have a little
piece of European art a little of the
Renaissance of Michelangelo that we can
admire one of the greatest and most
beautiful works in the world well people
did not know what it was so they said
how's this possible how come there are
paintings of naked people in the church
I've showed them the pictures and people
started to understand because they
didn't know what the Sistine Chapel was
you can see the canvases are very large
they're full of detail I had to divide
it into 14 canvases 3 meters by 50
meters copying is very difficult coming
up very difficult because I have to walk
in Michelangelo's shoes belonging do the
same brushstrokes
they said it's crazy are you crazy
because really without help without
being paid without nothing what are you
going to do I'm very grateful to all the
people who helped I would have done half
of it on my own
that's the help I received from God he
did not send angels with wings but young
people who supported me and felt the
same way I did I'm not moved by money I
need it but I don't do things to get
money it's something inside something
bigger than my wealth because this is a
moral commitment I didn't sign any
papers like I've said before this is not
my work it is the work of God nothing
else I am just this instrument nothing
more
