she has dropped the lepen name but mario
marichal is part of France's famous
far-right political family her and his
marine lepen leader of the
anti-immigration National Front party
Marechal quit elected politics last year
to embark on a new venture opening a
conservative Institute called esup in
the French city of Lille she didn't
accept the idea of ISA has to offer an
alternative education one that will
train new leaders in politics or
economics with a new approach elites who
are patriotic in rooted and culture and
history there are 60 students at ISA and
more than a dozen lecturers for Marichal
a former MP the school is another way of
doing politics in different moral yoni
doesn t fit pretty teach us today we are
seeing a moral and political
capitulation in this country there's a
sense that France is weak and no longer
wants to be powerful
we are not political activists our
teachers and not elected officials that
we have a political approach in the
noble sense because politics for me is
serving the community student Eric tech
Nair is a young Parisian entrepreneur
involved in right-wing politics what if
in legal documents most business schools
teach the same thing ultra capitalism
the destruction of the family
multiculturalism
Mariama Rochelle is afraid that service
of Education to create patriotic leaders
in the face of unbridled liberalism but
critics of the Institute say it's a
thinly disguised training camp for the
far-right party of the far-right that
wants to train managers candidates and
activists and bypass a university system
run by people with beliefs that they
despise ecept location in leo is not by
chance the ancient Gauls made this their
capital so did the resistance for those
looking for French roots they run deep
here mario Marechal says that her
Institute isn't about selling her
political ideology but anti racism
campaigners here in Leone disagree they
say the school is propagating far-right
ideas in an attempt to give them Mae
stream acceptability creating this
school allows the far-right to spread
their ideas and teach students to
communicate them they're taught which
messages work and which don't they learn
propaganda which is what you would
expect from a political party but not a
school Marichal wants to make France
great again to do so she'll need the
support of a new elite power has so far
eluded her aunt a fresh spin on
far-right politics could put it within
her grasp
Natasha Butler al Jazeera Leo France
