this is what it feels like to find your
loved one among the bodies pulled from
the water and the most here is the same
story that he lucky one survived
warga-arias ah the failure of a tank
very fast uncovered ass I was lucky that
I was able to swim under the water not
knowing where I was swimming as I was
swimming to safety I found a number of
metal bars that cut my face and back of
my head a fairy made for a hundred
people had more than twice that on board
who was coming in to dog when it
capsized on Thursday in the following
hours 40 people were rescued alive since
then rescue workers have been recovering
the dead then nearly two days after the
boat tipped not imaginable one more
survivor found the boats engineer who
was trapped underneath Navy divers heard
him knocking and pulled him out people
here wondering how he was allowed to
happen and it's not the first time
ferries capsized in 2011 and 2012
between the Tanzanian mainland and the
islands of Zanzibar hundreds died boats
are often in poor condition and
overloaded there is a need for
regulation to make sure that the captain
knows exactly how many people he hasn't
born in to limit the number of people
and then there is another effort to do
in terms of rescue capacities especially
for capsizing accident where it's really
really fast here on the Ugandan side of
the lake the regulations say that all
boat passengers are meant to wear
lifejackets we've been given some to
ride in this boat although not in
brilliant condition you can see some
more over here
but often there aren't enough to go
around it's difficult for the
authorities to enforce the rules the
lakes fast about 300 kilometers long the
waterways are crucial for trade but
everyone here is working on a tight
budget
boats are kept running
for decades before they retired this one
stopped running after it collided with
another in 2005 back in Tanzania
relatives wait for the bodies of loved
ones a whole community deeply
traumatized the president's ordered the
boats operators to be arrested that even
if they face justice it won't bring
loved ones back
Malcolm Webb al-jazeera port bell Uganda
