opinion polls suggest he's ahead by some
margin the former military offices
support growing largely because he's
promising to be tough on crime some of
right-wing candidates today abortion ro
supporters appear to have taken that
message into their own hands
by directing their violence against any
groups that don't conform to their
ideals the boys this hour with this wave
of fascism with people who share fascist
ideals I as a transsexual man felt kind
of unsafe walking down the streets or
visiting places one might be in the
threat especially in the city center
where there many people who share those
fascist ideals and think that we should
be exterminated there have been attacks
across brazil against black people
journalists homosexuals and supporters
of Workers Party candidate for an and/or
that yeah we think that putting together
all the data regarding the attack that
we've been facing will give society more
evidence to support a different speech
and also to act against hate speech
against intolerance we think that people
don't want to have a society where
violence is the the rule is the
standards a journalist attacked in the
southern city of Curitiba this stunts
were youngster wearing a t-shirt
opposing bolson ro and this man accused
of theft by a crowd chanting bolson
arroz named violence against minorities
is nothing new in Brazil but in the
current climate it's on the rise with
the perpetrators often feelingly have
the freedom the impunity and sometimes
even the encouragement from the very top
to carry out their attacks the violence
has not all been one way also not all
himself survived a stabbing while
campaigning in September according to
this candidate the other should be
eliminated the different should be
eliminated this is terrifying we know
that some minorities are already
organizing themselves but they should
intensify this work even more both
candidates have appealed for calm but
too late for these supporters are
popular capoeira dance and martial arts
instructor
Mourdock attending killed in a fight in
salvador after he expressed his
opposition to balsan ro the campaign
will intensify in the next few days and
for some the fear to vanish wagner al
jazeera Sao Paulo
