Anwar Ibrahim thank you for joining me
on upfront this year has been a bit of a
roller coaster for you hasn't it in May
you were released from prison after
three years behind bars on what are
widely considered to have been
trumped-up charges your opposition
coalition defeated the ruling BN
coalition for the first time in 60 years
and is now in charge and you're widely
considered to be the prime minister in
waiting did you think six months ago
that this is where you'd be today
certainly not Mehdi I was optimistic
that we will secure victory but I did
not envisage this much enthusiasm
expressed by the Malaysians and the fact
that now I'm a free man and you're not
just a free man you're the de facto
leader of Malaysia's new ruling
coalition the packet on harapan
coalition you've joined forces with
Mahathir Mohamad the former prime
minister now prime minister again who's
gone from being your ally to your arch
enemy to your ally again he's the man
who supported your first conviction and
imprisonment on these ludicrous
corruption and sodomy charges many we
said were politically motivated how can
you trust a man like that how can you
work again with a man like that mother
is now 92 he came up to me and said
Anwar let's work together to save the
country and rid the country of
corruption abuse of power I took time it
is not a personal arrangement between
Anna and mother but he has shown
remarkably well in terms of defending
and the reform agenda and now he's shown
his commitment to the reform and I have
no reason to suspect other motives
because at that age with that commitment
I think we should then allow him and for
the last four month we have been proven
right he seems to be consistent
effective and that's why I and the party
support him totally you say you support
him totally the coalition's plan I
believe is that he will remain Prime
Minister for one or two years and then
cede the Premiership to you not only
does that make your prime minister in
Waiting it also means that all of your
future is dependent on basically maja
Tia's goodwill on my heart is sticking
to his word what makes you so confident
that he'll step down because even he
said it's not fixed in stone it's not
kind of written in blood there's no way
you can force him to stand down if he
doesn't want to if he wants to stay on
till he's 100 you continue to harass him
when he's going to resign naturally his
response would be let me stay I have a
task to perform but what is important
Maddie is there was a written agreement
sign in 2015 by all the leaders and I
see no reason why I should even demand
or harass him to resign earlier because
I think what he's doing now is important
and I have at least some latitude myself
to go around mean old friends relax a
bit say there's a free man you see and
relaxing and yet when you were released
in May you said you weren't interested
in a cabinet position in my hot Air's
government you said quote you wanted to
take some time with the family some
space you said you know you wanted to go
on speaking tours and yet now you've
announced you're gonna run for
Parliament in a by-election what changed
your mind you say you wanted to relax
but it looks like you're desperate to
get back into politics quickly and I
guess be Prime Minister sooner than
later Mandy I was imprisoned total to 10
and a half years what'd you do read and
relax now a four month passes the last
elections and I think it's time for me
to the enter Parliament to assist in
parliamentary reform my understanding
with Mahathir is that you conduct the
affairs of the state
let me then ensure that parliamentary
reform is effective as of today
September 2018
who do you think the majority of
Malaysians would prefer to be there
Minister you Anwar Ibrahim or Mahathir
Mohamad with there's no surveys
conducted by I'm happy that Mahara is
now the prime minister he has an a major
task he has we need a tough a firm
leader for now and he's doing extremely
well I wouldn't mind if Melissa's
generally endorsed that I think is
immensely popular and I would grin that
I don't have qualms about it I don't
need to be an apologist to suggest
otherwise it's been called one of the
world's biggest financial scandals the
1mdb scandal in which former Prime
Minister Najib Razak who has supporter
of your second imprisonment he was
arrested this week again over additional
charges of abuse of power maja tear is
called it an almost perfect case against
Najib who's also facing charges of
bribery theft of government funds
embezzlement Mahanta says he holds the
jeep totally responsible for the 1mdb
scandal do you as well yes I first
raised this issue in Parliament in 2011
and I had stood by it
throughout the years till I was arrested
and imprisoned in 2015 the Najib was
responsible he chaired many dis meetings
he instructed clearly the authorities
and to then disburse the funds and it is
atrocious I mean this one the worst
financial scandals involving any
government and it is therefore
imperative that actions stiff action be
taken but then since this is new
government have said and assured
investigations will be professional
prosecution must not be malicious and
the judiciary must be independent so we
have to wait people were getting
impatient but then we had to wait we
have to go by the due process and the
law as someone who's been tried and
convicted twice of sodomy a sentence
that can lead up to 20 years in prison
I can eat a whipping under Malaysian law
you told the Wall Street Journal back in
2012 the
sodomy laws are quote archaic that they
should be amended you said quote it's
not my business to attack people or
arrest people based on their sexual
orientation do you still stand by that
will Malaysia be repealing its sodomy
laws once you're Prime Minister yes I've
said it I maintain this this is a not
only archaic it is British colonial laws
introduced in India and replicated in
Malaysia
it is completely unjust because one can
be dis accused and without any proper
evidence or in my case clearly but then
what's important is if we have a case
against homosexuality then it must be
done in a transparent manner the laws
must be amended to secure to ensure this
justice in the process and it's not a
matter of sexual orientation is what you
perform or you display publicly which is
against the norms of majority of
Malaysians not only Muslims Christians
Hindus Buddhists alike in this country
okay well on that note you say you
rightly say that it's a British colonial
law and yet last month I mean there is a
Muslim angle as well so many would say
last month the Deputy Prime Minister one
Aziza
who also happens to be your wife was
quoted as saying it is Haram it is
forbidden for Muslims to support the
LGBT community or their fight for
equality in Malaysia that they must keep
their practice behind closed doors just
a couple of days earlier you were quoted
as saying if people have their own
sexual orientation it's up to them who
should Malaysians especially Muslim
Malaysians listen to on this issue the
Deputy Prime Minister your wife or the
Prime Minister in waiting you as is an
intelligent leader in her own right what
she said precisely was that the sexual
act is Haram and that is not disputed in
any Islamic texts or religious texts I
don't see a contradiction within my
views and hers on
this we both I have condemned the even
the caning of lesbians by the Islamic
party state of trango no because I
thought this clearly unjust although
they use Sharia as a basis we cannot
defend such ok action ok I want to ask
about your relationship with Turkey's
President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in a
recent interview you described her
honest quote the most popular leader
among Muslims of Malaysia and outside
Malaysia because of his position on
Palestine on what happened in the Middle
East you said quote very few leaders of
the world would have that courage to go
and fight for justice like him so does
that mean that when your Prime Minister
you'll be governing in a similar way to
other one is he your role model as a
leader he's a friend I support some of
these policies and I think given the the
atrocious conditions in the Muslim world
run by dictators I think it is something
a breath of fresh air to see the
successes in Indonesia and in Turkey and
in Assam who is hopefully Imran Hahn in
Pakistan so I'm looking at that we in
the positive manner I'm not in the
position to defend all their of their
policies remember that he accepted he
experienced a coup d'etat that cost
lives including and very close brother
of mine who was killed in that coup
attempt I think the coup attempt has
been condemned all around the world but
human rights groups point out the other
ones crackdown on his critics since the
coup locking up tens of thousands of
soldiers and government officials
sacking thousands of judges and teachers
shutting down news organizations
restricting free speech that these are
abuses of power these are human rights
abuses you don't condemn any of these
crackdowns on the Free Press on human
rights groups like Amnesty there's
clearly you are ignoring the hypocrisy
in some of the foreign policy position
taken even by the United States
immediately after the attempted coup
everybody knows
officially I don't think anyone
curricular going softly sign us and why
I'm saying no no no we mean because
there must be not only the us ready I'm
talking about
the crimes against humanity committed by
many of the other Muslim countries were
largely ignored because they were timid
and complicit with the some of the
American policies now let's go back well
your question is whether he overreacted
after the coup I would say yes but I
think given time he should ease and as
well my am a personal views expressed to
him but then to ignore the fact that
there were hundreds of people killed
this is to me unacceptable
one last question on my brain you've
said you forgive energy prozac for what
he did to you
you've obviously forgiven maja Tia who
you're now working alongside there's not
many people there's not many politicians
who being in the position you're in now
would be talking forgiveness they'd be
looking for revenge or for justice at
least how hard was it for you to forgive
these people who helped lock you up and
where does that forgiveness come from
was a very painful process it's not it
wasn't easy but finally we talked about
the country we talked about justice yes
we talked about compassion and and from
my religious beliefs what is the
relevance of religion if you do not
promote compassion and willing to
forgive me as I my children had to
suffer all these years two decades the
long time and we did suffer but then
between these sufferings and the country
which is a stake I choose the country
and I choose the country because I
believe we can all affect change with
this new attitude towards peace towards
compassion toward justice by our
willingness to forgive and my brain
thanks for joining me on upfront
you
