I am Malika Bilal today a presidential
shift in the Maldives following Sunday's
historic election so what does new
leadership mean for the country tweet us
your thoughts or leave them in our live
YouTube chat and you too can be in the
stream
for many of us this has been a difficult
journey a journey that has led to a
prison cell
or years of in exile it's been a journey
that led to complete politicization of
and breakdown of public institutions but
it has been it's been a journey that has
ended at the ballot box on sunday
maldives opposition leader Ibrahim
Muhammad SAW they won the country's
presidential election the stunning
defeat at president Abdulla yameen
caught many observers off-guard the
country has suffered a difficult
transition to democracy since the end of
three decades of authoritarian rule in
2008 following his election in 2013
you mean routinely used his power to
crack down on political dissent jailing
rivals and even Supreme Court justices
so what does this win mean for democracy
in the Maldives here to discuss that in
Geneva
Jeffrey Wahid he's a deputy ambassador
to the United Nations representing the
Maldives in Mali
Eva Abdullah she's a member of the
Maldives Democratic Party and also a
member of parliament and in London will
Jordan a journalist with Al Jazeera
investigations his documentary stealing
paradise took an in-depth look at
government corruption during it means
tenure as president welcome back to the
stream all of you I want to start with
our community several of them are very
excited to show you here via pictures
this is aya she says people are
overwhelmed by the victory over
injustice lack of freedom and fairness
and shares a picture of people out in
the streets celebrating after the
election here's another ongoing
celebrations Adam king tweets to the
stream by the opposition and you can see
them gathered there late at night Eva
how significant is this win by the
opposition candidate Kennett who is from
your own party mm-hmm um I hope I think
as the president-elect said in his
victory speech last night he said this
is a historical moment this is a moment
of hope I think
exactly how a lot of people are feeling
at the moment it it's one of those
things that it felt impossible until it
was done but now it feels inevitable we
we knew we have the votes we knew people
wanted justice we knew people wanted
democracy back we knew people wanted
their fundamental rights restored so
it's good to see that people voted for
the Maldives that it feels like the
course has been righted again for the
Maldives mm-hmm the course has been
righted Geoffrey your thoughts thanks
mommy can I have to begin by saying at
least I have to offer a warm
congratulations to our panelists Eva to
the multi-window mccr attic party to the
jeong-hui party to the entire opposition
coalition for the victory of their
candidate in this presidential election
you know honorable Abraham Sola and
honorable Faisal Nasim won an election
that was by all measures free fair and
credible this election stands the
testament to the strength of our
institutions and you know with 55 days
to their till their inauguration it's
not an easy task to keep that coalition
together to figure out how they're going
to create a government in a presidential
system and over these next 50-plus days
the government is going to come together
with the oil position to create a
transition team that ensures the
continuity of government but also
ensures that the services that need to
be provided to the people of the
Maldives are still provided thankfully
they have a very strong foundation to
build upon we have a number of projects
that have will benefit the people the
Maldives immensely a number of
initiatives that will really put it boo
Sola on the right footing when he does
take over as president in November of
this year mmm not an easy task so before
we go too much further in the future I
want to pause for a second to remember
what happened earlier today on Monday so
ahead of the election many people were
predicting that we might not see a
concession speech immediately but
president Abdulla yameen did concede you
see the headline here of delay mean
concedes defeat and
Maldives presidential election he gave a
televised speech on Monday doing just
that have a look hockey Island and be no
money Maldivian people have decided what
they want I have accepted the results
from yesterday today I met with Abraham
Mohamed Salah multi vien electorate has
chosen to be their next president cool
motivo along Manhattan a cool-ass Terry
Friedman
FS razor got Muhammad if I had given in
every time I faced an issue the rights
of the people would have been
compromised well you heard the speech
right there what are your thoughts well
I mean I don't think president yameen is
particularly worried about the rights of
the people he's been caught out Ward the
tricks that he's used over the last five
years I've worked he's he's been voted
out and you know democracy is the least
worst option and in this case it seems
to have worked but you know Jeffery
talked about the strengths of the
institution's there I don't think
despite the fact that we pulled off an
election it does seem to be credible
that the institutions are strong and
that's going to be the big challenge of
them all these faces from here first up
at the coalition won't be that strong
because it's a pretty motley crue
parties and there's a lot of challenges
ahead
you know those institutions are pretty
weak now so two people if I have
mentioned the challenges ahead and in
not being an easy task to people on our
panelists of course this is will and
Jeffrey both forecasting that there is a
hard road ahead what do you make of that
in terms of what the opposition has as a
hurdle I think without a doubt the task
ahead a little bit difficult as we've
said we're grand of different political
parties with very different background
but I think our candidate I think if
Brandon was solely is well-placed to
keep the coalition together he's a solid
man he's a dependable man who's built a
reputation around being around listening
to people and pulling people together
he's been at the center of keeping this
well bringing this coalition together
and also keeping it together for the
past year and a half
our biggest our key moment I think was
fielding a common candidate which took
the government by surprise and which the
government really couldn't come back
from and I hope we stay committed to
governance has always wanted a common
candidate IVA you know this very well
we've always asked one common candidate
to be put forward one could actually run
in the election it's really not it's
really not up to the government to ask
for the opposition's candidate it's no
democracy is all but obsolete in this
country at the moment we have no
functioning independent commissions we
have no function in constitutional
Commission's working the media needs to
build the Human Rights Commission the
Broadcasting Commission all the
independent commissions we need to work
from ground zero we need to work with
these institutions of the Parliament as
you know since last year has been under
myth under military seas so we need to
build those military seas when was the
last time you were there unlike you I'm
not a member of parliament well I am I'm
not allowed I'm not allowed inside the
Parliament without the military's
permission I'm not allowed inside the
Chamber's without images without this
honors permission according to the rules
and guidelines of your very here what
you're saying
IVA finished up your sentence here
because I I see will kind of nodding his
head wanting to get in there you go go
ahead the military the soldiers have
taken off their uniforms in plain
clothes now but they still control the
entire Parliament
they got the entire Parliament 12
members of parliament opposition members
have been unconstitutionally barred from
entering the Parliament even me I've not
been I'm still I still hold party but I
can't get into memory there's no place
for bribery in a democratic governing
system so as part as part of what Eva is
saying there is a legations of bribery
there are allegations of corruption but
also allegations that president yameen
jailed his political opponents and so
will give us some context here first
that dispute well I mean it depends how
far you want to go back but to talk
about democracy in the Maldives it you
know to an outsider that sounds like
something that has existed there's not
really been a fully functioning
democracy in the Maldives there was a 30
year dictatorship under Maamoun
Abdulkarim who was now in the opposition
coalition there was a complicated
transition there was there was some time
under Mohamed Nasheed
but he didn't have the time or the space
or you know some of his partners the
inclination to build that and and now
with we've had this term of abdullah yar
means where there's been an assault on
many many institutions and individuals
and the media within that country and so
we need to go right back to the start
you know building those democratic
institutions is going to take a lot of
work and we're not in a place where we
can just say okay this is a change of
government now just just get going again
with the democracy that has not been
built and it needs to be well to
illustrate that point you mentioned by
minashi that is the country's first
democratically elected president he
tweeted in he writes congratulations to
president-elect you've done an extremely
good service to not only to the people
of the Maldives but also to
freedom-loving people everywhere
democracy is a historical inevitability
and so of course this tweet have
circulated it's got about nearly 5,000
likes but he is an exile and he's not
the only one we actually heard from a
fellow algae's
journalist her name is de Hina Rashid
who was also in exile in Sri Lanka right
now and here's what she tells the stream
about how she's feeling
so the opposition's victory means that a
lot of people living in exile can go
home now so here in Colombo alone
there's more than a dozen people and
their families who've been out of the
country for several years I've been
speaking to some of them here and
there's a lot of joy about the
possibility of returning home but many
of them said they're not taking chances
until there's a smooth transition of
power for me personally I've been
outside of the Maldives for more than
two years now
and I'm really looking forward to seeing
my family especially my niece who is one
year old and who I haven't met yet
Geoffrey what do you make of that
comment there are several but the number
really is not countable but there are
people who are in exile we heard from
some of them what do you make about the
numbers not countable because a lot of
the time these exiles are self-imposed
there's no charges against a lot of
these people there's no reason why they
can't come home and I would like to
these people have been under constant
threat they've had death threats they
have had their businesses attacked then
the threat of jail not by the government
it's by a hostile environment that you
are a part of one of the biggest
problems over the last ten years has
been that we have seen the very worst
that our nation has to offer
that's laced with hatred and bigotry
that has allowed gangs and criminals to
rule the country and with utter
imperials not rule the country
there's certainly certainly and very you
don't do please do not belittle the
threats that these people have received
I'm not belittling the threat to you or
you just implied that they're under
self-imposed exile because this is what
they fancy at the moment
we've seen her Nunis she has not met her
knees there was a machete door that's
the problem what she gonna jump in here
because I want to make sure that our
audiences I want to make sure our
audience is hearing what you're set what
you've said and of course they he know
as a former stream gasps and so she's
described some of the threats she's had
against her previously but as you're
saying she had a machete thrown at her
there were death threats and definitely
I hear what you're saying that you're
saying it's the political climate it's
not necessarily coming from the
president's office but will you also
can't go back to the Maldives is that
correct well no in my case I wouldn't
say I can't I I'd say I I probably
shouldn't because I don't think it would
it would end up well for me but the the
suggestion that there's a self-imposed
exile for people like Serena for people
like Nia's Ibrahim the auditor who works
who began the process of exposing so
much of the corruption is just laughable
I mean these people have been under huge
threat journalists have gone missing as
you said there was a machete alleged
lodged in the door of one of those
journalistic outfits and all sorts of
attacks there and by the government
their police investigations into the
government like the police investigation
into the murder of Yaman Rasheed do you
know what's happened to those police
investigations those families are still
awaiting justice the people with all the
suspects were let free what kind of
police investigation are you talking
about Jeffrey before Jeffrey answers
that I want to share this tweet from the
president-elect who pledged to open
investigations into two of the people
that we are talking about here this was
during the campaign I pledged open
investigations into journalists Ahmed
real ones disappearance yameen Rasheed's
murder repeal the Anti Defamation Act
and ensure press freedom Jeffrey
the anti-defamation Act
first of all ensures that there is some
measure of democratic responsibility to
go along with democratic rights one of
the biggest problems that we have in the
Maldives is that there is no true
adherence to truth instead there's
deference to hyperbole time and time
again and it doesn't and they don't try
to maintain any semblance of honesty in
what they're reporting and that is a
problem that is something that needs to
be addressed we defend the defamation
act you really have no need to act like
this anymore
Yaman really is really normal you really
don't need to defend the definitely rape
threats monthly only even just right I'm
gonna pull you apart for a moment
because I want to bring in this comment
live via YouTube talent rights in what
is the assurance this transition will
uphold freedom for the people and not
power to the elected government this is
a theme of this conversation because
I've heard it from some of you already
today well what's your answer to that
well I think actually certainly what it
is going to uphold is some semblance of
freedom because yamin is not in power
anymore and he's not systematically
taking away those freedoms the challenge
now is how do you build a coalition that
can in turn build a functioning
government how does that coalition work
you know we need to be parliamentary
elections to to certainly work out to
share a power in terms of seats and then
after that we need to work out who is
going to have which ministries how
there's going to be a division among
those parties and to start actually
building the capacity in those
institutions where it doesn't exist at
the moment and and to talk about some of
those things Jeffery is talking about
you a you have a defamation law which
criminalizes much much journalism
actually it needs to be fixed you have
many other laws that need to be so it
needs
be improved
of course coverage but that's that's
that's not what the defamation law has
been has been written or enforce
defamation law stop slander and libel
which is rampant and has been rampant in
the Maldives people make up stories that
have no basis in reality and that comes
from our politics the problem is that
politicians feel like the only way to
mobilize their bases to galvanize their
support is resort to more and more
extreme rhetoric and it's rhetoric of
polarization which is really
debilitating our country debilitating
the Maldives after ten years of this
kind of language of this kind of of
virulent anger and hate politicians and
Maldives peace to promote peace in our
country and that's something that
doesn't happen especially more how do
you explain the state media acting like
president yaw means own PR machine not
facing any consequences of their
absolute and open political bias but any
TV stations or any newspapers that are
not aligned to the government are faced
with threats they journalists the jailed
the journalists are threatened
they are fined with absorbent sums how
do you explain that how do you explain I
mean the managing the managing director
of the board of the state media was the
MC for president yaw means last rally of
the campaign how do you explain that
Jeffrey I'm not going to explain what
party positions people might have had
but I am going to say is that people do
need to report based off of okay so we
heard the question from Eva and we got
an answer from Jeffrey I want to bring
in our music for what they are looking
forward to under this new president the
president-elect so here to comments from
people of what they want the government
to focus on this is psy pad who writes
in we're hoping that it will mean a
return of our fundament
two rights has granted in the
Constitution the fear of being
arbitrarily detained would not be the
norm that he will work on cleaning up
the judiciary and law enforcement were
sorely in need of a system overhaul so
that's one person's opinion another
person rights and this is what they are
looking forward to in the next
administration health care affordable
and accessible improving our living
conditions livable wages we can't afford
to keep destroying our environment and
he wants honesty and transparency Eva
how doable are these lists of things in
this next administration and your
perspective I think absolutely doable I
think over the last five years what was
lacking over the last seven years in
fact what was lacking was the political
yield and the commitment to not govern
to not afford people the public services
they need instead we saw all our state
resources wasted on corruption
incompetent on on we have a state asset
recovery commission and all this
corruption brought a has a record of
serving as a member of parliament as a
committed Democrat for the past 25 years
and I think he's proven himself to be
like I said a dependable person a
Democrat committed to democracy
democracy so I think and he's pledged
throughout his campaign he pledged
openness he pledged transparency he
pledged fairness and also a number of
other pledges housing education health
and I think as he has also repeatedly
said and as we can see I mean the
Maldives has one of the highest GDP per
capita in the entire region we're close
to 9,000 GDP per capita so therefore we
do have the money we just need to have a
zero tolerance on production and we need
to put these put this money into
education into health into housing into
the environment and to building our
institutions and some of that will have
to come with money the funds making sure
that the country has the funds to do it
which brings me to this point that
several people have
on YouTube creative says what do you
think about the future of Chinese
investment in the Maldives another
person writes in will the Maldives have
more military ties with China or India
two of the people closely two of the
countries really closely watching these
elections on that China angle China has
given investment into the country this
is a comment we got from the chuan Abbas
he's a civil society activist and here's
what he thinks Moses made promise more
than 1.1 billion dollars in loan aid by
China we know the country has only spent
less than a quarter of this amount we
also know that this money has not been
spent wisely not all of it a lot of it
has actually going to go into corruption
so the incoming president needs to make
sure every penny of this money is
accounted for he also needs to make sure
that he averts the doctrine of China we
know that China is already enslaving
other countries and we know what what
happens in what happened in Sri Lanka we
know what happened to the humbert at an
airport we don't want the same things
happening in the Maldives so will some
strong words there we know that the
Chinese government has been a supporter
of president yameen how do you see this
support moving forward under a new
president well I think yeah I mean used
China as as a sort of nation of last
resort because he knew wasn't going to
get any support from the Europeans at
all from the Indians now in terms of the
great game we we probably will will see
India step forward Saudi Arabia and
China step back and probably the
Europeans and the West in general here
the Americans being more engaged with
this new coalition government the
geopolitical forces we will continue to
keep an eye on unfortunately we're out
of time
for this part of the conversation thank
you to our guests and of course to our
community and until next time we will
see you online
