can trump protect cover no the US
presidents choice for Supreme Court
judge is accused of sexual assault as
well as allegations of death threats and
smear campaigns and midterm elections
you will the latest scandal affect
voters this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I am
Hashim Alberta
a high-stakes standoff is underway in
Washington over the US presidents choice
for Supreme Court judge Brett Kavanaugh
is accused of sexual assault by a woman
who says she's prepared to testify to
Congress patty : reports from Washington
his confirmation seemed certain Brett
Kavanaugh poised to cement a
conservative Supreme Court for a
generation I do until this woman went
public with an allegation
she says Kavanaugh sexually assaulted
her in high school
Christine Blasi for once the Federal
Bureau of Investigation to look into the
matter any witness who lied to them
would be committing a serious crime but
Republicans said no that's not true the
FBI could investigate if President
Donald Trump told them to he won't I had
the floor Republicans had demanded that
she testify next Monday her lawyer
responded she'll testify next week just
not on Monday where I'm focused right
now is doing everything that we can to
make dr. Ford comfortable with coming
before our committee Democrats say this
is just simply unfair and charge
Republicans don't actually want to know
the truth someone who is lying does not
ask the FBI to investigate their claims
we have to get to the bottom of this as
Americans before we put someone on the
Supreme Court for life this is high
stakes and not just because of what it
will mean to the highest court in the
land women took to the streets in record
numbers after Trump became president
angry at his treatment of women if
Republicans are seen to be mistreating a
woman now with less than two months
until the congressional elections they
risk this fury showing up next at the
ballot box
a point brought home Thursday by a fresh
round of protests and arrests over this
controversial nomination Patti cocaine
al-jazeera
Washington let's bring in our panelists
joining us from Washington DC Jeff
Hauser executive director of the
revolving door project at the Center for
Economic and Policy Research in
Philadelphia Claire Finkelstein director
of the Center for Ethics and the rule of
law at the University of Pennsylvania
also joining us from Washington DC
Ashlee Pratt board member of Republican
Women for progress welcome to the
program Jeff how has the coven Oh
nomination turned into this cultural
battle that seems to be dividing the
American people the Cavanaugh nomination
was an unpopular nomination that looked
potentially poised to secure 50 or 51
votes in the Senate but kind of by
slinking over the finish line until the
middle of last week when Brett
Cavanaugh's passed became very much part
of his present in his future there
became reports that a woman had come
forward to the Senate Judiciary
Committee alleging that she had been
that Brett Kavanaugh and another man had
attempted to rape her when they were in
high school
she had previously approached the
Washington Post and a congresswoman but
she had not been yet wanted to go
forward because she knew that she'd be
attacked viciously which she has been by
Donald Trump and others just in the last
25 minutes mm-hmm I mean Claire the the
question that has been coming out again
and again she's basically why didn't
Christine Blasi Ford come forward sooner
knowing that Cavanaugh has been in the
political political light for quite some
time
well the first thing I would say is it
really doesn't matter when she came
forward it matters whether or not you
believe her allegations and what
you think if the allegations are true
that means that Brett Kavanaugh is unfit
to service Supreme Court justice it may
be that she was wrestling with her
decision we do know from Diane Feinstein
that senator Feinstein has been in
possession of a letter from Christine
Ford since August so she in fact did
come forward sooner but she was not yet
prepared to testify the decision whether
or not to testify before the Senate is a
huge one for someone in this position as
you know probably she has had to move
out of her home because of the threats
against her it's been a media circus for
her as well anyone who gets involved in
a proceeding like this is taking
enormous personal and emotional risks so
it's a big decision to make
mm-hmm Ashleigh the Republicans in
particular and the right in general have
been making many cussing many doubt
about the whole case and the question is
is it what what's wrong about a thorough
investigation what everyone should be
involved including the FBI so that
Americans people the American people
ultimately know what happened yeah I
think the real problem here when you get
down to how this looks with Republicans
it's all about optics and the problem is
that regardless of when dr. Ford came
forward regardless of what the
allegations end up proving to be she
deserves the right to testify and
Republicans put themselves in harm's way
by rushing this forward or by not giving
her the chance to do so or by not
negotiating so I really hope that in
thinking this through they do allow for
her to do this in a way that makes her
feel comfortable because in any
situation like this for a woman to come
forward and have to put her face on
something like this and to have to go
public it is a traumatic experience that
happened to her so I do really think
moving forward if Republicans you know
are looking to win in the midterms they
need to really think about how they're
handling this situation right now
because as we all know women are a key
demographic in
any election and we saw this in 2016
that a lot of suburban women did come
out and vote for Donald Trump now that
surprised many people but new polling
shows that 35% of those suburban women
regret their decision to vote for Trump
so those women do hang in the balance as
Republicans act recklessly and try to
push this nomination forward without
giving dr4 the credibility that her
allegations deserve Jeff I mean we've
seen recently the recent survey
mentioning that there's been some how a
decline in support for governor's
nomination but however he supporters
keep asking the same question which is
basically would you hold people
responsible for what they did as
teenagers our society holds a lot of
people responsible for things they did
at 17 they hold a lot of poor people
responsible for drug charges they can be
charged for all sorts of non-violent
acts at 17 as adults that is just sort
of tough on crime practice that the
Republicans have pushed for in this
country for several decades and as a
result those people may lose the right
to vote they may have their
opportunities for employment forever
ruined by the acts when they were 17 and
these are people who lack the enormous
privileges and benefits that Brett
Kavanaugh enjoyed Brett Kavanaugh is the
son of a wealthy lobbyist he went to a
very prestigious and selective prep
school he and he's white he has all the
advantages in American society so if
we're gonna start rethinking how
punitive
we treat seventeen year olds which i
think is definitely something we should
do as a society I would not begin with
Brett Kavanaugh Klan why has this become
suddenly the biggest story in the United
States of America is it because the
Americans would like to hold people to
the high standards particularly knowing
that Governor is going to become a judge
of the Supreme Court or just simply
because of the post Trump politics
it's a little bit of everything but it
is a hugely important decision for any
president to make Brett Kavanaugh is
only 51 years old that means that he
could be on the court for another 40
years that's such an enormous ly
impactful position the future of course
of abortion rights in this country are
at issue but I also think to your point
about the Donald Trump politics that's
very much at issue in this case because
Brett Cavanaugh has taken a position
historically on executive privilege and
presidential power that could affect
whether or not Donald Trump is impeached
ultimately and he is very much on the
side of presidential power and rights
that's very likely why President Trump
is so eager to have him on the court and
so it is a microcosm into a potential
impeachment proceeding whether or not
you want Brett Kavanaugh on the court
making decisions about whether or not a
president can self pardon or whether or
not a president can avoid responding to
a subpoena and so forth Ashley Claire
said a while ago that victims of sexual
trauma some terms needs a lifetime
before coming out and talking about the
experience itself battling for people
around the world that in a society like
America people still cannot come forward
because the fear rejection denial and
stigma yes and I think that's what the
me2 movement has really brought to light
here is that there are so many women who
have faced sexual assault sexual
harassment or sexual abuse in some way
and they don't feel comfortable coming
forward or they feel like they may lose
their jobs their careers may be ruined
or it's just too traumatic to talk about
so they seek professional help or maybe
they don't and in that case you know dr.
Ford did seek professional treatment it
was something she's lived with for a
very long time you know they may have
said things such as you know well it
didn't get so bad she was able to escape
but something like that is still so
traumatic for a woman to experience at
such a young age because what if she
wasn't able to escape that situation now
again
we're going to hear her testimony we're
going to hear you know Cavanaugh come
out and make his statements on this and
see what the truth ends up being but we
do need to do more by way of showing
women that we believe them and give them
a credible way to move forward rather
than coming out and smearing their name
Jeff what do you think should come first
testifying at the Congress or the FBI
stepping in and taking the the whole
case into its hand in 1991 the FBI
conducted an investigation in three days
before the testimony from Clarence
Thomas and Anita Hill I think I don't
know if they need two days three days or
a week but I would think that you would
want professionals to do this
investigation nothing about the Senate
Judiciary community staff on either the
Republican or Democratic side gives me
any confidence that they are expert
investigators and issues of sexual
assault or in crimes in general that's
not their job it's not an attack on them
to say that this is well beyond their
skill set so we would want people whose
job it is to do investigations to
conduct an investigation so that the
right questions can be asked in the
right background information be
available to the questioners sex
scandals are nothing new in u.s.
politics during the confirmation process
of Justice Clarence Thomas 27 years ago
law professor and it's a Health
testified against him for sexual
harassment the Senate eventually
confirmed his appointment then there was
the Monica Lewinsky scandal in the 1990s
President Bill Clinton initially denied
having sex then later admitted to what
he called an improper relationship with
the White House intern and avoided
impeachment and impeachments also being
mentioned with President Donald Trump
involved in several scandals they
include denying pain so-called hush
money to stop post our stormy Daniel's
revealing their affair clear the lines
seem to be a little bit blurred here
particularly when it comes to both
political parties stepping into this
case what do you think should happen
next do we need to see both testify at
the Congress and then it
up to the Senate to decide or do you
think the FBI is the one who should have
the ultimate say first there should be
an FBI investigation the Senate is
actually not very very well suited to be
a fact-finding body they're better
suited to make character judgments based
on facts that the FBI has helped
unearthed for them the FBI needs to go
around and interview all potential
witnesses it could be the mark judge who
was the person who we know witnessed
these events according to Christine
Ford's version of events would talk to
an FBI investigator though he's not
willing to testify in public before the
Senate after that the Senate would be
well equipped to interview both parties
involved and there may be others who
come out at that point and all witnesses
should be heard and at that at that
point it is for the Senate to make a
judgement not about whether or not it's
unfair to Brett Kavanaugh to hold this
event
these allegation again against him if in
fact they are true but whether or not he
is the best person to serve as the next
Supreme Court justice mm-hmm that's a
question that has nothing to do with
fairness or responsibility it has to do
with a judgement of his character and of
his qualifications mm-hmm Ashley this
was supposed to be a an easier ride for
the Republicans until dr. Ford stepped
out with her story what do you think the
Republicans should do next
more confrontation or do you think it's
about time now to reconsider the whole
nomination of Cavanaugh
I think it's time to reconsider the
whole nomination and back to my original
point they do themselves no justice by
moving forward harshly or recklessly
they need to really think about what
they're doing here again with the stigma
that is already on this administration
when it comes to its handling and
mistreatment of women with female voters
with Republican women in general those
numbers are obviously very very low and
again the optics of this are not good
for the Republican Party so I really
think that if they want to have any
political future here and they really
want to do right by Americans they need
to give dr. Ford the ability again to
come forward and testify they need to
come to the negotiating table on this
and if these accusations are found to be
credible which you know she took a
polygraph test and has again decided to
come out and testify here I really do
think they are not doing her any justice
by not holding an investigation into
this I agree with what all the other
panelists have said that there needs to
be an investigation into these
allegations and that the Senate is not
well equipped to be that investigating
body but this Jeff this raises another
legal issue which is basically what
could the FBI do in a case that dates
back to 36 6 years and where you
basically don't have any witnesses it
would be really difficult to piece
together the elements of the puzzle
there are ongoing investigations into
sexual abuse within the Catholic Church
that include allegations and crimes that
occurred more than 36 years ago the
entire Catholic Church in the state of
Pennsylvania is under serious
investigation right now
so I disagree with the idea that it is
impossible to do an investigation so
long after the fact the FBI would talk
to the social networks around that
surrounded both Cavanaugh and dr. Bazzi
Ford at that time they would talk to
Marc judge they would pick up all sorts
of information about the context in
which these allegations occurred figure
out the credibility and also go into
questions of whether these are generally
honest and trustworthy people or not
people figure these things out all the
time the suit
be a uniquely old case to move forward
and as Senator Doug Jones pointed out he
actually successfully prosecuted civil
rights law violators in Alabama for a
crime that was 38 years old the
Birmingham bombing so I think that we
actually have a lot of history in this
country of being able to figure this out
after the fact
Claire irrespective of what happens next
whether governor gets the confirmation
or not do you think the story would end
there or is it likely to reshape the
midterms elections I think it's very
likely to have an impact on the midterm
elections if if I may briefly respond to
one point is that it's very important to
notice that the burden of proof the
burden of proof for this sort of
judgment is not the same as for a
criminal matter this is not beyond a
reasonable doubt standard if this were a
campus disciplinary proceeding the
standard of evidence at present would
likely be the preponderance of the
evidence would it be more likely than
not that the allegations are true in
this case and that's the appropriate
standard for something that is a
privilege and a function for the country
rather than something that is a
proceeding that's designed to take away
the liberty of the person who's being
judged in this case with regard to your
question about the midterms I think what
is very likely to impact the midterms is
the sheer politicization of the process
I think that's very much a shame and a
loss for the country
this ought not to be a matter of being
fair to one side or the other or about
the Democrats using this to further
their agenda or the Republicans using
pushing back at dr. Ford in order to
further their agenda of absolutely
making sure that Cavanaugh gets on the
court this really ought to be a matter
of collective judgment and reflection
about whether or not the country is
being well served by having this person
on the court
and the fact that both sides become more
and more dug in I think will tend to
politicize the the voting public and
really raise the pitch for battles
around midterm elections I think that's
a shame
Ashleigh we may not know the intentions
of the voters but we know for sure is
that female voters are likely to play a
significant role in the midterm election
let's imagine a woman who's going to
cast her vote against the backdrop of
this whole story does it give us any
indication that perhaps potentially the
result could tilt in favor of the
Democrats oh for sure because again if
we're talking about those suburban women
who surprised us in the 2016 election
because they were a demographic that I
mean many analysts had said they are not
going to vote for Donald Trump based
upon his rhetoric toward women based
upon his history with women and they did
and that was something that shocked many
people when he looked at the you know
voting records and the analysis in the
aftermath of the 2016 election to really
see what happened so if that block of
women those suburban women who came out
and supported Donald Trump again if they
are regretting their decision to have
voted for him this really does not bode
well for the midterms nor does it bode
well for the 2020 election if he runs
for re-election which it seems as though
he is going to he's back out on the
campaign trail so I really do think that
women here will be the key
decision-makers in deciding the midterm
elections as well as the presidential
election committee xx and Republicans
again the optics here are not good for
Republicans very really please Jeff I
mean the Adamo if I were if I were a
Democratic strategist I would definitely
tap into this narrative about look at
what the Republicans are dealing with
women that could be an easy win yes and
I think that's why the Republicans are
trying to actually not have their
senators do the questioning of dr. bazi
for they're gonna try to hire a female
attorney to do it for them because the
optics are very dangerous for the
Republican Party right now mm-hmm
Claire what we're seeing now is it an
aftershock wave of the me2 movement or
the beginning of a new era in the US
politics where
morality ethics standards are definitely
going to reshape the future of the
country I would say it's probably both
the me2 movement is actually part of
that reconsidered ethics
it is certainly blowback for Donald
Trump who has a terrible record with
regard to women and has a number of
women who have accused him of sexual
assault and the me2 movement has of
course outed many many individuals and
shown us that sexual harassment in the
workplace and sexual assaults are much
more common than anyone has previously
thought they were and so we do have a
new era of women coming forward and and
being listened to and being heard for
the first time that is a kind of changed
ethics however the the push back on that
movement and on everything that opposes
Donald Trump and his administration is
just as fierce and so again what we see
is a really a new era of deeply deeply
divided trench warfare between Democrats
and Republicans unless that is the same
again that's what our politics have in
less than a minute
Ashleigh I would like to ask you this
particular question I guess the backdrop
of the political divide in the United
States of America isn't it interesting
but worrying at the same time when
people care mostly about defending their
own turf and this comes to the detriment
of showing the truth of the American
people it certainly does and I think for
anyone watching across the world when
they look at America as an example of
how we're supposed to live or a free
world in the free society it really
doesn't give people much hope I think
when something like this continues to
happen so continually in our American
politics in our way of life and we
should be crediting women who come
forward and you know are willing to be
courageous in their allegations and to
come forward and to be able to say hey
this happened to me and I stand up on
behalf of women everywhere by saying
that Ashleigh prattler Finkelstein Jeff
Hauser
unfortunately we're running out of time
we have to come to an end right now but
it will be interesting to see how this
particular saga and falls in the near
future thank you too for watching you
can see the program again any time by
visiting our website aljazeera.com for
further discussion go to our Facebook
page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
aj inside story from me hashing what i'm
holding here
