Oh Buddha Resort is one of Nigeria's top
tourist destinations but in the shadow
of the mountains of Nigerians continued
an ancient tradition with child
protection worker say condemns young
girls to a life of slavery and sexual
exploitation economy chad is a
missionary who rescues girls who've been
sold off for so-called money marriages
the man goes to buy a girl outrightly
you know an opal can even be trot a girl
before she's born and the man will win
even if it takes 40 years if the man
dies the brothers can still go to get
their brothers money wife if there are
hundred homes in batch away you will
have hardly ten that do not have one or
two money marriage money marriage
parties going on there so you have over
98% of families involved in this kind of
marriage his free 21 young women in the
past nine years
community leaders say the practice was
banned years ago that team was there but
it stops things right in 90s and the
money woman we are talking about it was
not that people who come out to say I am
looking for a wife to marry no in the
family you're like in the family when
you are in the family maybe someone is
sick one isn't it has imitating the
police or that time would imagine money
most important one and the serious one
was task five-year-old miracle was
married for money just a few weeks ago
she now lives with some missionaries who
say she's proof many marriages happen
she was bought to replace her teenage
sister who died was herself a
replacement wife who couldn't have a
baby with her owner Rose eta was rescued
nine years ago I was about 10 years old
when they give me out my father died
when I was seven years and when I was
ten years they took me out
Rose has received psychological
counselling and taught some skills
she says she's found confidence has a
new boyfriend and a baby it says our
past stands in the way of true happiness
the boy parents attend the appointed
time is somebody money wife no get
married soon having a baby that I have
no boy baby victims say the practice of
selling girls into slavery and forced
marriages still continues in some
communities around here and encouraged
by the elders only a few of them get
rescued and organizations working to
support the victim say they've been
threatened on many occasions and warned
to stop their work I couldn't reach its
missionary work for the grace Chapel of
Nigeria has set him on collision course
with people here I don't have any
security walking around me but I can't
even go to assess my bank anymore
because I've been promised that anytime
I'm seen at the ranch I will regret ever
coming to battle and many here say money
marriage could take a long time to
eradicate before that happens countless
numbers of young girls face a life of
Perpetual poverty illiteracy
and slavery army degrees al Jazeera
fetch away
