kilometer after kilometer young and old
men and women they keep on trudging it's
a multitude at least 4000 people in a
caravan that began in Honduras now
they've made it through Guatemala and
into Mexico in the last eight days
they've slept in the open and crossed
hills and rivers Jonathan is only 14 and
traveling alone he's here for the same
reason as everyone else he feels he
doesn't have a chance in Honduras back
home there's no work and too much crime
many like Yesenia are trying to get a
new start to provide for their families
I've got a six year old boy my dad and
my sister I have to help them there's
not enough for food I've had my
electricity and water cut everything's
expensive and there's not enough to live
on for many the end goal is the United
States that's exactly what President
Trump is putting pressure on Mexico to
prevent the police constantly seemed
about to close off the route the caravan
bunches together tenses up in the end
the officers simply watch the people go
past
it's an event locals in the villages
turn out to have a look some give what
they can spirits are high but there's
still a whole country to go their sons
really beating down now on people that
have already been walking at this point
for six hours they're carrying their few
possessions on their back as they go men
women and children but things are only
going to get more difficult for them as
they go deeper into Mexico the country
is notorious for its web of migration
checkpoints and for the gangs who prey
on those travelling through she's having
a bolita listen friend then maybe they
know the danger they face from the
authorities and organized crime drug
cartels kidnapped them even killed them
and that's been well-documented that's
why they all grouped together for the
moment that's got them another small
step closer to where they want to go
John Holman al-jazeera Chapas
