for years after having their power taken
away the leaders of the pure Thai party
are able to meet again without fearing
arrest since the coup that removed
Thailand's largest party from office
political gatherings of five people or
more have been outlawed but now the
military government has partially
relaxed its ban on political activities
I told the board then what's happening
now who's that we are still alive
and we are proud of what we have
therefore we will continue to do
activities and those activities have
proven popular with voters for years
maybe too popular
/ Thai and its predecessor parties have
won every election since 2001 but the
military backed by some of Thailand's
most rich and powerful people organized
to cooze against them since the last
overthrow in 2014 the government has
delayed a return to democratic rule
several times with a tentative election
date set for late February political
parties are slowly coming back into the
open being able to gather legally is a
significant milestone for the political
parties but those that oppose the
military government like poet I know
they still have to be very careful about
what they say and do any mistakes could
be used against them the new future
forward party touted as a potential
coalition partner for poet I is already
in trouble
three party executives are charged with
violating the Computer Crimes Act for
suggesting politicians are being
approached to join a pro military party
and eight leaders of / Thai were charged
in May with sedition and breaking the
ban on political activities for
organizing a media conference to
criticize the government experts say
those prosecutions are a sign that the
lead-up to the election won't be free
and fair with a lot of more to come in
the sense that if the pure Thai party or
any party would come close to the home
Cattlemen's Party that would be likely
to take the case to the Election
Commission or UN Constitutional Court to
dissolve them political opponents say
Prime Minister Prayuth chan-ocha is
proving than not
on a level playing field pry out who led
the coup isn't ruling out staying on as
Thailand's leader after the election and
at times he appears to be in campaign
mode even though campaigning remains
against the law for political parties
Wayne hey al Jazeera Bangkok
