this summit ended as it began rich in
symbolism president moon jaein of South
Korea and his North Korean host Kim
jong-un on top of Mount paektu the
highest peak of the Korean Peninsula
that spiritually significant to all
Koreans inter-korean relations have seen
many false starts with attempts at
reconciliation often returning to
threats of war but there's a strong
sense moon and Kim want to forge a bond
so strong that they can never slip back
to the acrimony of the past we adopted a
military pact to end a history of brutal
and tragic confrontation and hostility
some weapons facilities will be closed
but there's little detail on how to
fulfill a more vague promise to make the
peninsula nuclear-free it's enough
though to breathe new life back into the
stalled negotiations between North Korea
and the United States and could lead to
a second summit between Kim and US
president Donald Trump but many believe
to make real progress it's now time for
the photo ops to give way to detailed
discussion I mean it's gonna be really
really difficult and the President and
Kim jong-un don't know these things in
any kind of detail which is why we keep
getting these summit declarations that
are very short because the detail has to
be worked out by we by the experts more
skeptical observers suspect North Korea
now with South Korean support may have
other reasons for pushing for a summit
and this is another significant
diplomatic success for North Korea
because in few months which will be
spent to make preparations for the
summit and during the summit itself we
are not going to see any confrontation
and this is essentially North Korean
tactics their major goal is to wait
Donald Trump out for North Koreans like
the thousands gathered for mass games
that are normally a patriotic show of
devotion to North Korea's leadership a
mix of excitement and bewilderment - now
listen to the leader of their
traditional adversary speak of a Korean
people united
we also confirm the principle of
autonomy for our people whereby we
ourselves determine our own fate the
leaders of two countries whose relations
are heavily reliant on their much more
powerful allies building a homegrown
momentum for change that may be
difficult to stop Rob the bride
aljazeera Seoul
