to the public aquarium performances in
China are an entertaining mix of hype
defying tricks supposed animal-human
with some displays of apparent affection
thrown in but exclusive
behind-the-scenes video obtained by 101
east reviews a much darker picture
yokomen torture
yo alien border Sigonella workers who
asked not to be identified say animals
such as seals sick with skin diseases
and cataracts are abandoned in places
called dying rooms left to swim in their
own urine and feces so hollow ocean - so
handles food on a woman concerning goes
Idaho
- generally be a giant Condor tumor
- we can now see a torsion beam I owe to
Colin's enemy and Taemin email party
over two years 101 East documented many
more sick and dying animals this beluga
whale looks like it's playing with some
young visitors no see that's aggression
but do mirros one of the world's
best-known marine scientists says far
from being happening this behavior
indicates it's overstressed by captivity
if you see the same animals consistently
responding in an aggressive open mouth
threat way to the people at the
underwater viewing window then that
starts telling you a bigger story that
maybe this whale in particular is under
stress she says conditions in China are
the worst she's ever seen anywhere with
dolphins and belugas swallowing debris
and display areas far too cramped
tank for these three belugas is so small
it's hard for them even just to turn
around roll says not only is there
widespread abuse but animals are dying
prematurely this is just a one-way
conveyor belt and it ends in death at
the other end premature death and this
is supposed to be entertaining managers
of the Marine Park didn't respond to our
request to discuss mistreatment the
parks are now so popular there are more
than 60 in China with a dozen more being
built there appears no way into China's
aquarium Park pool and for their
captives no end to their misery
Steve Chow al Jazeera China
