on Sunday turkish President Recep Tayyip
Erdogan seemingly sets a deadline for
officially releasing the details of how
Gemalto Chukchi was murdered and by whom
we're going to make it clear what
happened to Jamal khashoggi and God
willing on Tuesday I will have a group
meeting and hopefully by then I will be
able to find out what happened earlier
yet another narrative was presented by
Saudi officials who had on Saturday
finally admitted to killing the
journalist albeit by accident this time
an unnamed senior official told the
Reuters news agency that cachaca died of
suffocation after agent sent to
negotiate his return to the kingdom put
him in a chokehold and covered his mouth
after he tried to resist by the
afternoon Saudi foreign minister Adel
al-jubeir had another story - telling us
pro-trump News Network Fox News that his
government still didn't know how she
died and insisting that Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman had no knowledge of
the operation there weren't people
closely tied to him who were involved in
this operation there were pictures of
some security officers who may have been
part of the security detail from time to
time but this is normal security people
who deal in security details rotate
among different officials both domestic
and foreign so having somebody in a
picture does not imply that they're
closed at all crumpets has denied the
circumference is not aware of this even
the senior leadership of our
intelligence service was not aware of
this this was an operation that was a
rogue operation that doesn't explain
however why this man Mohammed rib
reportedly made four phone calls to bin
Saud man's personal secretary during the
time that Ashok ji was being killed and
if as Jo bear says the senior leadership
of Saudis intelligence service was
unaware why then has armadillo Siri its
deputy had been fired by Royal Decree
questions to as to why send an autopsy
expert if the plan was only to kidnap
and why not call a paramedic rather than
dispose of the body and why would Saudi
officials have contacts to local
criminals who specialized in disposing
corpses unless they were intending to
use them from the outset it seems that
with every day that goes by the Saudis
have a different story as to how Jamal
keshavjee was killed the only common
narrative being that Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman did
order this assassination nor was he
aware of it but Turkish officials as
well as US congressman and senators say
that's a lie what president Erdogan says
on Tuesday and chooses to reveal will
not only prove crucial to this murder
case but could potentially have an
impact on the political future of Saudi
Arabia jamal al al al jazeera Istanbul
