dolma Maya Tamang suddenly finds herself
a widow in a foreign land
the Nepalese woman's husband is among a
group of people who've died after
drinking what police suspect was
contaminated alcohol yet difficulty
breathing he said he couldn't see that
everything was just black
police have arrested several people and
raided more than a dozen stores seizing
about a thousand bottles of spirits and
beer samples of the drink were sent to a
lab for analysis and found methanol
which is poisonous in one bottle the
Health Ministry says people with little
means are risking their lives by buying
either illegal alcohol or liquor that's
been tampered with people know where to
find cheap drink in this Kuala lumper
neighborhood they say the primary
customers like the majority of victims
are migrant workers and they're likely
to continue to fuel an underground
market for alcohol
Victoria Gaytan B al-jazeera
