just minutes into president Emma Simon
and Iowa State of the Nation Address
opposition MPs walked out in protest
they say minagawa stole July's election
and blame his administration for many of
the country's problems including a
cholera outbreak the 21st century our
country is only entitled basic services
and what they ended today is sitting in
that Parliament more worried about
bringing versus in a me and everybody
when people are dying out there so we
are saying these government is
illegitimate the opposition accuses the
government of spending taxpayers money
on luxuries and government perks and
they MPs called the president a thief as
he drives past the government says it
needs more than 15 million dollars to
repair water and sanitation
infrastructure in Harare money it says
it doesn't have some Suburbans feel the
money is there it's just not being
prioritized for example they say instead
of buying new cars for parliamentarians
the money should be used to fight
cholera the government has declared the
cholera outbreak in the capital Harare
an emergency expand all public
gatherings and ordered food vendors off
the streets to try and stop the disease
from spreading it's not the only
challenge the new president is facing he
has to try to in foreign currency
shortages create jobs and introduce
investor friendly policies towards
stabilizing the macroeconomic
environment creation of physical space
currency reforms and enhancing for
deterrence of ability improving
liquidity increasing the country's
investment attractiveness reducing the
budget deficit and ensuring gradual
growth of all sectors of our economy but
many Zimbabweans are growing impatient
they say their new president has made
many promises but they say they want
agent action para Matassa
al Jazeera
