it's not the first time that our Gen
Tina's former president has been
summoned to court but this time the
corruption charges against her are the
most serious inside the courtroom
Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner
was accused of leading a criminal
network of high-ranking officials that
allegedly awarded inflated public works
contracts to prominent businessmen in
exchange for multi-million dollar
kickbacks the former president was now a
senator responded in writing and
published it on social networks
she wrote summing up they can keep
following my movements my family's
listening secretly to my phone calls or
digging through all of Patagonia or
wherever they like they will never find
anything to incriminate me because I
never appropriated money
illicitly the judge requested that she
be imprisoned awaiting trial
along with scores of other prominent
businessman and former government
officials the Senate would have to vote
to lift her immunity from prosecution
but that doesn't mean that Fernandez de
Kirchner will see the inside of a prison
anytime soon behind me is the Senate and
it is her perilous party that holds the
majority the leader of the party has
made it very clear that it will not even
consider lifting Fernandez the
Kirchner's immunity unless there is a
firm sentence but the judge believes
that the evidence obtained in raids on
three of the Senators luxury homes plus
testimonies from businessman photos
wiretaps and videos provide ample proof
this could be likened to Brazil's
carwash scandal you have public works
politicians and big business this tells
me it could have a strong political
impact Sunday Ferdinand executioner
released a video in which she says the
raids are meant to humiliate and
persecute her and she said her home was
damaged and robbed by federal police she
repeated claims that the judge is an
enemy and a pawn of the current
government Grampian no love but with or
without immunity from prison the chances
of Argentina's former strong woman being
convicted are strong to the detriment of
her plans to run for the president
see again next year you see in human al
Jazeera when Osiris
