it may not be the strongest storm to hit
North Carolina but Florence is the
wettest rivers continue to rise as rain
continues to fall as much as a meter
across the state so far among the lives
lost in the storm a one-year-old boy
swept away from his mother as they tried
to escape their car in floodwaters tens
of thousands of homes have been damaged
with more misery predicted for those who
live along rivers which have yet to
crest thousands remain under evacuation
orders closer to the coast the Sun came
out
but many roads remain impassable the
city of Wilmington was cut off from the
rest of the state for nearly a day here
in Wilmington electricity and basic
supplies remained scarce
people have lined up here for hours
trying to get ice they're trying to
preserve what food they have left many
expressed relief for the break in the
weather and a chance to take stock we've
had some trouble we've had roof fall in
we got water on the floor but we making
it everybody in that neighborhood is
pitching in working together I've been
here all my life I've never seen any
storm like this was so unusual the way
not as much wind but more rain but even
as utility crews work to restore power
to the hundreds of thousands still
without florence has begun wreaking
havoc elsewhere moving on to West
Virginia and Virginia where they are on
the lookout for tornadoes as well as
more rain major rivers are expected to
remain flooded for the next two to three
weeks
Kristen salumi al Jazeera Wilmington
North Carolina
