they thought the mountain was
indestructible but the force of nature
proved too great more than 40 miners
took shelter from the storm in a
bunkhouse built into the hillside they
thought they were safe but the landslide
triggered by super typhoon manhood
buried them 40 feet deep this is the
town of token in Bengal province it bore
the brunt of the storms power the
devastation so widespread the full scale
of the damage is not yet known Teressa
broken waits for news about her nephew
28 year old alkane told them he would be
home but he never arrived
perhaps this is what God intended can we
contradict what God has planned for us
nobody wanted this to happen this was an
accident but the local government is
trying to do here is to expedite the
process of rescue and retrieval
operations the backhoes here have been
working all day trying to clear the road
and this should save the way for a
speedier process of rescue and retrieval
operations they have also set up a
temporary emergency and rescue center
here there is a board over there that
has the list of those who have been
missing rescuers say the chances of
finding survivors are slim but they are
doing everything they can
bringing down machines to the site is
extremely difficult so volunteers have
to dig through the rubble with their
bare hands a process that is expected to
last many days it now most fatalities
the number one purpose objective is to
establish identities of the victim
because we are not dealing with just one
510 bodies but in this case more than 70
bodies more bodies brought in from the
mud and rubble family searching for
missing loved ones the Reza was called
in and asked to identify one body
she glanced quickly and looked away it
was the body of alkane her missing
nephew in search of a better life many
Filipinos climbed these mountains hoping
to find gold some were lucky but others
have paid the ultimate price
Jamel Allen Duggan al-jazeera itto go
and beg at province northern Philippines
