there's always a way through migrants
heading to the United States of fond of
saying and so it proved this time around
by River thousands of people in a
controversial Caravan from Honduras made
it into Mexico right under the gaze of
police who blocked off the bridge with
Guatemala they crowded onto small rafts
which usually ferry locals and goods
across the Sioux chiotti River Daisy
like many others comes dreaming of a new
start for herself and her four month old
daughter I hope to get to the US and
that Trump's conscience is touched not
for us but for the children will go
hungry the President Trump is instead
demanding that the caravan be stopped
before it gets to the US heaping
pressure on the Mexican government after
sealing off the border bridge
authorities said they reviewed migrants
cases one by one to check if they
qualified for asylum here it's
excruciating ly slow but some waited
amid a certain amount of chaos here it
does seem that people are around for the
long haul there's trucks handing out
food and water and on the other side you
can see people have hung up a tarpaulin
to try and protect themselves from the
Sun and there's even clothes hung up
against the railing of the bridge to dry
for some the frustration was just too
great and they too took the quicker
route into Mexico once I'm sure they
headed to join more than three thousand
others in the plaza of the nearest town
ciudad de algo soiler con ho and her son
sesor had spent the night there like
most in the caravan they'd walked six
days from Honduras fleeing poverty
there's a lot of hunger you can't find
work and when you do you just earn five
dollars and with that you can't buy
anything you get tired of it as a number
of arrivals in the square group town
authorities offered food and shelter in
the community center migration officials
began processing asylum requests it's
just a start
it probably won't be cleared for some
time who will stay who will continue and
who will be forced to take the long trip
home John Holman al Jazeera ciudad y now
go
