it was one of the most high-profile
murders of an environmental activist in
recent memory the death of 44 year old
betta cassaday's sparked international
condemnation and an investigation that's
lasted more than two years eight men are
now set to stand trial over her death
she was shot and killed in her home in
2016 Cassidy's led a campaign of
indigenous activists to protest the
construction of a hydroelectric dam on
the sa'iqah River a waterway in Honduras
that's considered sacred to the lenka
people at least two of the men charged
with gas citizens murder are connected
to the Desa corporation the company
behind the Sarkar River project the disa
Corporation has denied any involvement
in the murder but the family of betta
Casa de says the investigation has been
full of irregularities and say they
worry the trial won't produce a just
outcome right now the Honduran
government is holding on to
approximately a terabyte of evidence
that they have not handed over to the
prosecution right now the prosecution
has about 50 gigabytes that is a massive
amount of evidence that has not been
released or even looked at by the
Hungarian government Bertha Casillas was
the recipient of the prestigious Goldman
environmental prize
it's believed that her activism is what
led to her murder the cases like these
were activists are targeted and killed
are quite common in Honduras human
rights groups note the country has one
of the highest rates of murders of
environmental activists anywhere in the
world
most of the human rights defenders that
are killed around the world are based in
our region I mean we have the largest
number of human rights defenders who
being killed
and Honduras unfortunately is on top of
the list in Condor s since 2009 more
than 150 human rights defenders have
been killed
allegations of evidence tampering in the
investigation have sparked protests and
friends and family of betta casa de say
they continue to face threats of
violence or death for continuing her
work prosecutors believe that by
uncovering who gave the order to kill
Bertha Cassidy's a precedent could be
set that might help protect other
environmental activists from suffering
her same fate MOA a balloon and jazeera
Washington
