seven meters and soaring in the atrium
of the Design Museum
all thanks to brainwaves the weather
balloon is controlled by visitors minds
their electric brain pulses power the
robotics which ultimately control the
textile airship through virtual reality
goggles the pilot sees the balloon lift
inside the atrium go through the roof
and soar over West London you see
yourself sort of going out over
Kensington and yeah you just just feel a
bit like a balloon yourself very light
and airy it's amazing but the trick is
to relax the more relaxed your state the
more this balloon will will soar and
rise so it's kind of based on sort of
metaphors around sort of breath and
meditation and this idea of like sort of
consciously soaring and rising it's a
fun activity for the London Design
Festival but there are also practical
applications it can help those with
tense Minds learn how to relax and it
could provide soaring adventures for
people who can't move it's also a way
for the museum to attract a different
audience new visitors who have no
interest in sleek Scandinavian design
when you see a balloon you're like yeah
oh wow
joyful memories I can I can connect with
that it's cool it's fun the mine pilot
is also about a more inclusive future
where people with varying physical
abilities can become pilots using their
thoughts to fly jessica baldwin al
jazeera london
