the debate over Iran has always been
polarizing no surprise for a country
that's been on the wrong end of United
States foreign policy for nearly four
decades and with the withdrawal of the
u.s. from the Iran nuclear deal this
year those calling for the hardest line
against the Islamic Republic starting
with more sanctions have received a
boost on the other side of the debate
those pushing back against what many say
is an agenda for regime change a
reporting an online backlash the likes
of which they've not seen before
however the Twitter accounts doing the
trolling may not be the organic
opposition voices that they're made out
to be for all the accusations of
disinformation and fake news from both
sides it's rare that we can point to
facts a location and actual personnel
explaining the modus operandi of an
organized troll Factory the listening
posts will young investigated this story
and the trail has led not to Tehran
Washington DC or Riyadh but to Tirana
in Albania
Iran has now joined Russia as a country
accused of using the Internet to sow
chaos for its adversaries while evidence
of the effectiveness of Iran's campaign
is far from conclusive last month
Twitter announced it had suspended some
800 accounts set to be involved in
coordinated manipulation it said was
linked to the country but there's
another side to this story thousands of
accounts many of them likely automated
that at boosting trends presenting the
Islamic Republic as the implacable enemy
of the west and of the rights of its own
people the turning point was really
Trump's election once it became very
clear from the outset that there would
be really heightened hostility with Iran
there was a profusion of new accounts
anonymous accounts who were very
single-mindedly and purposefully going
after people who wrote about talked
about Iran with nuance the majority of
it is abusive libelous ad hominem and
intended to silence mindful of the
difficulty for Western journalists to be
able to have access to Iran the majority
of journalists are looking to Twitter as
a proxy of where the debate is going
where the sentiments are where the
trends are going Twitter attacks and
these social media campaigns have at
least initially been successful in
giving the impression that this small
minority who is supporting the Trump
administration's policy actually
constitute a majority or a growing
majority the simplest kind of social
media engineering is not much more than
a numbers game Twitter BOTS created by
the hundreds or thousands can be
programmed to tweet and retweet
automatically in order to boost trends
artificially
on a smaller scale individuals or groups
can copy/paste and tweet using several
accounts to multiply the impact of their
ideas Twitter would not share with us
its own methodology for detecting fake
accounts but openly available metadata
can tell us a lot about where to look
when there's loads of box you might see
hundreds and hundreds in some cases
thousands of accounts created on a
specific day the majority of the
accounts tweeting on the free Iran
hashtag they run a regime change hashtag
from the period of late December to May
were created within about four month
window what that would suggest is that a
lot of the activity on those hashtags
for Iran and Iran regime change are bots
but there's only so much you can
discover online so we followed rumors of
an aunt Iranian government fake account
factory to Albania between 2013 and 2016
the United Nations at the behest of the
United States relocated some 2900
members of an exiled Iranian opposition
group calling itself the people's
Mujahedin of Iran or MDK as it's
otherwise known to this camp behind me
less than one hour's drive from the
capital Tirana former members of the
group confirmed that part of this
heavily guarded facility is a troll farm
dedicated to social media manipulation
on an industrial scale we would receive
daily orders highlighting the main
ongoing issues in Iran for example high
prices unemployment poverty we had to
bring them to the attention of the world
by tweeting them and blaming them on the
Islamic regime in one way or the other
this was our duty on a daily basis in
cyberspace
tell us which newspapers had published a
favorable news piece or if a politician
such as John McCain or John Bolton had
spoken against the regime in an
interview we would then like the tweets
and leave comments as if they genuinely
came from people in Iran any piece of
news that could be used to their benefit
and against the Iranian regime would be
gold regardless of where it came from
whether it be Israel the US Trump
because our stance towards those who
even slightly sided with the regime or
were critical of our organization such
as treetop RC was that there were high
Ling's
and puppets of the regime we'd label
them as exported soldiers of the mullahs
regime who are enjoying themselves in
America or then who examine because of
my platform I have received a
significant amount of Twitter attacks of
this kind but I am nowhere near being
alone this is actually a very pervasive
phenomenon the big victim of this is
that we don't have a rational
conversation about policy towards Iran
or even what the situation is like
inside of Iran right now
case in point at the end of 2017 and the
beginning of this year a series of
protests flared up in a number of
Iranian cities hashtags promoting regime
change spiked shaping the narrative for
many in the mainstream media we now know
that much of that online activity was
externally engineered a lot of the
activity around the protests in Iran has
been exploited by whoever setting up
these bot networks a certain community
as it were that are promoting the M ek
and using unrest in Iran as a platform I
have found what I believe to be broad
accounts supportive of the Iranian
government and they do bit reports but
at the moment they seem far smaller in
volume
our orders would tell us which hashtags
to use in our tweets there were popular
hashtags such as national demonstrations
or I will overthrow they told us to use
these hashtags to make them more active
it was our job to provide coverage of
the protests by seeking out tweeting and
retweeting videos as well as adding our
own comments to them overall I'd say
that several thousand accounts are
managed by about 1000 to 1500 m EK
members it was all very well organized
and there were clear instructions about
what needed to be done any other online
activities or web surfing were
prohibited there would tell us that the
device is provided by the organized
were like weapons and our tweets were
bullets to shoot at the enemy so why
waste it to find it immediately
component the cult-like Mujahideen elk
has almost no support in Iran many still
remember the domestic terror campaign it
ran in the years following the
revolution and how m EK forces fought
alongside saddam hussein during the
iran-iraq war however the organization
has cultivated powerful friends abroad
britain lifted its designation as a
terrorist organisation in 2008 the EU
did the same in 2009 and the united
states in 2012 after the m EK was forced
out of iraq it was the u.s. who brokered
a deal to resettle them in albania where
their social media campaign against the
Islamic Republic continues this activity
is very much focused on the debate in
the West because I think the intention
is in part to prepare a public opinion
in the West for whatever kind of regime
change agenda Washington is pursuing if
the regime continues its nuclear
aspirations it will have bigger problems
than it has ever had before these m EK
members they have no way back
they are absolutely desperate and you
know are probably willing to get behind
anything it's not like what happens when
social media stays there anymore it
filters its way into mainstream media
there is so much propaganda so much fake
news it would take very little to create
a wave of what looks like popular
Iranian opinion against the government
that's not necessarily real
the em ek did not agree to our request
for an interview telling us that plots
involving agents of Iran posing as
journalists made any contact impossible
that leaves only defectors stranded in
Albania to tell the story of how
keyboard warriors use and abuse social
media to promote an agenda for regime
change
