raw sewage from blocked and burst pipes
flows through Glenview a poor suburb of
Harare rubbish piles up nearby another
source of disease the Bobby's government
recently declared a cholera emergency in
the capital normal maragua has lived
here for nearly 15 years in that time he
says the abnormal is becoming normal
every year people get sick very worried
because the the dread should be should
be cleaned they combined the the City
Council should come regular in clean all
the changes some household in Harare
haven't had running water for years
people who live here say it's been like
this for months you can smell the raw
sewage in the houses are really close by
they say they've asked the City Council
to do something about it but despite the
cholera outbreak nothing's been done
politicians are blaming each other for
the crisis the new Health Minister
Obadiah Moyer has said the opposition
Rand City Council is mismanaged and
correct the opposition says the
government should provide more money for
water and sanitation Harare city council
workers say they need nearly ten billion
dollars to repair water sewers and roads
the funding has not been so much
forthcoming
also partly because the customers who
use the infrastructure do not pay their
bills the city is old in ages of seven
hundred and eighty million by his
customers which money if it had come
could have gone towards the
rehabilitation of the wastewater system
this latest cholera outbreak is
President MS Managua was first a major
challenge since he won the election in
July residents representatives complain
of corruption even the pipes that have
been laid underground through corruption
they along they assigned their only
companies companies with relationship
with council officials canceled managers
councilors and officials and government
to lay down some of the pipes and these
pipes cannot sustain the huge population
that we now have but they took away
money this is rate payers money and they
need to be held accountable the
government has banned stores selling
Street food in Harare some vendors are
ignoring the order saying is the only
way they can look after they
families health workers warned if
nothing is done about her area
sanitation crisis the number of dead
from cholera and other waterborne
diseases will continue to rise her
Matassa al-jazeera Quranic
