powerful scenes not seen Enid Lib for
years we want or freedom they sing these
scenes a reminder of the early days of
Syria's revolution before the violent
government crackdown before the arrival
of countless foreign backed armed groups
before Russia got involved and changed
the course of this war before millions
were forced from their homes hundreds of
thousands killed before homes and cities
were leveled before the fabric of Syrian
society was arguably destroyed the chant
the same as it was in 2011 the people
want the downfall of the regime today
we're here to fight for the demands of
this revolution that the regime must go
will not reconcile with them whatever
promises they make will never trust this
regime the media lies and they say we're
terrorists but it's a People's
Revolution just like when it started but
so much has changed seven and a half
years on it Lib is the last province
under opposition control representing
the final hopes of Syrians opposition
Syrian government forces and their
allies are expected to recapture the
province that will be done remains a
subject of intensive negotiations
between Turkey and Russia one of the
issues how to separate the so called
terrorist groups from the so-called
moderate opposition
Hayate title sham formally known as the
nusra front is one of the groups labeled
the terrorist organization and accused
of being affiliated with al-qaeda
Turkey's trying to get the group to
disband with no results so far
some sources say the operation will go
in phases and could take many months
more than 3 million Syrians live in
Idlib province their stories often
forgotten among the military and
political developments but this Friday
it's the people who came to the streets
to say no to a military offensive and to
say no to living under a government they
have sacrificed so much to remove
Stephanie Decker al-jazeera Antakya
