he always walked into court with a kind
of swagger promising he would fight till
the end but the end came today a subdued
Paul Manafort told the court he would
plead guilty to two felonies and
cooperate with Special Counsel Robert
Muller in hope of getting a lesser
prison sentence he wanted to make sure
that his family was able to remain safe
and live a good life he's accepted
responsibility and this is for conduct
that dates back many years the charges
date from a decade ago but run through
2016 when mana fort was working to get
Donald Trump elected president they
involved work he did for the pro-russian
government in the Ukraine and ties to
Russian oligarchs he is the highest
official yet to flip he once had the
title of Trump's campaign chairman and
he was in the meeting with the Kremlin
linked lawyer who promised dirt on
Hillary Clinton the president's son and
son-in-law were there too they say there
was no dirt man affort will now tell
prosecutors if that is true Bruce Fein
has worked in the Justice Department and
says this could be very bad news for the
president they would only accept a plea
if they thought they were getting
something serious in return and we know
that the primary target really of the
polar investigation is President Trump
the President had called manna fort
brave for resisting and not flipping and
somewhat unusually he has yet to tweet
about this development but the White
House released a statement saying quote
this had absolutely nothing to do with
the president or his victorious 2016
presidential campaign Muller will
ultimately decide if that is in fact
true and now he has one more key witness
to help him figure it out Patti Col
Haines al Jazeera Washington
