this has truly been a Manic Monday on
Wall Street there's the bank at LeMans
European headquarters here carrying out
their careers in boxes shakes your trust
in American institutions hello I'm
Barbara Sarah and you're at the
listening post here are some of the
stories were covering this week the
financial press didn't quite see the
crash coming ten years ago are they
better equipped to alert us to imminent
economic disasters now another powerful
media man is taken down by the me2
movement on the trail of fake online
accounts and BOTS pushing an agenda of
regime change in Iran and the neck
anomic debate for the ages what can a
government do when there is an economic
crisis exactly a decade ago the world
was hit by the worst economic crisis
since the Great Depression in the u.s.
trillions of dollars were sucked out of
the global economy tens of millions of
people lost their jobs and austerity
economics was imposed across many
countries here at The Listening Post
were reported back then on the failings
of the financial coverage failings that
meant the crash came as a huge surprise
to many around the world the financial
press cheered on a bubble that
eventually burst showed a lack of
skepticism about Wall Street claims and
failed to expose what was in effect mass
fraud on their own beat namely the myth
selling of mortgages to millions of
Americans in the aftermath some outlets
apologized for the shortcomings in their
reporting but ten years old how much has
actually changed the listening-posts
Meenakshi Ravi now on the lessons of
2008 and the new challenges facing
reporters on the business and economy
beats today
right now breaking news here stocks all
around the world are taking because of
the crisis on Wall Street 2008 was a
year of reckoning for governments
regulators financial institutions and
the journalists who reported on them it
was like a war zone think about it the
institutions that had been around since
the Great Depression
Bear Stearns Lehman Brothers Merrill
Lynch for all intents and purposes
disappeared during this crisis there's
the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers the
sale of Merrill Lynch to Bank of America
and word of trouble with the world's
largest insurance company American
International Group most of what drove
the financial crisis was not concealed
by some dastardly James Bond style plot
most of it was just widely ignored by
the public and politicians and most
journalists you know this shakes your
core this shakes your trust in American
institutions most of the coverage
leading up to the crash ignored the the
really central problems which was that
fraud and predatory tactics were rife
and they were really over the crash
critical we are of financial journalism
it molded itself around a system that
was unsustainable that was its failure
but let us never forget that it was
malfeasance and miscalculation and miss
regulation that caused the problem
in the years leading up to the financial
crash global stock markets hit new highs
real estate was booming investment banks
used ever more complicated financial
instruments primarily collateralized
debt obligations CDOs and credit default
swaps see ds's they're not only enabled
riskier and riskier mortgages to be
given but allowed banks to make more and
more money off them when people started
to default on mass the banks found
themselves in too deep in a world in
which banks relied on borrowing from
each other for survival it set off a
domino effect before 2007 and eight
very few mainstream financial outlets
were looking at the world of complex
credit and derivatives and subprime
mortgages and debt I wrote about it a
fair amount myself because I became
absolutely fascinated by the question of
what on earth are the geeks doing in
these dark corners that we don't
understand most journalists thought that
those kind of errors of finance were
boring and technical and dull and you
couldn't get on the front page of a
newspaper you couldn't get it on the top
of the running of his television show
so that whole world got totally ignored
financial journalists in particular
began to understand that all the nuance
and the end the details of these
incredibly complex instruments mattered
but at the same time if you were out
there saying oh my god watch out for
CBS's watch out for CDOs you were
treated like somebody wearing a tinfoil
hat you were not considered somebody who
understood finance probing the culture
of the financial press is central to any
critical examination of its performance
in the years after the crash critics on
the outside and voices from inside the
newsrooms pointed out some of the most
problematic aspects of how the financial
media operates hey Warren my
they cited groupthink a reliance on
access to industry insiders and
crucially a sense that financial
reporters have to be as enthused about
the bottom lines of the companies they
report on as the businesses executives
themselves it's like covering a sports
team you have a tendency and start
cheering because it's more exciting to
cover something where there's lots of
money rolling around and profits are
high and by defining it that way you're
really sort of limiting your scope of
vision you know how are consumers
treated what are the checks and balances
within the company those kind of things
often are forgotten if a company is
doing well if a market is booming it's
very easy to just sort of let the good
times roll one of the really big things
that happened around the start of 21st
century was a television in the
financial world and markets became much
more important it's much easier to
convey a sense of manic excitement
through a television studio interview
than it is in the pages of a newspaper
or a wire service it's fair to say that
people like me who questioned the system
and the sustainability of the boom
well we won't show too dumb but you will
look Chalmers are kind of unnecessary
troublemaker there was a cultural
pressure to say well if the great and
good say goes on forever it goes on
forever less especially because in the
background you've got these relentless
channels of kind of one-dimensional
weird propaganda for the bottom line you
know the American business channels it's
easy to get sucked into their world
there's a question to be asked about
audiences and how their interests shape
journalistic output the financial press
is consumed in large part by a niche
group traders investors bankers and CEOs
what's good news for them say for
instance company mergers or credit
bubbles are often reported positively by
the financial press what often goes
underreported are wider impacts and
concerns this can be contagious because
so many mainstream outlets
take their cues on business and
financial reporting from the specialist
press and then there's the question of
sources business journalists rely on
their relationships with the executives
they report on for stories access is
priceless when you go to your annual
shareholder meeting side you get a
standing ovation for what you've done
there is a careful balance of being able
to get the CEO to come back on your
channel and being able to get the CEO to
give you some news I don't think that in
my experience of either Bloomberg or
CNBC we ever pulled punches we worked
really hard to actually give difficult
interviews you need to ask the question
in a way that isn't rude because the
viewers will immediately think you're
being awful to this guest that you've
invited on your show in the aftermath of
the financial crisis there's been a lot
of introspection by the media
journalists had to face the failings of
their work before 2008 and reassess
their approach to the finance and
economy beats there's still work to be
done the media is still very obsessed
with the issues that create the last
crisis the one thing we can count on is
that the next crisis won't come from
exactly the same era it will be
something else like what's happening
with the pension system today what's
happening with same exchange-traded
funds what's happening with other areas
of financial technology FinTech plus
there are other areas of our life where
you have once again geeks in control of
a technology that no one else
understands I think that the financial
media has become a bit more skeptical
post-2008 but I wouldn't say that
there's been a massive culture change
not thinking about the health of society
health of a nation how well customers
are being treated that's really kind of
a secondary thing so that does wear me
but that says there has been some really
good reporting the Los Angeles Times did
great reporting breaking the Wells Fargo
fake accounts scandal but in general
there are a lot of financial stories out
there that aren't getting the kind of
digging investigative reporting that
they merit I think there is a strategic
mismatch between much of journalism and
the kind of world that we live in
business journalism cannot be like
sports journalism it has to ask the
question should this match even be being
played to the rules it's being played
sports journalism cannot ask that of a
football match we must ask that of a
banking system are the rules right
other players all clips is the game
futile is it destroying the society we
live in we're discussing other media
stories that are on our radar this week
with one of our producers of flow
Phillips so let's start with Les Moonves
longtime boss of one of the biggest US
TV networks that's a CBS and he stepped
down over a series of allegations of
sexual misconduct not the first
resignation we've seen since the start
of the me2 movement why is this one such
a big deal for lots of reasons Barbara
les Moonves as chairman president and
CEO really is CBS or rather he was he
successfully led that network for more
than two decades and such a long time in
this industry is pretty rare but the me2
movement has really changed everything
nobody is off-limits anymore in his fan
of just 10 months CBS has lost Charlie
Rose who hosted the morning news show
Jeff Fager
the head of its signature investigative
program 60 minutes and Moonves after the
allegations about members first surfaced
back in July
CBS launched an investigation but he
hung on even after he'd admitted an
apology is for some of his behavior then
last weekend Ronan Farrow the journalist
credited with the Harvey Weinstein
expose almost a year ago now detailed a
further six allegations from additional
women and Moonves was gone in a matter
of hours Moonves may be gone but there's
still some questions about his seemingly
quite large severance package how big
are we talking about exactly so that's
really gonna depend on the outcome of
this CBS investigation if Moonves is
found to be guilty he'll get nothing
otherwise the details of his contract
mean he could walk away with as much as
million dollars it was originally a
hundred and forty million dollars but
moombas and CBS are collectively
donating 20 million to organizations
that support equality for women in the
workplace and the me2 movement now
needless to say moombas continues to
deny the allegations in pharaoh's
reports will definitely follow
developments on that story let's move on
now to something else that happened
earlier this week YouTube removed
several accounts run by the Syrian
government what reasons have they given
for doing it and why now so we're
talking here about some of the major
channels accounts associated with
President Assad's office the ministry of
defense as well as the syrian arab news
agency SANA this all comes at a time
when Syrian forces along with their
Russian ally have launched fresh strikes
on adlib for last major city held by
anti regime forces YouTube appears to
have been pushed into taking this step
after a report came out detailing how
these accounts were generating income
through ads that were being played
before their content and that's a clear
violation of the 2011 order issued by
President Obama
banning American companies from doing
any business with Syria this potentially
sets a precedent though and the same
thing could happen I guess to the
accounts of other countries and other
governments that the US doesn't get on
with I'm thinking of Iran as an obvious
example potentially in a statement a
YouTube spokesperson said that YouTube
complies with all applicable sanctions
and trade compliance laws if we find
that an account violates our Terms of
Service or Community Guidelines we
disable it now given how active YouTube
and other social media sites have been
lately when it comes to blocking various
content that could indeed be more to
come
flow thank you the debate over Iran has
always been polarizing no surprise for a
country that's been on the wrong end of
United States foreign policy for nearly
four decades and with the withdrawal of
the u.s. from the Iran nuclear deal this
year those calling for the hardest line
against the Islamic Republic starting
with more sanctions have received a
boost on the other side of the debate
those pushing back against what many say
is an agenda for regime change a
reporting on online
backlash the likes of which they've not
seen before
however the Twitter accounts doing the
trolling may not be the organic
opposition voices that they're made out
to be for all the accusations of
disinformation and fake news from both
sides it's rare the we can point to
facts a location and actual personnel
explaining the modus operandi of an
organized troll Factory the listening
posts will young investigated this story
and the trail has led not to Tehran
Washington DC or Riyadh but to Tirana in
Albania
Iran has now joined Russia as a country
accused of using the Internet to sow
chaos for its adversaries while evidence
of the effectiveness of Iran's campaign
is far from conclusive last month
Twitter announced it had suspended some
800 accounts set to be involved in
coordinated manipulation it said was
linked to the country but there's
another side to this story thousands of
accounts many of them likely automated
that at boosting trends presenting the
Islamic Republic as the implacable enemy
of the west and of the rights of its own
people the turning point was really
Trump's election once it became very
clear from the outset that there would
be really heightened hostility with Iran
there was a profusion of new accounts
anonymous accounts who were very
single-mindedly and purposefully going
after people who grew about talked about
Iran with nuance the majority of it is
abusive libelous ad hominem and intended
to silence mindful of the difficulty for
Western journalists to be able to have
access to Iran the majority of
journalists are looking to Twitter as a
proxy of where the debate is going where
the sentiments are where the trends are
going Twitter attacks and these social
media campaigns have at least initially
been successful in giving the impression
that this small minority who is
supporting the Trump administration's
policy actually constitute a majority or
a growing majority the simplest kind of
social media engineering is not much
more than a numbers game Twitter BOTS
created by the hundreds or thousands can
be programmed to tweet and retweet
automatically in order to boosts trends
artificially
on a smaller scale individuals or groups
can copy/paste and tweet using several
accounts to multiply the impact of their
ideas Twitter would not share with us
its own methodology for detecting fake
accounts but openly available metadata
can tell us a lot about where to look
when there's loads of box you might see
hundreds and hundreds in some cases
thousands of accounts created on a
specific day the majority of the
accounts tweeting on the free ear on
hashtag they run a regime-change hashtag
from the period of late December to May
were created within about four month
window what that would suggest is that a
lot of the activity on those hashtags
for Iran and Iran region change our BOTS
but there's only so much you can
discover online so we followed rumors of
an aunt Iranian government fake account
factory to Albania between 2013 and 2016
the United Nations at the behest of the
United States relocated some 2900
members of an exiled Iranian opposition
group calling itself the People's Maha
Dean of Iran or m EK as it's otherwise
known to this camp behind me less than
one hour's drive from the capital Tirana
former members of the group confirmed
that part of this heavily guarded
facility is a troll farm dedicated to
social media manipulation on an
industrial scale we would receive daily
orders highlighting the main ongoing
issues in Iran for example high prices
unemployment poverty we had to bring
them to the attention of the world by
tweeting them and blaming them on the
Islamic regime in one way or the other
this was our duty on a daily basis in
cyberspace
tell us which newspapers had published a
favorable news piece or if a politician
such as John McCain or John Bolton had
spoken against the regime in an
interview we would then like the tweets
and leave comments as if they genuinely
came from people in Iran any piece of
news that could be used to their benefit
and against the Iranian regime would be
gold regardless of where it came from
whether it be Israel the US Trump
because our stance towards those who
even slightly sided with the regime or
were critical of our organization such
as treetop RC was that there were high
Ling's
and puppets of the regime we'd label
them as exported soldiers of the mullahs
regime who are enjoying themselves in
America or an who because of my platform
I have received a significant amount of
Twitter attacks of this kind but I am
nowhere near being alone this is
actually a very pervasive phenomenon the
big victim of this is that we don't have
a rational conversation about policy
towards Iran or even what the situation
is like inside of Iran right now
case in point at the end of 2017 in the
beginning of this year a series of
protests flared up in a number of
Iranian cities hashtags promoting regime
change spiked shaping the narrative for
many in the mainstream media we now know
that much of that online activity was
externally engineered a lot of the
activity around the protests in Iran has
been exploited by whoever setting up
these bot networks a certain community
as it were that are promoting the M ek
and using unrest in Iran as a platform I
have found what I believed to be broad
accounts supportive of the Iranian
government and they do bit to be BOTS
but at the moment they seem far smaller
in volume our orders would tell us which
hashtags to use in our tweets there were
popular hashtags such as national
demonstrations or I will overthrow they
told us to use these hashtags to make
them more active it was our job to
provide coverage of the protests by
seeking out tweeting and retweeting
videos as well as adding our own
comments to them overall I'd say that
several thousand accounts are managed by
about 1000 to 1500 m EK members it was
all very well organized and there were
clear instructions about what needed to
be done any other online activities or
web surfing were prohibited they would
tell us that the device is provided by
the organizer
were like weapons and our tweets were
bullets to shoot at the enemy so why
waste it to find immediate racial
equality the cult-like Mujahideen elk
has almost no support in Iran many still
remember the domestic terror campaign it
ran in the years following the
revolution and how m EK forces fought
alongside saddam hussein during the
iran-iraq war however the organization
has cultivated powerful friends abroad
Britain lifted its designation as a
terrorist organization in 2008 the EU
did the same in 2009 and the United
States in 2012 after the m EK was forced
out of iraq it was the u.s. who brokered
a deal to resettle them in albania where
their social media campaign against the
Islamic Republic continues this activity
is very much focused on the debate in
the West because I think the intention
is in part to prepare a public opinion
in the West for whatever kind of regime
change agenda Washington is pursuing if
the regime continues its nuclear
aspirations it will have bigger problems
than it has ever had before these m EK
members they have no way back
they are absolutely desperate and you
know are probably willing to get behind
anything it's not like what happens when
social media stays there anymore
it filters its way into mainstream media
there is so much propaganda so much fake
news it would take very little to create
a wave of what looks like popular
Iranian opinion against the government
that's not necessarily real
the em ek did not agree to our request
for an interview telling us that plots
involving agents of Iran posing as
journalists made any contact impossible
that leaves only defectors stranded in
Albania to tell the story of how
keyboard warriors use and abuse social
media to promote an agenda for regime
change and finally we're closing our
show this week with a video that came
out in the years just after the 2008
crash with so much talk of finance and
the economy becoming mainstream an
American economist and the TV producer
teamed up and created a rap battle to
break down a long-running debate on how
governments should react to an economic
crisis the two main characters in this
video are the 20th century economists
John Maynard Keynes and Friedrich von
Hayek Keynes our flamboyant Brit argued
that government spending was needed to
grow the economy out of recession Hayek
a more measured Austrian believed the
opposite that government attempts to
control the economy were the problem
neither man lived to see the crisis and
in this video entitled fear the
boom-and-bust they are reborn strangely
with American accents however given
where the financial crisis and rap both
originated it's something we can
overlook we'll see you next time right
here at the listening post John Maynard
Keynes wrote the book on modern macro
the man you meet when the economy's off
track depression recession now your
questions in session have a seat and
I'll show you
19:29 the big crash we didn't bounce
back economies in the trash persistent
unemployment the result of sticky wages
waiting for recoveries that's outrageous
I had a real plan any fool can
understand the advice real simple who's
that girl get the man see my G all
together gets to Y keep that toe and
watch the economy fly isn't the boom of
my theory it's the animal spirits
