pooty rebel forces say these are
civilians caught in the Saudi emirati
led coalition's line of fire in her data
the Hootie's say at least 15 civilians
were killed on Thursday evening and 20
injured this man asked why have these
people being killed the Hootie's say
this is kilo 16 the main road link
between the Red Sea port of Hadera and
the capital sana controlled by hootie
rebels if fully verified these deaths
and injuries will add ammunition to a
different battle one that was waged this
week in the United States Congress US
politicians convinced by a report that
blamed the coalition for unnecessary
civilian deaths failed to pass a
resolution to stop u.s. support for the
Saudis further down the road in Sabine
hospital where supplies are meant to go
different images burnt into the fearful
thoughts of parents and would-be mothers
and fathers all across Yemen there's no
need for confirmation here the most
vulnerable suffer in war in Yemen it
goes to extremes aid agencies warm that
if the supply line of food medicine and
other aid stays cut then malnutrition
could kill more babies than weapons do
it's a United Nations official though
who explains what's at stake the
conflict has made Yemen a living hell
for its children over 11 million
children or about 80% of the country's
under-18 population are in need of
humanitarian assistance they face the
threat of food shortages diseases
displacement and acute lack of access to
basic social services ut rebels have
posted video which they say shows an
ambush on government fighters in the
Saudi emirati led coalition near hadera
Saudi reports say Hootie's have been
fleeing the battlefield the rebels deny
that and the hooot is a warning that
food depots could come under attack on
the pretext of coalition claims that
weapons are stored there whatever the
truth in this war the attempts to bring
calm and some hope of dialogue still
rests heavily on the shoulders of the UN
Special Envoy Martin Griffiths he met
the hootie delegation that should have
been in Geneva last week in the amani
capital Muscat on Thursday
