a hurricane in America a super typhoon
in the Philippines the signs of climate
change are everywhere
wildfires last longer at bigger and more
intense rising oceans lengthy droughts
extremes are increasingly common what
can be done this is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I am
Hashim Alberta much of the world's
attention this week has been on two
powerful storms Hurricane Florence in
the United States and super typhoon
Bankard in the Philippines what were
once we're forces of nature are becoming
almost regular events it's further
evidence of climate change and that our
ability to do something about it is
narrowing but again with this report
from California where a major conference
on climate change is currently underway
it's a state that has seen more than its
share of extremes his robe Reynolds more
intense fires more devastating droughts
deadly heat waves with tens of thousands
of premature deaths a rising ocean and
disastrous floods that's the future
California faces due to man-made global
warming over the next century according
to a major new state climate change
assessment University of California
scientist Stephanie pencil helped review
the findings the future seems dire if we
don't do anything the assessment says
heat waves and polluted air could cause
up to 11,000 deaths annually by
mid-century the pain of climate change
will be felt most acutely by vulnerable
poor and marginalized people the poor
are gonna be hit by the apocalyptic
future like the poor are always hit by
any account apocalypse harder and the
worse aging infrastructure like this
major dam that nearly failed last year
will be heavily stressed by heavier
rains and flooding associated with the
change in climate California is already
dealing with the biggest most deadly
outbreak of wildfires in state history
but the assessment says the area burned
by such conflagrations will increase
seventy seven percent by the turn of the
century and two-thirds of California's
famous beaches could completely
disappear by then devoured by the
Pacific rising nearly three
meters above its current level in
response to these dire warnings about
climate change California's legislature
and its governor have instituted a new
law that would phase out the use of all
fossil fuels to generate the state's
electricity
the law requires California to rely on
renewable sources like solar and wind
power for 60% of its energy by 2030 and
for using only carbon free sources
including nuclear power by 2045 it's not
gonna be easy and it will not be
immediate but it must be done
California is committed to doing
whatever is necessary to meet the
existential threat of climate change but
with President Donald Trump's
repudiation of the Paris climate Accord
and his efforts to increase coal mining
and relaxed standards for fuel-efficient
vehicles California is taking the lead
hoping other states and cities will help
it stave off a fiery and foreboding
future Rob Reynolds al Jazeera Los
Angeles 2018 has seen extreme weather
patterns across the globe scientists are
trying to find explanations for these
new phenomena Europe has just gone
through a summer of record heat that so
wildfires breakout above the Arctic
Circle most of the fires were in Sweden
which experienced its worst drought in
74 years
firefighters in California battled more
than six thousand wildfires that burned
1 million acres of land
experts say the u.s. wildfire season is
now 87 days longer than it was 30 years
ago and record rainfall in Japan
triggered landslides that smashed homes
and forced evacuations in July that was
followed by two weeks of severe heat
more than 300 people in Japan died due
to extreme weather related incidences
let's bring in our panel from Asheville
North Carolina in the path of the
hurricane Florence Andrew Jones the
co-founder and director of climate
interactive from Boulder Colorado Kevin
Trenberth senior scientist at the
National Center for Atmospheric Research
and from Potsdam in Germany Stefan
Rahmstorf chairman of the earth impact
analysis research domain at the Potsdam
Institute for climate impact research
welcome to you all
Andrew are we talking here about in
normal stones season or there's more to
it it is just an enormous season here in
North Carolina and it's fascinating how
we created some of this ourselves
they're scientists like Professor
Rahmstorf had been predicting sea level
rise on the North Carolina coast for a
long time but local politicians passed a
law in 2012 saying that they could not
include those forecasts in real estate
development more houses were built and
now those houses are being hit by
hurricane Florence and I'm getting text
because we opened up I opened up a
couple rooms in my house and people are
coming and fleeing the storm here to the
mountains of North Carolina where I am
further inland it's in quite a year that
we created some what Kevin now we have
Florence battering of Carolinas you have
the man code in the Philippines
unprecedented waves of heat in the
European continent are we have we
entered the age of extreme weather is
now certainly the climate change factor
the expert global warming the extra heat
that exists from the climate change is
exacerbating all of these events so
there's a tremendous amount of natural
variability where these events occur
from one year to the next is largely
natural but when they occur they're more
extreme than they used to be
now this this ranges from
the droughts and wildfires to these very
strong storms Stephan there's this
interesting study by climate modeler
Kevin Reed of the Stony Brook University
in New York we said that the Florence
was bigger than it would be had it
occurred in a we're in a world where
there's no human-caused warming is this
the case is this an indication that this
is because it's a human-induced
phenomenon well this is what is called
an attribution study and that compares
predictions of how the storm develops in
the world as it is today with elevated
greenhouse gas levels and we're in a
second run a prediction without the
elevated greenhouse gas levels in order
to isolate the effect of climate change
and indeed this study found that the
storm was likely bigger than it would
have been without global warming and
that actually conforms to an trend
towards bigger storms mm-hmm and ooh I
mean let's start with the hurricane
flores which is seems to be unique in a
way or another because of its slowing
pace it will be hovering above
Carolina's for almost 36 hours
is this something bad at what impact
would have on the areas affected in
general yeah much like what we just
heard about that Stoneybrook study the
forecast was for 50% more rainfall due
to the effect of climate change so yes
we are seeing a slower storm it seems
like it's much more like hurricane
harvey which a year ago dumped so much
rain for so many days on Houston so what
we're seeing here even in the mountains
as more people who are just getting
rained out and flooded out and in this
is no surprise we've had the since 1980
we've had a doubling of the frequency of
flooding events and now we're actually
seeing that here in North Carolina on
first hand mr. Trumbull we've been
talking over the last few months on this
particular show about the climate change
the changing patterns worldwide but just
to try to further understand this
phenomena can we say at this particular
moment that we have gone through the
tipping point and that the pattern now
is absolutely definitely irreversible
well well climate change is clearly
witnessed I think it's greatly
underestimated by many many people by a
number of politicians in particular and
it's also underestimated in terms of its
current impact in terms of the economy
by the by the the people who deal with
all of the finances and so on you know
the cost of the storms last year was
something like 300 billion dollars you
know the general estimate I think is
that in the US the cost of climate
change is certainly tens of billions of
dollars every year and and so to do
something about it it's actually
economic to do that mr. Donchev
I mean we are in the domain of science
but still I feel like the lines here
Blair this is one of the most
politicized issues people say it's not
true the others say no this is just
advanced by the left is to try to
perpetrate their own agenda what do you
think should be done now by the
scientists community and by the
policymakers worldwide to try to at
least slow down the climate change well
it's it is an unfortunate truth that
there are a lot of people that don't
want to face a harsh reality and they'd
rather deny it or close their eyes to it
that won't solve the problem though we
have known about this problem for more
than half a century in 1965 there was
the first official government report to
the then United States president lyndon
b johnson about the impending global
warming due to rising greenhouse gases
and that basically already predicted all
the things that are happening like
melting
sheets and sea level rise and because we
have lost so much time debating and
debating whether this is an urgent
problem or not it has just simply become
more and more urgent and now we're in
the middle of a crisis and we have to
really hit the brakes on global
emissions very hard if we want to stop
global warming as was agreed in Paris in
the Paris agreement in 2015 we'll talk
later about the Paris agreement mr.
Jones
the IPCC which is the Intergovernmental
Panel on Climate Change predict stunning
incredible rise in global temperature
over the next century which begs the
question what should be the next step to
be taken by the international community
since this is a pattern that we have to
deal with yeah well said and I'd like to
use this to address mr. Hashim what you
said about how we had passed a tipping
point the answer is no we still are in
this mode where we both need to manage
the unavoidable mm-hmm we're seeing
hurricanes we need to manage what is
here manage the unavoidable but we also
can avoid so much that is unmanageable
well into the future and that's what is
the international bodies need to do we
need to stop burning coal oil and gas
peak investment in infrastructure in
coal oil and gas by 2020 invest in
energy efficiency less methane let's
HFCS and F gases more electrification of
vehicles all these things across the
board can be done and frankly the whole
UN F Triple C process pulled together
the Paris agreement is set up to do that
we just need to do much more of it much
more aggressively so that we don't
create future McCain florence's Kevin
but if there is still wiggle room to
just something to fix the situation but
then again when you look at the vital
signs of the planet the carbon emission
global temperature the Arctic ice
minimum and the ice sheets and the sea
level they're not good at all they're
indicative of a cataclysmic
transformation yet to happen so
how can we handle this situation in
particular well in addition to the need
to address the underlying cause of the
problem that is to say cut down on
emissions of carbon dioxide and other
greenhouse gases and the the their
effects on the climate we have to
recognize that climate change is already
with us and this means we have to adapt
to the plan for the climate change
that's already with us this means
building resiliency of various cons
preparing for the consequences of what
we are already going to have to deal
with and this is one of the things which
is very apparent it's not happening
anything like enough but was strongly
evident last year for instance and he's
in the threat for hurricanes in Houston
throughout the Caribbean and in Florida
and in Puerto Rico has been very clear
for a number of years and it was
appalling to me the lack of preparation
the lack of adaption and resiliency with
regard to things like electrical systems
and flooding and so on we're seeing that
again in North Carolina here yet you
know two years ago a hurricane Matthew
went through the same area and they had
more than 10 inches of rain over
extensive areas and there was flooding
and still they have not got the
capability of dealing with this in a
reasonable fashion hey Stefan don't you
think that the science scientist
community itself should reinvent itself
in a way or another to try to convince
people I'll give you an example you've
been saying for quite some time that
they feel fossil fuel industry may need
to should change but do you think that
they are ready to sort of ditch that
industry for the sake of a cleaner
planet aren't we here trying to find out
a different approach to try to convince
people that it's about time to change
well I don't think it can be blamed on
the scientific community because the
scientific community has really done its
job informing the people in forming the
see makers we have this
intergovernmental panel on climate
change that issues regular reports and
yes they could be more readable and
accessible but basically the facts have
been clear for a very long time and
scientists have very clearly
communicated those and so I think it is
very clear if we want to fulfill the
Paris agreement and stay below well
below two degrees then we have to reach
zero global emissions around the middle
of the century
and time is really running out and I
would say it's not just the
international organizations it's now the
national governments every single
national government has to look how it's
going to reach the it's part of the goal
of the Paris agreement and that includes
my government in Germany we are not on
track either speaking of raising
awareness and good guy had Sandra about
scientific methods my colleague at MIT
professor John Sturman says research
shows that showing people research
doesn't work mm-hmm funny research shows
that showing people research does it
work so what we're experimenting with
and what we think is necessary and what
does work is giving people experiences
such as games such as interactive
simulation experiences we've developed
them on adaptation but also one called
world climate played by 50,000 people
around the world where they actually
live the Paris agreement and we find
that 81 percent of people who go through
the game even those who are against free
market regulation are more committed to
action so we as scientists need to find
different ways to get engaged people on
their own terms
bringing in emotion and heart and not
just we can do this if we change our
ices I see a point Kevin don't you find
it baffling that in a desolate area in
the desert in Africa people believe in
climate change when you go to places
like the United States of America which
is one of the most advanced societies in
the world
despite the body
dated despite the most sophisticated
satellite imagery that you get from NASA
and other circles authorities still are
in denial about climate change
this relates of course to vested
interests very much so and there is huge
amounts of funding millions of dollars
from the fossil fuel industry in
particular designed to distort the
pictures and undermine messages from
scientists that this is a real problem
and we need to plan for it and we need
to deal with what we've already got and
and there are some people at very high
levels in the government in the United
States who just don't have any regard
for facts whatsoever I mean it's really
it's really disconcerting and you know
it's hard to make progress when those
kinds of people have power ok Stefan it
has been widely said that the Paris
agreement could be the best way out to
stop the clock from ticking down towards
doomsday let's talk a little bit about
some of the guidelines of the Paris
agreement first reducing the carbon
emissions as soon as possible do you
think that that's possible when you
don't have any binding legally binding
resolution that puts more pressure on
countries to follow suit well it is a
binding agreement it's just that there
are no sanctions if you don't actually
fulfill your obligations but it is
actually very difficult because we don't
have a world government we still are at
the stage where the world is composed of
a large number of nation states almost
200 of them and if you try to install a
top down agreement where there are
sanctions and governments are forced to
certain emissions reductions then we
simply would not get an agreement
because there are always some especially
countries that see themselves as
superpowers that are not going to submit
to any sanctions presented by the
international community or some kind of
international body and so I think
unfortunately maybe but
it's the only way that it can work is
the way the Paris agreement works in
that there are these voluntary
commitments by all the individual
nations and then there has to be just
some kind of political pressure pro4 on
all the countries to actually honor
their commitments speaking about that
political pressure in particular
Andrew how is it possible to maintain
global warming below two degrees Celsius
in practical terms in very practical
terms oh and by the way the Paris
agreement we dub the calculations
instead of heading to four point two
we're headed about three point three
degrees if all countries follow those
actions so what we see is that we need
to take actions that will take us from
three point three down to two and just
yesterday several days ago I was in San
Francisco government three Brown has
pulled together the global climate
action summit with sub-national actions
so he has all around the world people
who are you know mayors and heads of
states and cities and corporations I
actually had to leave early because of
Hurricane Florence it was a lot of
people did as well what needs to happen
is actions at those levels and what
we're finding at those levels is that
we're cities and corporations are saving
money with clean energy and energy
efficiency communities are doing what we
call multi solving capturing the
benefits a of cleaner air less coal
helps the climate but less coal really
helps respiratory disease in asthma or
kids in school productivity we get to
take advantage of the short term
benefits mm-hm and do all the things
that are needed at that sub-national
actions mm-hm and what that would coerce
peaking call oil gas before 2025 we seen
on the order of six to eight percent a
year to what several people have
mentioned near net by 2050 okay Kevin
but at the same time when the most
influential nation on earth the United
States of America pulls out from the
Paris agreement it really sends a bad
message for you the sign
science science community and for
everyone who is willing despite all the
challenges he faced
is to try to shift towards clean energy
yes so I think there could be a major
transformation if there is a real price
put on carbon and so we need to
decarbonize the economy and a lot of
this these incentives have to occur
probably at the governmental level and
adhere to across all of the nations and
once this occurs and that could occur
quite rapidly in the private sector will
very quickly get onboard it has to be
implemented in the right way in a
gradual fashion but but this is not
going to happen with the with the
current government the in the United
States the second thing as a part of the
Paris agreement is the presence of this
green fund in which the developed
countries are supposed to contribute
funds in order to enable other countries
to build resilience when I say boy that
to climate change and okay not make the
same mistakes of the developed countries
by going down the route of ISIL or icing
this is going to be my electricity this
is going to be my last question Stephane
do you think it's about time for us to
try to think about alternatives instead
of quick fixes like moving populations
towards inland rebuilding the
infrastructure because when you read the
literature it seems that we are into
what looks like a new era well I think
we already know much of the solutions we
just have to implement them so we don't
have to think about new solutions
although obviously it helps to improve
them but we know we can go hunger to
send renewable energy in the next
decades if only we want to if there's a
political will to do that and I think
that is still the main thing that is
lacking and of course in terms of
adaptation I think people will either
move away from some vulnerable coastal
areas or they will be forced out in some
flooding disaster and on on that
particular positive note our program
comes to an end and
Jones Kevin Trenberth Stefan Rahmstorf
thank you very much indeed looking
forward to seeing you in the near future
to continue our conversation about
climate change and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
anytime by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ inside story for me Hashim Alberta
and the whole team here bye for now
