whoa this is the one just before the
crash life was good for Betty Nicanor
her parents and her kids they'd recently
bought a brand-new house our house was
just huge it was a really big house it
had five bedrooms four bathrooms all of
all of that it just seemed so perfect
but the dream house proved to be a cruel
illusion a salesman had convinced her
father may Nardo to sign an adjustable
rate mortgage on a property worth seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars but
the family's income was only sixty
thousand dollars a year in 2008 and 2009
the area's housing prices plummeted like
they did nationwide and their home
payments rose higher and higher unable
to make the monthly payments they
reached out to their bank we try to
refinance they wouldn't help us three
weeks later monarda lost his job and the
dream house was sold what was the home
worth by then 3:30 you bought it at
$750,000 yes and it was worth less than
him yes the family wound up nearly broke
with their credit ruined I would give
half or three years I lost everything
this area of California Riverside County
was one of the hardest hit during the
housing collapse and the recession it
had the third highest rate of home
foreclosures in the entire u.s. fabian
casa Reza's organization helps
low-income people with home ownership it
was chaos here we were Ground Zero the
market was just you know upside down
here it was it was it was chaos it was
total chaos and you know it took years
to get out of it and I was there and I
still dare to say that we're still in it
the nikah doors struggled to get back on
their feet
my mom was the one who took it the
hardest she went into depression you
know my dad was just like broken into he
was like you know I can't believe this
happened to us
Gloria Nicanor suffered a series of
strokes and heart attacks and earlier
this year May Nardo Nicanor was
diagnosed with colon
cancer he's had surgery and has to wear
a portable chemotherapy pump but he
continues to work every day
the nichkhun ORS have saved some money
and are now in the process of buying a
modest house nearby a step towards
security after a decade of pain Rob
Reynolds al-jazeera Harris California
