alejandra Ciriaco is struggling to
recover from her son's death last week
she belongs to the calm indigenous
community in Chaco
one of Argentina's poorest provinces he
was a good boy he was always smiling
always playing he did not deserve what
happened to him we are good people we
work in what we can and do not have much
but we are honest my son would never
steal a loot a supermarket he was a good
student if mal was 13 years old he was
going to meet his mother in a nearby
neighborhood when a group of people
allegedly tried to rob a supermarket in
the chaos that followed Ismail was shot
tension has been on the rise in
Argentina as food prices have increased
because of the financial crisis Salina
PMI says the incident in science pena is
an example of the difficulties
indigenous communities face every day
yet ironically they look at us and say
those dark disgusting Indians from the
north a useless and come to steal but
that's not what happened
Argentina's government gives cash
handouts through a card scheme to help
poor families selena says on this
occasion the card was withheld by the
shop owner and those who went to the
supermarket wanted it back what I meant
they Luanne you ate what happened is
that you leave your car at the
supermarket because we can only buy the
basics so they kept it as a guarantee to
make sure we pay the problem is we never
know what we are being charged and he
keeps on marking the prices up and
that's a big problem when it affects
those who can barely make enough to
survive indigenous communities in
northern Argentina have historically
been neglected by the states they're
suffering from high levels of
undernourishment disease and lack of
basic services this is the place that
members of this community get their
water from and that's why in times of
economic crisis they're in desperate
need of help we went to talk to the
owner of the shop where the shooting
happened he denied any wrongdoing having
repercussions on the prices because of
the devaluation so it's confusing for us
too so we try to catch
those who came here wanted to rob us
they had no excuse but the communities
insist that is not the case the economic
crisis is affecting the poor in every
possible way and while the government
tries to contain the impact for some it
is already too late
Teresa Waugh al-jazeera science Pena
Argentina
