welcome to omitsu Kajiura or
confidential whale the name aside the
owner says he's hoping people will find
their way to his Tokyo restaurant to
enjoy will culinary creations
my hope is people will discover more
about Japan's culinary secrets through
will me for centuries the Japanese have
hunted whales as an economical source of
protein I've grown up eating it's
strange that we can't do that today the
International Whaling Commission or IWC
banned commercial whaling in 1985 except
for research and subsistence in
indigenous communities it blamed what it
called over exploitation by the whaling
industry for a decline in the population
now as a result of that ban it says most
whale species are rebounding Japan says
the time has come to end the ban at an
international meeting on whaling this
week in Brazil Japan's proposal is
facing a tidal wave of opposition that
we don't want to see any wireless code
whether they killed because the you know
commercial whaling or whether it's the
so called scientific whaling Japan isn't
the only country in favor of whaling
Iceland and Norway continue to hunt
whale commercially they provide
information on their catch to the
international governing body
I think there's a difference between
food cultures if people overseas know
more about the reasons why it's even
here they might understand better and if
they could also tell Japan why they
don't consume it maybe that will change
Japan too for now a divide remains
between countries wanting to kill whales
for food and research and those viewing
a ban as the only way to protect a
species that includes some of the
largest creatures ever to live on earth
Natacha guy named al Jazeera
