filmmaker writer and a symbol of
defiance in Ukraine
Alec sentsov may be hailed as a hero by
those campaigning for the release of
political prisoners in Russia but it has
cost him his freedom his arrest in 2014
by Russian security forces following the
annexation of Crimea on charges of
conspiring to commit terrorism
catapulted his case to the world stage
sentsov has always denied the charges
yet he remains one of the most vocal
opponents of the takeover of his native
region by Russia he served three years
of a 20-year sentence the european
parliament continues to call for his
release the prize has been awarded to
him because of his courage and his
determination the Ukrainian filmmaker
oleg sentsov has become a symbol of the
fights for the release of political
prisoners in russia and all over the
world by granting him this award the
European Parliament would like to show
their support to him and his cause Soph
is serving his sentence at a Russian
penal colony north of the Arctic Circle
in May he began a hunger strike
demanding all Ukrainian political
prisoners be freed but his health
deteriorated and he ended his protest
after 145 days to avoid being force-fed
by prison authorities his supporters
have vowed to continue the fight and
hope that this prize could further
pressure Russia to release him but
Moscow has so far ignored any calls for
his freedom or that of others
sonnig ago al Jazeera
