new evidence 15 cricket matches fixed at
the highest levels of the al-jazeera's
investigative unit has obtained
recordings of a match fix the speaking
to a notorious engine bookmaker new
evidence of corruption follows the
documentary cricket smack fixes which
rocked the sport in May 2000 18 we are
investigating match fixing on an
international scale
yachting the game fixing during
investigation on fraud and malpractice
is surrounding cricket prosecutors
investigation spotlights are sickening
reality we discover that the match fix
are involved in recent england and
australia tests has been corrupting
international cricket since 2010 how
many years have you been doing this
fixing matches six to seven years
his name Annie almond our an operative
for a powerful South Asian mafia he
looks after the betting syndicate of the
company
come on in now is a very high-profile
figure in match-fixing in international
cricket
this is irrefutable Minar is seen near
cricket stars though there's no
suggestion that these players are
involved in match fixing it is
disturbing that the most famous player
in cricket today should have been so
easily accessed by and the Ilmenau of
the recordings include a call made by
menara to an unnamed english cricketer
only their Gong will be graded in a week
not and evidence of the games governing
body the International Cricket Council
knew about menara as long ago as 2010
there was no doubt whatsoever in the
mind of the ICC that Manawa was a match
fixer so how was Bernauer
able to continue fixing matches for a
further seven years you've got a large
chunk of the history of the game
pushes to be questioned
come in hello I met Minar on five
occasions in 2016 and 2017 I was
introduced to man hour by a middle man
who's worked for underworld bosses we
filmed using concealed cameras 60 to 70%
matches and we can set you say fix yeah
thanks I was posing as a British
businessman looking to buy information
about fixes for crooked investors
Manohar described what he could offer
that's winnings of up to one and a half
million u.s. dollars per fix Minar was
central to our 18-month investigation
that triggered headlines around the
world fixing scandal hit international
cricket the allegations aired in an Al
Jazeera documentary relate to the third
Test between Australia and India in
Ranchi last year one of the more
high-profile allegations involved two
Australian players whose names we've
withheld but our said they were paid to
underperform as a match in India in
March 2017
they worked exactly we were watching and
the runway just slowed
Patty and Australian players dismissed
Al Jazeera's evidence and denied that a
fix had taken place
the claims that unsubstantiated and as
far as I'm concerned our players we have
nothing to worry about in another much
publicized claim Manoa provided advanced
details of a fix during England's tour
of India in 2016 which team of yukatas
in England or India England the England
and Wales Cricket Board the ECB denied
that any of its players had carried out
spot fixes staff and players rejected
al-jazeera's evidence no I think it's
outrageous to be honest we'll just leave
that up to the ECB to deal with
outrageous sir England players have been
accused of this if there's something
there that needs to be investigated I
can assure you won't be sweeping it
under the carpet now al-jazeera's
investigative unit has obtained further
evidence of man-hours role as a
prominent match fixer files established
but ours connections with the betting
underworld
the dossier includes evidence of two
dozen fixers in 15 international matches
played in 2011 and 12 fellow Omega P
files later
John Comyn Lewiston milega called I do
notice an IRA deactivating mr. danaiah
the files suggest that the fixers are
carried out by batsmen who agree to
underperform some of the world's most
celebrated players were batting when the
fixers allegedly occurred these players
cannot call them in any way other than
high-profile elite international players
the recordings appear to indicate the
two or three players were involved in
each fix and it was not always the same
players from each team delivering the
fix the evidence points to a small group
of England players for carrying out
thought fixes in seven matches Australia
players in five matches and Pakistan
players in three players from other
teams carried out spot fixes in one
match in some cases both teams delivered
a fix historically England Australian is
supposed to be fixing matches and that
will stand the cricketing world
Cardinal Keller each return Banega
account ID pellagra o mondragor there's
another game here where Manoa appears to
have both teams fixing for him I kinda
sorta chocolate come on dougie
it's just mind-blowing that it's been
exposed in in such detail and that the
games are so rotten
when our story starts in Ahmedabad the
largest city in the Indian state of
Gujarat we've obtained audio recording
to a source who worked for a notorious
bookmaker man our is unaware that the
recordings were when our supplies
information or match-fixing to the
bookmaker who then places bets and makes
money on pre-arranged outcomes the
bookmaker was Dinesh Kalki a well-known
local gangster who's operated for more
than two decades from Gujarat Mahesh
Devi used to work for him master of mine
put up with Raj Kawada Joe Torre's
little Buki I was talking the other day
superb walking in lazada yacht Bala
Hissar tugga pasta once luxurious uttama
resort where cow ghee ran a lucrative
gambling and match-fixing operation is
now locked and deserted
but for many years it was the hub of a
major criminal operation the city's
police chief was aware of Calgary's
activities the man is a criminal and
they were mortally afraid of it here
that much about the betting business was
run from a series of rooms hidden from
the public order Pantera
Joey beza whose capacity Luca Luca or
lack of innocent people Donita how he
was arrested many times but always
bounced back he would drive the cops he
would give money to the politicians that
is how they run the business they are
regular game plan cops are ready to
accept his konami munafa for yeah
gujarat Connie yeah you can Sudama you
showed me Manitoba Skoda kaya or the
National give yourself a chip Delta will
be the entire or a lecture room a no-no
Calabar cheap car today
Kalki installed software to record calls
from gamblers placing bets this
prevented arguments over who owed him
money he also recorded menara calling in
details of the fixed matches the cache
of these recordings has been obtained by
Al Jazeera o Pakistan here you can
observe the values contain the words I'm
Reza met Rita pure pure America
for DK DK I need the National Kidney yet
you nostalgie Kiowas me
yeah the nostalgic Akash at me dinner's
come back must avoid or Wadena still
Giga right gente sub dinners containers
congee Kasab it has Papa today finish
combat for DK is wanted by Indian police
and is believed to be still involved in
match-fixing do you care Eric met ma'am
who never got to put nap for their
cubbies me a transecting why me why moon
over there would you be mad fixing
yellow who's just bra I well it's not
now was mainly involved in what is known
as spot-fixing manipulating a small part
of a match he favored session fixes a
type of spot fix in which players
underperformed during a specific period
of overs this sessions of overs can be
at any point during a team's innings and
does not determine the overall result
session is better because you have more
and more status to bet one over is six
balls delivered by a bolo the spot
fixing session is usually six eight or
10 overs Amanda means either a low score
in the session or a maximum of two runs
in the last over of the fixed session
Halina bookmakers give odds on how many
runs will be scored by the end of a
session for example rookies say 48 to 50
runs will be scored during an eight over
session
punters place bets on the team scoring
either below 48 or above 50 been sitting
here I thought man what is but they go
home and order me now would tell the
bookmakers to pass heavily on the score
being under 48 because he knew the
session had been fixed it's very easy
for a player to underperform in not
score as many also to get out and make
it look very natural at awasa played 13
times for India and says criticized
players for accepting bribes someplace
that got the feeling that if I just fix
a spot or I don't score in and over I'm
not doing something wrong because I'm
not fixing a match one player has been
investigated by the ICC for session
fixing so it doesn't affect the results
of the match so what's the problem
come sircome
does admit back today to stress the
chaser that me Mobile collector today or
do duty not me there who was called
recording conducted a propaganda today
or TV kathandol munawwara DK Volta every
Munna verbal camera at cabeza para una
camisa desire aluminum and en una hora
matrix yeah taboos Papa Tata Joe
Biermann diocesan Camtasia Maya
the first fix contained in them in our
files is at the ground that calls itself
the home of cricket
the matches between two of the world's
leading international teams
manal calls Danish combat of a Sudama
resort in India and says the fixes for a
tenor of a session due to the gravity of
the accusations of the prospect of
criminal investigations we are not at
present naming the fixed sessions in any
of the 15 matches because that would
identify the batsman suspected of fixing
the betting will open with a prediction
of how many runs the batsman score
during a 1000 session
and how says the number of runs scored
will be manda below the market
prediction and in a second element of
the fix the last over of the session
will be a made no runs will be scored
we've shown them in our files to sports
corruption investigators Chris Eden has
worked for Interpol he talks about the
game a specific session a specific time
the specific outcome even ends up
talking about the final over will it be
a maiden at Lord's both elements of the
fix went down exactly as Manoa had
predicted we have the alleged max fixer
coming out with a pretty low market rate
for this 10 / bracket and sure enough it
comes in one run below that field Barry
has been for more Test matches than any
other cricket writer he also said that
the 10th over of this bracket would be a
maiden and lo and behold there was
amazing
it's very difficult to forecast that
they made never is going to be bold
because the batsman can easily get an
edge or something like that so I've just
got no way of accounting for it aired
Hawkins has advised the International
Cricket Council we showed him the full
minal files including the names of those
batting during a fix names that for now
we are withholding were any names
surprising to me one definitely wasn't
because I know that the ICC him
investigated before and had him in an
interview room for several hours
a couple of names I'm not entirely
surprised about either but that's
probably because there's some crossover
with some of the information I'm seeing
here that I've been privy to in the past
so it's not hugely surprising
betting is illegal in India yet there
are more than 100,000 bookmakers across
the country and the betting market has
been valued at more than 60 billion US
dollars even schoolboys in India are
seen with their bookies number on their
mobile phones it's become a part of the
system it's become a malaise where
people feel okay about it this illegal
bookmaking operation is only known about
by word of mouth if you want to place a
bet in India you've got to have a friend
who will introduce you and then you have
an account set up the bookies give odds
on a team scoring under or over a
certain number of runs during a session
of overs bets off phoned in rather than
placed over the Internet no money passes
hands initially when the bet is laid the
messenger brings you your money or
collects your money it's all based on
trust and knowing where you live if you
don't cuff up
I hid some bookmakers worked with match
fixing syndicates to create a market for
session betting they have created these
session betting because to fix a total
match in a team sport is virtually
impossible you got to have a chunk of
players with you and you cannot control
that but data in a fixing it's only one
or two players over at the crease at
that point it's very easy
global television coverage has helped
match fixes spread their influence all
over the world
man our calls Kalki's bookmakers at the
Sudama resort in india to tell them a
fix has been arranged for a test match
in South Africa
dinner's Kambiz or decayed the man
running Kyrgyz cricket betting operation
takes the core following his usual
pattern when our calls again after the
captains of tossed a coin to see who
backs first if the fixing team did not
bat first the fix would happen when it
was their turn to bat I don't BM bodega
bodega or last do on a Montelena
webmin now is predicting how many runs
are gonna be scored in particular over
it suggests that he is so well embedded
with players that you can dictate
scoring rates
Murnau says the batsman will score low
amanda below the market prediction by
the end of the fixed session he gets it
right there are some names here which
would just blow people out of the water
but if some of the others named I've
only heard whispers about them and
nothing really particularly concrete so
it's a little bit eyebrow-raising
for me to see their names listed here I
have seen every sport say that there may
be match fixing at the lower levels of
this board but it doesn't touch the the
elite athlete this is clearly provably
wrong we have evidence of key players
such as handsy Khurana for instance in
others in cricket in 2000 hansik Ronda
received a life ban for taking more than
a hundred thousand dollars from match
fixes in India
when Hansie Cronje episode happened
those are the early days of bookies
coming in and trying to influence
players
Grandia was the captain of the South
African team
I was not honest and I apologize
unreservedly as lots of captains being
involved in match-fixing in Turner she
answered corny being the most famous of
all more recently Mohammed Ashraf all
the former Bangladesh captain world's
ban yummy October tabulated oscillate
give everyone nigga at the Keaveney
Sogeti cetera I mastered a pure guilty
feel goodie Wasim Akram one of
Pakistan's greatest players was another
captain tainted by max fixing
allocations as was India's former
captain Muhammed as a routine in 2010
three Pakistan internationals accepted
$200,000 to underperform in a Test match
in England
four years later blue Vincent the New
Zealand batsman admitted fixing matches
I've abused my position as a
professional sportsman by choosing to
accept money in fixing any player was
out there no matter how strong years no
matter how righteous is is always open
at a weak point to be approached and
people will keep on trying through your
managers through your friends because
they feel that they can influence the
players at times do you have players in
every national team yes in part to mine
our calls an unnamed English cricketer
lot B may be ready for only their home
will be great to be nervy and further
evidence of manaos role in fixing
international cricket you've got a large
chunk of the history as the game wishes
to be questioned
the manal file shed light on the role of
organized crime in cricket match fixing
man our describe the people he worked
for us the company
our company is connected in almost all
world there is some roots of some
secrets of our company no one who in one
in our company they have no any rights
to say our secrets how we are doing our
business
Pradeep Sharma is an Indian detective
tasked with fighting organized crime
days after the broadcast of our first
investigation Shona confirmed the
identity of Banaras company
he'd arrested six people in a city near
Mumbai they've been charged with
organized crime offences including
illegal Betty among them was a
high-profile match fixer
so noon Jalan is a bookie operates from
Mumbai all over the world is the biggest
bookie in Mumbai
definitely is a very big fish the raid
and interrogations yielded a trove of
information refining Mobile SIM cards
laptops cash
he gave certain numbers also from
Afghanistan Pakistan the way Australia
London
Yelling's arrests also exposed the links
between illegal betting and Bollywood
stars actor Arbaaz Khan was arrested
after he admitted betting on the Indian
Premier League the world's most popular
cricket tournament the interrogation of
Jalan also revealed a link to our
investigation saloon Jalan told us he
also knew one person violent Munna where
he had met him in the way and the name
of Manaus company was confirmed by July
so who is Allen said he knows moon our
and he'll also inform us that he is
connected to our dekum he looks after
the betting syndicate of the company
the company is named after doubt Ibrahim
one of the world's most wanted men mr.
noodle on and many more they are
operating on behalf of the elderly the
company of match fixes supreme but
they're also the most powerful and
organized crime Network probably the
world has ever seen and they're
untouchable the Indian authorities claim
that d-company is not just a criminal
syndicate but also a militant
organization that serves India's
regional rival Pakistan dowered Ibrahim
is supposed to be in Pakistan the
Pakistani authorities know exactly where
he is if the Indian government really
went after d-company
it is a powder keg situation for the
region
D company has expanded from its roots in
India although India is the absolute hub
to buy in recent years has got really
really big
Dawood Ibrahim is said to be free to
roam around Dubai UAE so he is protected
to go about his business
there's no doubt about that
it was in Dubai in 2016 that we first
met man our he told us the scale of the
match-fixing he was involved in not in
almonds suppose there is an match for
him to plate so we will seeking at least
six match men are revealed few personal
details the did say that he traveled
extensively he showed us a selfie taking
us a cricket ground despite living in
India is what's up picture shows an
allegiance to Pakistan he also appeared
to spend much of his time in Dubai
a lot of the syndicate heads and a lot
of the match fixers are based in Dubai
and that's where the orders are coming
from
crickets popularity is growing in the
UAE and so are the opportunities for the
match fixers based there the Manohar
files include evidence of several fixes
in the Emirates they were carried out
during a series of test matches between
England and Pakistan
as usual Mennella cause the bookmaker
beforehand it's a fix for a session of
10 overs I don't know who let our woman
gala the score will be below the market
prediction for the fixed 10 / session
and he adds a second part of the fix
Caligula P get the last over of the 10
will be a maiden with no rod and scored
for now as predictions are accurate
this works out exactly as he suggests
this is clearly authentic evidence that
you cannot reject the next test match is
in Abu Dhabi
in our calls to get the details later
woman narrator plaster ornament an
anomaly
yes it's a fix for a 10 over session
they will score below the market
prediction and no more than two runs
will be scored in the last over of the
session such changes in the pace of the
game are subtle and for spectators
unnoticeable during a match lasting five
days there are 90 overs in a day
so a player manipulating one or two
overs here or there and also protecting
his wicket and not actually scoring runs
they probably wouldn't even think that
is match fixing
now now cause the bookmaker again for a
second fix during the same test match
well upon town you get our calls back
just before the start of the innings
you know Allah Allah
Hanuman being again Jesus it's a repeat
of the previous fix a tenor of a session
low score last over Amanda the fixes are
routine they're formulaic they're often
involving the same players
the third test of the series is back in
Dubai
Minar rings in yet another fix
Munira Ladera or acronym a Lupin and
Allegheny yes
the pattern is familiar a fixed session
of 10 overs the score below the market
prediction on the last of the 10 overs
will be a maiden once again that hours
information is correct you've got two
fixes in the same game and the fix in
each of the three test matches which is
rather stunning because test matches are
not supposed to be vulnerable to match
because that's what the ICC have always
told us Test cricket is pure its
pedestal is not tainted by corruption
the files include photographs as well as
audio recordings on the night of the fix
in the third test in defying a member of
the Pakistan squad was in the lobby at
the Grand Hyatt Hotel he met a man
described by our source who was in the
hotel at the time as Adi company
associate of Manara
Umar Akmal is seen at a table talking to
the man nochmal um the man then get up
and walked to another table where a
second associate of Manara is waiting he
shakes the second man's hand and is
given a bag back MA then peers into the
bag to inspect its contents the
photographs do not show whether he left
with the bag Akmal did not respond to
our request for comment
the pictures of Umar Akmal meeting
Mehnaz associates they look they look
suspicious it rings alarm bells for
people who know about match-fixing in
2018 ahmed admitted that he'd been
offered $200,000 to carry out spot fixes
an offer he said he refused the icc is
investigating in 2012 Sri Lanka hosted
the twenty20 World Cup where each team
bowls 20 overs per match the world's top
teams were staying at hotels in the
capital Colombo
so we'll menara and his associates Minar
is seen alongside some of the world's
most celebrated cricket stars there is
no suggestion that any of the players in
these photographs are involved in
corrupt activities you can see a hovers
in the background until such time as you
can gauge data conversation this is a
tactic that's very well known we've got
pictures of Manara necessary it's with
top-level players Virat Kohli probably
the greatest player in modern game it is
disturbing that the most famous player
in cricket today Virat Kohli should have
been so easily accessed by and the ill
man our
we've got suresh raina
india captain we've got Darrin semi at
the Express tinnitus captain we've got
Chris Kyle in the X West Indies captain
now I'd be targeting senior players
because they held the greatest sway in
the dressing room over what their team's
going to do in a match particularly
batting players who potentially can
significantly alter run rates during
matches these are very high profile
people and then top it off we have Andy
visual the Australian coach and a
selector Andy Bickle said he was
completely unaware of man-hours identity
and that no approach was made he added
that he detested match-fixing and the
way it's infiltrated cricket there's no
evidence that any of these players or
captains are any way compromised by
man-hour but that was manaos intention
because if you can control the field of
play you control the fix
the ICC's anti-corruption unit deploys
undercover officials to watch out for
match fixers at major tournaments manera
is behaving suspiciously and that is
something which was an ICC spotter
should be able to notice and challenging
our man why is that allowed to happen
why are the ICC allowing somebody to
behave so suspiciously around players
our investigation suggests that some
players of the twenty20 World Cup were
involved in corruption the recordings
reveal that Manohar gave Dena's car keys
bookie operation details of at least
three fixes during the tournament one
was a match in the group stages
I hear there's a night out tornado today
whoa and there you go let's do a Montana
Monday Katie Ann now is right yet again
we hear in say this is the score this is
the session this is the betting market
he predicts absolutely the outcome
accurately the outcome the man our files
show that match fixing is happening in
all formats of cricket
including One Day Internationals or OD
eyes in which each side both 50 overs OD
eyes are popular fixes because there's
huge TV audience that huge amount of
punters it's very similar to 20/20 lots
of runs expected to be scored run rates
have gone through the roof in recent
years again and all the punters are
expecting those runs in 2011 the ODI
World Cup is held in Sri Lanka
Bangladesh and India
the files contain the recording of a
phone call made by menara to an unnamed
player just before the World Cup starts
hello yes organism father says last
payment you ready for goalie account you
will be created in a week now a forensic
speech scientist has examined the
recording which appears to show the
manera is sending money to an England
player the analysis concluded that the
recording had not been tampered with
we are ready for the world cup
undertaking it is you in a few days we
can arrange a method Lee will be
interview I can expect a plea oh I think
they don't networked all I said I can
explain a plan to click what is the
rooster dodgy we can arrange alternate
for ten thousand last over you going to
be big basement park lady no I let been
worrying about but I I will say one is
another my head you can arrange a Samba
for our image you can be a whole set in
morning ok
aljazeera approached the player believed
to be speaking with menara he denied
that the conversation took place and
suggested the recording was a
fabrication
the recordings include evidence of fixes
in five matches during the 2011 ODI
World Cup one involved England and South
Africa
hi Phnom Penh Bonita Alegre woman de
Jerez afternoon Malala will be Malala
there now as predictions were accurate
even the forecasts that the tent over of
one of these brackets is going to be
manda so it is there's only one runoff
it that's been disturbing that the
prophecy has been fulfilled exactly as
this person has said okay all right the
details of the fixes are always arranged
at the last moment okay that that would
be helpful
if no fix has been arranged man our
calls Cal G's bookmakers in the morning
to let them know
audience we are to be being conformed to
Rome is it hard but not all of them
hours fixing work turns out as planned
we were due to meet Minar in Australia
in early 2017 but when he called us he
sounded angry when all had told us his
company was planning fixes during the
lucrative domestic tournament known as
the Big Bash so the fix is not on that
evening when our manaus business in
australia had been far from unsuccessful
the Pakistan team was touring when the
big bash was taking place
we successfully done with the
internationals Australia Pakistan
Oh big of course
what happened in Australia they asked
for more money more money
almost more than double so you are
changing after days it's not good for us
you said you had five successful fixes
in Australia with every pass or actually
need for a big patch and 1's me now had
previously told us that spot fixes could
sometimes go wrong in some match there
are ten percent chances we change some
decision in running match and when we
will change something I will inform you
please change your back
the man our files also show that another
fix was planned during England series
against Pakistan in the UAE yeah I go
there for less little bodega
last order Montana nominee in the event
the session fix did not happen because
the batsman scored one run too many it
can happen I suppose human error or the
batsman gets thick outside edge when
he's trying to defend but even then it
was just one run out it's quite
extraordinary the menara files describe
fixes in 15 international matches six
Test matches six one-day internationals
and three t20 World Cup games it
suggests endemic widespread corruption
in the game across all formats as a game
when our correctly predicted 25 out of
26 outcomes in 15 matches you've got a
large chunk of the history as a game
wishes to be questioned
we took them on our files to a uk-based
company specializing in sports betting
analysis after examining the statistics
it concluded that the chances of the
scores predicted by menara happening
without fixing the matches would be 9.2
million to one what is going on how on
earth do you account for these
eventualities all panning out exactly as
forecast 9.2 million to 1 that is
mind-blowing the analysis took into
consideration the weather form condition
of the wicket and previous head-to-head
encounters at the same venue for it to
be so spot-on defies belief
really
we also took them in our files to
another sports betting consultancy it's
calculation was based solely on
statistical probabilities it concluded
that the odds of man-hours forecasts
coming good were 33 million to one for
these outcomes to have been fulfilled
exactly as forecast is equivalent to
winning the lottery
it's almost miraculous is it possible
that the petitioners could come true is
without the complicity of the players
it's almost impossible to believe and
that's me now has a crystal ball
Laurie some sort of time traveler have
you had any problems the authorities or
not if you have money you will do
anything the first evidence of manaos
role in match-fixing came to light in
2010 the Sun newspaper in London printed
a front-page exclusive it's alleged that
Pakistan players had been involved in a
spot fix during a one-day international
against England in London the source of
the story worked at Danish Kalki's
bookmaking operation in Ahmedabad
he said he had recordings of fixes being
called in the Sun reporter hired a
translator in India to help with the
story the book maker used to record all
the calls the reporter had a source
which had access to the data from the
book maker fearing repercussions the
translator asked to conceal his identity
the plan was that our source will bring
the recording before the match which I'm
going to translate send it to my
reporter in England a week later the
source brought a recorded phone call
with evidence of a fixed plan for an
international match
the fix was for the 10 over session it
was Pakistan which is back in first
the translator also found out how the
bookies learnt about the fixes the
bookmaker used to get call every morning
before the match from the way the person
you got the call from was managua hello
yes DK yes sir there is same sitting
like before you place your bets in last
two ovals it is going manda market is
opening 45 47 in 10 overs it is going
manda okay the translator spoke to the
Sun reporter as the match was about to
start
the reporter was obviously very excited
he was nervous because they had informed
the International Cricket Council and
there were two officers from the council
in the son's office a researcher who
worked on the story was also a son's
office in London on that day he too
wishes to conceal his face a person who
was identified to me as Alan peacock he
arrived with lawyer appointed by the
International Cricket Council Alan
peacock was a senior investigator for
the International Cricket Council's
anti-corruption unit peacock his lawyer
son reporter and his lawyer
they were ushered into a glass-fronted
boardroom the translation of the fix had
arrived the voice file had arrived and
all this had been made clear to peacock
then they started looking at a screen
as they watched the match Pakistan
scored well under 45 runs by the end of
the tenor of a session identified by
Minh our there were no rungs in the 10th
over man our had got both parts of the
fix right we knew what was going to
happen and exactly that happened I had
no doubt that this match was fixed the
International Cricket Council launched
an investigation the reporter told me
that the ICC took the information very
seriously but manaos role as a match
fixer and Cal Gees betting operation
were apparently not uncovered by the ICC
less than a month later the ICC
announced it had found no compelling
evidence of wrongdoing at the oval yet
Al Jazeera's investigation has found
that the ICC knew of manaos match-fixing
activities in 2010 when peacock was at
the sun's office
the source confirmed that the person
ringing in the fixes to finish clogging
wasn't an hour there was no doubt
whatsoever in the mind of peacock or the
ICC that Manoa was a match fixer
the researcher met the ICC investigator
again in July 2013
I actually met Alan peacock in central
and and we discussed manawa and his
match-fixing activities
peacock was very clear about who
Bernauer was and also his activities
which were of absolute pertinent
interest to him so why did the ICC
launch a global appeal to identify
menara after al Jazeera informed us
about this documentary they should have
been some action by the ICC in those in
those intervening years this is left the
sport vulnerable to a man they're aware
of that can only be construed as being
negligent the ICC is anti-corruption
unit based in Dubai has limited
investigative powers Alan peacock did
not respond to our request for comment
but there is no suggestion that he was
personally negligent the cricket world
is in denial about match-fixing whenever
a match-fixing story breaks the writers
the administrators and ex players are
very quick to try and stamp it out and
say rubbish
and I think that's a huge problem
because if you're not listening to the
evidence then you've got no chance of
actually cutting out as serious
credibility threats to the game due to
the seriousness of the allegations our
Jazeera has uncovered it is planning to
provide Interpol with a copy of the
menara files this is a matter of
systemic criminality and it deserves
something far more serious than to be
denied with with outrage by players
saying this can only happen in our
wonderful sport an investigation
involving global organized crime and
global sport betting needs to have a
coordinated law enforcement response me
now I'm afraid there is no money in
maybe the first documentary has put some
sort of a break on the now side
activities what do you say to the
millions of people who watch cricket
innocently but that doesn't mean he
hasn't been replaced it doesn't mean
there's another one out there right now
or two or three of them are now is out
there right now again
you
