when the rain stopped falling earlier
this year
many Afghans knew that trouble was
coming but they never imagined that the
subsequent drought would be so bad
they'd be forced to leave their homes to
survive the UN says in the first week of
September 120,000 displaced people
arrived in calorie now the provincial
capital of Varghese province others
ended up in this camp for displaced
people in neighboring her at school
mission adored diggers Michigan Edison
I'm a widow with two children we came
here because we were starving the
drought destroyed our crops of wheat the
land is too dry to grow anything reduced
snowfall and scarce rains in Northwest
Afghanistan have caused the drought
disaster there's a shortage of drinking
water and grazing land for cattle the UN
says a quarter of a million Afghans have
abandoned their home so far this year in
search of water that's five times the
number displaced by fighting between
government forces and Taliban and ISIL
fighters during the same period more
than two million people are at risk of
not having enough to eat the UN says a
hundred and fifteen million dollars is
needed to help those affected we've now
got a quarter of a million people who
have been displaced almost certainly
because of the drought and this is the
number that we thought we would see by
the end of this year so we're currently
revising our figures but my main message
is The Situation's extremely serious and
we need to act faster now many families
in the camps are surviving on a single
meal a day many get by on just bread and
water John Marler shabang militia we've
been here for four or five months and as
you can see no one has helped us life is
miserable
we have no flour no sugar nothing the UN
and its partners are planning to deliver
13,000 tons of food to 600,000 people in
the coming weeks but reaching these
relatively remote provinces is another
challenge they'll face victoria gate mb
al jazeera
