they fought centuries of colonialism and
decades of dictatorship to become a
fully fledged democracy and it's a right
they say they will not give up that were
not intact
china's aggression can only push us to
defend ourselves we will safeguard our
right to self-determination taiwan has
its own currency passports political and
judicial system yet china regards the
island as part of its territory taiwan
considers itself a sovereign state but
has never declared formal independence
from the mainland i want to be an
independent country and referendum is a
democratic way to tell china and to tell
the whole world that actually we want to
be in different countries many of these
protesters voted for the current
government which has been resisting
Beijing's attempts and bringing Taiwan
in line with its policies China they
push a lot of pressure in Taiwan they
use a lot of like a capital or like like
some kind of shop power they want to
like invade to Taiwan so now this
critical moment to like to stand out to
to to like on the street to say like let
light let Taiwan be Taiwan that comes at
a cost
angering China could have serious
repercussions for Taiwan Beijing has
previously pressured several countries
to cut diplomatic ties with Taipei
pushed foreign companies to only refer
to Taiwan is part of China an increased
patrols by its Air Force and Navy close
to the islands China has always
maintained its within its right to take
Taiwan back by force if necessary and
that's a risk the Taiwanese government
is not willing to take so even the
government which started out as a
separatist local identity political
party is also not eager to have
something that would act
we possibly cause a more rapid military
response from China as well many here
know it will be difficult to even hold a
vote on whether to declare independence
but they say this sends a message the
more pressure China puts on Taiwan's
people the harder they will push back
the VA Gopalan al Jazeera Taipei
