there was applause as members of the
European Parliament voted to punish
Hungary for breaching EU values for the
first time they agreed to launch article
7 a procedure that could lead to
Budapest losing its EU voting rights it
was this Dutch lawmakers report on
Hungary that led to the decision we've
seen the democracy in Hungary
deteriorate since 2010 fresh freedom is
it's not guaranteed the judiciary has
lost independence academic freedom it is
falling down the vote is unlikely to
surprise Hungary's far-right
anti-immigration Prime Minister he and
the EU have clashed repeatedly over the
years Viktor Orban has accused the
European Parliament of trying to
blackmail him to change his ways and in
Budapest his foreign minister has
dismissed the vote saying Hungary is
being unfairly targeted we like to call
you as a little boy in Parliament
today's European Parliament decision was
nothing else but petty revenge of
pro-immigration politicians against
Hungary outside Budapest's Parliament
anti-government campaigners protested
talks about everything on Tuesday but
not the reality here in Hungary
everything is always about migration
it's tough all Hungarians and they
swallow it the report is true it's not a
distortion the government have been
changing the law step by step I think
because they want to hold on to power
the EU will issue Hungary with a formal
warning before deciding whether to strip
it of its voting rights such a move
would damage Hungary's international
reputation but this supporter says it
could actually bolster all bands
leadership in a long term mr. Albin can
also be a winner of this procedure
because he can establish a new platform
within the European People's Party and
can make new alliances in Europe and
through that he can increase his
influence on European domestic politics
for now Pro European politicians are
celebrating but their victory may be
short-lived
the
has highlighted the growing divisions in
the EU that threaten the bloc's very
existence and its future
Natasha butler al jazeera Strasbourg
France
