it's a scam that starts in the
Philippines and stretches across the
globe investors are promised the
opportunity of a lifetime
they're all ideas they get you on the
hook but instead are left with shattered
dreams and financial ruin the way
they've played me I'm sick inside I'm
Steve Chow on this episode of one on one
East we reveal how organized crime is
making millions in the Philippines
it's the business hub of the Philippines
where multinational corporations turn
over millions in annual profits but the
Makati district of Manila has a dark
underbelly where some foreigners are
making a fortune in dirty cash by
trading fake shares just the latest
surveillance report in secrecy
Australian private investigators in
cyber crime expert Ken gamble is in the
final days of an operation to blow open
an organized crime ring run by
expatriates in the city we want to
document all the people that they're
talking to whoever they have contact
with take photos of them we need to
figure out who all the Associated
members of this syndicate
the fraudsters have duped investors
around the world by selling them shares
that don't exist then stealing their
money so who are these guys what are
their nationalities they're Americans
they come from from New York area in New
Jersey for almost two years Ken Gamble
has been watching them
he has their emails their bank account
details and recordings of their voices
he knows everything about them do they
have any idea that you're onto them no
no idea at this time I hope that stays
like that for a while
oblivious to this covert attention the
gang operates business as usual the
scammers pretend to be from investment
houses in America in real life they call
Manila home some have Filipino wives and
children and have lived here for 20
years well they're very clever at what
they do at the securities fraud but
they're not very clever at covering
their tracks the crime ring is about to
be exposed because one of their own has
taken a courageous course informant X
will call him is about to turn on his
associates except they don't know it I
meet him in a discreet location on the
edge of Manila
Hey hi how are you good informant X is a
man with friends and influence on both
sides of the law and the do it all guy
I'm a fixer that's what I do for these
guys they have some problems they come
to me I try and accommodate it most of
the time I'm able to do it but now
informant X is planning to help engineer
the downfall of the organized crime gang
he works for and along the way he'll
reveal to me the inner workings of an
international fraud syndicate it begins
with him secretly recording gang members
discussing their cut of profits from the
scam then his decision to inform the
gang takes an extraordinary new
dimension so his suitcase what's in it
the most damning evidence is here X has
uncovered a trove of hundreds of
documents belonging to one of the
fraudsters it exposes every aspect of
their criminal operation evidence of
transactions even the logs for whatever
money comes in and goes the documents
name the victims investors from the
Netherlands South Africa Hong Kong
Singapore Papua New Guinea New Zealand
and Australia one stood out the most
where he got scammed say what's his name
waingro
far from the bustle of Manila the
provincial center of Rockhampton in the
Australian state of Queensland it's here
I find Wayne Brown a hard-working coal
mine electrician who should be enjoying
financial rewards Carmona going down
that hole every day is hard work
I don't see any family for five days out
of seven in early 2015
Wayne started sending his hard-earned
cash to what he believed was a new
york-based investment broker he thought
he was buying shares I looked at for
future what I do a tomorrow I don't want
to keep doing good hard work he often
means shit Apple says it's idiotic I
decided to take the stairs but the share
certificate was a fake the Apple stocks
were never bought in Wayne's money was
pocketed the so called broker went by
the name of John Paulson Wayne didn't
know it at the time but Paulson was not
a licensed trader even his name was an
alias in real life he was an American
criminal living in Manila this is the
fraudster talking recorded on Wayne
Brown's voicemail so that's John Paulson
John Paulson hanging up there was no way
in the world I thought anything was
wrong because they were ringing me all
the time
I still have everything's all right I
had no reason to think it was a scheme
the man who calls himself John Paulson
is sticking to a script scammers like
him use well proven psychological
techniques to entrap their victims
investigator Ken gamble has seen it all
before they're required to get the
investor on the hook so the very first
calls that they make a design to get
that potential investor to to make a
small investment there's the fear script
to reassure nervous investors and one
called you need to know who I am I'm
gonna make you very very rich so you
need to know who I am because I'm the
man that's going to change your life and
that of course you know coming with
someone who's very well-spoken with an
American accent that sounds like he's
calling it a Wall Street then you know
the average person is going to believe
it the swindler John Paulson is stealing
not only money but an identity there is
a real John Paulson he's a successful
multi billionaire investor and
philanthropist from New York but the
imposter to those who know him is a
thief and a thug
he saw heavy drug user when you see him
you think I'm better get out of this
guy's face or else because it's one of
those intimidating guys you say one
wrong thing something bad will happen to
you over the next few months sitting at
his computer in Manila the fake John
Paulson works on his victim Wayne Brown
the Australian is persuaded to buy more
bogus shares to the value of 700
thousand US dollars his portfolio
appears to do well yeah I thought he's
legit legitimate he had all knowledge of
the share market any everything he put
forward to me it was a good case in the
case of wine he he was led to believe
that these shares were valuable and that
they went up in value and then that
leads into another deal which is even
more lucrative and and so on and so on a
lot of these guys have worked as brokers
they have worked for major firms some of
the biggest firms in the world and
they've come out of those firms and
they've gone to the dark side
to bolster his image as a corporate
heavyweight the pretend John Paulson
makes up another company name with the
grand title Elysium global partners its
headquarters supposedly on Wall Street
it's another lie concealed behind a fake
website so this is the Elysium website
correct yep
leave him global partners well I thought
it was legitimate there was no reason
for me to doubt it
they used this name because Elysium is
the same name of a number of other
organizations as well so again when you
google the name you actually come up
with all these legitimate companies then
the scamming of Australian Wayne brown
steps up a notch after john paulson
hooks him into the scam another gang
member takes over his job to keep wayne
spending money Paulson was just to start
early the scam instead of contacted me
John Paulson disappeared probably 12 to
18 months after I first started talking
to him and then a Dan Daniel according
he came on the scene there is now a new
broker in the picture going by the alias
of Daniel Johnson but he too is an
American criminal living in Manila not
the US onsen calls constantly to pry
more money from Wayne Brown for more
shares that will never be bought so tell
me about this man Daniel Johnson
discover a few bikes he was a former or
he still probably a member of Hells
Angels is there a certain arrogance
about him you know does he think he's a
big shot on the Philippines not only a
certain arrogance he he thinks he owns
the Philippines it's like I'm
untouchable
well he's American he lives here with
his wife
and as children to her he's been in the
Philippines for years and he's probably
one of the main characters who who
played probably one of the larger parts
in this fraud the crime syndicates
victims from around the world are
instructed to make payments to bank
accounts in Hong Kong from there the
money is sent to the Philippines and
within a very short period of time the
money is usually taken out in cash here
in the Philippines by local local bank
account holders who have control of the
accounts on behalf of the fraud gangs
the fluo syndicates and the money's then
laundered ultimately into cash by now
Wayne Brown believes his portfolio is
valued at five million dollars and he
wants to cash it in but there's a catch
the scammers in Manila tell him before
he can sell his shares
he needs to pay us tax the tax money was
Grandda eight hundred thousand US
dollars though they said I had to pay
before I could get to get this cash back
for my portfolio at once Wayne started
to ask for money they have to constantly
come up with new ways and explaining why
they're not able to pay the money it's
just an ongoing clever scheme to
continue to dupe him basically the
charade continues Wayne has passed on to
yet another Manila based American
criminal again pretending to be on Wall
Street
his alias Jeffery Cohen Jeffery came in
smallest clothes make everything happen
so who's there to close the account my
account so I can get all my funds
Jeffrey said you got to pay this much
money for example and then we'll give
you the funds we can release your finest
to you
Wayne we we do have a settlement in
place for you seems like I can't get
hold you the amount that you need to
fund is $47,000 okay upon funding your
money will then be released the scammers
are trying to squeeze a final payment
from Wayne Jeff he was arrogant it was
very hard to deal with
it was very full-on you can all decide
if you're not gonna do this tell me now
and the funds will just sit - anyway
we'll never get him with Wayne Brown's
lost now - over 1 million dollars
informant X moves against the gang when
I saw an a shearling guy got repo for
this much I feel sorry for the guy I
just wish I can do something about it
and I think this is my way of doing
something about it
so in for Maddox calls private
investigator Ken gamble he's willing to
hand over the suitcase of evidence and
forensic detail of the fraud against
Wayne Brown the investigator is weary
Gamble has spent years busting organized
crime gangs in this region and has made
many enemies they will usually take
whatever steps is necessary to get rid
of a person like me that's going to
cause a lot of trouble to their
syndicate and operation so how do you
know Ken one group actually came to me
and asked me to get rid of Ken to get
rid of him
yeah if I have to kill him kill him
you've done some pretty bad things
haven't you oh yeah I've done a lot of
bad things we regards to Ken when I saw
what he was doing I just knew I couldn't
get rid of him for the simple fact that
he's helping out a lot of people in
order to get their life back in order
what do you make of the fact that inform
Dex the man who's helping you now was
once paid ninety thousand pesos to get
rid of you it was certainly a strange
feeling talking to the person who had
been instructed to to get rid of me and
it sort of reiterated my belief that
there's a lot more good people in this
world than there is bad
so you contacted Wayne to tell him he'd
been scammed what was his reaction well
he was pretty shocked a little bit
baffled at what was going on but he was
also relieved he had suspicions that
something wasn't right he just didn't
know what was going on he didn't know
who to talk to Wayne brown highs private
investigator Ken gamble to track the
scammers and recover the money he's lost
I invested 1.4 million u.s. dollars with
these blokes it was sickening actually
I'd invested that much money into my
future and then to find out there wasn't
any cash there there was real Sidney
more than 5,000 kilometers away in
Manila
the criminals are unaware their victim
knows he's been calmed the tables are
about to be turned i said firstly the
first and most important thing to do is
not to let on to them that you know that
you're being scammed because i'm going
to have to use you to continue to
communicate with them to gather evidence
that will be vital for the case Wayne
keeps getting calls from the con man
Jeffrey Cohen more Appeals for him to
pay money to free his shares
Wayne plays along with him my job there
was to keep them on the hook as they've
been doing to me for the last three
years or just trying to turn the tables
keep them in a conversation me telling
them I was going to give them the cash
to finalize his deals it's so hard
talking to people that you know this
ripped you off and you got to talk nice
to him just to keep him on the hook it's
just so hard knowing that they're on the
other side of the world more less or
Manila seeing they're laughing at you
the fraudsters Jeffrey Cohen is becoming
desperate and aggressive to extract a
final payment from his victim Wayne is
giving him the runaround
people are being scam with their small
amounts big amounts they they had no
mercy
how many syndicates do you think would
be run at the one time I'd say there's
about sixty groups here in Manila at
least and how many individuals hundreds
alone I would say that there would be
tens of millions of dollars involved in
these frauds we have found call centers
that are raising money through
securities fraud that have been directly
linked to terrorist organizations
Indonesia after almost two years of
investigation Ken gamble is ready to
take his 1000 page brief to the McCarty
Police Chief so in a sense you've done
the detective work for them haven't you
you you bought the brief you bought the
case to them yes we've done more than
just file a complaint we've we've done
an investigation we've gathered evidence
we've profile the suspects they are not
skilled in financial crimes particularly
cross-border crimes where where I bring
my where I bring expertise is in the
area of cross-border fraud and and how
it all work the police will need time to
assign their own investigators and
conduct their own surveillance but the
case against this syndicate of foreign
criminals is compelling and we have
identified a number of persons of
interest the actual suspects involved in
dealing with mr. Brown there's three
main guys that actually dealt with him
on the telephone
the McCarty Police Chief is convinced
it's a serious case and I think it's
time for us here in Makati it's a
settled business district of the
Philippines to take on the challenge we
will help them we will help those a good
party to recover the money
not knowing the noose is tightening
around them the crime group is still
trying to draw more cash from Wayne
Brown he's paid them nothing for 15
months but they persist while Ken and
the Manila Police finalized their
investigation Mikey's are playing the
Red Sox as we speak right now so I'm
making a great sacrifice D to call you
mother on the line but send me over an
email best time to call you don't expect
your hard-earned cash to be taken away
from you I'll go to sell me house and
I've also got a bank loan I got a
payback which I've given these people
yeah odds I need that money back dawg
and have a lifestyle in Manila his
hard-earned cash is being spent by
frauds to friends Daniel Johnson and
Jeffrey Cohen Jeffrey often posts on
Facebook where he's been he's a prolific
Facebook poster he's even got his own
food blog I presume it makes it
especially for us women from it so it
make it is
but their fraud operation is about to
come to a crashing end investigator Ken
gamble gathers final surveillance for
police
in this high-security gated community he
searches for the home of the criminal
who goes by the name of Daniel Johnson
before dawn a team of officers gather
including specialists cybercrime police
it's the final briefing before an early
morning raid
we would hope to gather enough
intelligence to track down where the
money's gone what assets have been
purchased and and work out a strategy on
how to recover the money
God to wake him up I think the moment
has arrived there at the house of Daniel
Johnson the man who allegedly scammed
most of the money from Wayne Brown this
is the man who calls himself Daniel
Johnson his real name is Richard rocky
Obi jr. and he's a 56 year old New
Yorker Richard you left a message this
morning last night for wine drowned on
his on his voicemail under the name of
Daniel Johnson you call that two other
men also live here one of them Barry
Rosen is the brother of the alleged
fraud stirrer known as Jeffrey Cohen
what's been going on in this house is
about to be exposed upstairs the police
find evidence of what appears to be a
sophisticated fraud operation scripts to
entice investors laptops and a list of
dozens of names of investors most of
whom don't yet know they may be the
victims of a scam but there is one named
Ken Gamble needs to find aha this is dpj
executive office so this is dpj tax
which is the the company that Wayne
brown invested the money so here the
emails Wayne brown emails are right here
on the computer so there's the evidence
right there these this one of these
emails was just sent last night Richard
noticed you notice you've been in touch
with mr. Brown this morning last night
on the email it's there yeah yeah you
understand okay okay but for Richard
rocky Oppie the morning is getting worse
by the minute
I was trying to have it registered hold
up hi boy yeah
there is no ammunition after so many
months of investigation today is very
special for Ken and Wayne I'm looking at
the light at the end thinking I'm all
they're gonna put them in prison give me
cash back or at least let people know
that there are people out there like
this for now which it appears calm and
cooperative Richard rocky Opie and his
two housemates are formally arrested
accused of cyber crime brush my teeth
and comb my hair the alleged chief
fraudster is now in custody if we can
gamble much work lies ahead every
pressure point that we can hit we will
apply pressure there in order to get our
clients money back that may involve
filing criminal cases it may involve
filing civil cases whatever it takes
you
