the theme of this forum is embracing new
technologies but embracing free and
multilateral trade quickly became the
main talking points the world economy is
picking up but uncertainty is on the
rise
particularly with some countries
protectionists and unilateral measures
they're gravely undermining rules-based
multilateral trade posing a very serious
hazard to the world's economy he didn't
mention it by name but China's Vice
Premier was clearly criticizing the
United States amid a worsening trade
disputes between the two countries with
predominantly export manufacturing led
economies Southeast Asian nations will
be affected by the like-for-like tariffs
but it's clear they favor China's
multilateral trade philosophy over
bilateral deals being pursued by the
United States Southeast Asian countries
planned the 16 nation trade deal known
as the regional comprehensive economic
partnership it's now backed by China
that excludes the u.s. ASEAN is also
working with like-minded partners to
strengthen the open and rules-based
multilateral trading system it's a
system that has underpin our growth and
stability but is under pressure and even
threat and that's why ASEAN is doing our
utmost to make progress on the regional
comprehensive economic partnership and
hope to achieve a substantial conclusion
to the RCEP by the end of this year
China is also at the center of
territorial disputes with several
countries in the South China Sea where
around five trillion dollars worth of
trade is shipped each year the Chinese
government claims almost the entire area
and has fortified several islands and
reefs that are also claimed by the likes
of the Philippines Brunei and Vietnam
despite the tension China is Vietnam's
biggest trading partner and it also
wants good relations with the United
States both in trade and security but
the tariff war between China and the US
is likely to push Hanoi closer to
Beijing away from trade this is Aung San
su Chi's first major public appearance
since a damning UN report last month on
the Rohingya crisis
Myanmar's state councilor made no
mention
the minority here all the accusations of
genocide Wayne hey al-jazeera Hanoi
