the clunk of metal against the parched
Afghan countryside echoes through Fatah
a bad village seven children between 4
and 13 years old from a single family
lost limbs one morning in April we found
a bomb and started playing with it when
it exploded I saw blood everywhere I
didn't feel anything at the time when I
looked at my leg it was cut off and then
I fell to the ground the Gulf family's
village is in eastern Nangarhar province
on the front lines and the fight between
the Taliban and government forces the
children heard gunfire and explosions
during the night the next morning they
found an unexploded bomb curious they
played with it I heard the son of the
explosion and ran towards the place I
saw the children and they were scattered
here and there
after a while I dare to a portion found
that one of my daughters had died and
that seven of my children had lost their
legs the explosion killed four people
including four-year-old Maoist twin
sister and her mother brechnar nearly
all casualties from unexploded bombs in
Afghanistan are children many like the
Gould family flocked to cities for
treatment turning to the Red Cross and
charities for long-term support some can
apply for artificial limbs to be fitted
when the stumps of heals the gold
children though prefer to be home in the
village worried they'll get behind in
school if they're away for too long
after all these problems we would like
that there should be peace and the
fighting should end because there is no
benefit in the fighting what I have lost
or others like me have lost many more
will also lose 13 year-old Shafiq will
are on the far right now a double
amputee and wheelchair bound carries on
you can see all seven of us are amputees
if the piece comes in our country it
won't bring us back our legs but it will
benefit other people in Nangarhar
province peace is particularly elusive
there are many Taliban in isil fighters
they fight each other and they fight the
government from April to June 160
civilians were killed in Nangarhar and
nearly 500 wounded most of those
casualties were no accident
I saw lost three-quarters of their
fighters and Afghan and American
operations last year in response they
targeted civilians and urban areas a
strategy born out of desperation but one
that civilians must live with Charlotte
Bellis al jazeera Kabul
