it was choreographed from maximum
political and emotional impact in front
of the detention center were former
president Lula da Silva is serving a
12-year sentence for corruption and to
find message from him to the Brazilian
people was read out by a member of his
Workers Party
I am asking the party that Fernando
Haddad who until now was my loyal
running mate substitute me is our
presidential candidate he'll be my
representative in this battle if they
think they have silenced my voice for
social justice
they are very mistaken now our name is
Haddad in actual fact it's Fernando
Haddad all have to try to fill the shoes
of brazil's still most popular
politician many fought back their tears
as he was named for a change we all
shared the same pain but it's not time
to go home downtrodden it's time to go
onto the streets with our heads held
high and win this election we'll win
this election for Lula and for de PT but
it's unclear how much of Lunas
popularity can be transferred to Haddad
of former's how paulo mayor who was now
being investigated for electoral
corruption allegedly committed in 2012
he denies the charges for the
superstitious lula was jinxed from the
onset his party's number on the ballot
is 13 but rather the director behind the
scenes or in this case behind bars while
he still has appeals to his sentence
pending time had run out to register an
alternative candidate now Haddad has
less than a month to convince the
electorate that he can indeed carry on
the legacy of Lula the former metal
worker remembered as the man who lifted
more than 30 million Brazilians from
poverty and social exclusion see a human
al Jazeera could eat Eva Brazil
