he was once described as the most
popular politician on earth and based on
the polls Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva
still is at least in Brazil but those
polls won't be tested convicted for
corruption the man better known as Lula
was forced to bow out of October's
presidential race Louis humble
upbringing laid the foundation for his
popularity as a champion of the people
he had little formal education but
charisma and political skill that far
outweighed it as a metal workers union
leader he took on Brazil's military
junta he was a founding member of
Brazil's Workers Party he fought and
lost three presidential elections before
finally winning the presidency in 2002
an economic boom in Brazil helped fuel
his leftist reforms over two terms he is
credited with lifting at least 30
million Brazilians out of poverty when
he was constitutionally barred from
running for a third consecutive term
Lula hand-picked his chief of staff
Jeanne Moreau serve as his successor and
left office in 2011 with record approval
ratings above 80% but his popularity
wasn't enough to protect him in 2017 he
was convicted of receiving a seaside
apartment from a construction company
part of a sprawling bribe scheme
connected to a state-owned oil company
Petrobras he became the biggest figure
to fall in what was nicknamed Operation
car wash an investigation into money
laundering
Luna has always maintained he is
innocent and a victim of a campaign he
says has meant to prevent him from
standing in presidential elections that
many believe he would have won his
supporters hold a religious like faith
in him but many of those who call him a
criminal hold the same fervor in January
a court upheld his conviction even
raising his sentence to 12 years in jail
before surrendering to authorities he
vowed to stage his political comeback
from prison no I'm not hiding I'm going
to go there and see their faces so they
know I'm not afraid so they know I'm not
going to run and so they know I'm going
to prove my innocence but ironically he
had become the victim of a law he
introduced himself while President
barring candidates convicted of serious
crimes from running Lula was ultimately
forced to give up his presidential
ambitions but like him or loathe him no
one can deny that Lula has been Brazil's
most significant political figure in
more than half a century
Lucia Newman al Jazeera would eat Eva
Brazil
