protests in the West Bank his news
filtered out Washington was making good
on its threat National Security Advisor
John Bolton made it official the u.s. is
closing the Washington office of the
Palestine Liberation Organization an
effort to put pressure on Palestinians
to return to the negotiating table
amid stalled peace talks with Israel the
Trump administration will not keep the
office open when the Palestinians
refused to take steps to start direct
and meaningful negotiations with Israel
the threat of the missions closure seen
by many as retaliation for actions by
the Palestinian Authority President
Mahmoud Abbas last year at the United
Nations calling for the investigation
and prosecution of Israeli officials
through the International Criminal Court
the actions enraged many in the United
States who see the ICC as a body rife
with abuses and an infringement on US
sovereignty on Monday Bolton called for
criminal sanctions against the ICC if it
moves ahead with investigating
allegations of US war crimes in
Afghanistan those sanctions could even
include blocking ICC judges from
entering the United States the United
States will use any means necessary to
protect our citizens and those of our
allies from unjust prosecution by this
illegitimate court senior Palestinian
officials are enraged by the US
announcement following similar
announcements of cuts to Palestinian aid
the move of the US Embassy from Tel Aviv
to Jerusalem and it's blind eye to
ongoing Israeli settlement expansion on
disputed land this is an affaire mission
of the US
administration's determination to
continue its policies of blackmail and
extortion and undermining the peace
process and the two-state solution the
Palestinian mission opened in 1994 here
in Washington and Palestinian leaders
have long held that any closure of this
office would undermine peace efforts
despite ignoring these warnings the
Trump administration says it's still
committed to peace could roll out its
plan in the coming months Kimberley
halket al Jazeera Washington
