just practicing Islam has become a
problem for the Chinese government this
man says he survived what the government
calls a region camp enjoy you know
someone came and went all to Witek my
table routine just for lunch
yeah amy gazanian communicatin and so on
muna kateandjohn most of them in jail
are so cheap in the movies alone
it was all for welcoming Jagger Wilmer
Tetons a load of us all the rights group
says it interviewed 58 people including
mainly ethnic Wiggins and Kazakhs they
accuse officials of arbitrary detention
religious repression and surveillance
against a 13 million Muslims the
government says it's set up the
reeducation camps with the sole purpose
of eradicating religious extremism and
terrorism and to cure what it calls
ideological diseases
the UN's new Human Rights chief of
Michelle Bachelet has called on China to
allow international monitors into
Xianyang to look into what she calls a
deeply disturbing situation
Human Rights Watch China director Sophie
Richardson welcomed the call but says
much more needs to be done one of the
challenges that everybody faces is of
course Chinese government restrictions
on access to the region and the fading
really has nothing to hide then it's
time to revoke those restrictions in
areas perceived by Beijing as
anti-government hotspots many
interviewees say more than half of their
family members are in prison or in these
so-called re-education camps the report
also cites what it calls disturbing
high-tech mass surveillance and says
officials have a database of everyone's
biometric data including their DNA the
Chinese government has not yet commented
on this report but it has denied
accusations of mistreatment of Muslims
in jinyang
it says the increased security measures
at a guard against the threat of
separatists in the region Imran Khan al
Jazeera
