after spending a year in a remote prison
Kem Sokha was finally able to return
home but he's not free as Cambodians
awoke to news the opposition leader was
released on bail and placed under house
arrest a small number of supporters and
media gathered outside his home in pnom
penh I'm very excited to hear that he's
been released when I first heard the
news I grabbed my shirt and came
straight here Kem Sokha was arrested in
September last year on treason charges
in a case widely dismissed as
politically motivated the Supreme Court
then dissolved his Cambodian national
rescue party the largest opposition
political party more than a hundred of
its members were banned from politics
for five years it came amid a broad
government crackdown on dissent with
independent media outlets closed and
rights workers harassed or arrested with
no credible opposition Prime Minister
Hun Sen's Cambodian People's Party won
every seat in the National Assembly in
July's election last week's swearing-in
formality confirmed Hun Sen's 33 year
rule would be extended for at least
another five and with that it appears
the time was right to release Kim Sokka
the release of Khem sokar and other
opposition party political leaders like
me I hope that they are shining a light
a street or a path to national unity and
reconciliation that seems unlikely at
the moment as Kim Seok our still awaits
trial and never afraid to intervene in
the judicial process when sin says if he
goes unpunished Cambodia will descend
into civil war Wayne hey al Jazeera
Bangkok
