this is 11 month-old Nasir he's
suffering from acute malnutrition a
victim of Yemen's three-and-a-half-year
Civil War
hungers weakened his immune system he's
at the mercy of diseases like malaria
cholera and pneumonia the war means his
father hasn't been paid in more than a
year at his home town the port city of
heard ADA is under regular assault
35,000 children are severely
malnourished in Yemen the country is on
the brink of famine its warring sides
often deliberately obstruct deliveries
of food and medicine hunger has become a
weapon of war and is on the rise in the
world's conflict zones
according to save the children's
analysis of child hunger in the world's
ten worst conflicts four and a half
million children under five will need
treatment from malnutrition this year
but between August and December five
hundred and ninety thousand children are
likely to miss out on treatment and die
of starvation and disease without relief
in these zones that's an average of 1600
ad a or one child a minute
the vast majority an estimated 300,000
children are at risk here in the
Democratic Republic of Congo where years
of conflict have displaced large numbers
of people from their homes aid groups
and the UN have reportedly less than 10%
of the money they need to continue
saving lives here Syria Afghanistan
South Sudan are among the other
conflicts where hunger is rife war
destroys livelihoods it disrupts food
production and in some areas starvation
is a military strategy these are the
victims Nev Barker al-jazeera
