India is one of the most crowded
countries on earth but not all who call
India home are Indian
there are says the government millions
of infiltrators in the state of a SAP a
sliver of India squeezed between
Bangladesh in Bhutan those infiltrators
are being identified the state
government has put together a list of
those it views as legitimate citizens
but 4 million of the state's 31 million
people aren't on it whose name has been
dropped are worried
they are definitely worried the list is
creating disunity in one of the most
religiously diverse parts of the country
more than a billion people live in India
speaking dozens of different languages
and practicing many different religions
Hinduism dominates but there are
millions of Christians Sikhs and
Buddhists too and India has 170 million
Muslims almost as many as Pakistan in
Assam they make up more than a third of
the population they feel the list is
targeted at them I'm Nigel a man who
acquires vida he hey quranic and ER say
here take my Corona nama hana he got an
egg here take and ESA the National
Register of citizens lists those who can
prove they or their parents were in
India before March 1971
that was when Bangladesh became
independent from Pakistan the new
country was impoverished hundreds of
thousands fled many across the border
into India's a Sam India's government
says those that came then or since
should go back to Bangladesh the
Bangladesh doesn't view those missing
from the NRC list as Bangladeshi it
won't take them and most missing from
the list anyway say their Indian roots
predate 1971 manuel fangio there
Ammar ba ba ba da da da Mohan
in power about the state level in a sam
and nationally is the hindu nationalist
but a tear Janata Party or BJP Prime
Minister Narendra Modi has been accused
of stirring up ethnic and religious
divisions to shore up his political base
next year he and his party faced an
election some Celia Sam citizenship list
as a way of reminding Hindus right
across India that the government is on
their side and will no longer appease
minorities this country has seen a very
peculiar politics of Abi's wind and
anything which Garner's the awards from
the minority community means appease
them at the cost of national interest
the uncertainty in a sound is causing
tension security forces are on high
alert although those missing from the
NRC list can appeal many fear they don't
have the documents to prove they are
Indian and will end up stateless the
future is one they fear so tell me what
you think about the list talk to Al
Jazeera travelled to Assam to hear from
some of those missing from the list and
challenge those behind the exercise on
why it is so necessary
in the remote village of lankier well
over half the people are Muslim and many
perhaps most have just found out they
are not on the NRC list village elders
have called a crisis meeting to discuss
how people should best mount their
appeals sharifa cotton is among those
whose families are being called
infiltrators she's worried thank you
very much for talking to Al Jazeera can
you tell me first of all how many people
roughly in this village are not on the
list
someone who but someone will ruin our
super my life is a domino one night
namaha make a demand on mom is a nurse
it a domino and I'm a nurse if my potato
Godman wanna do pie see Duke lucky see
I'm here at anima he see and not see it
I'm a local namaha I don't look at book
passing little border cleveson a
monochrome namaha I am a local Duke
legacy geotech and a turkey and I said
mama Hannah hey Kareem Canty was say
Bhutto Manu hey are you on the list
Munem - listed my mom - list of my more
fatter num - hang on I say Khurana moon
um - AHA nice my boob do pursue move at
all
what I can do okay do questioner sit
namaha I can undo pussy no can't attack
every day why are people here crying
what are they worried will happen yet
the Wi-Fi solution mom nah he'll a man
walk way as vida he he corona come dear
stay here t he got an anomaly he
couldn't hear taken ts a boy piracy
I'm being labeled a foreigner what would
that mean Violetta Bangladeshi Co Haiti
he attack and attack a zealot portable
he karana can't attack a this an appeals
process people can still get on the list
at a later stage have you got confidence
in that
Mirta ha see more Epico bansuri more
number nine Serena soo BAE is boutique
autonomy he blew a her say pick on aha
curry soup then I'm - ah he blew an RC
is a have a sorority Laura Nam tukuche
Nam areata bhasmasura
Laura miserly fellow robots are two
nominees say Papa karma mo hanumakonda
Mohana caliber ubukata mama he say
an hour's drive from lankier is the town
of McGowan
there another family is worried the
family has Indian passports but they
don't seem to be enough Haase bernessa
says she thinks she's a hundred and
three and has always lived in a Sam but
she's not on the list
welcome
strangely Ossipon s's son's name is on
the list but not his wife's and other
names are missing too can ask first how
surprised you were that both your mother
and your wife were not on the list I'm
surprised because worthy we are the
original in in Britain even evident of
the you know and the this land Assam and
our generations you know spread back to
their home age the kingdom and so in all
generations are here they're born and
there they have died so it is quite
surprising that our name is come as a
foreigner Simon which is ultimately that
translate to as you know and their name
is not there in an era C or D voter list
comes so that means the translate list
of foreigners so your mother was born
here yes your wife clearly with born is
just a recent time and she's born here
and yet they're not on the list how does
that make them and you feel it's very
odd because it doesn't make any sense as
we know that if it if somebody is not
Indian on of the nation of a particular
country a citizen of a country he got to
eat he got I got to either come from
different country or they got to have a
different I mean their parental then the
leanness of Japan is different than
Indian but all of a sudden you find
yourself as Indians right what do you
think the reason is that they're not on
the list I mean they've got passports oh
no I don't say that there may not be
foreigners here but the thing is that
they originally the whole concept of
having a
doubtful voters or for a sensor for
another thing like it is against even
though initially it was born out to be
against Bangladeshi or something
but ultimately translate to I mean boils
down to the fact that it is targeted to
the Muslims what are the potential
consequences of being found to be a non
citizen as your so far your wife and
mother are only one word can be
described by this is disasters there
would be huge disaster on this they
won't be able to get passports I won't
employ them to work legally yes right
they will not be able to go for higher
education and their normal day to
Deventer normal day-to-day life will be
affected and their children would they
be able to go to school on those no
it'll be a whole generation down the
line and be affected by this they're
going to get their eyes the people
simple they'll make a ghetto I mean like
what happened Hitler's listener geez I
mean this is the ultimate idea - it's
sort of a state of asphyxia what do you
call it make them not they will not be
unable to breathe economically that's
very strong to compare it to Hitler and
worst case scenario in terms of appetite
or whatever you call it this will be
like genocide I mean interaction aside
we don't deny that foreigners should be
out from here definitely as a if they're
not the citizen of this country they
should not be here
we don't say that there there's no
foreigners there maybe some foreigners
but this is not the foolproof system to
weed out the foreigners like this does a
certain community feel that it's
targeted at them yes this whole
community facts any Muslim community the
first the the the sentence would be yes
it is targeted to our community the
measure of misery of the cases are
Muslims if you go to the court anywhere
you'll find the people those who are
looking for documents then trying to
straighten out the documents and having
the commune legalized there are Muslims
limps you can see anywhere why do you
think they would want to target the
Muslim community I'm not talking from my
side even this is a normal feeling for
all the Muslims here
they feel that way that this is the
extension of the prevailing situation
all over India this is ultimate aim is
to just reduce the the Muslim population
you know of their privileges and that
can only happen if they make some like
scheme of these sorts where the Muslim
influence or population is curtailed
that's what we believe that's what is
happening is the appeals process clear -
you know there is I think there is no
defined guidelines probably on this very
confusing people learn that even people
those who found themselves in the
doubtful water list there are clear that
what they got to do unless they approach
some some lawyer and pay some hefty fees
any normal person they do not know what
they're supposed to do it should have
been very clear from the beginning
either from the Energy Office or from
the the election office
with 4 million people's names missing
from the NRC list a huge appeals process
is now underway most people are too poor
to hire lawyers but some human rights
lawyers are getting involved anyway when
you saw that number 4 million people
left off the list was that number a
surprise to you well it was surprising
for me I was not expecting that 4
million peoples will be dropped but then
the fact remained that is on your draft
not final NRC so there was one list
earlier which came in December 31st 2017
and this is this this is the second they
are calling it the complete draft but at
the end of the date is a draft
no one is rendered stateless and no one
will be called foreigners after this it
is only a draft nevertheless it's caused
a lot of worry hasn't it well people
whose name has been dropped are worried
and they are definitely worried but
because there is a process there is an
opportunity called claims with where
people can reapply so that process had
to be made fair and transparent and
judicious to quell this this fear the
application forms are little complex and
the entire process is very scientific
very stringent so obviously it will have
to be a little complex and if it was
easier then a lot of wrong people would
have been sneaked into it so there is no
doubt that for poor people for
illiterate people to fill up these forms
is difficult but that is where the role
of civil society comes in are you
confident that the draft list has been
put together with the best intentions
that those administering it wanted to
get as many people who were legitimately
entitled to be on the list on that list
or do you think in some cases they've
kind of let a few slip off for politics
the intention and this draft is here
because the supreme court's order the
Supreme Court is definitely well
intended but on the ground because they
were told that the verification process
is over so it is obvious that the draft
should have come
and on the ground a lot of people who
should have been in the list and not in
the list there is an army officer who
tells me that he was told by the
verification officer that his
verification was okay his name will be
there but his name is not there most of
the people who have been dropped half
the family is there how the family is
not there the parents names are there
the children's names are not there so
that obviously raises equations I mean
that was verification over and in
certain cases the legacy person is not
there their children's are there that
certainly sounds as though the whole
process has been rushed they've got a
draft list out too quickly people with
passports really should be on the list
shouldn't they and yet they're not all
but people most of the people that I
have come across the everyone has
documented and they should have been in
the list like you see I went passport
holder have been dropped so definitely
they should have been there and why they
are not there I think the energy or
authority should explain why they are
not there when the Supreme Court ordered
the NRC there was a lot of enthusiasm
because I have toured almost entire
Assam particularly the areas dominated
by religious minorities so there was a
lot of enthusiasm because one particular
community the Muslim community has
always been branded as Bangladeshis and
they have been persecuted abused all
these years all these decades as
Bangladeshis so when the Honorable
Supreme Court ordered NRC there was an
to this and there was hope that finally
this NRC will put a full stop to these
politicization of the harassment of the
abuse and when the be welcome they
welcomed it they welcomed it there Steve
welcome they're still hopeful that the
process is monitored by the Supreme
Court but when the BJP came to power you
know they came to power riding on the
sentiment you know they were hate
mongering saying that 35 constituencies
are dominated by Bangladeshi Muslims so
since then the fear fear has fear is
there that you know the on the ground
there might be biased at the end of this
process what could happen could people
be kicked out of the country in theory
oh I don't think because there is no
deportation treaty after the final list
comes out people
we'll be able to go to the foreigners
tribunal the NRC will not render anyone
stateless they cannot brand any was
foreigner that will be done one by a
judicial body or quasi-judicial body
which is called foreigners tribunal what
happens after these the government of
India have to decide the Honorable
Supreme Court has to decide I mean it's
an extreme comparison but it's a
comparison nonetheless what's happened
in Myanmar and in Rakhine State they're
a Hindu who had to leave that area again
nothing formal happened at a government
level to say you've got to leave or to
kick them out but we all know what's
happened there million Rohingya have
split into Bangladesh in theory and I
don't want to be alarmist but in theory
could that happen here I believe in the
idea of India I work we are a very
vibrant democracy our Judy is very
vibrant our judiciary is independent we
are not a banana republic like my Ann
mark so I hope I sincerely hope that
nothing as of such like growing yes will
happen in India because the Supreme
Court will protect people the majority
people in this country are outraged
about this although it is a draft the
majority people in this country is
outraged
so we are at completely different
country from Myanmar the Bharatiya
Janata Party or BJP is in government in
India both nationally and recently at
state level in a Sam to the party and
the Prime Minister Narendra Modi is
accused by many of sowing division in
India pandering to its Hindu base with
political attacks targeted at minorities
the ill-thought-out Assam in RC list is
say critics an example Saran shoe Mattel
is a spokesman for the party why you
think this list is necessary well any
self-respecting nation must identify who
are not masters of that country we've
had a huge amount of infiltration from
Bangladesh and it is time that we
identify who are not Indian nationals
but how are you going about this in the
right way I mean the number of people in
that state that are not on the
citizenship list 4 million as it stands
yeah it seems remarkable no no but you
have to look at the history city see
till 71 when the Bangladesh war started
that's the cutoff point 24th March is
the cutoff point people who came because
of the civil war in Bangladesh they were
expected to go back after their after
the liberation of Bangladesh but they
haven't they've stuck on there so it is
time that they identified an isolated
ISIL I'd say but what will happen to
them you say isolated that's a pretty
harsh any of that being put into well
there are now thousands in deportation
no isolation doesn't mean physical
isolation look can you allow foreign
nationals to influence the quality of a
state no but these are people in some
cases who have been there for
generations they have been there for
generations but should they be voting
for the bill should they be altering the
politics of Assam no these are not
Indian nationals and if they're not
Indian nationals they have no business
to be on the voters list you have two
different choice them but how reliable
is that vote is less because we're for
hearing stories the brothers one brother
is on the less than one player isn't
that a mother is a mother a son is very
when you when you when you undertake an
exercise of this magnitude there are
always exceptions
now using exceptions to discredit the
rule I think that's preposterous the
norm is it is a good list they are
exceptional they may be cases where it
has not been properly done there is an
opportunity people will get it done
that's not the issue
see the opposition doesn't come from
there the opposition comes from the fact
that people who are not Indian nationals
have finally been identified say look at
a sum it saw such a bloody agitation the
Assam movement in the late 70s and early
80s people how many people lost their
lives because they said asam's
demography cannot change our son's
quality cannot change our sommes culture
cannot be changed by foreigners but this
seems to be a picking on a Sam states to
put together a citizenship list that's
not being done anywhere else in the
country it seems
targeted frankly at Muslims why do you
call it Muslims they did list today
deals with
Bangladeshi infiltrators these Appelbaum
majority of those four million common so
be it how does it matter why should
everything be seen from the prism of
religion only but an awful lot of people
think the BJP your party is using this
as a way to whip up nationalism in the
rap next year's national selection this
this is a very helpful way it's very you
to remind voters in India wide that you
will crack down as infiltrators is we
are committed to yes this country has
seen a very peculiar politics of
appeasement and anything which Garner's
the votes from the minority community
means appeased it at the cost of
national interest
what is the national interest give me
one country which does not want to
identify who are citizens of that
country who are not citizens of the
country I'm not talking about pushing
them back to Bangladesh right now I am
saying this is a process which says
these are not people who are citizens of
this country now once they're identified
as not being citizens of the country
that consequences will follow you will
stripe they strip them of the
citizenship first you will be franchise
them then their rules foreigners and
enough stylist that Bangladesh won't
take them back so we've seen a similar
situation I know one hopes it won't go
anywhere near this but the Ranga crisis
is is fresh in everyone's mind are we
not gonna have a situation where
thousands millions but they're usually
people are rendered slavery be stateless
there will be solutions to the problems
but that will not entitle them to become
voters in the voters they cannot alter
the demography or the polity of Assam no
way
in fact why just Assam in this country
should you let foreigners alter the
politics of India no demography of India
no foreigners or foreigners at the end
of the day and every respect every
government is duty-bound to identify how
not foreigners and every nation is has a
responsibility of upholding your own
constitution your Constitution does not
permit for us to become Indian citizen
there is a due process there is a
Citizenship Act and anybody who
qualifies to be a citizen out of that
citizenship act may become a citizen but
those who are not qualified to be
citizens just because they have
illegally entered should they be
permitted to what No
should they be called Indian citizens no
I mean that is what is done everywhere
what is unique about this nothing but
the so called cyclist Robbie of this
country would like everybody to believe
that no no it is directed towards
Muslims
it's a perverse mindset see the numbers
don't matter I mean it matters I see it
may be four million it may be 3 million
it may be to me an h1 of ours is a class
in a life that is ready that is ok
that's fine people who are illegal
immigrants must be identified as illegal
immigrants they the numbers will give
you the enormity of the situation and
then you'll be competent to deal with
the enormity of the situation but as I
said the stripping them of the
citizenship doesn't matter there's no
number game involved in that when you
strip someone citizenship you strip them
of certain rights as well that is what
rights
well voting rights for wanting rights so
should you have should you give voting
rights to somebody who's not a citizen
are you saying that India's quality must
be guided by people who are not Indians
by conserve themselves Indian they never
an awful long time and many generations
in sometimes it's people who are
legitimate Indians and if wrongly have
been identified as not being Indians
that will get connected
what is the panic for that this is not
the last word there is a whole mechanism
of things where their bona fide e can be
proved as I said don't use a exceptions
to prove their and disprove the rule a
rule is a rule enormous long exceptions
is you are being used to describe the
norm that's not fair
people in a SAM state have until the end
of September to appeal their exclusion
from the NRC list those whose appeals
fail then risk losing the rights
citizenship brings and could be made
stateless to the south of Bangladesh the
consequences of labeling hundreds of
thousands of people foreigners has led
to what the United Nations top Human
Rights official has called a textbook
case of ethnic cleansing
no one is yet suggesting a repetition to
Bangladesh is north but what is
happening in Assam has similarities and
that here makes people scared
you
