an act of defiance despite the growing
threats and Tans security situation
Afghans cast their votes across the
country to elect a new Parliament the
voting was marred by blasts and violence
between the Taliban and security forces
in many provinces but people here in
Kabul showed up in the early hours at
polling stations despite the risks I
will vote for someone who would work for
Afghanistan and serve the nation we need
Patriots who care about the country
these people that deserve to be elected
to Parliament I am exercising my
democratic right I want to choose the
right person who will fight for my
rights in the rights of women if women
vote in large numbers their voices will
be heard extraordinary security measures
were in place in the capital Kabul the
authorities are taking no chances ten
candidates were killed during election
campaigning the president suspended the
election in Kandahar province after the
Taliban killed two top officials there
on Thursday election was also delayed in
Ghazni province following ethnic
disputes
Keti what happened in Kandahar was a sad
moment not only for the people of
Kandahar but for all of us the decision
to suspend the election was taken in
collaboration with different
institutions of the state have also
appointed a committee to investigate the
problems we face in Ghazni this election
was initially supposed to take place
three years ago but was delayed because
of a political impasse that has crippled
the country the international community
has been pushing for political reforms a
clamp down on corruption and
reconciliation this is not like election
in any country it's a very special
for the Afghan people so I I admire the
courage I admire the will to choose
their own future
election officials are using biometric
voter verification devices for the first
time to prevent vote rigging but
technical glitches slowed down the
voting this election is only a first
step in a long political process it will
be followed by presidential elections in
April that's when the Afghan authorities
will decide on pursuing political talks
with the Taliban and forming a national
unity government to end decades of
violence a move backed by the US and
others who insist there is no military
solution to the Afghan conflict
Hezbollah aljazeera Kabul
