but then struggling to find a solution
to the unrest in Basra Iraq spar lament
descends into fury as accusations and
blame fly back and forth leaving Shia
cleric moqtada al-sadr says the
government should fix Basra's problems
within 45 days he also says protests
should be halted at the same time to see
if the government delivers members of
sardis parliamentary alliance are now
demanding that the government should
step down we should draw a distinction
between the political factors and the
other issues namely security and
services unfortunately events have
developed rapidly since the parliaments
first session of Monday last as a result
of the escalating political wrangling
which if turned into armed
confrontations will be gravely dangerous
we are keen on steering away from
plunging into such danger now the
situation in Basra is under control
hours before the politicians began
arguing Basra woke on Saturday to
destruction the charred remains of a
night's frustration the people of Basra
struggled with constant power shortages
their water supply has been saturated
with salt which poisoned thousands last
year and many more have been out of work
for a long time
they say corruption and government
neglect is to blame they should have
made an effort to provide good job
opportunities from the beginning and it
should give water to people what do
people want what are these protesters
want they just want to live well and in
peace both sides of the political divide
in Iraq's Parliament say they're forming
coalition's after the recent disputed
election each saying they will create
the political stability Iraq needs but
Basra's battles are unlikely to end soon
if the politicians are also fighting Rob
Matheson al-jazeera
Baghdad
