the intensity of a barrel bomb attack
captured by an al Jazeera news team the
uncertainty of where the bombs will fall
to barrel bombs hit this village in the
southern in Lib countryside and there
were no casualties ha Russian Jets also
bombarded the area throughout the day
all the strikes are focused on the
southern countryside of the province in
civil defense rescue volunteers also
known as the white helmets search for
survivors it's been the most intense
escalation since air strikes resumed on
Eid Lib on Tuesday after over three
weeks of silent skies there were
civilian casualties on both sides this
an area under government control and
syrian state media blaming the rebels
for shelling the area the bombing and
also artillery fire started less than 24
hours after the leaders of Iran Russia
and Turkey met in Tehran Turkey asked
for a ceasefire and Russia refused while
the escalation prompted turkeys foreign
minister to make an unscheduled
statement on Saturday our aim is to stop
these attacks we foresaw that they would
happen we've made great efforts to
separate radical groups from moderate
ones in ed Lib but those terrorist
groups who are there now were brought
there by the Syrian government they were
brought there from Aleppo Homs Hama
Eastern Kuta by corridors that were
opened up directly by those who are
attacking them now a hospital was also
hit according to local activists this is
the sham hospital in southern Italy
built into the mountain to protect it
from air strikes
all the areas hit on Saturday were in
the countryside in sparsely populated
regions the fear is if the military
campaign starts to target the cities and
areas that are far more heavily
populated Turkey's foreign minister says
up to two million civilians could flee
towards its border and says it continues
to pursue political avenues behind the
scenes to prevent a full-on military
escalation Stephanie Decker Jazeera
Antakya
