bass bass bass Oh hurt weekend football
refugees and Swedes a model of
integration and it works as these young
men from Afghanistan and Syria are happy
to explain in fluent Swedish school on
how to gospel I go to school here I play
football I have many friends here and
there are many freedoms in Sweden that's
why I like it here but it isn't working
for everyone
Sunday's election is likely to see a
far-right party the Sweden Democrats
catapulted into second place with
support from around one in five voters
it's a prospect appalling to many
because of the party's neo-nazi origins
and it's anti-immigration policies
everything points to us having a good
election but just how good one can never
know it's a question for the voters the
party's rapid rise is a psychological
setback in a country that long held its
own image in high regard it regarded
itself as a sort of moral superpower in
all sorts of ways that attitude was
particularly shaped by the Cold War
actually if positioned itself between
NATO and between the Soviet bloc and
allied itself very much with the third
world in more recent years this identity
has been more associated with openness
to asylum seekers and refugees and it's
clear that since the great crisis of
2015 that that has changed policies
become much tighter in line with other
European countries and that obviously
has affected sweet perceptions of
themselves - my biggest fear of this
election is that it will polarize the
Society of the Swedish society and put
people against each other instead of
meeting people and get to know each
other I mean we live in a global world
and the idea is that we come together
not being apart and blame each other for
things this is the sort of thing around
which Swedes have traditionally United
the country's openness its liberal
values alongside of course the famous
welfare state but it is also the sort of
thing now that
divides that has allowed a far-right
party to become a prominent force in
national politics exposing deep cracks
in Sweden's moral high ground and
integration only goes so far
the Stockholm suburb of rinkeby where
immigrants congregate could be another
country altogether after this election
Sweden itself might seem that way to
Jonah hull al Jazeera Stockholm
