the collapse of the peace process even
before it had begun was a setback to all
the efforts of the UN Special Envoy to
the Yemen but he refused to be
discouraged so for me the important
aspect of these last three days is we
have started consultations the process
of beginning at the road back to peace
has started not quite in the way that we
would have wanted but it has begun I
shall be going to Muscat during the
course of the next few days and
hopefully on to Sunnah as well of course
to discuss with the hootchie leadership
before they left a member of the Yemen
government delegation told me they would
now force the Hootie's to the
negotiating table their target the port
of her data a vital lifeline for their
economy and humanitarian supplies the
process in Geneva instead of building
trust has exposed the Gulf that
separates the two warring parties and a
new rift has opened with the United
Nations if you pull the merit in every
time these talks face a wall of
irresponsibility by these coup plotters
these groups who are exploiting
international efforts of the Yemeni
government to reach peace they are being
totally irresponsible the special envoy
was unfortunately accommodating the coup
plotters and giving them excuses
it was a long goodbye for the Yemeni
government's delegation heading home to
a war wracked country with little
immediate hopes of peace
David Chater al Jazeera Geneva
