another protest over a shattered economy
much bigger than previous demonstrations
this is the Hootie rebel-held capital
city of salmon look they want to starve
our people to death shame on them we
will triumph no matter what the Saudi
and American enemies do in
government-held areas in Aden and
southern Yemen here the aftermath of a
sixth day of protests with shops all
closed down but central to whichever
side people are on isn't so much that
cost of living it's the cost of survival
demonstrations continue for and against
the Saudi UAE coalition backed
government and different reasoning for
some of the unrest
there's angers shown by those joining
the fighting this man says fighting for
the UAE earns a fraction of the money
paid to those fighting for the Saudis
and with a currency worth so little now
it isn't enough we went out burning
tires because our people are exhausted
compared to those on a Saudi salary we
find price is extremely high hunger and
everything else is here we are
protesting against what we call
corruption and the situations we the
Yemeni people have to suffer they store
fuel from the petrol stations and sell
on the black market
people queue for days to get fuel back
in Sanaa Hooters are united with their
enemies in one interest getting by here
in the Old Market plenty of produce but
it can only be afforded by a minority
with enough cash in Yemen it's the
unspoken thoughts of such a vast number
of civilians the hungry the bereaved the
injured the destitute that could speak
so much louder than all the protest
slogans one NGO has tried to convey some
of the thoughts of those people by
saying this it's time to put aside
strategic and political ambitions and
consider the future of Yemen and the
children all of those children who have
been so recklessly treated
this is a country in a deeper crisis
than ever before Andrew Symonds al
Jazeera Djibouti
