do a successful start to a long and
challenging mission the unmanned Pepe
Columbo blasted off from French Guiana
carrying two smaller spacecraft which
will investigate the surface and
magnetic field of mercury
studying mercury is crucial to better
understand formation of our solar system
our earth is formed and evolved and very
coming from mercury is the smallest
planet in the solar system its proximity
to the Sun means temperatures can reach
up to 430 degrees Celsius in the day and
drop to minus 180 at night the bepi
colombo spacecraft will fly round earth
Venus and Mercury several times in order
to slow down before arriving at its
destination in December 2025 we fly by
nine times the planet in order to lose
energy otherwise the Sun will attract us
very very strongly to fast so we will
use nine times the planet first the
earth twice Venus six times Mercury
eventually we will get there it will
take seven point two years a long trip
once the bepi columbo reaches mercury it
will release the two smaller spacecraft
one will operate in Mercury's inner
orbit the other in its outer orbit
they'll gather data on the internal
structure of the planet its surface and
geological evolution the European Space
Agency spacecraft is designed to look at
the surface of the planet and to study
the planet in detail and the second
spacecraft is designed to look at the
environment and so having two spacecraft
will enable us to do a great deal of new
science compared to the previous
missions the last spacecraft sent to
Mercury ended its four-year orbit in
2015 European and Japanese scientists
behind this 1.5 billion dollar mission
say they're expecting big surprises that
could challenge existing theories about
the evolution of the solar system
Victoria Gaytan be al-jazeera
