the royal wedding took place in London
four months ago played like a scene from
a fairy tale and the media lapped it up
events like these play a part in the
British Royal Family's ongoing effort to
rebrand itself like Prince William's
wedding to Kate Middleton back in 2011
the televised nuptials of Prince Harry
and Megan Marco have helped Buckingham
Palace repair its public image which was
badly damaged following the death of
Princess Diana in 1997 but what about
the role played by the intermediary's
journalists in this royal rebrand but
the pomp and pageantry might mean little
more than ratings and clicks for
international media but Britain's Fourth
Estate is supposed to hold the country's
elite to account and they don't come
much more elite or privileged than the
House of Windsor funded by the taxpayer
but as the royal reporting British
audiences usually get long on deference
and short on scrutiny the
listening-posts daniel Tory now on the
relationship between media and monarchy
in the United Kingdom
on the 19th of May the British royal
family delivered the kind of global
media spectacle that only it seems
capable of one that featured in news
cycles across continents with viewing
figures and hundreds of millions is
little wonder the world's media were out
in force there's a journalist covering
it you felt that you were covering an
iconic moment in royal history well that
that is some dress Adrienne I'm still
sort of just absorbing that some of
those prime positions that were taken by
the BBC ABC we do have a prime viewing
spot some of the other American networks
we're costing in the region of six
figures every day that tells you that
the network's clearly thought they were
going to get a return for their money
this is bigger than any reality TV show
you're going to tune into this is real
life this is a young royal marrying
somebody who's a American be a divorcee
and see of mixed-race now a few years
ago that would have been absolutely
unthinkable you know you can be as
cynical as you like about the royal
family and I always tried to be fairly
cynical when I cover them but the fact
is the public loved it it was like
watching the ceremony was unbelievable
she's at the Guardian who are and you
know an officially Republican paper they
can't help but cover it because they
instantly worry that there will be the
only newspaper without any coverage that
was a huge amount of media attention on
it and at the same time you don't get
the hard-hitting journalism you don't
get people query and exactly how much
the wedding costs and why we're still
funding it oh I think the problem is
lots of people don't like to talk about
the numbers
if questioning the cost of royal events
can feel a touch
awkward for British journalists that's
not the case for their audiences
according to a UK opinion poll taken
days before the wedding
the majority of Britons opposed any
public money being spent on it the royal
family says it paid for the private
aspects of the ceremony but they won't
specify whether that money came from
their private wealth estimated at more
than a billion dollars or from the
annual sovereign grant they received
from the government 105 million dollars
this year however we do know that the
bill for security reportedly as much as
forty million dollars was picked up by
taxpayers britain's media covering an
era of austerity are usually quick to
query public spending but when it
involves royalty they can seemed
curiously coy should more questions have
been asked about costs of security maybe
but there is a tendency to avoid what we
call sour grapes to be looking to be too
sort of stingy and unsympathetic once it
became clear that Parliament did not
vote in an extra five million pounds to
pay for the wedding
I think the broadcast has accepted that
the funding and wealth of the royal
family is nothing that needs much more
attention so what we've seen in Britain
in recent years is a very stark contrast
of inequality so we've seen a huge rise
in the number of people they were using
food banks public services education it
seen massive cuts what we've seen in the
same period is royal finances increasing
booking in Palace and be awarded I think
it was over 300 million for renovations
so it's about making those connections
to the austerity politics that are going
on in what in Britain over the centuries
the British monarchy has lost many of
its formal powers but the sovereign and
the heir to the throne do still inherit
certain unique privileges tax on the
profits from their estates is voluntary
and doesn't have to be disclosed
then there are the Queen's weekly
confidential meetings with the Prime
Minister which allow her to air her
views on government policy the Queen and
Prince Charles also receive all
memoranda from the Cabinet and have the
right to veto new laws that affect them
and as a guardian Freedom of Information
request revealed Prince Charles lobbies
ministers in private meetings and
letters however during the Guardians
investigation the government passed the
law granting the Queen and Prince
Charles an absolute exemption from the
Freedom of Information Act making it
even harder for journalists to
scrutinize the monarchy instead
Britain's royal correspondents tend to
cover the fluffiest side of royalty I
think probably we can get a little
preoccupied with the flippant
sorry something if you're on a royal
engagement you know your job is to relay
what's going on it may well be a visit
to the Teenage Cancer Trust or an
aids-related charity for Prince Harry's
work and you know you often finding that
your top line in the story is Wow Megan
stepped out and respects you one she
again there is an issue here about
taking members of the royal family
holding them directly to account as you
might with a politician or a business
person or whatever
should I be shouting a question of
course as a journalist the answer is yes
I should tradition protocol our DNA with
the royal family determines the bio
Lodge we don't wear a timid feeble lot
that's no doubt about that we ought to
be bolder if the commercial value of
royal news explains how it gets reported
by Britain's privately owned outlets
that still leaves the public broadcaster
the British Broadcasting Corporation the
BBC's Constitution the Royal Charter
says its primary mission is to provide
impartial news but when it comes to
royalty critics say the BBC's coverage
Falls seriously short the BBC constantly
talked about balance when it comes to
everything else about politics
exclaiming change etc but when it comes
to all family simply isn't there the
thoughtful leader the sensible girl and
the mischievous redhead doing things
with that unaffected style which has
become their hallmark it feels as if in
many ways the BBC is simply doing PR for
the Royals every single time there's a
royal birth they will be outside the
hospital waiting just fill in time as is
nothing to really go on this news coming
in to us that there could be an
announcement soon and every single press
trip or any form of public outing is
covered without anything criticism by
the BBC this is Batman's motorbike which
was altogether too much for William a
keen biker himself to resist the BBC's
completely accepted that the same thing
should be deferential we put this
criticism to the BBC the press office
replied that the BBC applies due
impartiality to all of our output
including our coverage of the UK
monarchy there's a saying about the
British press that they're either at
your throat or at your feet and in the
1980s and 90s the relationship between
media and monarchy was more hostile
headlines like these were common as
Britain's tabloids ruthlessly exploited
royal private lives but the death of
Princess Diana in 1997 marked a turning
point newspaper owners accused of
hounding Diana to her death promised to
keep a more respectful distance
as for the royal household its response
to the crisis was seen as cold hearted
and faced with a dramatic drop in
popularity Buckingham Palace began its
rebrand with a little help from the
professionals we can see in the royal
household and is a set of individuals
particularly in their world
communications office who have
previously worked in various media
corporations who have a particular
particular knowledge about how to
package royal news in particular ways
that will work for the new cycle to
remake the British monarchy as more
modern as more cosmopolitan as more
multicultural and using the tools that
those young girls offer them I think the
younger generation really understand
that if
show themselves to be a bit more
down-to-earth whether that's by working
in the Army for a bit or by going to
Wimbledon if they play the game then the
media will play along with them the
success of the monarchy's modernization
is undeniable is those covering them who
seem stuck in the past in 1867 Walter
Badgett editor of The Economist wrote
above all things our royalty is to be
reverenced and if you begin to poke
about it
you cannot reverence it we must not let
in daylight upon magic poking about is
the job of journalism but for some
British journalists the magic of royalty
clearly still casts a powerful spell I
think we got a little wave there is no
question we got away
