the UN Special Envoy spent the morning
in talks with the Yemeni government's
delegation at their hotel in Geneva but
the Houthi rebel delegation still on the
ground in Yemen we are here to put
something to the end of the Yemeni
suffering and patooties proves that they
don't want peace they don't believe in
these the UN's special envoy for the
airman here in Geneva is still trying to
square all these very difficult
diplomatic circles but he does hope
still that there is a chance for these
peace consultations to go ahead but it's
not known how long the patience of
either the Hootie's all the Yemen
government will last a tweet from the
leader of the hootie peace delegation
Muhammad Abdul Salam in the Yemen
capital of Sanaa didn't simplify the
problems the hootie delegation does not
have an airplane so it cannot get
authorized by the saudi alliance which
also needs a US authorization the United
Nations has asked for our participation
in the Geneva consultations the UN must
address the Americans and the British
and deal with that hundreds of Yemenis
were back on the streets for the fourth
successive day to denounce rising prices
and the collapse of the local currency
it's now estimated more than 8 million
people in Yemen are on the brink of
starvation the effects on young children
can be seen clearly at this malnutrition
clinic in Sanaa their lives like the
peace talks are hanging in the balance
David Sater al Jazeera Geneva
