it was an attack that happened fast
jaibo senado one of brazil's top
presidential candidates being carried on
the shoulders of his supporters at a
campaign rally in Minas Gerais State in
southeastern Brazil and then he was
stabbed by someone in the crowd
cell phone video from various angles
capture him clutching his abdomen in
pain his supporters rushed him into
waiting ambulance
amid panic and confusion he arrived at a
local hospital in grave condition with a
stab wound that punctured his liver and
other organs after four hours of
emergency surgery he was stabilized
doctors say he'll spend at least a week
in the hospital but is expected to make
a full recovery the assailant a
middle-aged man was immediately arrested
his motives remain unclear brazil's
president quickly condemned the attack
my villa Oh this reveals to us something
that raises our awareness because it's
intolerable a poll released this week
showed poll senado leading all other
eight eligible candidates ahead of the
October 7 vote bolson otto is a
far-right politician who likens himself
to donald trump Posen ADO's detractors
say he's homophobic racist and sexist
but his campaign message of cracking
down on crime and violence has won him
loyal supporters and a lead in the polls
but because he's so controversial he is
known to often wear a bulletproof vest
at campaign events but it does not
appear he was wearing one on Wednesday
when he was stabbed
b-bros Ando al Jazeera
