one day soon on their way to school
these Palestinian children expect to
find their path blocked by Israeli
police and bulldozers there'll be no
warning it could happen any time after
the next six days Israeli Supreme Court
judges have ordered the demolition of
Hana LACMA school along with the
adjacent Bedouin village the judges say
there can be no more Appeals I've been
very tense I couldn't work got a bit
paranoid and very stressed I didn't take
it well it's a huge responsibility I
haven't slept it's too much how will the
kids learn the school was built by an
Italian charity nine years ago and
educates around 180 pupils from nearby
Bedouin communities misses a hiker says
she could never really believe the
demolition would actually happen I said
they'll never demolish the school I
thought maybe they'd transfer one of the
communities it never occurred to me that
they would demolish a school because
every child has a right to education and
she thinks most children won't go to
other schools because they're too far
away the closest school is far and my
parents are scared to let me go because
of the highway I'll probably end up
tending the Sheep but I want to come to
school I want to study when I grew up I
want to be a dentist but now I'd end up
tending sheep the Palestinian Education
Ministry has told the staff here not to
prepare to move not to pack up not to
move the furniture the school the
ministry says must continue teaching
until the very last minute the land this
school is built on is wanted by Israel
to expand illegal settlements near
occupied East Jerusalem and hands up how
many more schools are under threat of
destruction in the occupied West Bank
around 40 says the charity saved the
children which it says is a breach of
internationally recognized provisions to
protect schools in conflict areas
Bernhard Smith al-jazeera Hana LACMA
