the British police believe these are the
men who attempted to assassinate a
double agent
on the streets of the UK Alexander
Petrov and Ruslan basarov probably
aliases and now the prime suspects in
the attempted murder of Sir G scribble
the police have images of the two men
near the scribbles house apparently
moments before Navi chalk was smeared on
the front door
the strippers were found slumped near
their home in Salisbury the case has
caused a massive diplomatic rift with
Russia which has consistently said the
UK could provide no proof that it was
responsible the UK now believes that is
exactly what it has and not only that
the Prime Minister said to a stunned
Parliament's the British security
services believe that two men are
military intelligence officers of the
Russian States I can today tell the
house that based on a body of
intelligence
the government has concluded that the
two individuals named by the police and
CPS are officers from the Russian
military intelligence service also known
as the GRU the GRU is a highly
disciplined organisation with a
well-established chain of command so
this was not a rogue operation it was
almost certainly also approved outside
the GRU at a senior level of the Russian
stage after months of work the police
have offered a detailed timeline of the
movements of the two prime suspects they
say the Russians flew from Moscow to
London Gatwick Airport on Aeroflot
flight to five double 8 on March the
second they then stayed at a hotel in
East London before catching a train to
Salisbury on the afternoon of March the
third and returning to London on the
same day they then repeated the trip on
Sunday March the 4th where the police
say CCTV footage shows them near this
cripples house by the evening they'd
left London and were flying back to
Moscow on aeroflot's
to 585 at the hotel in East London the
police say they found trace elements of
Nava chalk so small that they didn't
pose a risk to health but it still
counts as evidence we know that part of
their movements was read the second and
fourth
to stay in a city stay hotel in boat we
know the room they stayed in we know
that when we find out who they were and
we found out which hotel they stayed in
on the 2nd of May we took control of
that hotel and in that room we found low
traces of knowledge on both the police
and international chemical agent body
the OPCW have said it was the same batch
of Nava chop that was used against the
scribbles which then killed dawn Sturgis
and seriously injured her boyfriend
Charlie Rowley they had found a fake
perfume case with a bottle inside
adapted to release the novice shock
the couple had assumed it was perfume
and she sprayed the nava chalk on
herself
this case and that of the scribbles are
now directly being linked in the
criminal inquiry that's exactly the
point when the British police were
briefing journalists in London about all
this the Russian Foreign Ministry was
tweeting this derogatory video comparing
Prime Minister Mae's dancing ability
with that of the Foreign Ministry
spokeswoman as a signal it could hardly
have said we don't care anymore bluntly
the last time the UK had prime suspects
in an attack on a spy
it was the Alexander Litvinenko case
which ended with Andrey Lugovoy named as
one of the killers eventually made a
member of the Russian parliament the UK
can't get the two prime suspects in the
strip okay extradited it's against
Russian law in any way it would be
hardly worth the effort the strippers
have survived but UK Russian relations
are stuck in the freezer Laurens Lee al
Jazeera London
