well joining me now from Amsterdam is
Adam Anders Adam is a co-founder and
managing partner at and terror capital
good to have you with us
so can the world produce enough food for
nine billion people that's the big
concern going forward where do you think
we're heading you know I think if it's
just about delivering calories there is
enough land around the world and
probably enough resourceful people I
think the problem is where that food has
to be and whether it's nutritious enough
whether it's affordable
what exactly is AG tech so for us AG
tech is the adoption of new ideas new
technologies being digital biotech
material sciences applied to any aspect
of the food and agriculture value chain
that works from the stage of breeding to
pesticides on farm practices
transportation shelf-life logistics
right give us some examples though some
practical examples of what a normal farm
that's converted into AG tag how does it
look different and so for example if
we're dealing at the farm level you
could first of all what AG input the
farmer might choose so the genetics the
actual performance of the plant how do
we know that that plant is suitable for
that soil how do we know that the right
amount that C is going to be used and
then from there once you've actually
made a planting decision how can you use
data in order to be more precise both
about that first moment of planting and
then how to treat that that plant as it
grows then we go through that treatment
process with different forms of
pesticide fungicide herbicide
traditionally an area where some quite
brutal chemicals have been used and it's
time to the next generation and then
it's harvesting time how do we record
that yield how can the farmer best mark
at that product and digital or biotech
solutions are available to help every
aspect for the power okay but listening
to you there one wonders this are we
talking about a system of farming that
really requires a fundamental maybe
complicated set of changes to the whole
Sesa farming you know I don't think so
and also farmers can adopt it in
different degrees so if it's just a
better performing sea in a saline soil
or an low moisture environment that's
something that could be distributed
anywhere in the world and just help
productivity in use you can also go very
high-tech and be analyzing your farm not
even at the field over at the plant
level eventually maybe so I think that's
going to be up to the farm is there
enough investment going on there they
like that because it sounds great the
investment activity is moved from let's
say five years ago practically
non-existent so globally when we started
looking at eight to ten years ago was
300 million globally invested a year in
the one of the largest centers in the
earth these days we're looking in the
billions and egg tech alone probably
three to four billion last year if you
include food tech some people say Tempe
so it's definitely growing is it enough
there I'm not sure about you what about
developing countries will they be left
behind the AG tech revolution if they're
not able to put as much money as others
into the game I personally think some of
the best opportunities for improvement
are an emerging countries and also some
of the best opportunities for getting a
return on that application of technology
for entrepreneurs and that's in part
because we've got a very big yield cap
and in developed countries farmers are
achieving seventy sometimes 80 percent
of yield potential in emerging markets
often 30 percent another key reason
would be we're seeing a step change in
technology where you turn it to going
through the farming practices that have
helped emerging in the developed markets
but arguably these days are holding them
back a bit and that links to my third
reason why it's going to be great for
emerging markets is less arrogant about
how to farm and there's more openness to
some of these suggestions than we see in
God armies in say the Netherlands taking
advice on how to do Terry when they've
been world leaders for 400 years in that
sector
I like the point there you touched upon
an issue you made me think of an issue
there when you said they'll be less
arrogant how different will the farmer
of the future look like then compared to
now because when you say farmer you know
you kind of think of a chap in the field
with a you know raking the field will
the farmer instead be sitting on a
computer with big data and doing
statistical manipulations or something
like that okay definitely don't think a
computers part of the arts and farmers
will always want to be in the food and
be close to their plants their animals
their land and there's a big part of
that that's that's a part of owning a
grub on a farm that's a part of being a
farmer but using your smartphone or an
iPad in order to prioritize what to do
that day to know more in more
specificity where there might be disease
pressure how you can more accurately
apply a pesticide or look after your
field and actually farming at that more
detailed level will be helped by
technology I'm quite certain of it
whether it be 3d printing our food for
example but look I think that's a
different solution in a different data
set and it's possible that 3d printing
will helpful but I don't see that as a
fundamental revolution in the same way
of what I see happening on the farm I do
think it's a novel idea and I think
it'll solve some transportation issues
some ingredient issues and certainly it
can be a lot of fun in terms of
different flavors textures and
everything else that we're seeing in
high-end restaurants alright thanks so
much for coming and talking to us about
that that's a great pleasure thank you
for having me
