over 300 people come to get a hot meal
every day to this soup kitchen in Buenos
Aires the economic crisis is making life
difficult for people like Cynthia Falco
who has five children and can barely
make enough to survive it's difficult
for me to say it but the situation is
horrible
we cannot afford to buy food I'm worried
about my children because if they don't
eat well they get sick bill mucuna is in
charge of the place and says there is a
waiting list with hundreds of people who
are waiting to be able to eat here the
situation is difficult because we are
getting help from the government but
it's not enough if we don't get any more
food we can't take in any more people
it's difficult because people are hungry
and they need us the peso has evaluated
100% in the past year and that has had
huge consequences in the poor
neighborhoods of when Osiris the impact
of the devaluation of the peso on food
prices it's something that worries those
who are trying to help those in need
this year the prices of food have
already increased around 30 percent
something that makes it difficult for
people living here to buy some basic
food items like bread pasta and meat a
few days ago there was an attempt to
loot a supermarket in the neighborhood
similar situations happened in other
parts of Argentina we were working and
heard screaming these young kids between
15 and 20 they tried to enter the market
and loot it's an example of how
sensitive the situation is and it seems
that the crisis on TV every day is
adding to the difficulties we already
face we are all suffering but some
groups feel that they have the right to
go out and loot the government of
Mauricio Macri is struggling to prevent
an economic collapse and has announced
austerity measures to reduce the fiscal
deficit Macri had acknowledged poverty
rates are on the rise and announced he
will give extra cash handouts for the
poor Nathanael / Eduardo Danza says much
more needs to be done but are in process
stopping inflation is crucial right now
but that's not going to solve everything
there has to be an increase in local
production to generate jobs and for that
we need to see a creation of state
policies and a government that has the
clarity and humility to call on all
sectors to cooperate the possibility of
further rises in household basics have
many in Argentina fearing for the future
in the meantime there are those who are
suffering the consequences of the crisis
right now Paris Abu al Jazeera Buenos
Aires
