my name is Tim mccurdy I'm the author of
the boy on the beach and you are
hi i'm femi okay and I'm Molly could be
loud today what is the legacy of
journalist Marie Colvin we're discussing
the role of journalism in conflict as a
documentary on the legendary war
correspondent is released so you can
share your thoughts and then you might
also be in the street
our robbery the 13th 2012 reporter Marie
Colvin and photographer Paul Conroy
snuck into Syria they were on a mission
to tell the stories of Syrian civilians
trapped in the war-torn city of Homs for
Colvin it would be her last assignment
on February 22nd she and another
journalist French photographer Romeo
chu'lak were killed by the Syrian army
Conroy and others were wounded but
survived that story is told in an
upcoming documentary under the wire
based on Conroy's book of the same title
have a look
she was clearly impassioned by what
she'd seen I counted 14 shells hitting
civilian area
I said to marine what is your exit
strategy why is she gonna run when they
can't done I want to tell the stories of
each person these members and then I
just had this Geneva to me any sense did
not get in the ambulance
we knew we had to drive through the
front line that ready we're going
get out and tell the world that was
their words
well joining us from London we have the
film's director Chris Martin and Paul
Conroy the photographer who was with
Murray in Syria and in Oyster Bay New
York cat Colvin Murray's sister hello
everybody it is good to have you here
this is an unusual film it's an
intriguing film it feels like a movie
Chris
where were you when you thought I need
to make this documentary Trinidad I was
filming I was actually filming we wish
we were having a shoot in the very very
pleasant island of Trinidad and I heard
about Murray Murray and Remy had been
killed and I started obviously paying a
lot of attention and a nice I saw these
clips on YouTube of Paul making a play
and he was trapped and it just gripped
me then and we were when we would go out
on the shoot and in the days all the
crew would be saying is he out is he out
as you out and I think everybody you
know I think everybody who sort of
encountered the story has just been kind
of enthralled by it I don't know I have
from from from that very first moment
really who you probably think of you in
Trinidad where we were hidden Tom's yeah
well you know that you have a unique
role in this film because I was sitting
there in the theater and there's this
horror that is happening and we're
reliving it with you and all the other
people who were involved and there with
you in arms but we're also laughing
because you are so you're witty you're
so your humor so dry as well how do you
do that because you must be retelling
the story so many times yeah I mean
humor actually it's not just enough I
mean a lot of people when they read the
books that it's like it's the funniest
black tragedy that they've ever read but
that's all stems from doing a job you
know murray and an incredible sense of
humor and so that's how we kind of
bounced off each other getting getting
through doing
job and you know it's it's I think it's
important that a caddy done like that
through the book and and in the film and
it's kind of it's really shortened in
the cinema when you're watching it and
you do hear the audience laugh and at
the beginning there's a few parts where
you know you can hear the chuckles and
when I hear that I kind of think you
know that did engage and they're going
on a trip with us
but yeah you may you know ask cats about
marillion a humor you know it was its
what reminds me so much of Murray when I
talked to Paul I I've never met anyone
but Colin Murray who had this really
dark sense of humor Murray had us all
laughing when she you know lost her eye
it was just a funny funny story it's
hard to imagine but the way she told it
and had everyone laughing I honestly
thought she'd come out of homes but the
funny story that the news reports were
all wrong and she was fine but obviously
she didn't you know cat the run up and
then the press on this documentary had
people sharing their own reflections
online about your sister I wanted to
share just a - from members of our
community this is Tamiya who tweets in
Marie Colvin was a huge reason I went
into journalism when she passed away I
sent my father a brief bio and said this
is my dream job
he wasn't very excited to say the lease
and Sam is now a journalist often times
with Al Jazeera another person writes in
on Twitter saying that as a Tamil I'm
grateful for her she had the accurate
and unbiased understanding towards the
prolonged civil war in the island
country sri lanka where she lost her
left eye by Sri Lankan army RPG in April
2001 Kat she became really known and
recognizable for that eye patch tell us
about that time in truth I tell you that
tweet you just read from the Tamil
person community has been so incredibly
supportive of my family and done so much
to preserve Murray's legacy so I really
appreciate that from them and I know
that Murray cared so much to make their
voices heard and the journalism student
who wrote in I'm sure her parents might
not be thrilled it can be dangerous
but it makes me really happy you know
we've started journalism school and
Maurice name she was so supportive of
young journalists because she believed
and how important this job was
especially today I am thrilled to hear
that students are interested in
following race and race paths Paul
there's a big picture behind me and it's
a view and Murray working together and
you look as thick as fees what was it do
you think that made your working
relationship work so well obviously the
same black sense of humor but there's
got to be a lot more than that to carry
you through Wars Oates yeah I mean
honestly think it boiled back to how we
first met in Syria I think it was 13 14
years ago
I just tried to build a boat and sneaked
into Iraq on this homemade boat and and
no one else had talked to me when I got
captured only other journalists said
you've spoilt it for everyone but Murray
walked in and I was sitting in the bar
on my own and she just walked in she
went who and where is the bolt man and I
can't that brother meekly put me whiskey
okay that you've inherited your sister's
journalism skills because the boat was
made out of what cat you you asked that
question yeah it was made out of what
Paul go ahead listen it was made those
of for Laurie inner tubes a ball of
string and some spare bits of wood very
classy top tips from war photographers
thank you for Malika I want to share
this this is from Sylvia who says that
what stands out turns out the most of
her about Marie is bearing witness I
think that this was really Marie
Colvin's vocation by reading her
articles from different war zones we
were witnesses to and we couldn't say
anymore that we didn't know Chris I want
to direct this one to you because in
making this film and watching it there
is no way to say that we didn't know
even if you missed what happened back at
the start of the Syrian war
does this resonate with you yeah
absolutely I mean you know one of the
things you know in making it it's taken
us a while to make the film I mean
there's a big these are big productions
and financially and just logistically
and so you know we've we've been working
on it over the course of the whole
Syrian catastrophe really I think is the
only word that you could that I could
use and a lot of people you know a lot
of people that would spoke to Syrian
people that we were looking for for
archive of the time I mean there was an
incredible understandable
disillusionment had set in and and and
they really didn't want to actually talk
to a lot of Western journalists that had
enough because nothing had happened and
then as soon as you'd mentioned Marie
and Paul you know the lights that go on
and yeah we'll help you what you want
and suddenly the gates opened and I
talked to them about it and they said to
me
very clearly they are the only people
who actually understood what we went
through mmm you know and they that they
actually lived through it and you know
tragically for murray paid the same kind
of price that they paid so i mean i'm
not saying that you have to lose your
life to be special but i think it sort
of shows something about about what
murray did you know and and how far she
would take it and pull together and how
much it meant to people on the ground i
mean it meant a lot you know i i know
that for a fact from the people we spoke
to chris i want to give people a sense
of how you tell the story and how you
get poor amory into syria in your
documentary have a look at this every
way there's lights
at the bottom hem lines as an army
checkpoint and the soldiers and this is
50 yards away
Lorraine disappears
a shadow of wave and you passed on to a
shadow a shadow gives you to another
shadow and then just the little flash of
a light of a truck
I don't know if it's the Syrian army
waiting for us it's a trap I don't know
I just run
I just see my rain remind that you know
and she just left me she went indeed
Paul we got this tweet on that
experience Sultan says out of the amount
of question said she has how did you
enter Syria and didn't you have any
protection from the government or Intel
talk to us about that I mean you say
that it was basically pitch black
it was shadowy and you're just kind of
following along in the dark what was
that like I mean it was it was a leap of
faith a lot of it we met people in
Beirut and it took a long time to to
establish contacts and and we were
literally put into a truck taking a
further taken out and you know we get I
think was a minefield we went through
and then we were just given to other
people yet no protection the only the
only information we had was the Lebanese
intelligence had told us that any
journalist found in or around Homs were
to be executed and have the bodies
thrown on the battlefield so we kind of
knew that going in which Adam obviously
added another layer of trepidation but
it was very much a leap of faith and and
just a trust that the people you were
getting passed on to work with the right
people you know probably one of the most
terrifying things that memory did was
that was that first journey in it was a
real test of anyone's metal I think if
something he took that journey with you
and stayed with you while you were in
Homs and his name is what el he's a
remarkable young Syrian can you talk to
us about how important he was because he
wouldn't leave you absolutely well I
mean honestly if there's any you know I
don't use the word you know a lot very
rarely is but wail in my mind was a hero
the the moment we met well and he
wouldn't accept any payments he just
wanted the Dewar's piece and he was just
so integral to everything and
communications became you know fluency
understood subtlety and nuance and and
after the you know he was really badly
injured in the attack and he would not
leave you know
new Baba Amro really well he grew up
there as a kid he played that he knew
the ways in and out and you know he just
would not leave but you know such a
person of honor
you really don't meet too many people
like that that's a way out when when we
were looking for I hope he doesn't mind
me saying this telling you this but when
we when we contacted him he lives in
Scandinavia now and we had to arrange
for a visa for him to come to England
and he was late for the for the
interview at the Embassy and we said you
know why are you late he said oh I just
didn't have the money for the taxi on
that day so when he came to England I
got him an envelope and we had some
money in it and I wrote to mrs. white
and I said in England we have a
tradition you know that if someone comes
over from a foreign country to do an
interview we give them you know this
this thing and he just looked at me and
he just went no no no no no nice try but
my wife wouldn't take you know I you
know I it's you know you know you it's
it's almost like I don't know whether
you think about this boy you'd I know
you think this poor but when you you
know you meet like a man or a woman or
whatever but a person of just absolute
honor you know and he really is you know
in this game you know you meet a lot of
in this business you meet a lot of
people really impressive people who've
been through things but we're really
stands out for me I mean that guy is an
honorable honorable man and you know
he's a fine representative of his
country and you know I I salute him
really he's that he's the he's that for
me he's the sort of unsung hero of the
yeah I we don't mind me saying that poor
buddy no no he's a you know he's a
really really top person he's very
supportive of the lawsuit that I brought
against Syria and he was that one of the
first people that my attorneys at this
Center
accountability interviewed and he just
he was supportive missin even the word
he was sort of proud of me I'm humble I
guess is what I would think you know he
didn't take credit but he was really
integral to that lawsuit I know that
that definitely showed in the film but
the the person of integrity that he was
but in addition to that so many
questions that we're getting here for
you Paul I want to bring up just two
this is Siri who says how you got out of
homes with his with your leg injury
after the trauma of losing both Marie
and the photographer Remy how it felt
when you landed back in England did you
have the same mentality towards
journalism after witnessing those deaths
and and piggybacking on that someone
here wants to talk about your emotional
aftermath after all that you witnessed
okay yeah I mean getting out you know
anyone who watches the film will see in
the film that one of the things that
really stuck with me and stick with me
the rest of my life is when I was
leaving in the tunnel they they said
please get out and tell the world so
London back in England eventually after
escape and I I really have never changed
from the fact that I'm almost still on
the job
you know my my it didn't end when I got
to England in fact it really actually
part of it began and that goes for how
I've dealt with it all as well I just
haven't allowed myself to to fall into
self-pity it's been like I've come out
and I've still got a job to do and that
is there to keep telling the world about
the cilium people and that the massacre
and the slaughters that we witness they
owe it to Murray to Remy to all of the
people who did everything to get me this
well you know I I saw why I never looked
at it as I've I've stopped I just look
at this as a continuation of that final
assignment I want to show our audience
some headlights really important
headlines family of killed us journalist
Marie Colvin Sue's Syria Marie Colvin's
family launches battle for justice and
Assad regime assassin
later journalist Marie Colvin says court
claimed this is some court case you've
got going on you want to take us back to
how it started and then where we are
right now where you are right now it all
started with Paul telling me that Marie
had been targeted Marie I was so angry I
mean overwhelming feeling was anger I
was in touch with the reporters without
borders who eventually put me in touch
with the lawyers who represent me now
the Center for justice and
accountability and we've been able to
prove over you know years of interviews
with refugees and defectors people who
risk their lives to smuggle out
documents and evidence but we brought a
suit in DC District Court we have a
default judgment we're waiting for the
for the final order which should be
coming soon it's the same judge that's
hearing a Paul Manafort case so I think
she might be a little distracted but I
really initially brought it like you
said to bring justice to Marie or like
the headlights red but as it proceeded
or quick very quickly it took on meaning
to give a voice to the Syrian people to
bring to light the danger the you know
lives that journalists risking their
lives to bring the news to us and how
important that is how critical it is if
there's no one on the ground you know
right now there's so much less news
coming out of Syria it's hard to know
the depth of the suffering that Marie
always gave voice to the individuals on
the ground that were being bombed and
slaughtered and so the the lawsuit is as
much for the Syrian people at this point
as it is for my family I want them to
know that we haven't forgotten them
so we all try to do our bit it seems
minor really I know Marie would have
done a lot more if I roasted
reversed but it was what I could do you
know cat someone on Twitter this is
Thomas he says I think the family will
have a good case against a said regime
there's a lot of evidence confirming the
deliberate killing of Marie Colvin and
Holmes by the regime the regime however
will not care much about the case or any
final judgment so there is that but but
picking up on that last sentence there
is what I want to pivot to thinking
about the Syrian government and the war
thus far
Scott here writes in the killing of
Marie Colvin was not just the killing of
a journalist it was an attempted
deterrent for any journalist and
remember all of the Syrian journalists
who have been killed detained and
tortured from bringing us that window on
war and the evil of those waging it
Chris do you want to take that on
was there a chilling effect after the
death of Marie Ann rummy yeah I mean I
think Paul is probably better to talk
about it but I would say that you know
it was successful in the sense that it
did deter people from going in you know
I mean the the targeting of journalists
has become something that's you know has
become you know more and more an obvious
tactic of governments and warring
parties is that you know if you can stop
the message coming out then you know
that's a big I mean in this sort of
information particularly it's a it's a
it's a big part of the battle and so I
think yeah I think you know I think
deliberately targeting journalists is is
is part of the war that they waged and
it was successful I was to take out the
journalists first sure
yes Paul go ahead yeah let me show you
yes kill a messenger kill the messenger
is a strategy yeah and I don't think
it's waiting completely because I think
you know it drives you know when people
see what happened to Marie and hopefully
when they see the book you know they'll
realize that they mail they may get away
with so much but you know at the end of
the day with that with the with work cat
and Scott I've done and highlight in
this you know I just think the case is
so important and speaking hours on born
just to prevent the slow creeping really
of the Assad regime that were starting
to see the beginnings of now hopefully
when the case is settled and it's all
done and dust that people will look at
this regime who have blood on their
hands and they will not see people we
should do business with that is critical
that the the prism is focused back on
this regime the crimes they've committed
against their own people and and not
allow them back slowly interest into
normal society yeah and I could say you
know no no go ahead okay and the
evidence that we've gathered we
submitted so much more than was actually
necessary we had just hundreds and
hundreds of documents translated in the
hope that someday there could be a
criminal trial you know I as an
individual couldn't bring a criminal
case but with this evidence is now
available to everybody in other
countries and hopefully one day in a
criminal trial so guess let me share
this with you and with our audience as
well have a look here on my laptop this
is a very old article from The Telegraph
II a UK national newspaper and they were
quoting Murray from a social ceremony
that she held and she was a guest at in
2010 memorializing other journalists and
cameramen and staff who in the field who
had died as they were doing their duty
as they were doing their work and she
says here in the age of 24/7 rolling
news blogs and tweets we are on constant
call wherever we are but war reporting
is still essentially the same someone
has to go there and see what is
happening and let me just show you here
this is Homs in Syria and this is where
Paul was with Marie and this was back in
2012 but this is Marie Colvin this is
what we can't get so much anymore
that reporting in the field during a
conflict
Milica what you want to leave us with
this tweet from sunny who says still
missed every day thank you and rest in
power Marie
Kath and Chris and Paul thank you so
much for joining us under the wire opens
this week in the UK and from set
ten to the seventh have looked here my
laptop you can download it wherever you
happen to be in the world I highly
recommend it
Thank You guests for being with us take
care
