Japan's most powerful storm for nearly
25 years
typhoon Gebbie finally makes landfall
ripping apart buildings and sending
debris in kyoto station flying with
winds of up to a hundred and eighty
kilometers an hour the full force of the
storm struck japan's western coastline
bringing with it torrential rain and
disruption several thousand people were
left stranded when water poured into
Kansai International Airport little
could be done to keep the floodwater out
and hundreds of flights have been
cancelled a tanker which had been
sheltering from the storm careered into
the bridge which links the airport to
the mainland the crew on board are said
to be safe the authorities in Japan have
advised more than a million people to
evacuate their properties 1.6 million
homes are without power this is the
latest in a series of severe weather
systems to hit Japan in recent months
typhoon jebbie has already claimed lives
and caused dozens of injuries many here
are now hoping for a break from the
deluge Emma Hayward al-jazeera
