Argentina is trying to prevent a major
economic crisis president Mauricio Macri
announced emergency measures to stop the
weakening of the peso
but on the streets tensions continues to
be on the rise on Monday people gather
to protest after almost 600 workers who
were laid off from this ministry they're
convinced the situation will only get
worse when you see what the government
is doing you know that the only thing we
can expect is more layoffs a
deteriorating situation for those who
need work Macri announced he's
continuing with an austerity push and he
would see the number of ministries
dropped to ten from nineteen he also
reinstated attacks on exports reversing
the cuts announced soon after he was
elected president three years ago to
cover what's lacking during this
transition that has become an emergency
we are asking those who can contribute
I'm referring to exporters that their
share will be greater we know that it's
a bad very bad tax which goes against
what we want to promote which is more
exports to create more jobs across
Argentina but I have to ask you to
understand that this is an emergency and
we need your support after signing an
agreement with the IMF the government's
main priority is to reduce the fiscal
deficit but for people on the streets
inflation is their main worry
Argentines are watching closely the
weakening of the peso because it has a
direct impact on inflation which
continues to be one of the highest in
the world and that's why exchange houses
like this ones are filled with people
who are waiting to trade their pesos for
US dollars
the economic collapse of 2001 is still
fresh in people's memory when a run on
the currency ended with a run on the
banks
millions of middle-class workers were
pushed into poverty many fear the
current austerity measures may end up
the same way economy say the crisis this
time is financial and political the
government is attacking the problems in
a reasonable way the negative side of
this of course those efforts are not
necessarily popular and they don't sum
up to votes and next year we have a very
important election a presidential
election but I think the governor is
trying to anticipate those electoral
year by trying to do as much as hard as
possible this year for now Macri is
focused on putting the current crisis to
an end but those affected say they'll
remain on the streets to fight the
policies that hurt people like them
there is a war al Jazeera Bono Cyrus
