an awareness event by air pollution
campaigners in a city that is becoming
aware of a growing danger
this summer Hong Kong like much of
mainland China has been experiencing
record levels of ozone a complex mix of
pollutants from vehicles and industry
that's made worse during heat waves and
a problem not helped by climate change
Hong Kong's actually has the highest
level of ozone for the last two decades
and right now we do not know how to deal
with that and it is a problem for Hong
Kong and the entire China polluted air
has long been endured as the necessary
cost of rapid economic development that
only recently been tackled legislation
has been passed to control industrial
emissions as well as from vehicles and
shipping and there's a drive towards
using renewable sources of energy
instead of coal cities like Beijing have
been enjoying far more so-called blue
sky days critics say the Chinese and
Hong Kong governments have been forced
to act for fear of social discontent if
they didn't but the outcome for China's
cities has been the same after years of
deteriorating air quality finally signs
of improvement I think the political
climate has changed a lot and there's a
lot of talk about pollution being not
acceptable
Alexus Lao leads a university team that
has developed a mobile app giving
real-time pollution readings at street
level anywhere in the city people can
then plan their daily routines to be as
pollution free as possible then they
have a set of information they can
choose I think that will give them some
help in term of our trying to reduce
their exposure to air pollution
scientists and activists helping to
empower a generation of city dwellers
increasingly concerned about the air
they breathe
Rob McBride al-jazeera Hong Kong
