the question in Washington these days is
not just where is the Muller
investigation into President Donald
Trump going but who is next after seeing
both his lawyer Michael Cohen and a
central figure in his business empire
Alan yslow Berg agreed to cooperate with
prosecutors in exchange for immunity
Trump then learned that David pecker a
longtime friend and a key media player
had done the same pecker is the chairman
of American media Inc ami which owns the
National Enquirer a supermarket tabloid
not known for stellar journalism The
Enquirer is part of the Trump story not
just because of the stories it published
but because of the ones that didn't the
practice is known as catch and kill it
works like this if someone had a
potentially damaging story about Donald
Trump for sale The Enquirer would buy it
and bury it so that that bad news would
never see the light of day what about
the legal precedent though a newspaper
under investigation
- that prosecutors argue The Enquirer is
no news outlet it's a political tool our
starting point this week is New York
City
they're dropping like flies flipping
like pancakes
one by one some of Donald Trump's
closest confidants have become witnesses
for the possible prosecution of the
President
those people are Michael Cohen who was
Trump's longtime personal attorney and
his longtime fixer and you also now have
Ellen whistle Berg who was the CFO of
the Trump Organization and was sort of
the guy who took care of Trump's money
and David pecker who would headed the
group that owned the National Enquirer
and kept a lot of Trump secrets so you
have the guy who got rid of his legal
troubles the guy who got rid of his
money problems and the guy who got rid
of his scandals now all cooperating in
these investigations and the notion now
that David pecker might flip on Donald
Trump is a real huge development I don't
think you can overstate it because the
fact of the matter is I think these two
guys know a lot about each other and if
one of them starts talking about the
other one in this case the publisher
talking about the president there's no
end where that will go
but it cannot be good for Donald Trump
the publication that David pecker
controls the National Enquirer holds a
unique seedy place in the American media
landscape founded in 1926 it's a
supermarket tabloid and it goes where
other papers do not openly paying
sources for stories of the most
sensational kind during the 2016
presidential election campaign the
Enquirer's support for Donald Trump was
flagrant it lauded the candidate went
after his Republican rivals with dubious
allegations and then did the same with
Hillary Clinton
the Enquirer's journalism was not worthy
of having an effect on the elections
outcome however given its visibility it
may well have the national enquirer is a
trashy poet or a trashy tabloid it's not
even political right most of its
coverage is about celebrity scandals
half of which are not true however it
does have a prominent place in u.s.
culture both for the kind of just
pleasure of reading a salacious gossip
that it propounds and also because
physically in all supermarkets across
the nation the National Enquirer is
found right at the checkout line
the cover of the National Enquirer is
seen by millions and millions of people
who are low information voters who don't
even need to buy the magazine and they
read the headline and they think at
least a lot of them do that it's at
least credible if not totally real
that's something you literally cannot
purchase it was very obvious the
National Enquirer through Donald Trump's
friendship with David Becker was an arm
of the Trump campaign and in fact they
were doing things that a campaign would
never dream of trying to get away with
the National Enquirer
is also where stories go to die when
those stories are potentially damaging
to Donald Trump in August of 2016 just
months before the election The Enquirer
paid a former Playboy model Karen
McDougal
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
for her story of an affair with Trump
the agreement stipulated that mcdougal
could not tell her story to anyone else
but The Enquirer never published it it
caught the story then effectively killed
it
and the paper did the same with the
story alleging Trump had fathered a
child out of wedlock in the late 1980s
and those are just the catch and kill
stories involving Trump and The Enquirer
that we know about no one would be
shocked if there were others what David
Packard does is he buys the rights to
those stories but then he never
publishes those stories those stories
never see the light of day he keeps them
in a safe but in return
David pecker gets other things from
Trump other stories other bits of gossip
and he treats on that with Donald Trump
if you go out and pay a substantial
amount of money for a story and then you
put that story side you kill it during
the course of a campaign you are
effectively making a campaign
contribution if we've got a circumstance
where information that would be of
interest the great mass of people is
being pulled out of the process and
hidden on behalf of a particular
candidate it's hard not to see that as
beneficial to the candidate so they are
both responsible for burnishing his
reputation as well as for making sure
that negative coverage of him did not
come to light so the fact that pecker is
now working for the investigation means
that all of the knowledge of those
stories and we only know a couple but
it's likely that there's more are now
going to become known by the
investigators into Trump and into
potential collusion how worried is
Donald Trump about what kind of stories
the Enquirer has under lock and key
according to the New York Times very it
reported this past week that Trump tried
to buy those stories from ami just prior
to the 2016 election but then an
agreement between him and David pecker
was never reached and Trump isn't the
only American concerned by the fact that
the Enquirer is under investigation and
the potential legal precedent this case
could set newspapers even ones like The
Enquirer are constitutionally protected
under the First Amendment which
guarantees freedom of the press I
believe in a very broad interpretation
of the First Amendment and that even a
gossip publication they have a full
right to invoke those
affections because it is often on the
margins that stories that need to be
told
our first hold and so I think we still
have to be very conscious of the right
of editors and publishers writers to
assert freedom of the press protections
well this might not be a news flash to
everybody but the National Enquirer
doesn't do journalism you know there's a
big difference between being biased in
someone's behalf and doing their dirty
work working with their fixer Michael
Cohen to shut people up who might have
negative stories about Donald Trump the
claim here is that the National Enquirer
was effectively making a campaign
contribution to Donald Trump and that
would be a violation of our campaign
finance laws Donald Trump first rose to
prominence decades ago in New York for
that he had the city's tabloids to thank
his brash persona suited the Daily News
and the New York Post far better than
the New York Times they could not get
enough of him
these days the Times is among the
outlets Trump targets disgusting news
and labels the enemy of the American
people now as the prosecutors appear to
be closing in the biggest threat posed
to the president comes not from The
Times CNN or The Washington Post it
comes from a tabloid and all the news
that the National Enquirer did not
consider
to print
