as the fierce heat of the day starts to
ebb it's time to get ready last-minute
grooming final checks on saddles and
stirrups and then out into the arena
here in northern Gaza given the
territory's recent history of conflict
blockade and economic crisis it's
perhaps a surprise to find young people
here competing in what around the world
is viewed as an elitist sport ahmed alaa
za z is aiming himself to be an elite
show jumper taking advantage of the
recent opening of Gaza southern crossing
with Egypt he traveled to Jordan and
then Germany excelling in 2/5 nation
tournaments ambition is to compete
internationally in the recent
tournaments I won first and second
places some competitions allow us to
qualify for the World Cup but we've
missed out on so many because of the
siege and the closure of the crossings
this is final training for a gaza wide
competition unlike many sports in this
conservative society here girls and boys
train and compete together the contests
are split according to the heights of
the jumps not the competitors gender
difference we're like brothers and
sisters and I'm ready to compete Society
does banned women from doing a few
things that contradict traditions but I
don't care I'll continue but the
egalitarianism only goes so far this is
an activity reserved for the very few in
Gaza who can afford it
stabling costs about $200 a month some
of the horses imported from Israel even
Europe are worth thousands
most of Garza's horses are used for
heavy labor not sport unemployment
stands at 44 percent more than half the
population relies on food aid all around
the world this is a sport that carries
connotations of elitism and wealth but
here in Gaza more than most places the
contrast between scenes like this and
the realities of daily life for so many
is particularly stark trainer Ahmed
Ramsey says working with horses helps
children who no matter their relative
wealth have had childhoods marred by
conflict and siege but he says the costs
are becoming harder to sustain hatas
harborough's in my liliane sari has more
even while our families are now reducing
their expenses including on this part
many will send their son to get trained
but when they reach a certain level with
competition and fees and so on
then they start a few days later and
it's competition time relatives friends
nervous parents line the sign of the
arena star rider Ahmed is finding his
horse
Carver gold a bit hot to handle he
places third I did my best and I trained
very well and I hope next time to win a
better place it's the kind of attitude
required of young athletes around the
world but perhaps especially of those
growing up in Gaza
Harry Fawcett al Jazeera Gaza
