it's a historic New Mexican Congress for
the first time since democracy the left
has a clear majority four-year old party
marina and its allies swept the board
giving populist president-elect and res
Manuel Lopez Obrador a legislative power
not seen in 20 years it's used that to
promise a new austerity plan that would
have the salaries of lawmakers and
dramatically cut their perks bodyguards
teams of consultants and the
international travel they say it's
something that a public tide of rich
out-of-touch politicians needed to see
there can't be such a marked inequality
in society so much poverty in the
countryside and a group of privileged
politicians with everything there's
another big shift for the first time
there will be almost as many female
lawmakers as men in part the results of
a quota system whether there could be a
different vision with women involved in
the country's direction not just to
highlight the problems we have like
femicides domestic and social violence
but to do things differently with
sensitivity honesty dedication those
values are more prevalent in women but
there's a challenge ahead say female
lawmakers getting more access to big
policy decisions rather than just being
relegated to so-called women's issues we
can't yet see how this is all going to
play out but Congress is definitely
opening with the real change of tone in
particular the cuts to pay and perks
have grabbed the attention but unless
say but what's going to really make a
difference is better oversight to how
lawmakers are spending public money not
just blanket cuts up until now there's
been a real lack of checks and balances
one immediate change that should make
politicians more willing to play the
transparency game is reelection
introduced for the first time I expect
and I hope that this incentive structure
will really focus on politicians to go
more to their grassroots result in a
virtuous circle of going more to the
constituency and really try to to give
good results so as
demote there's three years for the new
lawmakers to prove or not that this time
around they're prepared to put the
country before themselves John Holman
al-jazeera Mexico City
