but the beauty is in the details and
these young women are determined to
learn a new skill sewing the old
traditional Yemeni way it's one of the
many skills this charity has been
teaching for the past 15 years in the
city of Sanaa the war may have forced
volunteer teachers from Europe and us to
leave but the charity's founder returned
from the UK to ensure its survival
despite its building being hit in
several air strikes my team and I have
been working under very harsh conditions
missiles zooming over our heads shelling
and killing all around us despite that
we opened the doors to our centre every
day and our main concern is to help
families with aid and medical supplies
women and children are the most
vulnerable in Yemen rights now but
learning new skills including computing
has given them a boost the charity has
seen many of its students go on to earn
a steady income we consider the center
our second home we have all started from
scratch amongst us are destitute females
orphans and the majority are widows the
most unfairly treated segment of society
simply without a source of income
self-sufficiency and empowerment are key
here with women becoming the
breadwinners microloans are also on
offer free of interest to get them
started outside the walls of the centre
we offer them an opportunity to work and
earn an income to avoid the
embarrassment of being handed donations
we help them work we then market and
sell their products creating these
products is just the beginning although
Yemen's International Airport's is shut
and bank transfers near impossible their
final products are finding their way
abroad to Kuwait and then on to Europe
away with a hang myself I recently
joined at the center Yemeni women are
very creative if given the opportunity
history has proven that we are strong
survivors and this isn't a new situation
for us we are braving through the wars
harsh economic and psychological crisis
and despite the severe poverty or daily
challenges these women face providing
them with a lifelong skill not only
helps put a meal on the table but can
benefit an entire family Farah here at
al Jazeera
