sometimes it feels like we are
constantly connected liking posting
uploading and updating social media is a
big part of our lives whether it's
checking for the latest news on Twitter
watching the British prime minister
dance or a dog driver speedboat and if
the people that say they would they're
not there just don't believe that
campaigners in Britain are urging people
to take a break from personal social
media for September or reduce usage to
give them time to reevaluate what makes
us feel good and what makes us feel bad
the balance of the impact for most young
people from research we've done does at
the moment seem to be a negative one
we're actually young people are
constantly comparing themselves to
unrealistic body ideals ambrus realistic
depictions of people's lives
globally Instagram has an estimated
billion followers Facebook more than 2
billion users and Twitter hundreds of
millions many of us around the world
have at least one social media account
here in Britain more than 40 million
people now subscribe and teenagers are
the biggest consumers of social media
some are on it for more than four hours
a day scientists have warned about the
dangers of becoming addicted to social
media and linked it to poor sleep
anxiety and depression
it is compulsive at the very least
giving it up then or at least turning
off the traffic even for a few days
isn't an easy prospect
every minutes checking out
they hear beepers sound and then you
just constantly pulling your phone off
seeing what it is a little much at times
to be honest it's nice to disconnect
some people might need to be reminded
that life is more than just you know
showing other people what your life is
closing down social media for 30 days
may give some people a much-needed break
campaigners say companies and
individuals who use it need to think
before they post about the impact the
next click might have Emma Haywood al
Jazeera in London
