a gesture that some say is overdue on
Friday the Venice Film Festival signed
an agreement promising greater
transparency over how it selects films
and gender equality across the
organization following similar moves by
rivals like Canon Locarno before the
festival started the European women's
audio-visual network published an open
letter to Venice denouncing the fact
only one film in the main competition
here is directed by a woman and
demanding changes to what they called a
rigged system that favors mainly white
males now it seems changes on its way
but for the festival director actual
quotas are a step too far
Cuates it's something which is extremely
fair and right in politics for example
we cannot use the quarters in in art the
only criteria to go for art is the
quality of the work itself saga marks is
presenting her first feature film at
Venice previously she directed a
documentary on the French prison system
long casts is showing outside the main
competition it's about a young man
looking for support when he comes out of
jail his mother played by something
Bonaire has severe depression and he
finds himself dragged into criminality
the director says her gender hasn't been
a problem when it comes to getting her
work see previously it was tough but now
there are more and more women directors
in France there are plenty and lots of
women have paved the way like Kathryn
Bigelow at the start it was hard for her
because really there were no women
directors in Hollywood and some industry
watchers say the debate about how many
women directed film screen at festivals
masks a deeper problem but we need to be
talking about is getting young
schoolgirls when they're in school to
think I can be a director and when that
happens they're going to get far more
women directors and we're going to get
better films coming from some of those
women directors
less than a quarter of all film
submitted to Venice this year were by
women there's clearly an imbalance when
it comes to who makes the films
audiences get to see here and in cinemas
but changing that could mean reforming
the industry and that discussion is just
starting
Addie barber al Jazeera Venice
