in parts of rural Thailand red marks the
spot it's an indicator that farmers used
to show that sprayed paraquat a toxic
weed killer banned in many countries and
the European Union it's use is blamed on
a number of illnesses including a
flesh-eating bacterial disease which is
emerged in northern Thailand some
farmers have died others have lost limbs
in the province of nong bua lambu where
researchers say contamination from
agrochemicals is severe Yahud mark i
really want to see people stop using the
chemicals last time I went to the
provincial hospital the staff told me
there are a lot of patients with similar
symptoms as I had Thailand's become one
of the world's biggest users of paraquat
partly because of its effectiveness on
sugar cane plantations as the price of
rice fell the government encouraged
farmers to grow other crops like sugar
which in turn increased demand for
paraquat the Health Ministry recommended
that it be banned along with two other
chemicals but that was ignored and their
continued use approved by a
government-appointed committee there are
now allegations that some members of
that committee had conflicts of interest
with companies involved in importing the
chemicals I don't know what that like -
if we look at the members of the
committee their causation is not
groundless but so far we have no
empirical evidence to accuse any of them
Thailand wants to become known as the so
called kitchen of the world but the
largely unregulated use of toxic sprays
is leading to concerns about food safety
most of the world's paraquat is made in
China which has also decided to ban its
use in Thailand it's imported mainly by
foreign companies the biggest Thai
company dealing in it is CP group which
owns among other things
convenience stores it's also one of the
world's largest food producers
al-jazeera contacted CP group and other
companies involved but none would give
an interview and none have ever been to
see qu charts see to put to ask him what
happened he says he can never farm again
but hopes one day the fields here will
be chemical free Wayne hey al-jazeera
nong bua lambu
and
