it's hard to put a value on nature but
Jane and Ian are trying to establish the
environmental value of trees in terms of
reducing pollution and the carbon they
store in Greater Manchester they're
working on a project to plant more trees
and eventually establish where a new
forest stretching from one side of the
country to the other will go the
northern forest is an ambitious plan to
turn part of England's industrial north
green during the next 25 years
conservation charity the Woodland Trust
wants to plant 50 million trees the old
battery survey we're hoping that that
will come up with some suggestions of
where large-scale planting schemes could
be will help us to identify gaps in tree
cover and help us to find new areas to
plant power some of these trees that
will contribute as well as the 50
million about 13% of the UK is covered
in woodland but in the area earmarked
for this new forest it's less the
landscape here really began to change
during the Industrial Revolution at the
start of the 19th century since then the
population has gone up and so too has
the need for housing and Industry the
tree population though in parts of
northern England has dwindled to under
8% conservationists say more trees need
to be planted across Britain to counter
the future effects of climate change and
the impact of big construction projects
such as a new high-speed rail line and
plans to build hundreds of thousands of
homes not far from London is heartwood
nestled next to ancient woodland is the
culmination of a decade-long project to
transform arable land into a new native
forest environmentalists say hundreds of
ancient woodlands in Britain are under
threat the aspiration is to plant five
thousand hectares of new native woodland
per year in the last planting season
only a thousand hectares were planted in
a season before that only 700 hectares
were planted which was the lowest in a
generation each year you miss it that
target just gets further away the UK
government says it's
committed to planting 11 million trees
by the middle of 2022 in Greater
Manchester conservationists are thinking
long term to secure a greener vision for
the future Emma Haywood al-jazeera in
northern England
