abdel hakim is still planning a future
but now it will be different from how he
hoped to imagined his life changed
forever in an instant he was working at
the popular fish market in Medina on the
Red Sea when it was hit in early August
after the first bombs landed he thought
he was safe
he wasn't nothing happened to us in the
first raid we saw the dead people we
went to rescue and help them when the
second raid happened I was busy rescuing
and saving the wounded people suddenly I
lost my arm it has been cut off the raid
took place in front of the boom I went
up then I fell down I started screaming
and howling he was one of more than 30
injured that day those were the lucky
ones 28 people died suddenly I heard a
big explosion I went out and nothing
happened some of my friends have been
injured I went to save my friends then
the second raid took place and I was hit
still a shrapnel was inside my body al
mohammed fish market fuel is hard to
come by so traditional methods are used
to keep the boats at sea but because the
area has been hit several times by the
saudi-led coalition and with the risk of
Houthi lead mines and the water pure
fishermen are willing to take the risk
of working we have only the warplanes
that target us we died of hunger and our
children died because we don't work due
to these air raids crime
we have children and wives and we need
to feed them we don't support any one
against the other why are we being
targeted like this abdul hakeem can go
home no there's nothing more the
hospital can do he was the main source
of income for his family his mother
father brother and three sisters live
very simply but they could eat because
he had a job my son is a breadwinner may
allah bless him he is the father and the
mother may Allah give him health and
wellness and heal him
haladki I will never give up and I will
return to work in the fish market I have
no other job and I'm not going to give
it up but it's by no means certain that
abdul-hakeem
will be able to return to where will
ever be able to earn enough money to
feed his family again and so by default
the two become victims of the airstrike
Allen Fisher al Jazeera Djibouti
