the Netherlands self-styled European
capital of Tolerance but populism and
its fault line with Islam are
resurfacing again here at builders
leader of the far right-wing freedom
party seen here before last year's
elections has announced a competition to
help him plaster the walls of his office
with cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed
the news of the stunt reached Pakistan
with predictable results one political
party called for diplomatic retaliation
the Dutch ambassador should be
immediately deported and Pakistan should
call back its ambassador this is our
simple demand and the government should
meet it but it seems others have
different retaliation in lives
within a day a man was arrested at the
main railway station in the hague after
he allegedly posted on Facebook that he
was going to Parliament to target
builders and a former Pakistani
cricketer then posted a video on Twitter
offering 20,000 euros for builders
murder Vilnius himself tweeted crazy
that this happens after announcing a
cartoon contest of course builders knows
that what he's doing isn't really a
cartoon competition that's all but a
deliberate attempt to try to provoke
Muslims and in that he's clearly
succeeded as well as apparently making
himself a targets but he has received
some support from the Dutch prime
minister who says that he backs builders
rights to freedom of expression even if
it's offensive since getting 20% in last
year's elections support in the
Netherlands for builders party has
slumped what elsewhere in Europe the
far-right torch has been picked up by
Matteo salvini of the Italian league who
shares a mutual admiration of Hungary's
Viktor Orban builders himself who want
nothing more than to be back in the
headlines alongside them even or perhaps
especially if his tactics lead to a
threat his own safety
Florence Lee al Jazeera The Hague
