this is the swatch hound damn in Berga
region central Myanmar the spillway of
the dam collapsed early on Wednesday
morning after days of heavy rain
sending torrents of water into nearby
towns and villages in some places the
surge of water reached nearly two and a
half meters the military the police and
the Myanmar Red Cross are taking part in
rescue and relief efforts the water came
so fast into our village and we didn't
have time to run
we have never been flooded before
nothing like this has ever happened the
rains don't cause flooding here 85
villages have been flooded and more than
63,000 people affected for some they've
lost more than just their homes and soon
after we got there waters were already
rising behind us we lost our carts pigs
and engines everything including our
rice bags by Wednesday afternoon
flooding at the dam site had begun to
subside although transport remains
disrupted and a badly damaged bridge
will need to be replaced we are going to
build another bridge right away in place
of the damaged bridge only days earlier
people living around the area had raised
concerns about the dam but authorities
reassured them it was safe
this accident now puts the spotlight
firmly on the issue last month a dam
collapse in neighboring Laos killed at
least 27 people and displaced thousands
of others Florence lui al Jazeera
