desperate for a safer or more prosperous
life millions of people have sought
refuge in Europe sometimes their dreams
have come true sometimes disenchantment
and hostility have driven them home in
the second of two films on these
conflicting experiences people and power
has been to the Gambia where
disillusioned former migrants are trying
to persuade others from following the
same path
their dream was of a better life in
Europe their return to Gambia has put an
end to all such aspirations a group of a
hundred and forty would-be migrants all
of his journeys have gone badly wrong
international NGO I can call it a
military place or a jungle place wasn't
a very hot place very very hard for
Survivor life and everything because
anyway you I your life is in danger as
ladies we are sexually abused and all
those things there are a lot that cannot
be said out
imprisonment exploitation violence
drowning at sea just a few of the
hazards migrants face when trying to get
to Europe and even for those who make it
the reality of life as an unwelcome
arrival can be far from ideal in 2017
over 2700 Gambians
gave up on their dreams either because
they couldn't get beyond Libya or
because public hostility and
increasingly tough immigration laws
deterred them from trying to stay in the
EU they had no option but to come back
and try to rebuild their lives
but with democracy beginning to function
here again after years of autocracy and
the economy also now showing signs of
life some Gambian returnees are
rediscovering their faith in their
homeland
the outskirts of Bonjour capital of the
Gambia Mustafa and Kurama first met Ana
Libyan prison together they endured
violence and privation and became close
friends they also made each other a
promise to one day warn others who might
be tempted to follow the same path I can
with this idea one night it's like a
dream to me that we form in an
association I can this journey because
this one is very very horrible and the
promise that we take each one to live
that problems that we are fulfilling no
we are not discouraging them from
migrating but we are discouraging them
from going to this but we're travelling
irregular going to someone's continued
without any document you know because I
experienced that as a foreigner living
in a foreign country without documents
you are nobody day even if you are dead
nobody will identify you would be thrown
away other fumo failed migrants have
signed up for the Association all of
them volunteers preparing to join
Mustafa and Kurama on a remarkable
mission criss crossing the country their
aim is to discourage anyone who might be
considering the perilous journey that's
known to all here as the back way how
people will receive the message it
depends because like there are families
who are enjoying the advantage of this
direction of migration and you have
other families who are suffering from it
there must be some people who feel bad
about these people maybe they go
unnoticed well the same disc yeah some
will say that because some have been
same doctor us yeah but they'll not
discourage us and if we are able to
change one person you are we've achieved
something yeah
Mostafa grew up here in serra kunda the
eldest of six children his family
amassed large debts to help fund his
attempted migration in the hope that
Mustafa an IT technician could find a
good job in Germany today they're still
paying a high price for the sacrifices
they made
despite his failure and the families
many problems
his mother refuses to turn her back on
him
I'm Mauro mommy I'm looking at them now
I'm but it's something I like the Nadi's
novel something ideology Lula at the
beginning she was telling me like you
have to go and look for job because this
is not doing anything for you and the
family you know as the eldest son of the
family you have to try I know that you
try but you have to look for job yeah in
order to help us yeah so what I should
don't worry with this association our
lives can be changed yeah because we are
also trying to create job opportunities
for the youth and I'm sure I'll make her
proud I will make her the best mom
yeah today Mustafa and kurama's dream is
finally coming true on a ferry heading
across the mouth of the river Gambia to
the country's northern shore with them
are 15 volunteers from the Association
all former migrants like themselves
after months of planning and trying to
get financial backing for the trip the
mood is upbeat
I'm happy yeah
I don't know how to say it but you know
what after seven months have it from the
Germans yeah I believe this irregular
glazier is their concern and is
something that is affecting the company
for five days their convoy will tour
rural areas where years of relentless
poverty and unemployment have forced
people to take desperate measures the
Gambia is the smallest nation in West
Africa but it's been one of the largest
contributors to the migrant flow across
the Mediterranean
their first stop is st. Michael's School
in Yangon a one of the biggest in the
northern territories to raise awareness
amongst the students
Mustapha and his team have written a
play based on their own experiences here
migration is a tradition going back
decades a much traveled route out of
hardship because it is a horrible
journey and a deadly journey my brother
and hundreds of thousands that you gonna
spend on this journey if you put it into
business within one year you become a
billionaire
yeah but my agent told me that he will
help me within two weeks then I shoot
myself in all this are liars because
most of those agents will never try the
back way they'll keep sending you do you
know how many brothers and sisters have
they killed and some of these edges are
Gambians our gum has brought us whom you
think that don't have you out there
whereas they will sell you to the bad
people after the god of two
of you Angela drama that we played here
so all I want for you is to be
concentrate on your education
opportunities are here so unless stress
and with those opportunities and try to
benefit from it later that afternoon the
schools economics and social sciences
teacher reinforces the message
international migration has become a
very serious problem wherein we see many
people living Africa and sub-saharan
Africa in particular now one important
question for all of you is there anybody
who was someone was ever involved in
this illegal migration they have
accident the boat entered inside did it
in three boxes why do you have to go and
involve yourself in an illegal migration
an irresponsible migration your dose
that we believe can build up this nation
we all have a new champion also we say
we are revealing then you come here and
you can be a means we must be
responsible enough to stand firm upon
outwards to bend down on the ground and
walk toward the development of our
country nevertheless higher education is
very expensive in the Gambia and even
for those who get it
well-paid professional jobs are
extremely scarce aspiration and rhetoric
have yet to be matched by opportunity
once you sensitize them they need to see
something tangible in the country they
need to see the government being
responsible enough towards and creating
employment for youths they need to see
the government responsible enough
towards building more tertiary schools
wherein they will be able to study law
study medicine study other fields of
education in their country there are
some people no matter how you sensitize
them once
in place they will leave the same
challenges are found throughout the
country the convoys next stop is s Oh a
small town with a population of around
7,000 here Mustafa and his team planned
to use a different kind of presentation
based around a large open-air projection
screen as elsewhere in The Gambia people
here get much of their news and
information from social media but it's
also the medium which spreads most of
the myths about how easy it is to get to
a better life in Europe the truth is
that for the vast majority of migrants
those myths will turn sour in ajiz like
these will be very familiar to viewers
of Western media but for many here it's
the first time they'd been seen karamo
is counting on them having a profound
and lasting effect
he's the bit people somewhat you know it
took his gun the first one you know he
keep your head until your head all blood
but if we show in its images to them
they will be knowing that what we feel
there and what we are telling them also
is something good because this is a real
pictures weird image if it wanted to go
you see this echo another ex migrant has
also experienced trauma and abuse
kidnapped while in Libya she was forced
into slavery for several months
miraculously she managed to escape but
her return to the Gambia echo once
dreamt of opening a beauty salon in
Italy now she's having to rebuild her
life with other young girls from the
Association together they have found the
courage to speak out anything but I mean
Conover phenomenal open I can understand
well I asked her joy but now Vanessa
Nawal NASA they taught affair Angelica's
are a B DeMille according because there
are mobile as you know
the following day mustafar news convoy
had towards javac under a small farming
community on which migration has taken a
terrible toll the back way has cost the
lives of 500 of its people in the
network region and the lake has
developed to give any chances so they
also have a success stories will sense
but you know like one life one life is
more than all those assets and all those
words yeah one life
a meeting has been organized with
allergy Jane the district chief and some
20 local Chiefs the hope is that they'll
use their influence so that the families
stop condoning their children's
departure the staff and Kurama take to
the stage to push the message further
in many Java kunda families the eldest
sons are long gone Sanna a farmer has
stayed he's the last of seven brothers
to tend his family's land through the
sweat of his brow he somehow manages to
look off to acres of groundnut and Cyril
crops but it's a desperately hard life
Monroe who wound up so then I said Jorun
bear or am I so emotional
hemella balunia Dulhaniya encore bending
among clear yeah without machinery and
with only a short rainy season Sana's
harvest rarely yields enough to support
his family
sana is from a generation of Gambians
who lived through the oppressive rule of
former President Yahya Jammeh deposed in
2017 after 22 years of brutal
dictatorship and economic mismanagement
JAMA failed to develop the country's
rich agricultural potential fertile land
that with investment could have provided
jobs and plentiful food was abandoned to
mere subsistence farming in Java Kunda
inhabitants came to depend completely on
money from the Diaspora which paid for a
new mosque brick housing for some and
for a fortunate few tractors and farm
machinery
Sanna and his family are among those who
rely on this revenue receiving around a
hundred euros a month from his brothers
working in Europe chef Monterey Lockwood
engine so an entire diamond on course
ballooning
family lives burning my younger son
Sana's father joy Tay was unable to stop
his other sons from leaving one of them
was killed crossing the Mediterranean
now he would love to see an end to the
Gambia is facing a dilemma
1/4 of its wealth comes from the
earnings of its people working abroad
developing the country's resources is
more urgent now than ever before
back across the river to the country's
southern shore Mustafa and Kurama
have a new scheme in mind
ably is a perfect example of migrant
reintegration after failing to get into
Europe
he returned five years ago and decided
to start his own chicken farm despite a
tricky start he now turns a profit and
pays his employees a steady wage these
are small chicks
we normally import them from Senegal and
then for these ones these are rare for
meat knots for late we put fire here to
warm the house this is just about three
four days 200 grams it is very
profitable yeah when you wear it for six
weeks if your market is fast you can see
that you can sell and then have at least
80% profit quarter it is a good business
is something that we have even half that
we want to use us a poultry farm with no
way of getting a loan and no experience
Mustafa's young volunteers have a slim
chance of success ably steps in and
offers them training
no back of a battle battle wait you
don't need to remove them from the
playin box the reason why unemployment
rate is very high in this country is
because the authorities fail to promote
the local industry for example poultry
if we produce locally then imagine how
many people how many use would have
engaged into this business that will
give them employment ably hopes that the
new government will learn from the
failures of the past and put aid money
from the EU to good use
the country has been allocated around
fifteen million euros specifically to
create jobs and train young people have
lot of youths with nothing to hold on to
it can lead to robbery increase in crime
rates trying to steal in yeah all this
can happen frustration can lead to the
stability of this country ably story is
inspirational but for most of his group
to persuade other would-be migrants from
leaving something more concrete than
optimism about the Gambia's future might
be needed
we're at the Baraat row terminal one of
the country's busiest the young people
here have lost faith in the promise of
change like so many before them their
gaze is fixed on Europe
19 year-old Ibrahim says there's nothing
to stay for one balance our banner
why not I'm a Japanese macula failure
but I'm going to school together so much
in Japanese also make it what make it no
one can make it here I'm waiting for
next week another way do you know this
is there yes I can take my way I'll go
one proposed new route is anything but
safe incredibly some here are hoping to
use a canoe to cross the Atlantic to the
United States
in the face of such determination
Gambia's returned migrants clearly had
much persuading still to do
