the International Monetary Fund has
agreed to speed up bailout payments to
Argentina
president Mauricio Macri made the
request as the Argentine peso dropped to
record lows it's a good thing that IMF
actually is here to step in but you have
to keep in mind also that the perception
of the IMF inside Argentina is very
negative
following what happened in 2001 2001 is
when Argentina defaulted on its 93
billion dollar loans tens of thousands
of businesses closed unemployment
skyrocketed and a huge number of people
were left in poverty the new generation
that did not live through the 2001
crisis like me as I was to look at we
see what's happening now and there is
less and less trust and government lack
of trust has stemmed from the
government's inability to cut deficit
spending it's also failed to address
pension reforms or create revenues from
taxes all that and the spiraling peso
worried global investors and
Argentinians who want to take their
money out of the country
anemic a bonafide across the country is
a problem which is that due to all the
government's lack of credibility we
think a lot in dollars and it is logical
to think in dollars with inflation it's
30 35 percent per year workers who've
had enough are planning strikes and
protests and as Argentina prepares for
elections next year president Macri must
stabilize the economy or lose control of
it
Paul Chatterjee on al Jazeera
