Chinese government's intention is very
clear they want to get rid of the wheel
Islam they wanted to get rid of we were
ethnic heritage it's very simple and
very clear in western China a large
minority are silenced as they are
brutally subjugated by the state and
most of the world leaders they're not
even batting an eye
extreme surveillance accounts of torture
and the detention of up to a million we
go it's all part of what seems to be
China's attempt at eradicating the
Uighur identity from its borders
descendants of Turkic people's the
Uighur are part European and part
Central Asian they inhabit shinjang or
East Turkestan as it was historically
known the food is cosmopolitan and
delicious with influences from China
Greece Persia and Arabia they have a
vibrant folk dance called sanam and a
language that can be written in the
Arabic Latin and Cyrillic alphabets
it's a beautiful culture that China
exploits to boost tourism while also
suppressing the people who make it see
the Uighur follows Sunni Islam and want
independence from China China has been
trying to change this for decades back
in 1949 Mao Zedong's Communist Party
took control of China after a deadly
five-year Civil War and immediately
invaded a disputed Xinjiang to prevent
Russia from taking it over religion was
considered incompatible with communism
and so a crackdown quickly began on all
expressions of faith
Regas were punished for praying in
public and found their mosques
demolished or converted for other uses
with the help of government money
China's dominant Harnett Nissa tea began
to migrate to the region in the 1950s
they built settlements and set up the
most successful businesses in Xinjiang
the Han now make up 39% of the
population a number that steadily
increasing
so we've seen a thousand percent
increase in Han population since 1949 we
receive the Han folks as coming to take
their land and to kind of transform
their societies it's a really kind of a
classic settler colonialism situation
where they see these people as invaders
and as occupiers of their land poorer
haunt across China routinely move west
to work for the Bing toin a paramilitary
group that takes over land and resources
taken from rigo's by the government
established in 1954 by Mao the original
Bing Tuan was soldier farmers off duty
servicemen who were put in shinjang to
defend the province from Russia
Russia became less of a threat but the
organization grew it's now three million
strong and operates more than 2,000
companies in agriculture energy security
finance and media the bing Tuan
administrative divisions enforced the
central government's anterior policies
whilst the profit from their annexed
land and resources they exported 6.7
billion dollars worth of goods in 2017
including nearly 1/5 of the world's
ketchup and tons of cotton to luxury
clothing brands
what's more shinjang is extremely rich
in fossil fuels the region has an
estimated 150 billion barrels in oil
reserve 40% of China's coal and the
tearin Basin also provided 23 point five
billion cubic meters of natural gas in
2017 these raw materials are transported
at China's manufacturing hubs it's a
multi-billion dollar process where
everyone benefits except the Uighur who
are excluded from many employment
opportunities and in some areas make
only $12 a month because almost all
these jobs and these resources were
going to Han settlers we Gers felt
dispossessed they felt like our land is
being taken from us these natural
resources are being taken from our land
and we're not benefiting from it the
real consequence though is that the cost
of living began to really explode so
because there is all these new Han
settlers coming in and they were making
quite a bit of money
the prices of products began to rise and
so just basic staples became a lot more
expensive
we Gers because they were excluded from
the job sector weren't able to get the
revenue they needed the funding they
needed to buy those new products and so
their level of poverty actually
increased for the Uighur this inequality
and discrimination has led to sporadic
bouts of violence towards the Han in the
80s and 90s separatist groups
coordinated unsuccessful revolts against
China
more recently in 2009 all the 200 people
were killed in riots in the capital
Ranchi and in 2017 three knife wielding
attackers killed eight people in Goma
southern Xinjiang
the government now burn identifying QR
codes into all knives purchased by
wiegel's a handful of Uighur have also
been recruited by violent groups like
ISIL and al-qaida giving China a chance
to justify their actions against them as
fighting terrorism but the authorities
are treating any expression of regal
identity as part of what they call the
three evils separatism terrorism and
religious extremism Uighur women have
been banned from wearing the hijab and
young men are not allowed to grow long
beards fasting is prohibited as are
certain Muslim names for newborns and
parents are forbidden from providing
their own children with Islamic and
regal education youth under 18 are not
allowed in mosques during sermons and
the Quran itself must be approved by the
state meaning the text is altered to fit
the Communist Party's ideology the hajj
pilgrimage is also not permitted as
there's restricted freedom of movement
many passports were seized in 2016 when
chen changwu
was given authority over shinjang his
last job was leading the crackdown on
dissent in tibet shinjang today is
essentially a well-funded police state
in which the Chinese government uses
advanced technology propaganda and fear
of imprisonment to control the actions
and thoughts of the Uighur Friday
morning you get up try to go to mosque
the Chinese government stops you they
force you to go through
IRIScan full body search and then you go
into the mosque and you look up to Xi
Jinping's picture to pray you're not
supposed to have somebody's image in the
mosque but they worship the red flag and
Xi Jinping his picture in the mosques in
2017 China spend eight point five
billion dollars to monitor every aspect
of regal life Shin Jung is littered with
thousands of cameras many with facial
recognition technology and vehicles are
registered to track any suspicious
movements between areas Wi-Fi sniffers
and the mandatory mobile app regularly
scan regal devices for content deemed
politically incorrect
we Gor are forced to provide DNA samples
biometric data and personal information
on their religious lifestyle and
relationships the state then decides
whether they're safe and the information
is tied to an ID card that must be
presented our checkpoints fuel stations
and even supermarkets the regos who are
found to be not safe as sent to prison
or to re-education camps human rights
groups report that there are over a
million Riegel's in these internment
camps China calls them vocational
training centers people put here are
accused of extremist behaviors such as
marrying in a religious ceremony
refusing to watch state TV or even a
slight change in routine so just
purchasing more food than usual
they forced people to you know raise the
Chinese flag outside their home to pose
posters of CG ping and other leaders in
their home and also when they go into
people's homes they check to see if
there's any Islamic imagery on the walls
any quotations from the Quran or you
know pictures of a mosque or something
like that which is something that many
many readers had before if they see any
of those things and they say oh this is
an extremist person or some extremist
suspicious person sessions in the camps
include praising President Xi Jinping
studying communist propaganda and
criticizing their own Weger language
culture and religion there have also
been accounts of people being tortured
beaten and even killed in these camps
China denies any breach of human rights
foundation Jang shot with a und gingy
financially on top come into a museum
showing your truth window in Joseon to
you but according to WikiLeaks China
successfully lobbied Saudi Arabia Egypt
and others to prevent them from
releasing statements on the treatment of
regal after the OMG riots of 2009 that
may explain the lack of global
condemnation but there could be another
reason why countries are failing to
speak up China is in the preliminary
stages of the multi trillion dollar belt
and Road initiative it's an ambitious
infrastructure project that spans over
60 countries and aims to make it easy
for the world to trade with China
mostly through shinjang the homeland of
the we go china could be indirectly
buying the silence of many of these
nations the countries involved will
receive loans in the millions of dollars
to develop structures roads railways and
pipelines and this may be enough to make
them turn a blind eye to the plight of
the Uighur no one is speaking out
particularly in Islamic world where is
Saudi Arabia where is Turkey where is
Iran where is King Abdullah of Jordan
where is the outcry the Chinese
government is calling you religion as a
mental disease where is the outcry
