war crimes in Yemen airstrikes by the
Saudi in Marathi coalition caused most
deaths but a UN report also blames 50
rebels do reports achieve anything and
will anyone ever be held to account this
is inside story
hello and welcome to the program I'm
Hashim Hal Bala none have clean hands
that's the conclusion of a UN Human
Rights experts who say all parties in
the three-year long conflict in Yemen
may have committed war crimes the report
says the governments of Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates and Yemen are
guilty of human rights violations and
airstrikes by sandy Emirati coalition
are responsible for causing most
civilian casualties but the Houthi
rebels are also blamed for recruiting
child soldiers and using sexual abuse as
a weapon more than 10,000 people have
been killed in the fighting but many
more have died from disease or
starvation the UN experts are urging the
international community to stop
supplying weapons to those involved in
the war since 2015 when healthy fighters
overrun Yemen's capital sana and force
President Obama so handy to flee abroad
Saudi Arabia and the UAE have led a
military campaign to restore his United
Nations backed government to power
individuals in the government of Yemen
and the coalition including Saudi Arabia
and the United Arab Emirates may have
conducted attacks in violation of the
principles of distinction
proportionality and all precautions
which may amount to war crimes the UAE s
Minister of State for Foreign Affairs
responded to the panel's findings with
this tweet we should review and respond
to the expressed report the coalition is
fulfilling his role in reclaiming the
Yemeni state and securing the future of
the region from Iranian interference now
let's bring in our panelists joining us
in Sanaa personal piety a Yemeni
journalist in London Elizabeth Kendall
senior research fellow at Pembroke
College at the University of Oxford from
Bordeaux in France via Skype Martha
Mundy is a retired professor of
anthropology
than School of Economics a warm welcome
to you or Elizabeth I would like to know
whether this report is a turning point
in the three-year long conflict in Yemen
I certainly think that this latest
United Nations report takes the rhetoric
up a notch in terms of calling outs the
coalition our allies in the ways in
which they've been practicing and
conducting the war in Yemen there has
been a previous UN report in January
which was also quite outspoken and
criticizing the saudi-led coalition it
mentioned violations and abuses but this
report actually says that they may have
committed war crimes and that is
something that is going to be huge news
to the public's which elect the
governments which are supporting and
supplying weapons to the saudi-led
coalition it raises huge questions
so yes it's a turning point Martha the
report says that the parties into the
conflict may have committed some of the
acts committed by those parties may
amount to war crimes now the question is
what would be next are we going to see
more independent inquiry or what more
institutions now step in to establish
this as a fact well that is a difficult
question because you're asking me to
read the future the report itself asks
that the mechanisms of reporting to the
UN Human Rights Council be made
permanent they're in their
recommendations there is also that they
asked the allies of the coalition to
cease arms sales and to support the
peace efforts of the new UN a relatively
new UN appointed Special Envoy for Yemen
Griffiths so I think that those are the
the kind of mechanisms that are they are
calling for immediately visibly the
outside I agree with dr. Kendall that
this is the turning point but I would
emphasize that this is a turning point
because this is a report written by
international lawyers with a large
reason a sizable team that was able to
do research for this report so it's far
more documented than anything previously
furthermore it puts the responsibility
on the internationally recognized
government of Yemen that is to say the
Hadi government to be providing for the
people in Yemen and not participating in
it does not use the word starvation that
I've seen but it in depriving the
population of health and a reasonable
standard of living and I think that that
wider emphasis is something really new
and should be brought home to the
public's in the West whose governments
are supplying bulk obviously the
Russians and the Chinese and the
Brazilians also sell arms Hussein bhai T
you're in fund I which is under the
control of the hearth days what's that
general perception after the the report
was announced in sana like I spoken to
some of the Houthis leader what they
said about the report that most of the
violation and crimes that that's
committed by the saudi-led coalition in
this report most of it the Saudi
actually did those strike and they have
not deny it before but what they say on
the other hand you see that the
violation which the report documented
about the holy most of them is like
collected by eyewitnesses is not this
certain information and the expert as
well has not visited terrace they did
visit the sauna and visit some of the
area that would hit by the saudi-led
coalition nevertheless what I think that
this report will be a turning point only
if it will be followed by by like a
total investigation into all crimes done
by all party and it and those people
responsible when all the crimes have
been done to Yemeni civilians from all
parties must be brought into justice
otherwise this report will just be put
on the shelf of the UN and the same like
that a list that blacklisted the Saudi
for killing children and so it must be a
mechanism to bring those people
responsible and do you think that the
Houthis will allow the UN investigators
access free access to places like China
is sad her data to look into the
atrocities that were committed by the
rebels they answer the Houthi movement
and the Yemeni government in sana has
welcomed many time from the beginning of
the war for any investigation team to
visit it sana and any area they wish and
we remember that the one that has
refused to allow independent
investigation is the saudi-led coalition
we remember in Geneva and 2016 I believe
there was a draft by the Dutch
government to form independent
investigation team to be sent into Yemen
and it was blocked by the United Kingdom
and United States after pressure from
the saudi-led coalition Elizabeth the
report says that the US rice by Saudi
Arabia to blame for most of the civilian
casualties in Yemen could this lead to a
new momentum in among the international
community to say finally enough is
enough - this military campaign yes I
think the report has credibility it is
being picked up by the international
media and therefore it does raise
questions in the West especially
in the US and the UK about whether we
should be supplying arms to the
saudi-led coalition and whether we
should be supporting them logistically
so I think the fact that the airstrikes
are called out as causing most civilian
deaths while most casualties and deaths
of civilians is is absolutely crucial
information for the public to start to
campaign against the supply of weapons
to the coalition now if you look at the
end of the report there are 11
airstrikes that are investigated in some
detail now just I basically taught it up
the figures those 11 airstrikes
themselves and they're only a small
sample resulted in 234 civilian deaths
including 61 children this has got to
hit home those in the West who have
elected their governments it's
inconceivable that we should be
supplying a coalition which has such
such now proven disregard for civilian
life in Yemen martyr the the report
itself is has been usually it's been
damning in different ways talking about
the arbitrary detentions mistreatment
rape recruiting child soldiers is this
something that could push the
international community now to rally
support for an immediate end to the war
in Yemen again I guess I seem to get the
product the future questions as to what
the international community will react
to certainly the report is very strong
on arbitrary detention and torture and
rape and all the ancillary crimes under
in detention facilities and it covers
the three parties in this war it is
actually strongest on the Emirati forces
in the south where the numbers that it
describes
for transcend and at least any data they
have and it seems if one looks at the AP
reports too that are coming out perhaps
or the most grievous in terms of scale
so that is a very close collaborator of
the Western governments and they are the
details are that I think the most
shocking in the report in that session
of the report so hopefully this will
prompt public outrage I mean it as Abu
Ghraib did for example because once
reading of exactly the same kind since
accept or do you believe even greater
scale in some of these accounts that
that provoked quite a reaction you will
remember when it was the u.s. itself in
and and also reactions visibly what went
on in British centers in detention in
Iraq so I I would certainly be hopeful
that if this those sections of the
report are made known that it would it
would prompt some very serious reaction
question yeah mm-hmm Hussein you've been
saying basically earlier that the
Houthis are distancing themselves from
any wrongdoing in places like ties but
we've seen footage day after day
throughout the last three years where
the hearth is backed by elite military
units loyal to the former President Ali
Abdullah Saleh pounding civilian areas
using disproportionate force that led to
the death of thousands of people in
tears itself which has been the focal
point of the fighting for quite some
time now in Yemen and you're saying the
Houthis are innocent of what's happening
there no I mean we we are we are talking
about what what what was in this report
all the information that has been
collected about the the so called the
violation from the Houthi movement as
either as you mentioned there from
footage or not specific
nation like examining the exact like
violation what kind of like weapons has
been used is totally different
what they were the United the nation
expert has found about the saudi-led
coalition direct airstrike in areas
where there is no clashes at all and we
see two two tires there are two side
fighting in that area and it will be
really really difficult to be specific
who has fired for example those shells
I'm not saying that the ho t is innocent
but but but for the UN report and to it
like to bring anyone to justice they
have to send an investor an
investigation team and all parties in
Yemen has to allow all this investigator
to investigators to go to any area in
Yemen and then we're gonna see anyone
who will try to block them it means that
this party is trying to hide something
it does symbolize that the US has faced
widespread criticism for its support of
the Saudi Emirati coalition but defense
secretary James Mathias has defended
America's role we are constantly
reviewing what support we are giving yes
we also had an army lieutenant general
in Riyadh almost immediately following
the early August tragedy to convey our
concerns and ask for a swift and
complete investigation and we will
continue to do everything we can to
limit this kind of tragedy but the most
effective way is to get this to a
un-brokered negotiations Mathis says the
US support has conditions it is not
unconditional
what is it conditional that they do
their everything humanly possible to
avoid any innocent loss of life and they
support the un-brokered peace process
Elizabeth I don't know about your take
about the statement from secretary of
defense matters but one hand he's been
saying that the American support is not
without conditions but at the same time
he's been saying that the Saudis have
been sort of receptive to the American
concerns
how would you qualify this I think
mattis has to be very careful in his
wording at the moment the u.s. like the
UK wants to show that it continues to
support Saudi Arabia in what after all
let's be clear it was an invitation from
the so-called legitimate government of
Yemen to intervene and and so it wants
to continue to voice its support and yet
with the horrific events that have
occurred including the 40-plus children
killed in the school bus bombing earlier
this month he cannot voice unconditional
support and indeed he hasn't and so what
he's trying to do is to take into
consideration what voters are clearly
going to be appalled by and yet try to
marry that to an ongoing US policy of
supporting Saudi Arabia in its coalition
in Yemen but I think what has really
sharpened the focus now is that school
bus bombing and the fact that the latest
UN report really mentions children on on
every couple of pages it's it's so clear
that the biggest victims of this war are
innocents and that the war is not
achieving the aims that it had set out
to achieve you know in the beginning
Saudi Arabia had said that its aims were
to restore her his government to prevent
Yemen from fragmenting to protect its
southern border and to contain the
influence of Iran none of those things
have happened in fact quite the reverse
has happened and so the US and the UK
and others do need to reconsider their
policy of supporting the coalition in
its ongoing war Martha we've seen entire
neighborhood wiped off we've seen
thousands of people evicted from their
homes civilians killed and many people
are asking the question
there's been this lack of action from
the international community is it
because of Yemen is one of the most one
of the poison nations on earth or is it
because the Saudis the Emiratis have
been using their financial clout to
silence any sort of discontent at the
international arena well clearly they
have been using their financial clout to
but I do believe that the US and the UK
and some extent France are truly Allah
is in this and that there are juice
strategic dreams at stake that relate to
controlling the Straits of bab-el-mandeb
to preventing which would be very
difficult at this point but preventing a
strong United Yemen since that is the
wish of Saudi Arabia who is the main
ally but I do think that where this
report correctly doesn't not really for
its own purposes does not go is into
what are the motivations beyond the
money the flow of money in the sale of
arms which are nearly enormous in giving
that level of commitment by the US in
the UK under of turning a blind eye by
France sent to some extent Germany and
the European lest the European Union but
it doesn't have a unified voice to what
it have been clear since really very
early on one of the very first places
that was struck was a refugee camp up in
Harrods I mean it you know if you've
been following the bombings which of
course the general public doesn't for a
long time this is not in any sense new
and their Peaks this can be charted when
there are the peaks on civilians and
targets and why finally there the
international powers through the UNSC
with UN Security Council resolution to
tu-16 essentially demanded of answer
Allah the Houthis and
at that time that is all a wing that was
in league with them to surrender their
arms and to withdraw from sauna before
any political talks could take place in
short they were asking for a condition
of surrender before political
negotiations so that effectively blocked
her saying return to what I think it's
so important about this report it is
that they do hold responsible Hadi's
government and thereby those who are
backing him for the welfare of the
Yemeni population as a condition of
being recognized as the legitimate
government of Yemen and that has not
been done elsewhere
I say let's move forward the Houthi
still have the upper hand in the
northern part of the country they say
they're determined to continue the fight
does the Houthi movement see any way out
of this crisis in Yemen anytime soon I
do
if the saudi-led coalition will continue
that blockade in Yemen will continue
their campaign in Yemen I don't think
that the healthy will cease fighting
because we have seen in most of un
initiative either brought by will the
Sheikh out then you invite Yemen they
always ask in one side to to hand over
its weapon which is the holy and in this
report you in the report it says that
all side has violated the human right or
as they say I committed war crime so
this mean that all side must hunt their
weapons and there must be a blockade not
only on the weapons coming into the holy
it must be a blockade from the United
Nations Security Council to ban weapons
flow into Yemen to any side including
the saudi-backed forces and militia
mm-hmm Elizabeth what started in 2015 as
a ministry campaign by the Saudis and
their allies to stem the rise of the
Houthis ended up in one of the messiest
situations in the Middle East a
fragmented country different warlords
different factions for different agendas
threatening the very future the
very unity of a Yemen if the situation
possessed in Yemen how would you see the
future of the country
well I'd see the future of the country
to be pretty much as bleak as you've
just painted it I think that Yemen will
fragment I think it already is
fragmenting I think it is a failed state
the government does not have great
control over large areas of the country
especially given that most of the
government ministers are sitting in
Riyadh and not even inside Yemen
we already have three would-be
governments we have the southern
separatists in the south we have the
Houthis in Sana'a and we have the
so-called legitimate government in
Riyadh I think we'll see many more
breakaway factions actually I don't
believe that the current war despite
being waged allegedly for the right
reasons to try to prevent Yemen from
fragmenting is achieving its aims and
therefore I think it would be far better
to take a much more long-term grassroots
approach trying to bring in people from
regions all around Yemen into
representative structures that build
government institutions really from the
bottom up and meanwhile however I think
it may be true to say that coalition
aims and ambitions are not solely
focused on the current war and that they
have perhaps other agendas in Yemen
which may help them to make back some of
the vast fortune they've spent in
pursuing the war it would be interesting
to see whether this report would trigger
more debate to put an end to the
conflict in Yemen unfortunately running
out of time Elizabeth candor Martha
Monday and Hussein Alba Haiti thank you
very much indeed for your contribution
to the program and thank you too for
watching you can see the program again
anytime by visiting our website
aljazeera.com for further discussion go
to our Facebook page
that's facebook.com forward slash AJ
inside story you can also join the
conversation on twitter our handle is at
AJ insight sorry for me Hashim I have
around the whole team here bye for now
you
you
