sabha in East Malaysia is renowned for
the beauty of its natural landscape one
of its draws is the tropical rainforest
dense undergrowth tall majestic trees
rich in plant and animal diversity it's
also a way of life for some like jihad
in binge Ahamed for generations the
people from his community in sidled
village have relied on the jungle for
much of their needs many things that we
use come from the forest we use return
to make and build things some plants are
used in traditional medicine the insects
too are useful we take honey from the
bees it has medicinal qualities even the
water they drink used to come from the
forest but not since the area around it
was cleared for development to harden
and some villagers fought against the
encroachment but to no avail
logging in this forest and the
landslides that occurred as a result of
that have affected this stream it's a
trickle compared to what it used to be
and the water is no longer clear but
muddy
since 2013
much of the forest has been wiped out
the trees replaced by a single crop oil
palm Sabah is the top palm oil producer
in Malaysia which in turn is the second
largest exporter in the world after
Indonesia demand for the commodity is
set to growth driven in part by the push
for biofuel particularly in China and
Indonesia that could spell a disaster
for forests as land is cleared to make
way for plantations but the roundtable
on sustainable palm oil or RSPO
says alternatives to the commodity may
be even worse parboil has a year that is
4 to 10 times higher than other oils so
it requires for 10 times less land to
make the same amount of oil out of the
land it is utilized so the solution is
not to say let's stop palm oil let's go
to something else but is to make sure
that whatever we produce is produced
sustainably and that's what the RSPO
comes into play the RSPO is a voluntary
organization and while it sets standards
on palm oil production
it has not committed to zero
deforestation for the people in saddle
village what they lament is the loss of
the forest they say the land belong to
their ancestors and should be theirs for
generations to come
Florence lui al Jazeera saddle village
Sabah State Malaysia
