hi I'm femi okay and i'm malik yoba
lillah and you're in the stream today I
look back at one of the most iconic
photos of the Syrian refugee crisis
well here the backstory to the image of
the boy on the beach
and look at the current state of Syrian
refugees Sunday will mark the date three
years ago when the Curdie family mother
Rihanna and her two young sons Caleb and
Alan drowned in the Mediterranean Sea
along with other Syrian refugees they
were attempting to travel from Turkey to
the Greek island of cos and they were
accompanied by their father Abdullah who
was trying to move his family to a place
where they could have a better life
now the iconic photo of Allen whose tiny
body washed up on the shore of a Turkish
resort town became a rallying point for
activists and governments offer
assistance in the refugee crisis online
the image of the lifeless boy was shared
millions of times before the world knew
his name people were using the hashtag
drowned Syrian boy and humanity washed
ashore today we're going to hear a very
deeply personal take on the Syrian
refugee crisis joining us from Ismet
Turkey we have Alan Kurdi Zandt T
mccurdy she has recently published a
family memoir called the boy on the
beach also joining us via Skype is dr. Z
hair Sallu co-founder and president of
the humanitarian assistance organisation
Med global he's in Chicago and has just
returned from Jordan and Lebanon where
he met with Syrian refugees and Leonard
Oil spokesperson for the International
Organization for Migration which is
based in Geneva Switzerland it is good
to have you here everybody I want to
start with a TEDx talk that Timur did
two years ago
personalizing the refugee crisis have a
look have a listen
the picture of Alan Kurdi is the gift to
us to you and me is the powerful image
to teach us how we can use today a
tragedy the seed of hope not to invited
tragedy but to recognize that it's going
to happen and when it does can we open
our door an arm and heart can we find
hope tima I was so surprised when I was
watching your TED talk and you put a
picture of your little nephew in that
TED talk you just faced it head-on
that picture something that you knew and
loved why did you do that you'll be
honest for me I already look at that
picture once just to recognize it and we
know he is my nephew and I never really
I can't even really look at it anymore
the only reason I wanna actually keep
showing that picture to the world is
just because it just to be a permanent
reminder so we do not forget and we do
not go silent because I believe somehow
that image was so powerful that God put
the shine and the light and that boy
just to wake up the world and say enough
suffering and enough children are dying
and the world are silent you mentioned
wanting to be a permanent reminder
tima I want to share a reflection from a
journalist who read your book in which
you describe the backstory to what
should be a reminder this is a moving
review from Belial kuraishi who wrote
this
in the Washington Post after a photo of
her nephews drowned body went viral a
Syrian woman tells the family's story
here's what he told the stream about
what he took from your memoir scribbly
it's really nice to be able to thank you
for this beautiful book it was very
moving to be returned to that fall of
2015 when that terrible photograph was
published all over the world and I think
I've just been wondering and I'm curious
to ask what you think has happened to
our global sense of empathy that that
moment galvanized I'd be curious to hear
why you think and how you think we can
return to that that moment and that
feeling of being more open hearted
toward migrants and refugees thank you
again so much so he mentions empathy
there tima what would you say to the
idea that the empathy went away you know
for us for somehow you know we have a
tragedy in our life in the daily life we
hear it in a radio we live with the
tragedy every single day and your
neighbor in your community but somehow
the people get too busy that they become
numb that it's not my tragedy anymore
the only thing I feel that people they
should speak up they should we should
keep remind them about this is the true
story of the human suffer and you know
so people can open their heart and take
action and help the others like for me
share in my family story it's not easy
for me by speaking up and an example I
go around universities I chose to do
this to share the story to just I
believe those young generation they are
our voice they are our future and by
hearing a tragic story that the world
heard about it and everybody's father
forgets and the suffering continued when
I keep talking about it and everybody
will move
say you know I want to do something it
changed my my my life you know by
sharing your story so the more they tell
me please keep doing this and share it
with the world the more I feel should be
a permanent reminder I think that's why
I mean this is why I do this right how
do they react Timur when you tell them
how much detail do you tell them about
what happened to you and your family I
mostly when I go talk first
I have only similar to the TEDx talk I
highlight the story but after that of
course there is a question I ask most
people they will ask me in detail so why
they will put themself in that danger
the risky journey why those thousands of
people they think they're gonna come to
Europe
what's a different why they don't stay
in their team Tim these are good
questions would you give us a couple of
those answers you prepared for those
answers of course of course
what each other you know thousand
obscure thousand of time I said to them
you know I give them an example I will
share with them the story you know
before even during the where the war I
will sell them imagine yourself you you
on your family you are in safe country
peace for all a sudden you are in a war
zone your own kids they are a playing
soccer in the street it's a normal kids
and all of a sudden there is a person a
suicide bomber blew himself out and
those young children they witness the
whole body will be in pieces that blood
all over so can you imagine that can you
imagine the kids how they gonna go home
how they're gonna take that memory for a
long long time in in their mind they
can't sleep they traumatized so they go
to school and example in the war zone
the parents will pray to God you know I
hope they will come back home in peace
sage
and they will witness their school
friend got shot in the head in front of
their eyes so when I shared personal
story from neighbor from my own family
to them and they will think they said oh
this is how it is
I'm so sorry now I understand so a small
detail some time we shared a personal
story from experience to the people who
basically like for us you know living
far away from the reality and I always
tell them from me being you know
visiting refugee camp being seeing the
people how they live here in Turkey
I hear I hear then use an example I say
it changed my life it really changed my
life because I was like everybody else
watching the news feel sorry for the
people have a personal connection by the
phone you know here in the struggle but
is not the same when you actually go in
person and visit and be talk to these
real people to understand them and I
have university student actually I had a
talk in in the state in Philadelphia
from me yeah Philadelphia Temple
University actually and I have people
the group actually sent me a personal
thank you for a change in their heart ha
to open their heart that they were first
kind of you know a refugee you know why
should we take them we have lots of
people in our country we need to deal
with our own people I have a personal
thank-you from them that I miss them and
they went to Greece to actually go and
see it by themselves and when they come
back again they sent me another message
that forever forever that they thanked
me to move them to do this so all of us
all of us have the power to to talk to a
people
who will say you know you are for the
middle east and you're from you are
Muslim you're Christian we need to
educate people that no matter what we
are people when it comes to educating
people and I think that you of course
are doing that as you speak the amount
of tweets that I see coming in reference
that but I wanted to pivot here to this
tweet from doctors a hair saloon on our
panel today who wrote in yesterday
saying everyone knows where he or she
was when they saw the picture of your
nephew for the first time so three years
ago is when that picture surfaced today
news looks like this this is currying
tweeting in Syrian refugees and Lebanon
are now at risk of forced returns
despite ongoing battles attacks from
militant insurgencies cases of
imprisonment torture and forced
conscription is that her looking at the
news as it is three years on where do we
stand I know you just came back from
Lebanon from the refugee camps what's
your take first of all my convey my deep
condolences to Tina and the family of
Island Corday I didn't have a chance to
talk to you in person but this is of
course a child that touched the hearts
of many Syrians and many people
throughout the world
I remember my senator Duckworth who
called me one day after she saw the
picture and she has a young child and
she told me that after she saw that
child the picture of Island
she hugged her child she started to
crying and then she signed a letter
asking President Obama at that time to
open the door to Syrian refugees to be
resettled in the United States and that
letter asked for President Obama to
resettle 200,000 Syrian refugees the
travesty that now in 2018 three years
after the the picture we had resettle in
the United States only 18,000 Syrian
refugees much less than Canada much less
than of course Germany who took the lead
and opened the door to Syrian refugees
and Sweden and other countries and it's
shameful in the United States that we
only resettle the 18,000 refugees after
the Muslim ban
we only had few Syrians who were
resettled the other thing that you know
there's a Somali British poet who wrote
after she saw the pictures of Ida and
Cordy about why people are putting their
children on the boat and she said that
no one puts their children on the boat
unless the water is safer than the land
and no one leaves home unless the home
is the mouth of a shark and Syria is
still a mouth of the shark and right now
we are hearing about return of Syrian
refugees from Lebanon and Jordan Russia
it looks like it's seeking the
leadership initiative to push Syrian
refugees to go back from Jordan and
Lebanon knowing that Syria is still not
safe still the mouth of the shark we're
talking right now about it live where
there are 3 million people in it live
half of them are children and they're
under threat of military assault from
the Russian and Syrian army and that
will create huge humanitarian crisis
let's also not forget that in this year
in 2018 we had more than 1 million
Syrian displaced people inside Syria and
the reason that they are displaced
inside Syria because all countries
around Syria have blocked all of their
borders
I met with some Syrian refugees in
Lebanon and in Jordan and I asked them
what does it take for you to go back
home and they told me that we need first
of all to change the circumstances that
we fled Syria from we still have a very
brutal regime that is torturing people
to death you know just last week the
Syrian regime have confirmed that it
killed or it didn't say that it killed
it said that more than 8,000 people died
in the prison because of heart attacks
and they gave names actually of these
people who died from Hamas from the area
from Adhamiya from Daraa from Aleppo so
how can you expect refugees to return
into Syria with the threat of torture
detention and so forth sighs let me just
bring in Leonard here because I'm
interested to hear how things have
changed in the last three years Leonard
I'm looking at some headlines and
sometimes the headlines can be deceiving
so you can tell me
is this where we are right now refugee
drowning skyrocket across the
Mediterranean as Italy's new far-right
government blocks rescue boats
from the independent Yahoo news three
babies dead a hundred missing in latest
shipwreck off Libya and in looking at
some statistics for the global migrant
deaths from the beginning of January to
August of this year and the most number
of deaths are in the Mediterranean at
1500 more than 1500 and those are the
ones that we know about what's change
Leonard
I think what's undoubtedly changed is
that the public opinion in Europe has
grown very cold towards the acceptance
of refugees and indeed migrants economic
migrants and we're seeing that in the
politics right across Europe we're
seeing the punishment that the
Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel is
having to with go through for her
bravery for her huge leadership in
inviting refugees to come and stay in
the country right across the right
across the board the politics have
turned volatile and they've turned to
the extreme right in some cases so I
think we're going to a very difficult
patch for Refugees and for migrants in
Europe no question about it and indeed
as as the other panelist has mentioned
the surrounding countries as well have
effectively put up the barriers so
there's nobody leaving and not many want
to return as we speak when when you
speak aside we got this comment on
YouTube live this is a teacher who says
I remember I was working in a group that
helped refugees in Greece and how much
the story brought attention and helped
to our group and just how quickly that
empathy disappeared people got bored the
media got bored so on that note of
boredom we found this sweet just
scrolling around on our feed this is
from Andrew and he brought in Europeans
are no longer shocked by pictures of
drowned
children just as Americans are getting
used to images of caged children we're
letting the fear-mongering politicians
undermine our basic humanity so Andrew
actually sent us a video comment picking
up on that thread and here's what he
told the stream I think some sympathy
for refugees and asylum seekers has
diminished in recent years in Europe
this is mainly due to fear mongering and
hate mongering by certain politicians
who are
to pretend that this group of people is
a huge threat for some reason to their
country to their people to Europe and
try to win votes off the back of that we
see this in places like Italy where the
Interior Minister has been threatening
to send people back to Libya where we
know there's a great risk of torture
we've seen it in Hungary where the
government is literally starving asylum
seekers in its custody in order to
appear tough we're the big tough
powerful people totally taking advantage
of these powerless people and that's
supposed to make people sort of feel
safe it's vile is that her do you want
to take that on I think what's important
to mention that refugees do not want to
leave their country I mean I spoke with
many refugees in Jordan Lebanon Turkey
Iraq and they want to go back to Syria
but how can we create stability in Syria
safe circumstances that refugees can
feel secure in Syria Syria by the way
the stability of Syria is very important
for the United States national security
is surrounded by allies the refugee
crisis in Syria has created a global
refugee crisis that you're talking about
that created anti-refugee anti-immigrant
sentiment the rise of hate groups
Islamophobia and also rise of terrorism
and also we need to remember that last
generation of Syrians the the millions
of children in the refugee camps in in
Jordan and Lebanon they're gonna create
a lot of instability in the future and
the Middle East so if we care about
Syria we have to create the
circumstances in Syria that will let
these refugees go back home and these
circumstances means political change
political settlement and also having
safety and dignity for the refugees
right now there is a law that enacted by
the government in Syria that confiscate
the lands and the properties of the
refugees who left Syria if they do not
show up within 30 days this is law
number 10 so in order to make it easy
for the refugee to go back to Syria we
need to make sure that we pressure the
governments that can influence the
situation inside Syria
okay
I team I want to take our audience back
to December 2018 when your brother
Muhammad turned up at the airport with
his kids let's roll that tape have a
look they said we watch in the news when
the first plane arrived when our prime
minister welcome those refugees we were
crying and we felt the love from those
Canadian people so they feel really
comfortable now two things they're team
one is I feel the love
just a few hugging your family that's
coming across on the video the other
thing was that what happened to your
family
changed policy changed global policy and
refugee policy for a while where is it
now do you think are you still seeing
those changes or everything kind of
rolled back that's the sad part there
exactly when we see it you know every
year I said if we don't do something and
find a peaceful solution to the war in
Syria to the crisis everywhere if the
world leader cannot agree on the
solution we're gonna see more worse and
worse and we're gonna see create more
refugee and then what so yes if you look
back now back then you know Canada
welcomed like and within the three
months a 25,000 was so beautiful you
know emotional to see this so if I was
like if everybody will willing to this
for a while and welcome them which they
should until today I always say every
country should welcome them because they
deserve to seek of silence but in the
bigger picture with which the world
ignore he is like you know they want to
go home but there is
no home to go to so why we can't use our
voice why we can't urge the
international committee committee a
community to urge an invest on you know
more aid to actually send them back to
their home an example like I have a
personal family story here their home
it's they want to go home
100% they have no problem not from the
regime not from everybody but their home
it's been bombed they need to fix it I
have a three family told me the same
story three of them they said we don't
care you know
we had enough from living out of the our
country as a refugee and when people
looking us at us it's almost the sign in
our forehead you are a refugee
you're not belong to here the team is
you in a book as you're talking alehna
DS is not in Leonard seems to totally
resonate with the work that you're doing
to in the stories that you know well
what I think is really important as as
you're doing here you're distinguishing
between resettlement people moving to a
new country like Canada and the United
States as it was at least resettlement
is always just going to be a small
number of people maybe 3% and it's
further most vulnerable really and it
takes a huge it's a huge cast and it's a
huge political fallout sometimes what we
really need to do is what we've just
been hearing about is refugees need to
be able to go home and that's the big
intractable challenge right now for
obvious reasons there are real
difficulties in getting people back to
reconstruct the country to whatever sort
of settlement is going to be there
whatever sort of resolution that's what
has to be fixed as in so many conflicts
around the world it's the politics that
are driving it mmm and as long as the
politics are bad it's going to be
difficult but clearly that's where the
end as you just heard refugees usually
want to stay close and go home as soon
as they can Vica so why is why is it so
hard to to actually urge our leader the
world leader why is it so hard we can
just you know we
use our voices and tell them enough is
enough because they probably want a
motherboard team and that is the classic
team of that is a classic question we're
right at the end of this program but
that is what we all ask every time we
see refugees or migrants in dire
circumstances thank you so much for
taking part in the program's a hair
Leonard and especially T mccurdy thank
you so much for being with us on the
stream today our conversation continues
always online Malika and I will see you
there at 8:00 a stream take care
