Syrians and rebel-held areas are
rejecting Russian warnings of an
imminent chemical attack staged by the
opposition Russia's Ministry of Defense
says what it calls terrorists are
planning to fake a chemical weapons
attack which will be blamed on the
Syrian government Western governments
and Syrians such as these protesters
from the northern town of Khafre Zeta
say Russian claims are meant to sow
confusion and to pave the way for yet
another chemical weapons Massacre
this is our reply to these claims every
one here is the reply they say only
terrorists and militants are here blur
these terrorists and militants those who
killed our children in Gouda and Concha
kun plan to kill them here as well but
they will never take our roots from
these lands your claims mean nothing
Russia
means nothing we are here in the city
telling the brutal killer and criminal
regime and it's gangs as well as the
Russian and Iranian occupiers that we
will stay firm in this city Syria's war
is complicated with many countries
involved using proxy armies the northern
countryside of Hama and Idlib province
are the last remaining rebel-held areas
the Syrian government is vowing to
recapture so-called terrorist areas as
Syrian troops continue their buildup
around ad lib Russia and Turkey have
shown willingness to find a solution
which doesn't involve an all-out attack
Iran's defense minister discussed
post-war reconstruction at a recent
meeting in Damascus I meet at me says
the Syrian government invited Iranian
elite troops Hezbollah forces and Shia
militias which are backed by Iran have
been instrumental in recapturing
rebel-held parts the US and its allies
want to end Iran's influence in Syria as
an American envoy made clear in
territory controlled by us pack Kurdish
fighters we remain focused on ensuring
the withdrawal of Iranian forces and
their proxies from the joint Syrian
Russian command post the message is
clear Hitler will face the same attacks
as all of the rebel-held areas in what
they call liberation from terrorism
this is what that liberation looks like
whether in Homs Aleppo areas back under
the control of President Bashar
al-assad's forces backed by Russia and
Iran sama bin Javed al-jazeera
