it's noisy colorful and exuberant
and hugely popular but as well as
bringing visitors from around the world
onto the streets of West London the
Notting Hill Carnival is a chance to
celebrate the history of Britain's
Caribbean population
this year's seen a political scandal
over how badly some of the so-called
Windrush generation and their
descendants have been and are being
treated 70 years on from the first
arrivals arrival of more than 400 happy
Jamaicans because of a hardening of Home
Office rules hundreds have been deported
or threatened with deportation others
lost their jobs and their right to
healthcare
despite being long-standing British
citizens this year's also the 60th
anniversary of the so-called race riots
in Notting Hill when white youths went
on the rampage attacking West Indian
immigrants and their property and at
this year's opening ceremony local
children performed a song remembering
past and present struggles trying to
celebrate the pioneers of Carnaval
without them we wouldn't have carnival
carnival is a unique event and it's come
about by the contribution of many people
over many years so it's important that
we recognize those people well one of
them is Matthew's father Clive who came
to the UK from Trinidad in 1961 five
years before carnival as we know it got
going he says even some in his community
were skeptical of the Stars and they
thought well we mad or something steel
burners who started it and then
gradually people start put on costumes
and it escalate from there with some
systems and a different thing for years
now carnival has been Britain's main
showcase for Caribbean culture not just
music but everything from arts and
crafts to food and it's taken a
sustained fight to keep it in this area
but for now it remains rooted in a
particular place and a particular
community
of course it's now a party that
everyone's invited to but it's
determined to hold on to its identity
nadine barber al jazeera
