freedom for Bobby wine 12 days after his
arrest blocked up by both the military
and the police he accuses of torture
wine is charged with treason along with
32 others after President you're wearing
the seven his motorcade was stoned
during the recent local election
campaign what Bobby wine song do you
want to listen to during the course of
the show well let us know mainly ugandan
such as radio presenter James Peterson
have closely watched developments he
dedicated an hour of his show to Bobby
wine and his music it's been a big hit
the young people are the majority and
most times they've sat back and said
well you know politics is for the old
folk but right now the young people
waking up and wanting to get involved in
the future of this country
Ugandan politics have been controlled by
President Yoweri Museveni who has ruled
for 32 years and a divided opposition
led by Kizza Besigye
who was arrested recently four young
people have the greatest stake and
responsibility to reclaim their country
and that's why indeed young people are
standing up in many townships such as
this one in the capital Kampala where
wine grew up it's all about his message
this is a song recently produced by
other musicians calling for his freedom
many candles who are struggling to make
ends meet say that Babu wine understands
their problems he was raised in poverty
in this Township and he has wax had in
his music and politics to get to where
he is some analysts say that his
popularity has transcended tribal
differences and a lot of people in
different parts of the country are
talking about him
Wein opposed a recently passed law and
in the 75 years old age limit for
presidents the seventy is 74 years old
one also led protests against tax on
social media users what as opinion as
politics is that a face images and we
say it's that person's problem
so it's messages revolution for 15 years
then comes Bobby wine and it's a bobby
line revolution what about me
many Ugandan say the treason charge is
trumped up by the government to suppress
dissent government officials say the
politician incited people to violence
Uganda's next election is due in 2021
wines popularity perhaps highlights how
that election will shape up by winning
the hearts and minds of young frustrated
Ugandan we're desperate for political
change Katherine so hey al Jazeera
Kampala
