hi I'm Sami okay and I'm Malika Bilal
today crazy rich Asians is the first
major Hollywood film with an all-asian
cast in 25 years now does this make it a
watershed moment for representation
tweet us your thoughts or comment in our
live YouTube chat and perhaps you too
could be in the street right we've been
dating for over a year now and I think
it's about time people met my beautiful
girlfriend what about us taking an
adventure II like Queens Singapore
Collins wedding every time I bring them
up to kiss maybe his parents up and he
has to send them money take a bags and
get you checked in to Frisco with this
so your family is rich we're comfortable
that is exactly what a super rich person
would say crazy rich Asians tells a
fictional story of Rachel Chu a native
New Yorker who like to Singapore to meet
her boyfriend's family and the meeting
doesn't exactly go smoothly now the film
is being lauded by some as an important
moment for representation because it
tackles the complexities of what it
means to be Asian American but some
critics point out it shines a spotlight
on Asian American representation while
ignoring other Asian groups and joining
us to discuss this onset is Brad Jenkins
he's the executive producer at Funny or
Die in Los Angeles
Nancy Wang Yoon she's a sociologist and
author of real inequality Hollywood
actors and racism and in New York
Kimberly young
she's the Asian voices editor for The
Huffington Post so welcome everyone to
the stream I want to start on my laptop
with a tweet because of course this is a
conversation that is going viral online
evie here types in I find rom-coms which
is romantic comedies cheesy but I
watched crazy rich Asians to support in
all Asian cast and for the first five
minutes I bawled nothing to do with the
storyline it was just seeing Asians
portrayed and so
any different ways other than kung-fu
fighter or tech girl with dyed hair
sidekick Brad this person cried for the
first five minutes of the film I will
full disclosure I cried several times
driving out the film the first five
minutes I will say but this clearly
spoke to Eevee can you relate to that I
can you know I'm one of these guys who
actually likes rom-coms I'm like the one
guy in the audience of nothing but women
so I can relate and I felt the same way
there was something really touching
about seeing your face up on screen but
in so many different ways right not just
the one stock character or the one goofy
nerd it's everything it's the leading
man it's the bad boy it's the hot
leading woman it's the villain everyone
was Asian and it took 25 years for this
to happen it was a special moment and it
was interesting balling again I'm going
to pull out my man card here I found
myself crying a few times in this film
and I think that it speaks to that it
speaks to a hunger for us to see
ourselves reflected I think that's why
you're seeing it feel like a movement as
opposed to just a movie scene Nancy you
spend a lot of time looking at
representation in Hollywood particularly
the lack of representation so when you
see a film like this do incredibly well
what's the backstory what is he telling
us about where Hollywood is right now
and where there isn't the representation
of Asian Americans for instance now so
historically Asian Americans have been
underrepresented and yet asian-americans
are some of the highest internet
streaming service users they also have
been going to movies at higher rates
than their population and so it's kind
of crazy that Hollywood hasn't
capitalized on this and also the you
know they're interested in the Asian
market and asian-americans are certainly
really primed to to be able to bridge
the two of the Asia and the America and
so I think that this the success of this
film allows for a whole new generation
of Asian
American actors to then get roles to be
able to launch their careers which does
happen with Joy Luck Club 25 years ago
we still see that the daughters in in
playing big roles in Hollywood like me
nah and so I think that that's why this
movie the success of this movie is so
significant Kimberly
Fievel tastic Kimberly let me just show
you reminder who Kimberly is if you're
on Twitter you will know who Kimberly is
Kimmy yam and we just go down here I
just want to amaze people with what a
tweet can do tweet thread here hundred
and twenty-two thousand retweets three
hundred and eighty-five thousand likes
and it goes on and on and on why because
Kimberly's sharing stories like this one
you're nine years old you attend ballet
camp someone tells you that another girl
hates you she thinks your eyes are an
ugly shape you don't have the vocabulary
to describe why that's a hurtful but now
you hate your distinctly Asian face you
don't want to be Chinese anymore so many
people around the world said yes that's
me too
I understand I get that and you wrote
that after seeing a rom-com yeah Blane
I think you know kind of going back to
what Brad brought up before when you
know our faces our stories are so absent
from the landscape and suddenly you see
it up there and you see you know not
it's not just one Asian token Asian
character there's a diversity of
personalities there's a diversity of
types of Asians I mean it's much more
true to what we see out in the real
world we're not all these like nerdy
sidekick whatever's we're a lot of
different personalities and so seeing
that kind of for the first time on
screen was a very emotional thing for me
and I think when we talk about
representation there's this whole other
side to it which is a little bit
neglected which is you know why it
actually matters and you know we say
that representation matters but there
are real-world consequences and so you
know for me and and this is really the
true kind of story about the tweets is
you know the reason why the whole thing
was so you know impactful was because
you don't grow up with these stories and
your only references to your own race
are these kind of racist incidents then
then you do end up having kind of a
self-hatred for your culture and and I
think that's a lot of the reason why
when viral is because a lot of people
could relate to that so we can think
that it's important for self it's
important for self representation but
also what kimberly tweeted all these
people making fun of her they're not
seeing any asian-americans or Asian
faces and positive roles right so so
crazy bitch Asians which shows so many
different kinds of beautiful Asian men
so many different kinds of beautiful
Asian women in very in a variety of
roles that aren't stereotypical that
also has an impact on how others the US
mmm yeah absolutely of course we can't
have this conversation though without
talking about some of the criticism in
that representation so it's still a
representation conversation but take a
look at this tweet here now so much of
the film it's really can be considered a
love letter to Singapore where it's
mostly set Justin writes in saying I've
been to Singapore around national day
several years ago and while it is sino
centric it's not an excuse for this film
to then ignore the presence of the
country's other groups this is the same
reason why minorities in the US are
upset about the lack of representation
so if you haven't seen the film I'll
explain what that means via this next
comment week we got a video comment from
someone who wrote this piece crazy rich
Asians is one of the saddest moments
that's her take and here's what she sent
us well it's a triumphal representation
for Asians in America and the Singapore
context things a little bit more
complicated so Singapore is currently
having a big debate about inequality and
the lifestyles depicted in the movie are
pretty much out of reach for most
Singaporeans secondly it's problematic
that the only minorities represented
seem to be servants pretty much and
there's a scene involving Sikh guards
which is just flagrantly racist
especially with the score
ominous music and finally there's this
weird conflation of singapore with china
with the choice to open the movie of a
quote by napoleon bonaparte about china
which at least implies that Singapore is
a Chinese country and I think this
basically represents Singapore so that's
actually a different comment we got two
video comments and very odd on that same
topic Brad but the idea is still the
same it's not representing all oceans
yeah I mean look we are I think take a
step back I think we all agree were in
the Ice Age of Asian American
representation it's taken as 25 years to
get to this point this movie was based
on a book it was based on a story and
you're not gonna represent every culture
every asian-american group in one story
we wish that we could I think as
storytellers include everyone but this
was set in a very specific family in a
very specific time and unfortunately I
think it's actually a good thing I'll
take it back I think it's a good thing
that even with an incredible
representative film like this that we
can still be critical that we can still
not be 100 percent satisfied there were
characters in the film that didn't have
lines there are races in the film that
were not included but it's our first
film right and so I think that as the
director Jon Chu and the screenwriter
Adele they've talked a little bit about
this being the opening of the door the
opening of the door for other stories
and other representations to be told so
it's not going to be perfect not
everyone is going to be represented but
it's a start I like how you said it's
our first film your film your baby
Nancy defer it's your film too you have
ownership you've seen it how many times
have you seen this film I've seen it
three or four times now all right you
want to be the director
well I have to say that the first time I
saw the film I had all these critiques
in my head and I did notice exactly what
that you that tweeter or that that video
said the Sikh guards being the only
dark-skinned Asians and then they're
like the I think Aquafina was kind of
scared of of them and I immediately
cringed I thought oh my gosh this is
this shouldn't be like this you know
this is exactly what we're afraid of
and I remember talking whispering it to
people who are other Asians who are like
what did you think that was racist and
and people did and yet we still
supported the film so I think it's it's
okay to feel mixed to feel to feel all
sorts of feelings right you're feeling
joy you're feeling you're feeling
sadness you're also feeling maybe anger
at not being able to tell all those
stories and especially being insensitive
to some groups and I think I think it's
uh it's really healthy to be able to
have all these conversations so that we
can finally actually say what how do we
want ourselves to be represented yeah
and in defense of the director there the
the guards the Gurkha guards we're in
the book and in fact there are
annotations and notes about the guards
and provided history of why they wore
what they wore and so you can't include
all of that context in a film there are
a lot of things that made in the film
there are a lot of things that were
inserted in the film to sort of
embellish and flesh out characters so
you know would it have been better if
they just kept those characters out
entirely maybe it's a choice that you
sort of have to make but I think that
again the larger issue here I think is
it's such a huge moment for Asians to
have this film for it to be so
successful and I think the fact that
we're hungry for more is good I think
that hopefully it inspires young South
Asians to write their own stories and
get their movies made so I think that
you know again this is it's the ice age
we're getting there we're not gonna get
there you know in one movie
you said that because someone here
brings up almost that same point this is
someone on Twitter besides I see your
point and I understand why the non
Chinese Singaporeans would be upset but
the movies been made like this it's
based on a book written as such and you
can't please everyone at the end of the
day but it's a good spark of momentum
for more faces to appear so someone
replied to that chain on Twitter this is
a dirty who says I think what and she
reference to someone else the saying is
accurate and we have a need for
narrative plenitude the movie doesn't
purport to represent all Asians or even
all people from Singapore Gossip Girl a
TV show didn't represent all New Yorkers
the difference being the number of
stories representing people so Nancy
when we talk about the number of stories
I know that you've studied this you've
looked back over the history of film in
America what's your take on that yeah
absolutely we're at such a dearth of
representation and I think for for Asian
American actors who I study this is a
huge opening because usually you know
you start off as a supporting role and
then you build your resume up right I
think with ghost in the shell' with all
the whitewashing people were saying oh
we don't have an a-list Asian actor and
now we have two actors that are in the
variety ten ten actors to watch Henry
Golding and Gemma Chan and so that's
huge right to be able to have these
faces and to be able to have this again
this launching pad to be able to do so
much more and so hopefully more projects
will come up and that also Hollywood
will be like oh look Asians actually
make money and unfortunately they can't
tell us apart really well so then it
actually does mean that hopefully more
Asians including selfies yes I see
what's doing what's your evidence for
that or should I say Kimberley what is
your evidence for that
slightly joking tymberlee I know you've
been trying to get in that was a joke by
the way everybody don't treat me alright
Kimberley go ahead yeah I mean I'm kind
of going back to you know what Nancy
said this is just a jumping-off point I
think that if we kind of look to this
movie and say that crazy rich agents has
solved the race
some problem in Hollywood that would be
completely false and then this this
whole movement would have failed and so
hopefully going forward there's going to
be a diversity of stories and a
diversity of people represented and a
lot of these criticisms around the movie
I do I absolutely feel they're valid I
think you know I don't think that the
realities of Singapore completely
portrayed on screen but at the same time
we know that with the success of this
film that means that you know hopefully
Hollywood is listening and that we're
going to see other other people other
stories other faces other types of
Asians I mean the Asian community is so
big and so diverse and hopefully you
know more will be represented there was
a lot riding on this movie and if we you
know if we wait 25 years you know people
are going to want to see themselves
their own stories on screen and so I
think that's where a lot of the
criticisms come from but yeah hopefully
there's gonna be a lot more so guess I'm
just looking at crazy rich Asians
movie.com everybody you look at it with
me and you can see these beautiful
scenes it's rich it's lush and oh my
goodness the men okay we have no control
right yeah not yet I can't stop watching
but and lots of different kinds of men
and styles and shapes and characters and
personalities that's a big deal
Kimberley right yeah I mean I I think
the important thing to remember about
this movie is that because the cast is
so large and because there are so many
different types of people portrayed on
screen you're not you know you're not
fitting anyone into a box and so you can
show people there are funny dudes
they're really hot dudes Asians can have
really nice abs you know I was what you
were gonna say that you did the yeah you
know Kris Peng is you know not heinous
ly ugly and so you know but yeah there's
just a diversity of people so you know
we're not fit into this really you know
automat on nerd science something that
coming it's really coming from a man's
perspective I mean my growing up in New
Jersey the only Asian that I saw on the
big screen was long Duk dong I mean that
was pretty much it right so hey whenever
you know people would bring up Asians on
television or movies there was nothing
to really point to it was really Jackie
Chan or long Duk dong and the screening
that I went to the moments that the men
were ons were on the camera I mean women
were literally howling it was awesome
you know as a man you know Asian
American men we haven't had our moment
there hasn't been an Asian American
leading man probably in Hollywood's
history other than a Jackie Chan or a
Jet Li more martial artists and so for
for me to see men to Jim's point sexy
cool sophisticated is extremely powerful
thinking about to my 12-year old self to
see myself and and think I don't need to
be white right I don't need to be
something other than myself I can be
cool I can be hot I can go get some ABS
I think that that that is a powerful
thing for for both men and women to see
keeping that anybody bring in this food
from Odyssey she says moments when
Rachel and Nick those are the two main
characters were in bed or being physical
they stuck out to me
Asians have been either desexualized or
fetishized by Hollywood and I felt like
those were very humanizing moments and
these are also very PG moments there's
nothing really explicit there I've got a
little picture here
Rachel Nick in bed I just happened to
have it on my laptop because editorial
reasons only there you go :
so Asia men talk Maya Sherman
historically there's been actually if we
go all the way back to the silent era
especially Hayakawa was a matinee idol
so he was seen as sexy and and forbidden
and white women would come and flock to
the movies to see him but then after him
for a while there just wasn't anyone
there was Jane Chu gaeda in Flower Drum
Song which was actually a movie that was
a probably one of the first all Asian
cast is pre date
Jolicloud that was a musical set in
chinatown and it also had a lot of a
couple of Asian men that were romantic
leads but it's like we can mark these
like thirty years so it's really it's I
mean everybody's been asking is you know
are we finally going to have a momentum
where we don't have to wait another
twenty-five or thirty years and I think
that with different platforms with
streaming with just more content I think
it's possible
let me show you something that guess
this is cable you go first and I'll go
second you go you go ahead I mean I
think personally I feel like that scene
was really powerful because I don't know
if you know you remember ever seeing an
Asian couple together showing emotion on
screen and I know you know I always cite
this because Nancy always does
so such a good research on on in the
industry but you know the the comment
the casting director made to you about
how agents are difficult to cast because
we're a motionless or expressionless or
whatever I think that that scene was
powerful because there you know love is
just our love is very normal regular ass
love and it's not really different from
other people's but there's also you know
the Flair of our own Asian culture in
there and so I think you know that scene
personally for me was was kind of
revolutionary because you you've never
seen an Asian couple just being really
really regular on screen so you know and
the expressions of different Asians on
on cruise vacations I think I was on a
call with Jon M Chu the director and he
mentioned that some Elaine Michelle Yeoh
who is can like with one look basically
like ice cream are you a million
emotions that the emotions that
culturally Asians are not necessarily
expressing emotions with like you know
big old screens or anything just one
very very like subtle look but really um
kind of yeah all the sisters are behind
that look it's it's really interesting
to think about how there are so many
different ways to Aquafina is really
kind of over
top expressions in ken Jeong we have
such a kind of variety of maybe multiple
generations like the immigrant
generation or people in Asia to people
who have been more Americanized but all
those expressions are legitimate so Nene
I'm really I want to I want to interject
here because another way to show emotion
was via the soundtrack the music is
beautiful have a look at my laptop here
this headline really sums up what I'm
about to show you this is from glamour
this singer auditioned for crazy rich
Asians through YouTube and got the job
she sent us a video comment her name is
Shirl
and this is what she told the stream
honestly this is my first big break in a
Hollywood production movie and I've
never been happier to lend my voice for
such a huge not just a movie but a
movement I mean they haven't had an
all-asian Constance like 25 years ago
and the soundtrack of this film is just
amazing I'm singing half meandering half
English and it's I feel like it's so
authentic because I'm also bought and
raised from Malaysia and Singapore and
just being a part of it is I've never
been prouder I like I've never been
prouder to be Asian never been prouder
to be Asian for me alright so you
haven't seen this film yet it is opening
around the world between now and October
Bethany is a reporter at the Philly
Enquirer she wrote this story here my
favorite part of crazy rich Asians was
the credits why would that be there's a
little secret in the credits but that's
not the reason why it's their favorite
part have a listen to what Bethany had
to say they have my favorite part of
crazy rich Asians actually came at the
very end when the credits rolled because
that was when I got to see all of the
names of the Asian Americans who made
this movie happen but weren't
necessarily on screen people who worked
in costume design and music and set
design because I knew that they were
gonna be the people who were going to
hold Hollywood accountable from now on
even though they're not necessarily
actors or actresses they were the ones
who worked behind the scenes to make
this movie happen so obvious
the asian-american narratives are
important to them and I'm so excited to
see what work comes out of that whole
movement hmm inspiring credits and also
little top tip who you haven't seen the
film stay to the end of the credits
don't rush off early there's a little
extra special thing in there rat Nancy
Kimberly thank you for joining us today
really enjoyed your conversation Malika
oh and with Samia who says I'm not Asian
or Asian American but this film meant a
lot to me thanks for joining us on the
stream you can see as always online at
AJ stream take care everybody
