the beds here are for children fighting
cancer victims of a war they can't
understand nor can they understand or
express the pain from a disease which no
racks their body
we are facing great difficulty in
obtaining medicine most of the drugs
needed for treatment are totally absent
others are very expensive
the adults are given cheers to receive
their treatment for many the under race
they won't win they fear being consumed
by cancer before they get their hands on
the treatment the National Cancer Center
now received 600 new patients every
month there's simply not enough medicine
to go around the National Oncology
Center in San I used to receive all its
funding from the state 15 million
dollars bought chemotherapy medication
and anti-cancer drugs that were sent to
centers around the country now it relies
on international aid agencies and
wealthy business people it's something
but it's not nearly enough perdida
province is one place they have
struggled to cope Muhammad lives in a
remote village with difficulty he
finally made it to this Medical Center
he wants to find a cure for his mother
cancer has left her arm grotesquely
swollen I was forced to bring her from
our village to her data there is no
means of transport and above all I'm out
of a job
I received donations from my fellow
villagers until I managed to bring my
mother here they may have arrived just
in time the center here could close its
doors at any time now you get
regretfully there's no official form of
support or subsidy provided by the state
authorities to those patients the
center's operating on charities
donations and grants which are also
declining due to the current conditions
Yemen's living in siege war etc the long
war here has caused the limited health
care system to collapse taking away what
these patients need most medicine and
hope Allen Fisher al Jazeera Djibouti
