type Google into Google's search engine
then hit the news tab you might find a
few stories that the tech giant would
rather you didn't see a few weeks back
we learned that Google was working on
something called project dragonfly a new
search engine for the Chinese market one
that would function in compliance with
Beijing strict rules on censorship in an
organization that talks up transparency
it is ironic that only a handful of the
company's 88,000 employees knew about
this project when some of them caught
wind of it they leaked the details to an
online news site the intercept which
broke the story and put Google's top
brass on the spot Google has ventured
into China before in 2010 but back then
it decided it could not live with the
censorship rules there so it pulled out
this potential re-entry into China
signals a major policy u-turn involving
one of the biggest tech companies on the
planet and the world's largest market
our starting point this week is Google's
headquarters Silicon Valley USA
times change technology moves on
companies evolve there was a time when
Google's corporate mantra was don't be
evil that altruistic philosophy has
since been amended watered down if you
will to do the right thing was that a
mere shift in semantics or has Google
made a moral adjustment in the way it
does business with China just being the
latest most newsworthy example of that
Google is celebrating its 20th birthday
in that time we have folded it into our
lives in some really deep ways Google is
by far the dominant search service on
mobile devices and on computers in the
world it's very interesting when we look
at how Google deals with China because
that is one place where it won't be
dominant and one place where it really
has to pander to the demands of the
government there but I think it's
something Google has to do Google can't
ignore China to ignore China is to
ignore the world in China increasingly
nowadays doing the right thing is is
about trading off to less than evil when
I speak to Chinese friends actually many
of them are hopeful that they can use
Google in China because they would like
that be an alternative to the near
monopolist which is Baidu it would be
really interesting scene if there are
two big search engines in China duking
it out rather than one big search engine
in China Google has had a foothold in
China before operating there from 2006
to 2010 often coming into conflict with
government censors then after getting
cyber attacked and discovering that the
Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights
activists had been hacked it reevaluated
its policy a company whose stated
mission is to organize the world's
information effectively pulled the plug
on itself in China walking away from the
world's biggest internet market eight
years later Google wants
and it knows that President Xi Jinping's
government will only permit that if
Google builds in search filters that
meet the censorship rules so that if
anyone in China enters a term like human
rights democracy or political opposition
Google's search engine would come up
like so it's like a 180-degree reversal
and what he said in 2010 and so it's
quite a stunning turnaround that they
would suddenly change because in China
nothing is changed in fact it's probably
got worse in terms of the censorship the
laws that are in place that oversee
these things have become a lot more
draconian in that year period so for
Google to say it's going to go back in
is an extraordinary story and that's why
it has had a lot of attention
internationally the legitimate concern
is that people have that if Google goes
into China that it's legitimizing
China's censorship regime that's up to
people's interpretation of what a role
of a corporation ought to be Google is
out to make money and so given that
there are many shareholders that want to
see Google's stock price go up clearly
it's in their very right to pursue one
the largest markets in the world this
story only became public because someone
inside Google wanted it that way and
leaked the details of project dragonfly
to the intercept an online news site
it's since been extensively reported
elsewhere but Google is not commenting
publicly it's not the first time this
year the company has dealt with internal
dissent on a large scale
three months ago thousands of employees
signed the petition protesting against
something called Project maven work that
Google was doing to help the US military
analyze drone footage
Google later announced it would not
renew its contract with the Pentagon
first maven now dragonfly Google which
deals and information is finding that it
cannot keep its own corporate secrets
contained the company has a thousand
employees so less than 0.35 percent or
something like that of the overall
workforce actually knew about this
and once we've reported it of course the
rest of the employees then found out and
a lot of them were very angry not just
because of the censorship issue which
shipped controversial on its own but
because it was kept secret from them a
huge issue and say Google is the secrecy
it's a really interesting moment in
Silicon Valley because when companies
like Google admit that they are pursuing
controversial projects like building a
search engine in China or when companies
like Microsoft reveal that they've been
working with the Department of Homeland
Security on projects that might involve
you know the separation of families the
labor force in Silicon Valley rise up in
protest and demand better behavior from
their companies so we've seen it quite
vocally at Microsoft we've heard
rumblings of it at Facebook and now
we're starting to see it at Google they
should have accountability but because
they can hide behind the corporate veil
there are different sets of rules and
norms that are expected of corporations
if citizens are concerned about
corporations becoming too powerful and
becoming like nation-states then they
should actually be asking the lawmakers
to pass laws that require certain
corporations above a certain revenue
line to have a different way of
responding to public inquiries should
Google succeed in getting back into
China it stands to gain access to more
than three-quarters of a billion people
online
but the company's competition there is
way out front in Google's eight-year
absence by a Chinese search engine has
solidified its position and now has more
than 75% of that market and old habits
even relating to relatively young
technology die hard so even if Google
manages to clear the political hurdles
currently standing in its way it will
have a lot of catching up to do everyone
at Google knows that if this is
successful it will be both politically
controversial and a long slow process to
try to build back reputation in China
web users in China have established
their habits long ago and their habits
do not include Google at this point so I
see this as an effort to establish at
least a small presence in China in the
hopes that it might grow over time look
we have to realize that it's almost
malpractice for a business that has
global ambitions to ignore the largest
market in the world you can see many
tech companies knocking at the door of
China's huge revenues but this does not
mean that China wants it under President
Xi Jinping internet censorship has got
an even tighter so any kind of
censorship deal that Google can strike
with the government now would be much
worse than back in 2010 and this is the
real find that operating in China puts
on such companies how much can you
criticize government whose permission
you need to operate in their markets
