the fabric of Gaza society is being torn
apart locked in by Israel's blockade
with few jobs and no prospects those
with means now have a way out through
Egypt Khalil
boudin is heading that way ten years ago
he says he employed 400 people here
supplying customers in Israel and the
occupied West Bank now most of his
sewing machines are rusting in Turkey I
did a feasibility study and realize
there'd be more opportunities if I moved
there I still have the good contacts
with Israeli business partners all I
need to do is to switch the business
from Gaza to turkey in Gaza there's no
hope your sons are growing and there's
no hope for their future just over 16
thousand Palestinians have left through
this crossing since it reopened in May
and only about four and a half thousand
I've come back those are figures given
to us by the Immigration Department and
those numbers leaving would probably be
much higher were it not so difficult to
get the right permissions in the first
place you have to give the Egyptians a
good enough reason maybe hospital
treatment or studying abroad or you have
to have a visa for your final
destination country something else
that's very difficult to come by those
who managed to get the right paperwork
must wait here queueing sometimes four
days for the bus that takes them to the
crossing I'm traveling to Cairo for
tourism and to have a look around at
what opportunities there might be I'm an
IT specialist in Gaza there's no work if
I find a job in Egypt I won't come back
my brother will find work for me in Abu
Dhabi there is no work here in Gaza
I'm fed up so my main reason for
traveling is to find a job and just for
some relief with tourism more than a
dozen people we spoke to here said they
weren't coming back
and when Halil goes to Turkey
the few jobs left in his factory will
disappear with him adding more people to
the list of unemployed which is more
than 40% of the population Burnett Smith
al Jazeera Gaza
