the decision by the country's electoral
commission to reject jean-pierre Bemba
and his opposition mlc party from
upcoming presidential elections in the
Congo will do little to lessen the
tension on the streets of Kinshasa the
former prime minister has a strong
following in the capital with members
party secretary Eve Bizet burr appeared
to call for calm the Electoral
Commission decision and defend the
jean-pierre Bemba kandacy as president
of the republic the first procedure for
us will be to go to the Constitutional
Court and after that we'll see what
direction our political party wants to
take Bemba returned to the country to
declare his candidacy earlier this month
after eleven years in exile he was
excluded because it was conviction by
the International Criminal Court for
bribing witnesses member was acquitted
of a war crimes conviction from the ICC
in June the Electoral Commission which
is supposedly independent has long been
painted by Bemba and by his supporters
as deeply partisan as coming up with
inflammatory statements and inflammatory
rules so what is most likely to happen
is indeed that Bamber and his supporters
will take to the streets and will seek
to find other ways extra legal ways to
try to shape this this election this
process perhaps even to boycott it or to
try to derail it
president Joseph Kabila has held office
since 2001 and his rule over the
mineral-rich country has been marked by
corruption and civil unrest two weeks
ago he signaled he would not run in the
election raising fears among the
opposition he tried to stay on is the
power behind the throne the opposition
will large its appeal at the
Constitutional Court on Tuesday failing
there it's feared violent protests on
the streets can be expected Peter sharp
al Jazeera
