people in Basra have been uploading
videos of what comes out of their water
tanks contaminated water which appears
to be unusable and unsafe some have
conducted particle tests on their own
and say the water being provided is not
fit for drinking hundreds of people have
been treated in hospitals in the last
few days but stomach related complaints
including aches and diarrhea there are
many poisoning cases my own family
members have been affected and when I
took them to hospital I was surprised to
see so many other poisoning cases
because of water oil-rich Basra is
Iraq's second city with a population of
more than two and a half million people
for years its facilities and water
treatment plants have been neglected
using various tests Iraq's government
has identified deteriorating water
quality along the Tigris Euphrates and
the Shatt al-arab
people blame politicians for making
matters worse those corrupt politicians
could not even help the fish in this
water to survive do you think they'd be
able to help our country even animals in
Europe enjoy some dignity compared to us
here in Iraq Aran water are necessary
for life but now there is no water the
anger has again reached the streets
dozens of people have been protesting
against the lack of solutions from the
government civil society activists and
lawyers have filed cases against the
governor of Basra the head of the
Municipal Council and the directors of
water and health authorities the people
of Basara are demanding the provision of
uncontaminated drinking water as well as
health services and good education
these are constitutional rights the
Constitution is merely ink on paper and
has not been properly applied to serve
the citizens at all Iraq's Ministry of
Environment calls water contamination a
very dangerous situation and it's in
addition to the lack of water in the
province in a statement it said the
Basra health Directorate staff and
technical teams are working
round-the-clock under the directions by
health and environmental ministries to
figure out immediate and long-term
solutions for the issues of pollution in
Basra since last month there have been
widespread protests in Basra province
people have been demanding jobs and
better public services including water
and
tricity prime minister haider al-abadi
is government has faced strong criticism
for not addressing the basic demand of
people here and as more people fall sick
because of a lack of clean drinking
water that anger is likely to continue
Osama bin Javed Hazare
