there's no place for celebration here
this is a time for survival and little
more for thousands of families who
escaped the fighting you know Dida you
know stay in an old school block in
cenar it's somewhere to live but not a
police anyone would call home Edie used
to be more joyful as we used to
celebrate the occasion with our families
relatives and friends on the contrary
eat here in the camp is filled with
sorrow and grief as we are living the
tragedy of being away from home and our
loved ones
however we thank God for what we have
for many here a moment of joy when a
smile breaks across a face is a stolen
moment a chance to forget the reality of
where they are and what they are in the
past we used to celebrate Eid with
family and friends today we feel like
we're being imprisoned in this camp
we cannot go out or have fun we used to
visit our relatives and friends during
Eid used to go to the beach or the park
but here there's nothing at all
most of the families here came from the
port city of heard EDA thousands of
families have come here since the
saudi-led coalition began the largest
assault since the almost 40-year war
began aiming to seize the port and the
city's airport it's estimated more than
100,000 people have fled the city since
the beginning of June as Muslims around
the world wrap up their Eid celebrations
for the refugees here in Sanaa there's
no point in celebrating that will be
kept for another date it used to be
God's paradise on earth but now we're
living in hell this Eid is tasteless we
cannot feel the joy or pleasure of their
occasion nor can our children as we are
away from home ho Dada when the war will
be over we will return home and
celebrate the best Eid ever
there's no eat away from our home city
Eid al-adha is meant to show the bones
of Muslim brother and sister at a time
when everyone is equal but for those in
Yemen who feel neglected and forgotten
it's not something they're ready to
celebrate Allen Fisher al Jazeera
Djibouti
