turning now to Palestinian journalists
and activists and the twin inescapable
realities of surveillance and censorship
since 2015 the authorities in Israel
have arrested an estimated 1000
Palestinians for content they published
or shared online Israel even has a
dedicated cybercrimes policing unit with
the cooperation of tech giants like
Facebook the state has successfully
taken down hundreds of Palestinian
social media accounts and Israel
strategy in this area goes well beyond
censorship the state has developed
algorithms that monitor Palestinians in
anticipation of them committing a crime
silenced and surveilled by Israel on one
side Palestinians are also having to
contend with the Palestinian Authority
the PA on the West Bank and Hamas in
Gaza neither of which is known for
tolerating dissent or criticism online
in the West Bank in particular the piays
2017 cyber crimes law has led to the
arrests of numerous Palestinians the
listening-posts
Tarek NAFA now from the occupied West
Bank
this past week a leader Ali became the
latest Palestinian journalist to be
charged with incitement the Palestine TV
correspondent is known for his live
broadcasts of life under occupation the
Israeli military reportedly took issue
with videos he shared of soldiers in a
refugee camp near Ramallah none of Ali's
posts call for violence
but both the military prosecutor and the
judge referred to the size of Ali's
audience the number of followers he has
and the likes he gets and it's not just
journalist fifteen-year-old Hamada Abu
Levin was arrested for writing the words
forgive me on Facebook her alleged crime
incitement in any manner to Mimi's crime
was live-streaming her daughter's now
infamous confrontation with two soldiers
in her front yard she was charged with
and then convicted of incitement just a
few examples and there are hundreds of a
charged Palestinian say has been used to
criminalize criticism of the occupation
in the Ormerod the general assumption
nowadays is that all Palestinian social
media users are under Israeli
surveillance they developed algorithms
which monitor social media for certain
keywords and later began using a
profiling method known as predictive
policing anything you say can be seen as
incitement the power torrent atul was
just imprisoned for saying resist my
people resist so the word resistance is
forbidden as our phrase is like I'm
against occupation or I will resist
occupation it's all considered
incitement there are very sophisticated
methods of online surveillance with
these algorithms that have been
to the technology that is being used
targets everyone anyone exercising the
right to free speech you what you are
seeing is a violation of the presumption
of innocence people are not presumed
innocent they are presumed guilty from
the start
Israel does not hesitate one it wants to
silence its critics whether Arabs or
Jews to invert the security argument
give me total aviation share 200 new
team and pal game I'm Michel
citta any criticism of Israeli policies
is full of Israeli point of view
threatening to state security in 2016
Israel's Minister of Justice Ayelet
shaked boasted that Facebook complied
with 95% of government requests to
remove infighting content and you face
the bill and the works would give the
government the power to make that 100
percent the ministry told The Listening
Post that in fight meant cases are
examined regardless of the nationality
or origin of the suspect but there seem
to be double standards at play shaked
herself once wrote a Facebook post that
appeared to justify the mass murder of
Palestinians who give birth to little
snakes she was not charged with
incitement and in 2017 the NGO handler
found that Israeli social media users
wrote an inciting post against
Palestinians once every 71 seconds
however prosecutions of Israelis foreign
fight Minh are extremely rare censorship
and monitoring are not the only ways
Israel controls Palestinians online it
also operates social media accounts that
target Palestinians with propaganda in
their own language
a practice known of the military vation
or infiltration of the palestinian
cyberspace you have pages like the
coordinator and israeli general who
publishes information that mainly
targets palestinians and sometimes makes
threats like we will enter this area in
gaza to occupy it again or pages like
bitten and iishe we want to live which
has a photo of dollars luring people to
work with them then there are secret
accounts like that of captain Hashem an
Israeli intelligence officer who writes
to people and asks if they need help
getting a work permit in other words
they play with Palestinian emotions as
well as their need for money to get them
to work for them after a summer in which
Israeli snipers killed more than 150
people in Gaza including two journalists
and were even caught celebrating some of
those killings the Israeli government
announced plans for legislation that
would outlaw filming Israeli soldiers
for quote the sake of shaming them then
there are the more traditional methods
of controlling information this month
the Israeli military arrested six
journalists for incitement in a single
week at least 23 journalists are
currently imprisoned and 17 media
institutions were shut down by the
Israeli military last year but
navigating is real system of control is
only part of the challenge too often
Palestinian journalists have come to
expect the same kinds of intimidation
surveillance and monitoring at the hands
of their own government in the occupied
West Bank the Palestinian Authority seen
by many Palestinians as an enabler an
enforcer of Israel's occupation the PA
seems to have known a thing or two from
the Israelis with double XL yawning
whatever it be the most commonly
deployed charge is incitement one
doesn't want to draw a parallel but
often those who've experienced Israeli
prisons have also experienced PA prisons
it's as if there's a certain type of
journalist who must be denied a voice
the surveillance of what we
right on Facebook has become so
extensive so sophisticated that I
believe we will get to the point where
it will include the political and social
views of journalists to DeMaio taking
the lead from countries like the United
Arab Emirates the Palestinian Authority
has adopted a cyber crimes law that has
had a chilling effect on free speech in
the occupied West Bank it was conceived
almost overnight with no public
consultation and then passed by
presidential decree in its first year
the law was used in a way that violates
human rights and democracy at least 30
palestinian web sites have been banned
for either criticizing the Palestinian
Authority or for having alliances with
Hamas or Mohammed Allen the law has been
amended but is still nowhere near
perfect the point is they're using
various laws in a selective way to limit
opposition voices we're seeing that it's
used in an abusive manner it is not used
to tackle online crime it's used to
restrict opposition and anyone
addressing points that are not supported
by the Palestinian Authority so we're
still calling for a repeal of that law
or an amendment of it that would be in
line with international standards
Verna's Gaza which is under the control
of Hamas and where free speech is also
heavily restricted security forces there
have used harassment interrogations and
arbitrary arrests to silence online
criticism but what seems to
differentiate the PA
if the frequency with which it pursues
journalists who are also being sought by
the Israeli military
one such voice is LaMotta a writer with
a large online following known for her
criticism of the occupation and the PA
she was arrested by Israeli forces in
Hebron last month not long after her
family had been harassed by the PA in
April I spoke to Lamar Hutta the
Palestinian preventive security forces
had detained her husband she told me
they asked him why don't you stop your
wife from writing on your man and he
replied I am a man and agree with what
my wife writes given the ever-present
threat of surveillance and arrest by
Israel plus the threats coming from
their own leadership Palestinians are
increasingly cautious about what they
say online
a study by Palestinian NGO meda found
that 90% of Journalists practice
self-censorship
are to fear for their own safety for
people to know that they are being
surveilled all the time whether they are
aware of it or not create a fear on the
part of the population fear leads to an
annoying leads to feeling that their
life is totally monitored is totally
controlled an integer with them what
about all of our journalistic outlet is
monitored and analyzed we feel as if we
somehow become like that TV program
Big Brother everyone is watching Israel
is watching the PA is watching me there
is censorship but Palestinian
journalists can navigate this ever
narrowing the margin of freedom because
the moment the journalist goes silent
there is nothing left about that got
them up with Alicia
you
