nearly three million people are trapped
in the northwestern province of EDF
Syria's largest remaining rebel-held
area if the government launches a
full-scale attack two and a half million
Syrians could try to flee to the Turkish
border that's been effectively sealed
since 2015 many here are now preparing
themselves for the worst-case scenario
why should I be scared Assad has already
been killing us for seven years our
families brothers and sisters even the
children it does no difference we won't
leave our nation alone again we will
defend our people until the last breath
ethnic has provided a refuge for some
Syrians roughly half of its civilian
population is displaced from elsewhere
in the country the so-called Syrian
salvation government is a civil
authority formed in it the province last
year and backed by the hardline rebel
coalition high achiever al sham formerly
known as the nusra front I grew up the
turkey Russia and the u.s. consider a
terrorist organization and was once
linked to al Qaeda the salvation
government's Deputy Prime Minister
javani hood says they are not in a
position but the revolution itself it
would be a disaster and they catastrophe
if such an attack happens because even
rich and able governments can't evacuate
three or four million people quickly in
such difficult conditions that we are
living in the only stronghold left for
the Syrian opposition it's largely calm
here compared to other opposition hell's
areas but if there is an attack this
will be the last battle before the
Syrian government takes full control of
the country opposition groups in Italy
are attempting to unify into a national
army with turkeys help to try and
overcome and it divisions but high
attacker al sham has not offered its
support yet President Bashar al-assad
has dropped leaflets over ethnic calling
for rebel groups to surrender when this
for the new unifying factions the NLL
God willing and we hope that it could
help the country and the revolution we
hope all the factions can be joined
under one name that would be
reconciliation
we'll never waste our martyrs and the
widow's blood we need to remember those
who suffer in the prisons and the woman
who got raped there for now those living
in Sierra's lost opposition stronghold
can only wait to see what happens next
see Namco s√≥lo al Jazeera ad lib City
northwestern Syria
