the Vatican flag flies over the Irish
Capitol it's 39 years since the last
papal visit congregation numbers are
falling but more than 70% of people
identify here as Catholic when John Paul
the second came in 1979 three-quarters
of Ireland came out to welcome him since
then there's been a massive social
revolution divorce contraception gay
marriage and abortion all prohibited by
the church are now legal and the church
now faces perhaps its biggest challenge
in modern times its legacy of child sex
abuse survivors want Pope Francis to
take robust action according to church
papers 1,300 priests have been accused
of abuse in Ireland since 1975 but there
have been less than a hundred
convictions what would I want from the
Pope I want the Pope to start realizing
that the church can't continue this
charade any longer Mark Vincent Healy
was molested by two priests whilst at
school I was abused in 1969 honors a
nine-year-old boy finishing up down in
junior school the first priest certainly
I felt who had an interest in
prepubescent boys was actually trying to
enjoy what it was to try awakened in you
your first sexual experience there was
an open wound in Irish society in nearly
every diocese in every corner of the
country there were victims of clerical
abuse many of them were silenced or
ignored for decades these were serious
crimes carried out by so-called men and
women of God crimes the Pope cannot
ignore ahead of his visit Pope Francis
issued a statement to the world's 1.2
billion Catholics asking them to help
root out what he described as a culture
of death Pope Francis has gone further
than any other Pope in addressing abuse
but victims want him to do more to hold
the guilty to account and fully disclose
what the Vatican knows , Gorman was 14
years old when he was raped by a Roman
Catholic priest he's now the head of
Amnesty International in Ireland
we have to speak how to ensure that the
Vatican is subjected to proper
accountability and that's the only way
we can be confident that we've done
everything we can in our power to
protect children and vulnerable adults
wherever they may be Pope Francis is
admired across the Catholic world as a
reformer but can he restore faith in
Catholicism the biggest risk to the
church's future in Ireland is the church
itself Nev Barker al-jazeera Dublin
