supporters from Zimbabwe is ruling Zanu
PF party celebrate Friday's
Constitutional Court ruling nine judges
unanimously said the main opposition
leader Nelson janessa has no case the
Court finds that the applicant has
failed to press before it clear direct
sufficient and credible evidence that
the irregularities that he alleges
marred the election process materially
existed in other words there was no
proof of the happenings of these
irregularities as a matter of fact
lawyers representing the opposition MDC
Alliance believe it wasn't a fair
judgement so ultimately the court having
spoken the good thing is also that the
people followed through the proceedings
they are entitled by law to come up with
their own but this is serious the
Election Board admits it made some
clerical data capture errors that meant
revised Inman and GOG was initial total
of votes he won from fifty point eight
to fifty point six seven percent they
insist this did not change the outcome
of the poll according to the
constitution the winner has to be sworn
in within 48 hours
that means president when God was
inauguration will be on Sunday
opposition leaders insist the election
was rigged and they say they'll carry on
fighting the cause decision is final
there is no room for an appeal we are -
it going to act within the law whatever
we are going to do we are going to do
these things within the law we are we
have convened we are going to convince
re the National Council of the of the of
the party on Wednesday and this will
come with the way forward violence
shortly after voting day itself had
raised tensions the army shot at
protesters who aren't happy with the
delay in releasing the results
six people were killed the main
opposition leader Nelson Janissa says
his supporters are still being
systematically targeted I'm assumin and
Gaga won by a narrow margin political
analysts say he now has a triangulate a
deeply divided country he also needs to
turn around Sambhav a struggling economy
but he needs outside help to do that
Hart Matassa al-jazeera
