a few years ago you found though her
Aris Job Description was relatively
simple a professor at Jerusalem's Hebrew
University specializing in medieval
history a decision to broaden his
canvass led to a nonfiction publishing
phenomenon and his elevation to one of
the world's best-known public
intellectuals it came in the form of
sapiens Harare sweeping energizing
history of our species from its birth to
the present day charting the effects of
farming technology and culture in the
formation of what he argues is now one
global civilization it won huge praise
and huge sales eight million and
Counting
next was Hamada us an exploration of how
the confluence of big data artificial
intelligence and biotech could radically
alter and divide society and humanity
perhaps ending our species altogether
Harare himself tries to stay at one
removed from the data revolution he
meditates two hours a day he doesn't own
a smartphone now comes a collation of
his recent work essays talks responses
to readers brought together as 21
lessons for the 21st century although
the lessons often read more as
observations of trends that aren't
likely to end well for Homo sapiens
I spoke with professor Harare recently
in tel-aviv here's the first part of our
conversation
Yuval no hurry thank you very much for
talking to Al Jazeera it's my pleasure
you talk a lot especially recently about
the dizzying pace of change in the world
and the accelerating nature of that
change and whether human beings are
really equipped to deal with it your own
life has gone through a huge amount of
change in the last few years how are you
dealing with it and what's it been like
well it has been quite quite a dizzying
change as you say like a couple of years
ago I was just an anonymous professor in
Jerusalem specializing in medieval
military history things like the
Crusades and the Hundred Years War and
Here I am now talking about cyborgs and
artificial intelligence to the leaders
of the world and the technological
community so it's a very big change
I think I'm coping well and and so what
is your job description now I mean as
you say you're your professional
background is as a historian you were
doing you were doing that too obviously
a good deal of professional satisfaction
and acclaim but not with a kind of huge
public profile not with a huge public
impact that you have now so what how do
you see your role now and what are the
things that that you want to think about
and talk about given the the amount the
number of people that listen to you in
read you know well I still see myself as
a historian I don't think that
historians
are specialists in the past historians
are specialists in change in how things
change and they learn the nature of
change by looking at the past but you
know the past is gone everybody who
lived in the past is dead nobody really
cares about Kings who lived thousands of
years ago in battles that ended
centuries ago the real question is what
is happening right now what can we learn
from the past about the future changes
and what we should be doing and thinking
today and I see my job as trying to
bring more clarity to the public
discussion because what I see today in
the world is that people are overwhelmed
by information by misinformation
by distraction and they don't realize
often what are the most important
challenges and changes that we are
facing I mean there is a fair bit of
overlap among your three books so far
but broadly the first was about the
history of of Homo sapiens and how we
got to this point the second it was in a
pretty long look into the future of our
species
this current book seems to be more
urgent somehow that you're really trying
to address that the main challenges and
threats that we face now all right yet
again the first book was about the past
the second about the future but if you
really learn anything from observing the
long-term past and history of humankind
it must manifest itself in how you
behave and what decisions you take in
the present moment so this is why the
the current book is about what is
happening right now about immigration
and terrorism and climate change and the
rise of nationalism and things like that
and so what are in your view the the key
challenges and threats that we face
right now and going forward well there
are three big challenges facing
humankind in the 21st century
they are nuclear war climate change and
technological disruption especially the
rise of artificial intelligence and
bioengineering this will change the
world more than anything else
nuclear war and climate change hopefully
we can prevent them from happening so
these are changes we try to avoid but
technological disruption in especially
artificial intelligence in bio
engineering this is bound to happen we
still have some choice about what kind
of impact AI and bio engineering
engineering will have in the world but
they will change the world
maybe more than anything that happened
previously in history and these are the
main challenges anything else is a
distraction so if we look at big data
and AI and and bio engineering the
confluence of those of those things you
say that we have some
choices - how how we respond and how we
try and and tailor their their effect
but reading your book you seem to be
pretty definitive about where this is
going
what do you think is going to happen and
what is going to be the impact on all of
us well some things are definitely going
to happen
for example computers and robots
replacing more and more human jobs but
what will be the consequence of that
will this create an extremely unequal
society in which a tiny elite controls
all the economy and makes all the
profits whereas most humans become part
of some kind of useless class this is
not inevitable this is up to us
similarly the combination of AI and
biotechnology means that we are very
close to the point when you can hack
human beings there is a lot of talk
about hacking computers and emails and
bank accounts but actually we are
entering into the era of hacking humans
and I would say the most important fact
anybody who is alive today needs to know
about the 21st century is that we are
becoming hackable animals this is the
most important thing what sorry hackable
how how we're becoming a couple are we
talking about what we read and and what
we're told or are we talking about
something deep out on the surface it
starts and this is what we already see
today it starts by having corporations
and governments amass enormous amounts
of data about where we go and what we
search online and what we buy and things
like that but this is all surface and
and outside how I behave in the world
the big watershed the big change will
come once it starts penetrating inside
inside your body once you can start
monitoring and surveying what is
happening inside your body inside your
brain then you can really hack human
beings and this we are very close to it
we already a lot of people go about with
you know fitbit's that constantly
measure their heart rate or blood
pressure you cross that
with what you buy in what you search
online or what you read or watch or what
you watch on television so you will you
you watch a movie and at the same time
Netflix can know what is happening to
your to your heart rate or to your brain
activity this is going inside the human
body when you combine our increasing
understanding of biology and especially
brain science with the enormous
computing power that machine learning
and AI is giving us what you get from
that combination is the ability to hack
humans which means to predict their
choices to understand their feelings to
manipulate them and also to replace them
if you can hack something you can also
replace it so this is the big issue it's
not it won't happen in a year or two but
in 10 20 30 years we are likely to reach
a point when an external system knows
you better than you know yourself
it will never know you perfectly there
is nothing perfect in the world there is
no such thing as perfect knowledge
Amazon or the government will never know
you a hundred percent but it doesn't
need to it just needs to know you better
than you know yourself
and this is not very difficult because
most people don't know themselves very
well a lot you're talking there about
machine learning and and AI a lot of the
talk about the concerns of for the
future with with AI taking it and have a
bigger role is that it could itself
develop consciousness that it could
start to develop different goals from
from its originators and thereby become
a threat to humanity you seem a bit more
sanguine about that aspect aspect of it
why yeah I think you know the big
dangers out of the job market the big
danger is that AI will serve to empower
a small number of people and create a
digital dictatorship I don't think it's
not impossible but I think it's highly
unlikely that in the near or even medium
future AI will gain consciousness and
start having feelings and desires of its
own and start killing people because of
that
or this is science fiction I think I
really like science fiction but I think
the worst service that science fiction
has done over the last few years is to
distract people from the real dangers of
AI and focus them on unrealistic
scenarios there is absolutely no
indication that AI and computers are
anywhere on the road to becoming
conscious there is a big confusion both
in the scientific community but
especially in science fiction between
intelligence and consciousness people
think that artificial intelligence also
implies artificial consciousness but
there are two completely different
things
intelligence is the ability to solve
problems consciousness is the ability to
feel things like pain and pleasure and
love and hate now in humans and other
mammals like dogs or chimpanzees it's
true that consciousness and intelligence
go together
we solve problems by having feelings but
computers work in a completely different
way over the last decades computers have
become extremely intelligent but they
are they have no consciousness and this
is likely to continue just like you know
airplanes fly far faster than birds
without ever developing feathers so
computers are likely to become far more
intelligent than humans without ever
developing consciousness my personal
impression is that all these
science-fiction movies about robots
becoming conscious conscious and then
starting to kill people and things like
that these are not about humans being
afraid of intelligent robots actually
these movies are about men being afraid
of intelligent women because if you look
carefully you will see that in almost
all cases the scientist who develops the
robot is men is a man and the robot is
female like in West world or in ex
machina and these movies are actually
about feminism about this male fear that
a we've created
thing and now it's becoming more
intelligent and more powerful than us so
it's it's it's a big distraction for the
public I mean there is that the famous
thought experiment about the the AI
which is just given one instruction to
create paperclips yeah destroys
everything the entire planet by churning
through all matter until everything is
miss paper clips that doesn't need to be
a conscious being in order to have a
devastating effect that's true you don't
need that isn't more I mean these kinds
of problems that you give an AI a
particular purpose and you don't really
think through what the consequences will
be this is already happening if you look
at the way that algorithms shape the
public discourse and are responsible for
the for the spread of fake news then
this problem is not science fiction it's
a reality you give the algorithm of the
social network the instruction maximize
traffic on my website this is the
instruction and then the algorithm
discovers without any consciousness just
by analyzing data that if you push up
fantastic stories about all kinds of
ridiculous things that never happened
that make people angry or make people
excited this draws a lot of attention so
nobody gave the algorithm the
instruction spread fake news but this is
what the algorithm ends up doing in in
the service of the goal it was given
which is to maximize traffic on the
website just the humans who gave the
algorithm this goal maximized traffic
they did not take into account that the
best way one of the best ways to
maximize traffic is to make people angry
and to make people fearful by spreading
fake news but this is the result I want
to talk about fake news more more later
on but just on on the idea that we stand
on at a place where we may soon become
sort of in thrall to these sort of
faceless consciousness beings to some
extent haven't we lived in that world
for a while I mean there is a thing
called a corporate
which is emerged without any authorship
other than originally to make money for
its founders yes and suddenly after a
few decades they take on an essence of
their own and and something we have
human being serving these corporations
obviously that at the top they make
money from it but they don't have any
purpose but they do grow and they they
take over more and more of the world if
they're successful how is that different
in order from what could happen with
vastly powerful AI is observing these
corporations in many the big difference
is that corporations and also also
nations which are also imaginary
entities they still need humans to make
all the important decisions but now with
the development of AI more and more than
the important decisions will not be made
by any human being they will be made by
an algorithm you may still want to keep
a human being at the top as the CEO of
the corporation or the president of the
country if not for any other reasons and
just for the sake of appearance but the
actual decisions will not be taken by
the CEO or by the president the AI will
present some choices and the president
will choose okay let's do this
but the choices are shaped by the way
that the AI understands reality if you
take something like the financial system
already today the vast majority of
people are incapable of understanding
the financial system it's far too
complicated and with the advance of AI
it is likely to go beyond the ability of
any human being to understand it ai will
work so fast with so much data it will
create financial tools and financial
systems which are far beyond human
understanding and then when you need to
make a big financial decision for the
cooperation offer the country no human
is able to really understand what the
options are it's too complicated so
think about the situation not in a
thousand years but in 50 years or 30
years we
the key financial decisions are taken by
an algorithm and no human being is able
to understand why the algorithm chose
this and not that
if this sounds against science fiction
impossible
just consider that this is already
happening on a lower level even today in
many places around the world when you
apply for a loan you go to the bank and
you apply for a loan your application is
not being processed by any human being
it is processed by a Big Data algorithm
that goes over more and more data about
you not just financial data but even
your facebook profile or your Twitter
account and based on enormous amount of
data the algorithm decides whether to
give you a loan or not and when you go
you go to the bank to say that the
algorithm said no don't give this person
a bit alone he is unreliable I I looked
at his Facebook feed he seems to be an
unreliable person don't give him a loan
he will never return it and the bank
says no and you go to the bank and you
say why not what's wrong with me and the
bank says we don't know the algorithm
said no and we've learned by experience
that if we follow the advice of our
algorithm then we make a lot of money
because people return the loan if we
think we are smarter than the algorithm
then we make mistakes and on an even low
level on the individual level just look
at how people have out sourced decision
about you know navigating your way
around the city you need to go from
point A to point B previously you rely
on your own personal knowledge and gut
instincts over the last few years many
people have learned that it's better to
trust the Google Maps algorithm you
reach an intersection your gut feeling
tells you turn right but Google says no
no no no turn left it's better you say
what does Google know they are stupid
I'll follow my instincts and you're
stuck in traffic and you're late next
time you know better listen to the
algorithm and within a year or two you
lose the ability to navigate space by
yourself because it's basically like a
muscle if you don't use it
you lose it so what's happening now with
things like finding your way around the
city in 50 years it can happen to
finding the country's way around the
financial markets you talk about free
will about it being illusory the self to
a greater or lesser extent being
illusory as well you know that we are a
mass of neurons and synapses and bio
chemicals and the actions of external
environmental actors on those processes
all giving us this this feeling of
ourselves which isn't necessarily true
that there is some sort of captain of
the ship at the at the helm that being
the case why is it so much more of a
threat that another factor could enter
into this system that factor being AI
and these big big data machines well
it's a question of it's not necessarily
bad in many cases it's wonderful if you
think about health care then an AI
system that constantly monitors your
body can give you the best health care
in history at present say if you have
cancer usually you discover it when the
cancer already spread and it's very
difficult and costly and painful to take
care of it but with an AI system that
monitors your body 24 hours a day
it's very likely that we could discover
cancer when it's just beginning and it's
very easy and cheap to cure it so there
are many benefits or to give another
example you think about again about the
road car accidents traffic accidents
today every year 1.25 million people are
killed in traffic accidents around the
world that's twice the number of people
who die from violence from war crime and
terrorism put together and the vast
majority of traffic accidents are
because of human error if you replace
human drivers with self-driving vehicles
and algorithms you want reduced traffic
accidents to zero
but it is likely that at least a million
lives will be saved every year that's
wonderful so I'm not against giving more
authority to AI the question is who is
the master or who the AI who does it
serve does it serve
a small elite of big corporations does
it serve dictatorial governments or does
it serve me the same technology can be
used in very different ways you can use
AI to create a total surveillance regime
of the government controlling the
population and you can reverse the order
and use AI for that citizens to survey
the government and make sure there is no
corruption it can go both ways
oh the same with myself at present most
of these big data are algorithms they
hack mean in the service of some
corporation or government they get to
know my weaknesses so that they can
capture my attention and sell me
products or sell me politicians or make
me waste hours watching funny cat videos
online just so there is more traffic on
the webpage but you can take the same
technology and again reverse the order
and build an AI protector an AI sidekick
that knows my own weaknesses and defends
me against these manipulations I mean
the key effect is to realize that most
of the decisions I make this is not free
will this is my biochemical system which
is hackable and once you realize it you
realize that just as people can hack my
computer so I have an anti-virus
protecting my computer people can hack
my brain also and they are doing it it's
much more valuable than my computer if I
have an anti-virus program for my
computer why do not don't I have one for
my brain and we can we don't do it at
first at present but there are billions
to be made from creating and
antivirus for the brain which for
example in II like to give a simple a
simple example of how it works you surf
the web and suddenly something pops up
and tries to capture your imagination
your attention because it knows your
weaknesses that I don't know you like
cats and you like funny cat videos so it
brings up this funny cat video and
you're just about to be tempted but then
your AI sidekick kicks in and says
somebody is trying to hack you somebody
is trying to manipulate you it blocks
this invasion and you know just as you
get these messages from your computer
that oh I just detected a trojan horse
oh I just detected a warm and in the bit
of it so it will inform you oh you
somebody just try to hack you and I
saved you so the AI can serve you I'd
buy one of those I think yet sounds like
a good idea on the next episode of talk
to Al Jazeera we continue our
conversation on the future of mankind
with historian and author
Yuval Noah Harare
a few years ago you found no Aurora's
Job Description was relatively simple a
professor at Jerusalem's Hebrew
University specializing in medieval
history a decision to broaden his canvas
led to a nonfiction publishing
phenomenon and his elevation to one of
the world's best-known public
intellectuals it came in the form of
sapiens Harare sweeping energizing
history of our species from its birth to
the present day charting the effects of
farming technology and culture in the
formation of what he argues is now one
global civilization it won huge praise
and huge sales eight million and
Counting
next was Hamada Oz an exploration of how
the confluence of big data artificial
intelligence and biotech could radically
alter and divide society and humanity
perhaps ending our species altogether
Harare himself tries to stay at one
removed from the data revolution he
meditates two hours a day he doesn't own
a smartphone now comes a collation of
his recent work essays talks responses
to readers brought together as
twenty-one lessons for the 21st century
although the lessons often read more as
observations of trends that aren't
likely to end well for Homo sapiens
I spoke with Professor Ari recently in
Tel Aviv here's the second part of our
conversation
and you are talking about how this is a
book for right now obviously the
politics of right now are more roiled
than they've been for a while so let's
talk about some of the the major ones
going on at the moment
brexit you talked about the possibility
even likelihood of brexit unraveling the
United Kingdom unraveling the European
Union yeah how how does it unravel from
this point if people lose faith in the
ability to cooperate with others with
other countries they become much more
self-centered then everybody puts their
interests first and it becomes more
harder and harder to cooperate if you
think that down the road we will see
greater and greater cooperation then
you're more willing in the present
moment to compromise your immediate
interests because you say okay in the
long run we are all in this together but
if you think no in the long run
everybody's going their separate ways
then I must protect my interests right
now and this you know it's it's a
vicious circle it's a self-fulfilling
prophecy then the system immediately or
very quickly unravels now I don't think
there is anything inherently wrong with
brexit we say Britain wanting to be
independent from the EU the problem is
really one of timing that at this moment
in history humankind is facing three big
problems
nuclear war climate change and
technological disruption to all these
are global problems they have no
national solutions you cannot prevent
climate change on a national basis you
can reduce your own greenhouse gas
emissions to zero but if the other
countries are not doing the same it
won't help
similarly you cannot regulate AI on a
national basis let's say that one very
dangerous development is developing
killer robots autonomous weapon systems
so every country would say we don't want
to do it we are good guys but we are
afraid that our rivals are doing it
so we have to do it first if you want to
prevent the development and to regulate
the development of killer robots then
you can't do it on a one-sided basis of
the EU of the UK saying we have a ban on
killer robots because if the Chinese are
doing it and the Americans are doing it
very soon the Europeans will be forced
to break their own ban because they
don't want to stay behind so you need
more cooperation not less Bridget was
inspired to some extent to a large
extent by fears of Greater immigration
immigration is a very live issue in the
European Union and and obviously
elsewhere as well you talk in in your
latest book about not for the first time
about culture ISM and about it being
different from from a racist perspective
about it perhaps not being a bad thing
to evaluate cultures hierarchically does
that not give licence to people who
really are just racist and who fear
people unlike them coming into their
zone as as we see in the EU happening at
the moment yeah there is a danger there
of course that the difference between
racism and culture ISM racism is an
argument about biology you say these
people there is something in their blood
there is something in their genes there
is something in their biology which
inevitably makes them complete the
sentence and this cannot be changed it's
in their biology culture ISM is not
about biology it's saying there is
something in their culture their culture
is less respectful of women their
culture is more authoritarian their
culture is whatever and the thing about
arguments on about regarding culture is
that sometimes not always but sometimes
they are correct there are worries there
is no scientific basis for thinking that
there are significant biological
differences between people there are
good scientific there is a good
scientific basis for thinking that there
are significant differences between
cultures if there are notice
between human cultures you can close the
Department of Anthropology in the
history and so forth because you know we
are all the same what's the point of
studying the culture of somebody else it
doesn't mean that every argument about
culture is correct but some of them yes
there are differences between cultures
and sometimes they they make it makes
good political sense to take these
differences into account good political
sense but is it thereby legitimate to
say sorry or the wrong kind of culture
for us because that's obviously a pretty
dangerous political life that's a very
dangerous political idea what we need to
remember that and against biology
culture is not immutable cultures change
and certainly people change even if you
were born into a particular culture it
doesn't mean that for the rest of your
life you can't change your worldview
your morality your behavior within the
lifetime of a person an entire culture
can change in a tremendous way and if
you think about Germany over the last
hundred years so Germany have undergone
so many different cultural changes the
culture of Germany in the time of Hitler
and the culture of Germany in the time
of Merkel is completely different and at
least some of the people are the same
it's the same people same DNA same
climate same geography so culture is far
more mutable but before you jump to the
conclusion well these people they come
from that culture they will never change
so we can't accept them that's going too
far and we're living in a country here
which is home to one of the the highest
profile conflicts in the world between
the Israelis and the Palestinians as
perhaps V or at least one of the leading
Israeli intellectual public
intellectuals out there do you feel that
you have a duty to address more
specifically that conflict and and what
is happening and the justice or
otherwise of either side well I have a a
great of duty napur on a personal level
especially because I live here and I'm a
part of what
part of the conflict as a scientist this
is not my field of expertise I'm not an
expert on Israeli or and Palestinian
politics I am NOT an expert on the
Middle East so I know I have my personal
opinions but I won't put them forward as
I try very much not to be aware of this
confusion that just because I'm an
expert on other things there is a danger
that people will take my personal views
on this subject as an expert opinion
which which it is not so we've been
through a few months of very heightened
clashes in Gaza threat of potential
repeat of what we saw last in in 2014
the US Embassy moved to to Jerusalem the
apparent diminution beyond all
reasonable hope of a two-state solution
so again you know as as a leading public
thinker here how do you view what's
what's been going on the last few months
oh it's it's very bad what is happening
I think that the key issue is that a
tremendous amount of suffering is being
caused for millions of people with no
good reason and with no obvious solution
in sight and when you look at even the
the greater picture of what is happening
in the Middle East and here I I'll try
to speak from my perspective as a global
historian I don't like the global
perspective the entire Middle East is
being left behind with terrible
consequences for the people of the
Middle East for generations to come
we are living through a kind of repeat
of the Industrial Revolution but on even
grander scale in the 19th century the
great revolution which changed
everything in the world was the
Industrial Revolution a few countries
like Britain like France like the u.s.
led this revolution and they dominated
the world for the next century or two
most countries and certainly most of the
countries of the Middle East they missed
the Train and therefore they were
conquered and exploited and oppressed
for two centuries and one of the main
traumas and and main main themes that
you constantly hear in the Middle East
today by Palestinians by Syrians by
Egyptians by Iraqis is this complaint
about how the West exploited us in how
the West conquered us and so forth which
all goes back to this basic fact that
the Middle East did not industrialize on
time and it's now happening again and
the Middle East is again missing the
Train the Chinese have learned the
lesson the Chinese have learned from the
National if they had the same national
trauma and china now has kind of a
one-pointed mind we it's not going to
happen to us again this time this
revolution the a iron revolution we will
lead it and it will be the West who will
be left behind and you see now that they
like that the Europeans are terrified
that the Chinese are getting ahead of
them but in the Middle East everybody
almost everybody are oblivious of that
and despite their their trauma from the
Industrial Revolution they are again
missing the Train and this time it's the
last train I mean with the Industrial
Revolution you still had a chance to
catch up
so China managed to catch up Turkey to a
large extent managed to catch up with
this train of of AI and bio engineering
if you miss this you will never have
another chance because the implications
are so huge this will change humanity
itself and what I see now and I look at
the greater Middle East is that in is
it's almost hopeless and they are kind
of writing their future a future of
subjugation and exploitation and a lot
of anger and hatred but the seeds are
planted now and not by America not by
China not by Japan it's planted by the
people in the Middle East who are not
being aware of what is happening on the
on the greater scale of history let's
stay with with current politics for one
one more question
we should probably congratulate
congratulate each other for not yet
talking about Donald Trump all this way
into this interview but we can't avoid
him if he if his rise to the presidency
is the result of the kind of forces
you've been talking about in a treat a
retreat towards nationalist
old-fashioned tropes in the face of this
great change in the face of a lack of
faith in the in the liberal story that
may be the case but he has a lot of
agency in his role I mean do you see him
what whatever collection of neurons and
biochemical impulses can constitute
Donald Trump do you see him that person
as a potential threat and what kind of
you know how do you view his his his
actions and the consequences thereof
well at present again I don't I'm not an
expert on American politics and I don't
understand what's happening inside the
USA but when you look at the bigger
picture of the world what you can say
about Donald Trump or what he's doing
over the last two years is one very big
an important thing he's doing he's
destroying the u.s. alliance system all
over the world I don't know why he's
doing it but in a very systematic way he
kind of his are there are friends let's
destroy that there are our friends let's
eliminate them these alienating
America's friends in North America
Canada in Mexico in Western Europe in
the in the in the Far East South Korea
Japan is in a systematic way for reasons
I cannot fathom he's destroying the
greatest achievement of the of the u.s.
foreign policy for decades and decades
to build this alliance this global
alliance system which was the basis for
the world order and he doesn't seem to
have an alternative world order to what
will fill the vent of the vacuum when I
listen to what people like Trump like
the bricks eaters like the leaders now
in Italy and in several other countries
what is their vision not of Italy not of
the US not a thing Hungary what will
happen to the world how would the world
look like the other big pressure on that
front is the ever-expanding economic
growth and success of countries that
previously have been the the suppliers
of labor and materials to the to the
richer world and growing middle classes
around the world wanting the same kind
of lives that those in the West have
have been enjoying in the decades up
until now how does the liberal world
order sort of marshal itself to deal
with that because unless you have some
oppressive regime saying no you can't
have that then that's going to
inevitably happen and put put greater
pressure on the resources of the planet
well you it won't work
and it would be extremely unfair to tell
a billion Chinese well you can't live
like Americans because the planet can't
bear it so we continue to live like
Americans but you can't that's that's
not a viable option what you can do is
two things first of all develop new
eco-friendly technologies so you can
have two cars but they cause foul less
pollution you can eat meat but you don't
raise cows in order that every Chinese
can have a steak for dinner you just
grow a steak from cells what is now is
clean meat which causes far less
ecological problems and far less misery
to the cows because there are no cows
and so this is one direction invest in
new eco-friendly technologies the other
direction is to change our understanding
of the good life because even if you
look at the Americans and and their
affluent society it doesn't seem that
you know it really is like the
commercials on television the television
promises you paradise but if you look at
the lives of Americans in many cases it
doesn't really feel like paradise even
if it looks like paradise on TV so I
think we need to recalibrate
our understanding of the good life of
the happy life and to release ourselves
from The Consumerist fantasies which
don't really bring us happiness but do
destroy the planet let's talk about
about animals for a while I mean that
has been a theme of yours as well over
the years here in Israel we have a prime
minister he likes to make PowerPoint
presentations one of them involving the
world's most productive cow if he was
trying to sell it as the world's most
miserable cow which it probably also is
it might not be quite so successful how
urgent do you think the the issue is in
the way that we we treat animals because
this this book which does address our
current moment doesn't really feature
those arguments as strongly as some of
your previous work you've talked about
it potentially being the greatest crime
ever the industrialization of
Agriculture and that the suffering that
it causes so how much of a duty do we
have to address that as well as the as
well as our own plight going forward oh
I think we have a duty towards all
sentient beings both the wild animals
which we are driving to extinction and
the farm animals the domesticated
animals which we have enslaved and that
now are basically we treat them as
machines for producing milk and eggs and
meat for us and they are probably the
most miserable creatures that ever
existed
science now tells us in the clearest way
possible that all mammals and birds have
in mind the conscious sentient beings
they can feel not just physical pain
they can feel loneliness they can feel
fear they can be very very miserable and
our agricultural habits just ignore all
that completely it's just a question of
how do you get the most milk out of that
cow and how much misery we are
inflicting on the cow nobody cares and
people should realize that every glass
of milk
they drink it comes at the cost of
creating a lot of suffering - two cows
and two calves cows never produce milk
for people there is no such thing in
nature you don't see cows producing milk
for wolves or for chimpanzees they don't
produce milk for humans either cows
produce milk for only one reason to feed
their young so the entire dairy industry
is built on getting the cow pregnant she
gives birth to a calf then she produces
milk for the calf but then the humans
separate the car from the calf usually
they slaughter the cow for meat and then
they milk the cow for the milk until it
dries up and you do the cycle over and
over again and aside from the terrible
physical conditions in which the animals
are kept in these cramped tiny cages it
repeatedly the whole industry is based
on breaking the most important bond
emotional bond in the mammal kingdom the
bond between mother and offspring every
glass of milk comes from breaking the
bond between a mother and her offspring
and people just don't know it they go to
the supermarket and take a carton of
milk and they don't see the misery that
is behind this carton so that's the
problem what's the solution is it
advocating veganism and vegetarianism is
it waiting for technological solutions
like the impossible burger you know meat
grown from growing from cells how does
this get sold and and you know what
should we do well on a personal level
you can make a choice to limit your
involvement in the meat and dairy
industry you don't have to go all the
way if you just avoid meat even once
once a week one day a week without meat
it's a good step it's a it's a step in
the right direction
but realistically I don't think you can
convince the whole of humankind to start
avoiding milk and meat and eggs and I
guess for every say Israeli who is now
stopping to eat meat and becoming vegan
there are 10 Chinese who start eating
meat
previously they didn't have the money to
do so so the real solution I guess would
come from technology and what you know
what you call the impossible burger is
not impossible anymore you can grow meat
from cells you don't need a car to have
a steak previously this was the case but
now you can just grow the the meat from
cells and the first clean meat hamburger
hamburger groans from cells cost about
$300,000 this was five years ago now it
costs about $10 and we can hope that
with proper research an investment in 10
years or 15 years you can have clean
meat which tastes like just which is
real meat it's not some plant-based
substitute and which is cheaper more
ecological and far more ethical than
then slaughtered meat finally some of
you your harsh reviewers would have said
that you are good at diagnosing the
trends and the problems but that you
less forthcoming when it when it comes
to proposing solutions yourself against
that by saying that's not really your
job but but how do you answer that
charge well it's it's true it's not
harder to find solutions but it is also
very hard to just pinpoint the problems
and the questions and then to give the
example of brexit the problem with
brexit was not the wrong solution it was
the wrong questions and when you look at
the discussion in the public people
hardly talked about the real problems
about the real issues they hardly talked
about the enormous role of the European
Union in ensuring peace they didn't talk
about whether brexit will help us
regulate AI in bioengineering so the
problem was this that they were
distracted from the main questions so I
see my main job at present in just
bringing clarity by making people focus
on the most important problems then
comes the issue okay so what are the
solutions and actually in in many cases
we do know
what the solutions are it's just
difficult to implement them especially
without global cooperation in with
climate change we do know what are the
solutions it's no longer a big mystery
we know what kind of technologies we
need to develop and we can do it we know
what kind of environmental regulations
we need to enforce and we can do it but
the problem is there is no political
will so and with AI and bioengineering
it's it's far more complicated because
nobody knows where it's going and nobody
knows what what kind of possibilities
are opening before us but even here
there are many things we can do the
problem is the lack of political will
and even more the lack of attention if
people focus on these issues I don't
think the solutions are so difficult you
go hari thank you very much for talking
to Al Jazeera thank you it was my
pleasure
you
