Uganda's pop star turned opposition MP
Bobby wine is facing a charge of treason
his supporters say he was beaten while
in custody as the government faces
protests and widespread condemnation so
what's behind the recent unrest this is
inside story
welcome to this edition of inside story
I'm Sahil Raman perhaps the best-known
face of the Ugandan Opposition Bobby
wine is in custody once again facing a
charge of treason which carries the
death penalty the singer who became an
MP last year has been a strong critic of
President Yoweri Museveni who's been in
power since 1986
his arrest last week led to widespread
protests and a crackdown by state forces
and when he showed up in court on
Thursday
wine showed signs of injuries his
supporters say that he was beaten while
in military custody while we have a lot
to discuss with our guest but first this
report from Catherine's saw in the
Ugandan capital Kampala this is the man
many Ugandan had been wanting to see for
view wine a popular musician and member
of Parliament's appeared as a military
court in the north and town of
good-looking weak and in pain he had
been in military cassadee's since last
Wednesday who was arrested following
violence in local election campaigns in
the north after President Yoweri
Museveni Zomato kid was attacked the
state withdrew the military related
charges of possession of firearms and
ammunition
you are accordingly set free unless
being held on higher charges it was an
emotional moment for wine but he was not
really free immediately taken to a
magistrate's court where he was charged
with treason to the person of the
president of the Republic of Uganda
unlawfully image and threw stones
thereby heating and smashing the rear
windscreen of the presidential car in
Kampala the government's deployed police
and soldiers in
some parts of the city that I've seen as
hot spots including where we are right
now who are trying to prevent people
from gathering or trying to get to the
town center security forces also blocked
several opposition politicians from
leaving their homes
he's a passage and opposition leader who
has been arrested and detained often
over the years was again taken by police
he had earlier talked to the media
cutting off ten people cannot be cutting
off forty million people so people
wherever they yeah they must be able to
do what they can with what they have the
magistrate in Gulu ordered that wine get
sergeant medical care and that doctors
be allowed and hindered access to him he
will remain in custody until the end of
the month when he appears in court with
32 others also charged with treason all
the while he supporters in Gulu cheered
him on saying the won't relent and tell
history Catherine saw a al-jazeera
kampala before we bring in our guest
let's take a quick look at Uganda's
political history it gained independence
from Britain in 1962 with Milton Obote
take as Prime Minister in 1971
about a was toppled in a military coup
led by army chief Idi Amin Amin's time
in power included the expulsion of
Asians and the deaths of hundreds of
thousands of his own people in 1979
Tanzania invaded Uganda forcing Amin to
flee the country
a year later Milton about a regained
power after elections and became
president but five years later he was
deposed in another military coup and in
1986 National Resistance Army rebels
took Kampala and installed urema Cerveny
as president and he's been in power ever
since
but we'll talk to our guests in a moment
but first let's go over to the Ugandan
capital Kampala where we're joined on
the telephone line by opposition MP Alan
says one llaman good to have you with us
on Inside Story sir can you tell us what
the situation is like on the ground it
must be quite tense yeah of course the
situation is not okay it is quite tense
since the 13th of this month where we
had an election campaign gone bad in
Aurora and some of our members of the
Opposition who are going to campaign for
a remember we arrested by police after
killing one of the drivers who are
driving one of the members Parliament
some of them we arrested from guru and
others we are escapes from any carry
ballots in Kampala over allegations of
inciting various and some of them
treason and another one who never
brought a blonde or having weapons which
is against the laws of this country
because we are the opposition we have
had such problems and you know what
comes along with opposing a government
which doesn't allow freedom of movement
freedom of speech and cannot give peace
to the your position if this is the
underbelly if this is if this is the
underbelly of what you're experiencing
right now as a member of the opposition
and from the phone calls you must have
been having with many of your supporters
across Uganda how do you feel about your
own safety considering what's happened
to Bobby wine of course I'm much
concerned more on my 50 because we have
been into this together
we've been opposing the government
together live the same age and the main
problem that we are causing to the
government now since we are youths we
call on the message to the youths and
they take it too much I'm concerned I'm
not safe anymore because I know that
what I do is watched by government and
that's why even to get me on phone it
has been a problem to you we don't have
any security we do
anything we are always been taken to
prisons and police like yesterday when I
tried to go on now it means a good
session of my friend Lonnie I was
arrested at home which clearly states
that I'm not safe either we are getting
many problems our supporters are being
beaten you see they began pitman from
their homes and being arrested some have
been killed so we are a tougher time in
Uganda due to the politics which is not
going on well indeed I think you color a
very concerning picture for the global
audience who are watching this edition
of inside story Allen SAS one llaman
thanks very much for joining us from
Kampala sir well let's bring in our
guest now from London we have Joseph
machinae he's a commentator on African
affairs in the Ugandan capital Kampala
Rose Bela quagga Mary a blogger and
writer on African issues and affairs and
also in London Alex vines who's the head
of the Africa program at Chatham House
welcome to all of my guests
Rosabelle I start with you because we
heard what an opposition MP is thinking
and saying and feeling in the capital
that you come from this evening how much
concern is there amongst the public and
on social media about what's going on
thank you for having me they're really
the mood in Kampala like the Honorable
MP has said it's really tense you
garments were shaking yesterday seeing
images of Bobby why and who could hardly
walk by himself he was on crutches and
for a whole week we've been looking at
images of another MP who is in hospital
and it's been on life support so the
mood is really tense and people are
really afraid of what future will have
if elections are do-or-die indeed those
elections 2021 josephus fear let me
bring you in from London I mean how much
of a threat can a songwriter singer ex
rapper really be he's a shocker isn't he
so Hill yes I think in in context this
is really not new 7 who's been in power
for 32 years
he came to power violently but he also
used violence for the first 10 years of
his government to suppress the
Democratic opposition of a period of
time coming to about 20 years when the
traditional recent opposition like his a
best Jay came in he was one of their own
basically got as much beating as many of
these opposition leaders have had what
is new is that Bobby wine is relatively
young as your other guests seem to
suggest but also to because he came from
a Sacco that was supposedly unknown he
was three years old when we Sabin came
to power so I think there is an element
of impunity and compressors in
government but the fact that this guy
came in stood as an independent MP went
to Parliament he's now supported two
independent candidates and they've won
and he's able to stand up he's a singer
he's an artist
and by the way he's also able to talk to
articulate without prejudice where in
politics we probably assume that artists
are not necessarily guys would actually
play intellectual rigour when it comes
to political 'ti it is substantially new
what is it it is the case that the
international community is now joining
all Ugandan and listening to the kind of
messages that really has been across the
country for the last nearly 32 years and
that is what's going on it is a new it's
being impacted thanks to social media
indeed we'll talk about what the
international community saying hopefully
later in the program Alex finds can I
bring you in here from London as well
how much of a breath of fresh air is
Bobby why and how much of a threat is
the tumour Sevigny in that lead-up to
presidential elections in 2021 oh no mr.
Mercer Bernie is is nervous he's worried
he has been as the previous speaker said
been in power since 1986 so over 30
coming up to 30 years old
that's a tremendously long period of
time and there's a desire for change as
a desire for change in Uganda
particularly because so many Ugandans
the majority of them were born after mr.
Museveni became president so there's an
there is a desire for a new narrative
new politics
new ways of doing things and somebody
that doesn't come from the stable of of
liberation if it's the way we call it
for from the National Resistance Army
background is something that's
completely new mr. massive Oni will be
very concerned about his chances for a
sixth term and Alex how important is he
one when the election
next hot Alex how important is the youth
vote it in recent elections in Pakistan
we saw how important social media and
the youth vote were a youth vote where
they weren't following the the
designated political parties here in in
in Uganda we're seeing the same sort of
trend where we have a generation who
won't remember actually say the
liberation so to speak are of Uganda
from various military coos and and
democratically elected governments as
and when they were how influential are
is such a young population in Uganda at
the moment when they have someone like
Bobby wine who speaks their language
yeah I mean Bobby wine is a charismatic
young politician he speaks their
language he is the the standard bearer
of change and representing new politics
and so plenty of Ugandan swill will be
interested within him
not only that I think there's
international interest because of this
and also we have to look at the
historical pattern that's developing the
pattern that we're seeing at the moment
across Africa is that long-standing
leaders like mr. Museveni are
increasingly under pressure a couple of
long-standing leaders left office last
year this is a trend we're going to see
continuing as these leaders get older
and older and more divorced from the
politics of youth indeed I mean
Rosabelle in Kampala Bobby wine seems to
cross cultural barriers and doesn't
really care about tribal affiliations or
political divides even if somebody is
fighting a member a seat in parliament
and he's not from Bobby wines party
Bobby is still supporting him and that's
very important it's sharing sort of a
cross political support that wasn't in
Ugandan politics before is that correct
and how is that resonating amongst again
the younger generation or even the older
generation how are they viewing this I
think you have to realize Uganda is the
second youngest country in the world
with an average age of 19 Bobby wine
came to the national scene around early
2003 through his music so
we grew pretty much myself
university-based grew up on Bobby wines
music and that's the experience the
first experience and his music slowly
began to appeal to the political to
carry political messages and you have
see also his story he grew up in an
informal settlement in the suburbs of
Kampala
in fact he's locally known as the gates
of president
so he's adored and in people can see he
can articulate their issues he knows
what it needs to come from the trenches
and be somebody and seats in a place
where nobody expected you to be and
bring your own table bring your own
seats to the table he has done that to
the status quo so that's the story young
new Ghana's relates to rather than
somebody who was part and parcel of the
military of the current establishment
they are seeing a new face somebody they
can relate to finally and he cuts across
tribal lines because we have an young
generation that very much can see beyond
tribal lines Jason I bring you in here
because it's all very well so he's a
fresh young face are on the political
stream but if you take away gun charges
and then you charge him with treason
which is potentially a capital crime but
you put him behind bars you take that
face away from the potential electorate
how dangerous the game is the government
playing right now with these charges
extremely dangerous of course they've
been to this before and obviously as
rosebery Roosevelt would suggest and
like I said much earlier we've been at
this game for the last 33 years the only
difference is that we're not covering
them on al Jazeera you know the truth is
that was heavily charged people with
treason from as early as 1986 from some
of his many friends so people who've
been charged with treason who's risen
again in their hundreds perhaps so Kizza
Besigye himself was charged with treason
many of this would have been from tragic
trumped-up charges the more you charge
people like Bobby won and there's a case
of this world and put them in prison the
more you make it much more difficult the
reality today is it's not even perhaps
about even Bobby wine per se it is very
much about where uganda is at the moment
and in fact we talk about the questions
of identities and even ideological
divides you know
about that Uganda is a very much focused
about basically wanting change
physically wanting anybody anything they
would latch on to to basically simply
say not roomis heaven to the extent that
actually people now came into the
streets of London across the world in in
unprecedented numbers they were really
not caring about Bobby wine paths a man
lies that was substantial but most
importantly they simply just tired so
anything they were line you to at the
moment is about Bobby wine if they go
beyond where they did an activist
independently they quite surprised me I
don't know who advises this government
these days that they actually did what
they did last week if they did anything
far worse than what they've so far done
today they'll make the situation worse
for themselves
it Alex I bring you in here because the
International reaction to this is pretty
varied we've seen demonstrations by MPs
in neighboring Kenya we have question
marks as to whether the Commonwealth or
even the African Union will make any
statements but the u.s. certainly has
and it says in its text smell in it's a
social media message it decried the it
decried the brutal treatment of MPs
journalists and other security forces by
the incumbent government and when you
have musicians such as Chris Martin
Chrissie Hynde Brian Eno and the african
great femi kuti also getting in weighing
in on this arrest and the situation in
Uganda again it there is concern there
is there not in the international realms
though that there is look Uganda is seen
as an anchor state it's a country that
has seen a significant degree of
stability since the 80s and there has
been significant investment it is a
rough neighborhood it's got South Sudan
next to it it's got the Democratic
Republic of the Congo as a neighbor but
there is increasing concern that mister
Museveni after so many terms in office
is increasingly becoming a source of
instability I think the reading is that
his own ambition mr. massive eni's
vision is probably to remain in office
for many more years and maybe die of
natural causes in office that's not a
sustainable
proposition so I can see increasing
international signaling that that things
need to change in Uganda that the
reality though is things will only in
change Ugandan in Uganda a few gardens
themselves grafts grass the opportunity
and I think clearly the new politics
that's happening
partly van guarded by Bobby wine is that
exactly what is occurring would you
think I'm mister Museveni really doesn't
want to countenance any you know any
exit and you know his convinced he will
be elected or re-elected should I say in
2021 certainly wasn't trying to
interrupt you there Alex let's just
bring up to speed with some more
information for our viewers back at home
because Uganda has a population of over
thirty four million people with more
than three-quarters of them under the
age of 30 as has been mentioned earlier
in this conversation agriculture is an
important part of the economy employing
one third of Ugandan but an estimated 14
point two million people absolutely half
the population are thought to be living
in extreme poverty
Roosevelt leading in from what Alex just
said there about you know what the
population must really need and what the
international community looking at if we
just look at you know in your
neighborhood of Zimbabwe and we saw and
we still see that over the the Mugabe
regime there was still a great deal of
poverty a great deal of angst among the
public because they wanted to see their
lives better
I mean the average wage for household
according to the Ugandan National
Household Survey of 2016 that's the most
recent we have is forty five dollars a
month
it's one percent GDP and eighty five
percent of the population are in
informal paid work I mean they're
terrible statistics for a country that
is rich in resources and potential and
and a lot of the population where you I
really just don't feel as if they're
part of that growth I think you have to
realize that we have a very high youth
unemployment in this country and several
reports from the world by from other
agencies show that for every three
Uganda's that have managed
go out of the poverty to keep the
poverty line two of them fall back
because there are no social security
mechanisms so young people compose the
majority of those people who fall back
into poverty and they're increasingly
and you know agitated with that every
day you have hundreds of Ugandan lining
up at our airports going to the Middle
East to do educated you garnon's with
graduate degrees to do simple labor jobs
to be housed helps to do domestic work
and that really shows the dire need of
any economic reform that is necessary to
turn things around but unfortunately the
government of President Museveni is well
known for its financial hemorrhage of
this nation he runs a very highly
political political system that benefits
him where he has to reward his people
the people he chooses with a lot of
money he just paid off a lot of
legislators for him to pass to remove
the age limit which would have deterred
him from running again so he has a lot
of ways he finds ways to all these
monies that find the way to his
supporters but they don't find their way
to the budget Alliance and to invest in
the key areas which are supposed to
spark their necessary development we
seen a constitutional change Joseph
where the president's terms now will
continue though and I'm quoting here
from 2012 to a local television station
where he said that he did not want to
lead you down to beyond the age of 75 we
know that's not going to happen one has
to sort of work in the realms of
hypotheticals now to a certain extent
and we've seen people and people in
power in Africa deposed by the military
Uganda is no stranger to that what is
the role of the military at the moment
are they in the 7yz pocket or are they
an independent group that can think for
themselves if the situation with the
public gets worse Uganda is perhaps the
most unique only followed by a Ronda the
Army's basically Museveni's baby mobile
wine as you hear if they talk about the
Gunma seven immediately mentioned
anything to do with guns he gets scared
he's the former police chief who's
himself
a general he's actually facing trial
today gun related part of this is
actually linked to the do politics of
the region where mu 7 and Kagame are not
particularly good friends within with
each other and all of both of them
actually accusing the other of wanting
to to ferment opposition to the other
you can't read into between that but the
quandary alex was making about stability
that's part of the challenge for us in
Africa you know Australia has had the
the fourth Prime Minister since 2010
Australia's not instead unstable in
Africa and particularly in Uganda we
were graced with no 7-way the the the
narrative of stability was used to
actually entrench one man in in in power
and Museveni directly responsible really
for most of the instability in the
region but stability in africa when in
Islamist means one person who's able to
hold state power but using military
might backed by an lied by the West it
becomes a rather unfortunate for us
going forward though mu-7 dint as I said
know that know that he would be
challenged in this way the reality is
that he fears that come the next
elections the the threshold is such that
perhaps it might even be harder for him
to get 51% of the vote and therefore be
taken to second round and Ugandan will
run around whoever is the alternative
and that alternative is likely going to
be backed by the vast majority of young
people so it's this care for him okay
Alex don't continue for the last
questions were at the end of the program
nearly if we fast so to the future we
don't know and what that will bring if
wine is incarcerated and sentenced to
death for treason house cope how's that
going to play out former 7yz government
and also within the domestic public do
you think and the international
community I think it will be very
difficult for Uganda I think that you'll
get Western countries don't regard
Uganda as strategic so there can be a
moral element to their foreign policy
and the Ugandan economy is very
vulnerable it's not as a strong economy
it needs foreign direct investment it is
in a difficult neighborhood so I I hope
that the Ugandan government will think
very carefully on how it progresses at
the moment because it is a vulnerable
economy and if the economy deteriorates
further that would in turn impact on the
politics even more it would exacerbate
things even further for mister mister
so this is a really important watershed
moment for the country I think in its
future political trajectory well I think
your other guests as well on the show
although nodding in agreement and there
unfortunately we have to leave it I'd
like to thank all of my guests Josefa
Sheena Roosevelt quag Omari and Alex
vines for joining me on this edition of
inside story and thank you for watching
you can see the program again any time
by visiting our website at aljazeera.com
and for further discussion go to our
Facebook page that's at facebook.com
forward slash al Jazeera Inside Story
you can also join the conversation on
twitter our handle is @h a inside story
from Easter hill run and the entire
inside story team thanks very much for
your time and your company bye for now
