this is a United Nations video of a 13
year old boy and man Gina the epicenter
of the latest Ebola outbreak in the
Democratic Republic of Congo man Gina is
also a conflict zone journalist
conquered and safely so the UN films
they all died of Ebola it was my entire
family it was my mom initially and then
my sisters and aunts followed another is
in the hospital I've lost eight family
members this month Ebola has spread from
the town of Mangena across two provinces
and is now in six locations the area
sits at Stage four on the UN Security
scale Stage five is evacuate immediately
it requires a daily risk assessment of
how to reach people for vaccinations
investigations and psychosocial care 53
children have been orphaned in the
outbreak I can't just kill myself I must
continue to live even in this situation
the World Health Organization has 150
staff in eastern DRC this week for the
first time health workers used a
military escort to reach a town where a
doctor had died of Ebola because which
is almost entirely surrounded by one of
the main insurgency groups called the
ADF on pretty much all sides of the town
and there's been many security issues
including large civilian deaths the ATF
or Ally democratic forces as a Ugandan
rebel group its fighters ambushed a UN
base in December killing 15 peacekeepers
where the ADF is the UN isn't which
opens up blind spots for Ebola detection
and treatment but where conflict is
complicating the response science is
helping it for 40 years
Ebola has been incurable with a 50%
fatality rate but now a breakthrough
more than a dozen people are being
successfully treated with two
experimental drugs another three
treatments have been approved for use
the decision is made of which drug to
use based on
the condition of the patient the
informed consent of the patient and a
group of clinicians who are advising the
treating finished physician 1300 others
have been vaccinated immunizing
populations against Ebola has only
become routine this year proving
successful in an earlier outbreak some
2,000 kilometers away in the western
border province of Ecuador but the
concern remains health workers can
immunize against Ebola but not against
the threats of an active conflict zone
charlotte Bellis al-jazeera
