Saudi Arabia is reportedly looking to
borrow money from international banks to
help stabilize its economy according to
the Financial Times that he either
seeking 11 billion dollars in loans the
decision comes after plans to list at
state two owned oil company Aramco in
the stock market were delayed Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman was looking
to use the new revenue to launch
economic reforms including investing in
high-tech companies like uber and Tesla
Aramco is thought to be the world's
largest oil company but a drop in oil
prices and the war in Yemen have
affected Saudis economy well let's get
more on this now we're joined by fami
Hamdi editor-in-chief of international
interest at so current affairs analysis
news website and he's joining us live
from London mr. Hamdi always good to
have you with us on al Jazeera so it was
listing shares in Aramco that it's not
now it needs to borrow money and what's
going on in Saudi Arabia how much
trouble is the economy in I think what
we have to remember first and foremost
is the context with which the IPO was
originally announced it was technically
designed to build confidence to show the
world that nothing is off-limits that
sad ruby is genuinely sincere in its
pursuit for diversification so I think
it wanted to leverage this particular
piggy bank it was also designed to
garner support from Donald Trump to help
boost the foreign policy by dangling
Aramco as a potentially being listed in
the New York Stock Exchange since
however the announcement of an IPO
things have changed one the oil prices
have started to go back up as opposed to
being low as they were before but also
Saudi Arabia finds that Donald Trump is
having more and more domestic troubles
and that their foreign policy that they
built around him is now under threat in
other words it doesn't want to give up a
stake in its state secrets a stake in
its biggest cash cow to anybody it wants
to be able to navigate the difficulties
that it faces let's remember that's in
Pakistan they lost an ally in Nawaz
Sharif and emerald car has become Prime
Minister
they've lost an ally in Najib Razak in
Malaysia now they have maja to Mohammed
who is revamping this particular foreign
policy but also Mohammed Vinson man the
crown prince of Saudi Arabia faces
severe domestic troubles this
soif of political imprinted prisoners
from suffering hawaiian is a manner
order our than gurney abdul aziz
attorney fish eliminate the wish all of
these other various religious
authorities who have lamented muhammad
said man's drive towards a
liberalisation of the particular society
Mohammed bin Salman doesn't want to
oppress Saudi society too hard a
decision of this scale of this magnitude
of the Aramco IPO could have severe
ramifications for Mohammed an innocent
man domestically and also probably the
most important factor in all of this is
that there was a stark difference in
valuation of Aramco the Saudis won't
even get closer to 2 trillion yeah
whereas everybody else was seeing that
it will probably only amount of a
trillion or perhaps round about that
particular figure the Saudis are very
upset at the valuations that they were
receiving so at the end of the day if
they're not going to get the money that
they want for our uncle why put it up
for our appeal just get the loans then
navigate your way that way and so now
that they're going to ask up
international banks to borrow some 11
billion dollars even those how the
Arabia has one of the biggest sovereign
wealth funds in the world how much would
you say saw these troubles right now are
because of those domestic issues that
you mentioned and how much of their woes
are related to their foreign policy and
their to their foreign policy I think
what is difficult to ascertain is
whether the Saudis were ever really
genuine in enlisting Aramco in New York
or in Singapore or anywhere really and
whether this was mainly a PR stunt in
order to encourage investment the
reality is that with Trump wavering in
the u.s. annually is unsure what the
future looks like because a Democrat
president or an Obama s president will
probably be prophet our anti blockade
he'll probably be anti Saudi a foreign
policy and requests reforms in Saudi
Arabia without giving anything in
exchange I think this is the key issue
the cost Erica Saudi doesn't feel that
good enough in exchange they still
severe scrutiny on issues such as Yemen
they still severe scrutiny on its
domestic issues on the imprisonments
that it feels is necessary in order to
force through those reforms and it also
feels that international allies are not
committed to the reforms in Saudi Arabia
and the proof is that for them is Canada
which is
unable to turn a blind eye to what
saudi-arabia sees as necessary measures
in order to keep society and check if
it's going to push through these
particular reforms so I think with
regards to sounding it's in a very
difficult position and now that it looks
around itself it thinks do or should I
give up my main weapon which is Aramco
and with oil prices started to go up
should I give that up to foreign
investors to foreign markets to foreign
governments who might seek to invest in
it or should I keep that to myself
should I protect the state secrets as to
how much reserves I actually have
remember our uncle is an opaque we have
organizations and the requirements of
New York would require them to release
information that Saudi Arabia doesn't
want to release do I really want to give
this I give this up I think Mohammed
listen man now is in a situation whereby
he is seeking to adapt his foreign
policy but he doesn't know how to do it
all right I understand Elena Runkle I
feel is part of this Drive mr. Hamdi we
thank you as always for your time and
your expertise unfortunately we have run
out of time that is Sammy Humvee joining
us live from London thank you
