if you head north we're gonna hit this
sites for years Alvaro and seaso has
been scouring the Sonoran Desert with
one goal in mind the Colombian born
artist wants to expose its secrets by
honoring the dead along with a team of
volunteers
Alvaro's planted 600 crosses each
represents a life lost on a deadly
frontier when the families see that
cross there's somebody here that cares
I'm doing this to sort of give them a
little bit of a voice to the casualties
to the Fallen Heroes you know that to me
they are fallen heroes to come all the
way from there to leave everything
behind to look for a better life here
it's uh it's it's quite a quite a
journey that should be venerated in some
way Alvarez works inspired by Arizona's
so-called death map it's a joint project
between state officials and activists
that shows close to 3,000 people have
died in the last 15 years
this desert covers an area of more than
a quarter of a million square kilometers
in the summertime temperatures exceed a
hundred degrees at night it gets very
cold and yet those seeking a better life
continue to try and cross and they
continue to lose their lives what's
happening here in the borderlands of
Arizona is nothing short of a
humanitarian crisis you can see we have
some of them long bones from the lower
extremities and we have portions of the
pelvis around one in three of those
found go unidentified but Coroner
Gregory Hess who helped develop the map
wants to change that yep somebody's
missing and people are looking for them
clearly that provide can provide a sense
of closure if they are found even if it
is kind of tragic but it also provides
us a sense of satisfaction to try to
answer those questions for families
activists say whilst the number of
illegal crossings has fallen migrants
are being forced to take bigger risks
this is a consequence of paramilitary
techniques being used over 15 years of
death mapping what we see people are
dying closer to the International Line
and farther from towns and roads we are
literally pushing people to their death
the Sonoran Desert has a secret 3,000
people have died here
mm our missing alvaro will continue to
plank crosses in the desert but says he
doesn't have enough to pay tribute to
those who lost their lives and the
Gallic are aljazeera Tucson Arizona
