three strikes and you're out the term
taken from the American sport of
baseball has meant life behind bars
for thousands of non-violent repeat
offenders in California studies indicate
nonviolent inmates imprisoned under the
law which was enacted in 1994 are
disproportionately black and many are
mentally ill some are serving life
sentences for offenses as trivial as
shoplifting stealing a bottle of liquor
or possessing small amounts of narcotics
now California plans to allow
approximately 4,000 third-strike inmates
to seek parole
none are guaranteed release and a
Corrections Department spokeswoman said
they will undergo rigorous public safety
screening before parole board decisions
are made California voters approved
changing the three strikes law two years
ago but the state's Governor Jerry Brown
has challenged the changes in court
Brown has agreed to drop further legal
action lawyers representing non violent
offenders sentenced under the law called
the decision monumental what this really
does is it recognizes that some of these
people are the lowest risk prisoners in
the California state prison system
they've done it meant amount of
programming they've done immense amount
of education work while they're in
prison and bye-bye the prison systems
own risk assessment these people are
disproportionately low risk to reoffend
once they're released in the community
state records show that nonviolent
third-strike prisoners released in an
earlier round of paroles were much less
likely to commit additional crimes once
they were back in society 27 US states
besides California have three strikes
and you're out laws they were enacted
during a time when it was very
politically popular to appear tough on
crime there had been an epidemic of
violence due to crack cocaine in many
American cities in the late 1980s and
early 1990s and these laws were passed
at that time since then of course the
crime rate nationwide has dropped very
significantly and social scientists and
criminologists are still trying to
figure out the reasons for that decline
rob reynolds al jazeera los angeles
