after the hard fighting of the
revolution
this was Nicaragua's new start they
called it the literacy crusade in 1980
95 thousand people many of them
youngsters headed to the country's most
isolated regions to help the half of the
population that couldn't read or write
it became a national obsession built
around uniting rich and poor young and
old 18 year-old Gabriella trekked to the
small village of Lasker skeeters she
stayed for five months and taught among
others
Franziska them for tea she'd never been
to school no one knew how to read it was
the saddest thing I remember when she
was with us I was so happy and so sad
when she left my girls gone I said on
this day 38 years ago the crusade
finished many consider it the
revolutions greatest triumphs literacy
rate soared it changed a generation ELYX
then only 11 was one of the youngest
volunteers Osama we thought with the
triumph of the revolution everything was
possible that we could do anything and
the crusade was just the first step but
the volunteers we talked to feel that
things didn't work out that way the
party of the revolution is in power but
it's accused of eroding the country's
democracy and in the last four months
imprisoning and even killing some of
those who oppose it the son that leads
the party still has a fair amount of
support this March almost thirty years
after they first took power is a
testament to that the hope and the eye
ilysm of those early years seems to have
leaked away when gabriella looks back on
this the anniversary of the crusade it's
with sadness at a great plan gone awry
no no lucha ma we didn't struggle and
sacrifice ourselves for this if the
revolution saw the seed of rebellion of
fighting for ours rights in the last 4
months with the political crisis those
rights are being crushed by the
government I feel that it's losing sight
of what was once the revolutions dream
amid the country's current troubles the
dreamers of the revolution can at least
hold on to a time they say they shape
them for life John Holman al-jazeera man
our work
