he once said he'd take a bullet for
Donald Trump
now Michael Cohen is offering to help in
an investigation the president has
repeatedly called a witch hunt on
Tuesday Donald Trump's longtime lawyer
and fixer pleaded guilty to campaign
finance violations Cohen told the court
he was directed by Trump to make
payments to two women he's alleged to
have had affairs with Cohen's lawyer
says the 51 year old is now more than
happy to help Special Counsel Robert
Molly's investigation into alleged
collusion between the Trump campaign and
Russia my observation is that Michael
Cohen knows information that would be of
interest to the special counsel in my
opinion regarding both knowledge about a
conspiracy to corrupt American democracy
by the Russians Robert Mullins
investigation centers on a meeting
between Trump campaign aides in a
Russian delegation that promised a dish
political dirt on Hillary Clinton
Cohen's lawyer has indicated his client
has direct knowledge of the meeting with
claims Donald Trump knew it was
happening something that presidents
denied if the president knew about it
and there's other evidence in addition
to Michael Cohen just basically saying
it on his own
then the president at this point could
be went his way when a very fast pace to
impeachment at the first press briefing
since Cohen's appearance in court
Sarah Huckabee Sanders says the
president has nothing to hide as the
president has stated on numerous
occasions he did nothing wrong there are
no charges against him in this and just
because Michael Cohen made a plea deal
doesn't mean that that implicates the
President on anything on the same day
Cohen pled guilty in New York the
president's former campaign manager Paul
Manafort was found guilty on eight
charges of tax and bank fraud both cases
sprang from mullahs team leading one
republican to say it's proof mullahs
investigation is anything but a
witch-hunt
Democrats say Trump's legal woes are far
from over
to take a step back president Trump's
campaign manager was convicted of
federal crimes president Trump's
personal attorney pled guilty to federal
crimes president Trump's first national
security adviser pled guilty to federal
crimes a foreign policy adviser to his
Payne pled guilty to federal crimes and
more trials are coming these two court
cases may now be the biggest threat to
donald trump's presidency Cohen's lawyer
says his client is now liberated to
speak truth to power and there are
unconfirmed reports Cohen has tapes
Trump's base will remain loyal but with
November's midterm elections approaching
the stakes have never been higher and a
Gallacher al Jazeera at the White House
