a special Mass for Robert Chang gulang
popularly known by his musical stage
name Bob wine he's been in military
detention for a week after chaos broke
out in the north and town of Aurora
where President Yoweri Museveni convoy
was attacked in local election campaigns
Bobby wines driver was shot and killed
another politician is in intensive care
in hospital and several people who are
also arrested have been charged with
treason
whines family and lawyers say he was
tortured by the military due to the
torment the torture one of his kiddin
was busted we've never done a CT scan to
check the head which was bleeding
through the years they have not checked
the bones of the legs they have not
checked the stomach maybe even the other
side of the kidney our demand right now
is to give us body wine so that we can
take care of him there have been
sporadic protests in the capital and
other parts of the country since his
arrest there was a rousing reception for
Kizza Besigye
an opposition leader who has been
arrested many times over the years he
says he too has been tortured by
security forces this country is a
captive country we live in a country
where we have no power the power of
abundance was captured and is controlled
by those with guns Bob Irwin will be
tried by the military because of the
nature of his charges possession of
firearms and ammunition which only the
military are allowed to have many people
who attended prayers for while believe
the charges were fabricated they want
him released others say if he has a case
to answer then it has to be in a
civilian court
Catherine saw a al-jazeera Kampala
