some political analysts are calling it
the most important court battle in
Zimbabwe
since the Morgan Tsvangirai treason
trial more than 10 years ago the main
opposition leader nelson tamizha is
challenging president msemen and Ganga's
election win at the Constitutional Court
people who weren't inside court watched
the proceedings from home bars and
restaurants although results show that
men and Gaga won by a narrow margin
opposition supporters are hoping the
judges will declare Misa the winner I'm
hoping they will go through the evidence
as a necessary and give what's just
outcome hoping in favor to me so maybe
the case is seen as a test of the
independence of the country's highest
court once judges make a ruling the
verdict cannot be appealed I think the
court they must do it in good faith so
that everyone must be satisfied after
the ruling of the court no matter which
party is it or no matter which candidate
is it no matter what circumstances or
anything that that is yeah he has been
happening before I think we are just
expecting everything to be free and fair
the opposition says there was a massive
doctrine of results it was the court
order a fresh election or declare the
main opposition leader Nelson chamois
said the winner lawyers representing the
rulings on APA Party say the
opposition's case is weak we believe
that the results will not fake at all
and it's now for the court to decide
which version of the two versions is
acceptable passed on the evidence that
the court has before it in its ruling
the Constitutional Court could now throw
the case out declare a new winner or
order a fresh election within 60 days
the main opposition leader now
essentially so says if he loses this
case he'll ask the regional body static
in the African Union and the United
Nations to intervene and let's say he
could try and push for a power-sharing
deal with zonna PF but officials in the
ruling party say that's not going to
happen
judgment has been reserved nine judges
will rule on the matter Friday afternoon
Jara Matassa
al Jazeera Hari
