hi fme okay and you're in the stream
today we continue our series on
indigenous views so what does it mean
digital superhero actually look like and
why does that representation matter and
well it could be loud there's a lot to
discuss today and I'll be looking out
for your comments and your questions
online to meet us at a de stream or join
our YouTube chat and the director of the
American Indian law clinic at the
University of Colorado and you are in
the stream indigenous representation a
mainstream popular culture is usually
relegated to subplots mistakes or
shaman's making a brief appearance to
impart some kind of wisdom an indigenous
community is often used to represent
backwardness and complex histories and
rich cultures are reduced and
romanticized brats have a look in our
studio we have black stories and
characters from indigenous and First
Nation communities all conceived and
brought to us by indigenous artists and
storytellers Malika well superhero
stories and more are now being written
by and for indigenous communities not
toned down not furthering stereotypes
they are instead building representation
have a look at Eragon star a Kickapoo
singer and writer and creator of the
super Indian comic series this is what
she has to say the reason I created
super Indian was because I was tired of
seeing negative stereotypes about Native
Americans and mainstream comics I wanted
to create a character that had Native
American authenticity and also you know
within the artwork and also within the
writing as for the future of our
indigenous superheroes I predict that
there are going to be way more than
there are now they're going to be more
complex more shades of gray they'll have
access to a lot of high tech there'll be
future isms it's going to be great stick
around you're going to want to see what
we do arrogance stop
if I ever need some time off you can
come and sit here thank you for that
great start to our show there's so much
to talk about
joining us from Albuquerque New Mexico
we have Lee Francis he's the CEO
publisher of Native realities he also
founded the indigenous comic-con that's
held in New Mexico in the United States
in Silva del Washington State Jeffrey
Vera ji is a Native American comic
artist and designer and in Winnipeg
Canada Sonya Valentine is a writer and
filmmaker welcome to the stream all of
you start this conversation doing it
right back to you so when it comes to
indigenous comic influences our
community has a lot to say and we ask
them which characters stand out for them
Aaron writes in there's gateway from the
x-men series and for our audience it
isn't familiar with gateway this is him
from the Marvel fandom universe
he's an indigenous Australian this is a
closer look at gateway Lee is this
character stand out for you when it
comes to a good indigenous superhero I
think there's a bunch of things that
I've seen where where I really
appreciate the ways in which you know a
lot of stuff that came out of Marvel and
folks because we weren't writing or
drawing this stuff but you know I think
even to my you know my indigenous
relations there's still some trophy
nough surround the character you know
the the idea of you know sort of that
Aboriginal you know the the things that
we've seen throughout their histories
being used as sort of the power base I
think it's a double-edged sword and I
think that that's you know what we've
really been trying to just be keen about
like really intentional about in in our
representations not only through what we
publish but also when we're trying to
bring in you know cop car everybody like
we actually put some of these positions
so now I want to show you a character
from your childhood it is the Green
Power Ranger I have him here on my
laptop when I show the world the Green
Power Ranger how on earth is he
connected to our conversation that we're
having right now tell us well I found
out recently that
Tommy Oliver was supposed to be a wolf
is an indigenous character and I I
didn't know that when I was a child I
know I knew that as a kid because I was
like he was the most popular ranger and
still is one of the most popular Power
Rangers and I'm like he was native like
that's one of my favorite tropes is
native and secretly native but that's
why I have a TEDx talk where I talk
about how I consider Spock from Star
Trek a native person just because okay
yeah and it's really interesting to me
to have that aspect is because like who
else could deal with being both Vulcan
and the human being and having so I was
like of course he's native we've never
found out what his mom what has what
background is human mom is so I'm like
okay she's great
I decided it I always I'm like I'm like
you I've always associated Spock just
being because my father is non-native
and my mom's native so coming from two
worlds that's a great compliment so yeah
but yeah I too feel the same way I've
always felt like Spock was a kindred
spirit yeah that's one of the big things
for me with Spock is that he's both
dealing with not being Vulcan enough and
not being human enough and I've always
felt that's been an aspect of native the
native experience not being native
enough because you can't speak your own
language but not being white enough
because you're so different everybody
else so it's like okay I don't know
understand why there aren't more Nicci
people like native people into Star Trek
like I felt like the only one for the
longest time when I was a kid like my I
didn't that way with like colleagues my
dad was just like a super sci-fi fan and
so it was I think there was this
wonderful precedent that was said in our
household is like being native nerd
being native tech was not something that
was foreign to me and especially like
reading comics my dad was a huge reader
so it didn't matter if you know
I was going out and reading comics he
was like yeah pick out something because
you're gonna read and that's awesome and
you know finding this stuff I was like
cool there's and now I'd like over the
past couple years like oh look at all
these native nerds all these
dictionaries that are around right now
this is fantastic
well I'm right currently writing an
article about Kon can't visit in cons
and the most the Khan in my city did not
have very many native people going to it
until very recently and it's it's felt
like that again when I was a little kid
being the only Star Trek nerd in
northern Manitoba it's just like oh my
god like I'm the only one there anymore
and so it's very cool to see that it's
becoming more acceptable to be a nerd
because we're some of the Nerdist people
in the world so I don't know really I
have noticed at all I really have
noticed that all right guys let's let's
let me let me get some juice out of you
what makes an indigenous superhero
fantasy character what are the
ingredients that you need to have to
make them native first nation indigenous
a lot of a lot of superheroes in general
suffered loss and it always made such a
big impact on me because I'm like well
why indigenous people we have suffered
so much loss in the past so why aren't
we indigenous why are you superheroes
yet like Superman has lost this planet
Wonder Woman lost her home because she I
believe spider-man lost his family and
it's like why like this is so it's so
easily transferred to us so I don't
understand why we aren't heroes yet in
that universe so I hear what you're
saying there and Sonia about what you
see a superhero having in their
background but unfortunately our
audience says too often they look like
this this is aleena on Twitter saying
often they're limiting depictions of
natives to old mystical Indian or noble
savage stereotypes and that's incredibly
harmful it leads people to believe that
we're stuck in the past and capable of
adapting to modern times and the Lina
goes on to say there's certain spiritual
and ceremonial aspects they're also seen
as a private thing in many native
cultures so they can't be accurately
depicted in comics
leads to bad and/or pan-indian
depictions of spirituality even when
this is a part of the characters
background so Jeffrey I'm wondering if
you can pick up on that the
harmonization and I think Lee touched on
that a little bit earlier when he talks
about it's a double-edged sword
we have some fantastic things fantastic
symbolism fantastic spirituality in our
culture when it's misrepresented the way
it has been
it becomes either a really bad cliche or
a bad negative stereotype so when you
have a native krater coming in there and
he's infusing his or her culture into
his characters people might see that as
oh that's just adding the stereotype
when the reality is that know that this
is how it's properly done nothing yeah
go ahead Lee you go ahead yeah I was
just gonna add to I think that partly
it's it's about the lived experience
when it's a non-native writer what
they're looking at is the is the finch
fringe feathers and and food right so
they're going to add the tropes because
it looks cool and I like cool characters
I think they're really I mean you know
there's there's really amazing things
that can come out of that from the
imagination but but when I write and I
write characters and the people that we
try to engage it's let me pause oh yeah
yeah hey I hear what you're saying
intermittently so I'm just gonna jump
over to Sonya for a moment because
you're talking about creating characters
it's only this is exactly what you've
been doing have a look here this is
Carrie Barry Linn it's a children's book
oh yeah how does that fit into what
we're talking about right now because
you're creating characters that work for
other people like you and youngsters
growing up right now I think a lot of my
work is art a biographer
autobiographical in terms of like I
write India I write with the with the
plan of what did I want to see when I
was a little kid and so I write with
that intention always and sometimes it
I'm really surprised by how non
stereotypical things could come out for
me or sometimes out
stereotypical things could come about
and so like I I'm creating a superhero
right now called Thunderbird
who was in my first film and there's a
whole section where they create her
costume and the entity that is your
costume decides that it likes hi to art
the most so it makes her costume look
like a hide a
hide a design and there's a whole scene
where Maggie who is the Thunderbird she
says like but I'm Cree I can't have a
high two costume and like her her
sentience and symbiote costume is like
no no it's fine well we'll deal with
this later and I'm like oh crap so it's
like coming up with stuff that got me
angry too as a kid like I hated seeing
feathers I hated being seen as like
Cheyenne or Apache when I'm a creeper
s'en so it's like I really want to
eliminate that pan Indian idea sure
Jeffrey your art people will know some
of your stories I know some of your art
how do you approach knowing that you
come with you come to the table with
some real integrity and then what do you
do with your art you walk gingerly in
boldly at the same time you you I want
people to see that the native voices
behind that I know but I also wanted to
see the characters these are their
characters just as much as they're mine
they're part of our pop cultural history
and so that recognition is there as soon
as you see that and whether you're
Native or you're not this is just me
showing a native voice to these
characters and I've been honored and
lucky enough to be able to work on very
uh a lot of the ones that I had loved as
a child it's just been a fantastic
journey for me and I really love your
work like your your alien like the
xenomorph you've made before that was
one of my favorite pieces of art that I
ever saw so I'm like and the way you I
post it on Twitter too but I love the
Superman the way you drew it because to
me Superman is a native person like in
all aspects except skin colors so it's
just like seeing that almost made me
want to cry because I'm you know like I
said I be honest I just want to have fun
but I also want people to know where I'm
come from and I'm proud of where I come
from natives we have our rich culture we
have much to offer the world
and we're just people are just now
starting to recognize that and see the
tip of that giant iceberg that's just
looming out there waiting for us to
explode upon the world yeah I feel
that's the problem this because um and
and in regards to us I feel that we
often felt that seeing native people we
relegated to the past made us feel so
strange in terms of how like well I am a
modern native but I don't exist in the
media so like am i weird and so seeing
nerdy creature and nerdy creatures nerdy
natives on TV was something that was
really cool to me because I lost my mind
there's a show in Canada called Corner
Gas that has an indigenous character
named Davis who is a police chief and
police sergeants and there's this whole
conversation he has where he's talking
the ear off of another person he needs
and he's talking about Battlestar
Galactica and I was like I love that
it's those little gems that just make
things that you love that you love
seeing that oh yeah I love that yellow
is our Native American I want to jump in
here because I want to bring our
community back in this is a conversation
that if you are having about why it's
important to have indigenous creators
behind the scene so with Shia on Twitter
says Marvel they have a newer character
out and they said that Marvel has a
bigger responsibility than to hire
native writers and artists their most
recent character is based on Inuit
culture and they did consult with a
native person for it but consultation is
not enough it's a free pass that they
did their homework so that's a critique
and I'll show you that character in just
a moment but I wanted to bring this
tweet in knacks
because Dale here on the other side of
that debate says we as native writers
and illustrators now have the resources
to publish and distribute on our own
terms we no longer have to wait for
anyone to give us permission or give us
room at events like Comic Con we're
changing it our selves so you can see
the Marvel character behind me but Lee I
want to go to you with this conversation
talking about is it
the duty of these bigger houses like
Marvel or DC Comics to include these
voices or is it up to indigenous
communities themselves it's both I think
we we make our own path and we know that
there's a market through this and and
and how we're going to go after that but
I also think that but my main thing and
I agree with Michelle on that is that
it's it's too often we've been serving
as consultants in these ways you know
listen Jeff is is amazing you know and
and should be should have his own book
through Marvel right like he's doing
covers and he's been and been black Lee
we're losing you a little bit of you I'm
so sorry about that let me just show you
a what Lee does part of what leaders he
has a book store that is dedicated to
indigenous comics and fantasy and
graphic novels and some of the titles
are really important titles actually
they're all important titles but I would
point out a couple of them we have code
talkers here and then we also have deer
women or vignette
these are stories that are really
important that they to be told and
they're not the kind of stories that
often make it into comics correctly yeah
yeah I think this is that's the part
where we're gonna make our own way is to
tell the stories that we want to tell
and I think that that's been the best
work that I've been able to be a part of
I wasn't gonna wait around for anybody
we just decided to start publishing and
start a comic-con and opener got it
yeah I actually wanted to go to Lee's
comic-con when I first heard of it and
my first film actually played there and
I was so sad I couldn't go cuz I that
wasn't I made my first film Krush so I
with the intention of it going to places
like indigenous comic-con and so it's
really important to me that these places
exist but yeah I agree with Lee that
we've often had to make our make our own
way into these events and MIT because
there's a there's a thirst for this work
but I think there is a lot of problems
with places like Marvel or DC where
they're like well that's too niche of a
market like who are our people other
than they
people gonna buy these books and it's
it's such a it seems like it's such a a
wall we still have to climb because I'm
like even with the success of things
like Black Panther people don't believe
like the big places the big publishing
houses don't believe that there's
chances of success with such a niche
market so in making your own way I
wanted to pivot on that because we got
this comment live on YouTube this is a
walker who says why do we need fictional
superheroes only those who feel inferior
need heroes only those who feel inferior
see others as super so that's an
interesting comment there he's getting a
lot of e this person is getting a lot of
feedback on YouTube but keep that in
mind keep his point in mind because I
want to play a video comment from Jay he
was an algonquian artist and writer out
of Canada and this is why he says we
need these superheroes Quaid MINUSTAH
cos hello my name is Jo Jack I'm an
algonquian writer artist television
producer comic creator from the kid
agency being a snob in community I wrote
and drew and created a graphic novel
called Kagami the Raven that was later
adapted into a television series that
airs in Canada the United States and
Australia I also drew a book called
black lies by author Robert Munsch that
was a national bestseller here in Canada
why does representation matter
simply put we can't let our kids
indigenous children and people of color
grow up in a world where the only way
they ever see themselves represented in
the media and pop culture is that's the
bad guys or even worse the comic relief
so if you're thinking about a career in
comics if you think about getting
involved in the media we need your voice
now more than ever because right now
anything is possible if I did it so can
you so I look forward to watching your
shows reading your books get in the mix
we need you peace yeah I wish he had
been on here because I wanted to tell
him how much I wished black flies had
existed when I was a kid because if I
had seen that I would have like lost my
mind I'm like this is a protic it on a
radio but it's so cool to see like I
think we need heroes because no one asks
why people need Superman nobody asks why
we need Batman we just do because they
and
by us to aim higher and I think this
like with the three of us that we're
kind of inspiring younger kids to go
into it because I didn't see any writers
growing up that we're native and it's
really important for me to show kids
that they can be things other than
nurses and doctors and lawyers like we
can be a lot of different things so it's
see that I think heroes are important
because they reflect who we are they
they are the epitome of what we hope to
be as a people as per people they
they're they hero they be so you have a
native hero you want that native hero to
epitomize everything that is great
wonderful about our culture we need
those as symbols of and champions of of
who where we come from Jeff Reed you
know what I was thinking about I was I
was looking at your work and looking at
the amazing work that Lee's been doing
and the work that Sonja has been doing
is that from my study of native cultures
and different community indigenous
communities their culture their history
their spiritual traditions they are so
much better stronger more amazing more
magical than any superhero story that
I've ever seen already in a culture why
do you need made us ones that's what
your own needs anything that I've ever
seen in DC or marvel or any of those big
mainstream ones you have those
superheroes already in your culture who
already doing magical things and they're
not even magical things this is what
they did and I think that that's where
we're heading I think we're starting to
see that right now I think that if you
look back at a lot of like a lot of the
heroes that we we see in the comic pages
today derive from ancient stories Greek
myths different other mythologies we're
still we're now allowed because of way
things are today we're allowed to share
and build off of our own culture and our
own mythologies and develop worlds and
and heroes and villains the way we see
in the way that we add from the stories
that we know we're just starting to see
that I wanted to bring this in from
Amanda she's a teacher and she uses
indigenous comics in her teaching
material she says my students are mostly
non-native
and they have very little knowledge
about living indigenous peoples we
climbed this hill together to bring them
into reality and a better understanding
and I often start with a collection like
moonshot or now I might start with six
killers she gives a couple examples and
says just reading and engaging with
comments by indigenous writers and
authors reverses student expectations
the native peoples are no longer here
and the resulting discussion usually
lacks defensiveness so Leah I'm going to
give that to you because this is
important for all audiences she's saying
yeah yeah I think it is six killers my
my work and I wanted to present you know
native folks that aren't dead or dying
that's another part I think that we've
been trying to accomplish with this work
then Amanda points out a lot of other
folks have pointed out is that the pop
culture representation of Native people
sort of gets stuck in the Western and
the various Western motifs and so what
you end up with is is this I leza
treatment Jeffrey you can finish a
sentence I know your might happen that
there might be this tension happening
between mainstream comics and graphic
novels and then what you want to do as
artists who happen to be indigenous are
you already seeing that fight or can
everybody work together Jeffrey and
Sonya oh yeah work together if we have a
healthy respect towards each and every
culture that is possible that it's being
done we just need to see more of it so
yeah I agree with with that like people
were thinking that Black Panther the
movie was only good to be for people of
African descent or black or people that
are black but everybody from a variety
of cultures love that movie like I
remember seeing it and I almost started
around dancing the theater tonight I saw
a lot of my own culture in that movie
and like the importance of our own stuff
and so I believe that a heat level yeah
any representation for any group that
isn't just a default Caucasian is like
something that we all love I think
people think that just because if it's
just one of us see my slice would yeah
so talented and enthusiastic is Julie
Jeffrey and Sonia thank you for being
part of the stream today thank you thank
you well end on YouTube with January who
says there's so many superheroes in our
communities that are unsung and comics
are a help we helped for youth to
imagine new heroes from a cultural base
thank you so much for watching we will
see you next time take care everybody
that I
