he once said he'd take a bullet to
Donald Trump
now Michael Cohen is offering to help in
an investigation the president has
repeatedly called a witch hunt on
Tuesday Donald Trump's longtime lawyer
and fixer pleaded guilty to campaign
finance violations Cohen told the court
he was directed by Trump to make
payments to two women he's alleged to
have had affairs with Cohen's lawyer
says the 51 year old is now more than
happy to help Special Counsel Robert
mullahs investigation into alleged
collusion between the Trump campaign and
Russia my observation is that Michael
Cohen knows information that would be of
interest to the special counsel in my
opinion regarding both knowledge about a
conspiracy to corrupt American democracy
by the Russians so far Trump's only
comment was to send out a tweet that
reads if anyone is looking for a good
lawyer I would strongly suggest that you
don't retain the services of Michael
Cohen Robert mullahs investigation
centers on a meeting between Trump
campaign aides in a Russian delegation
that promised a dish political dirt on
Hillary Clinton Cohen's lawyer has
indicated his client has direct
knowledge of the meeting with claims
Donald Trump knew it was happening
something that presidents denied Donald
Trump despite all appearances should be
very worried it's kind of like someone
breathing down your neck very closely
they are right there they are right
behind you and that is where Robert
Waller is with respect to Donald Trump
at this point in time on the same day
Cohen pled guilty in New York the
president's former campaign manager Paul
Manafort was found guilty on eight
charges of tax and bank fraud both cases
sprang from mullahs team leading one
Republican to say it's proof mullahs
investigation is anything but a
witch-hunt
Democrats say Trump's legal woes are far
from over to take a step back president
Trump's campaign manager was convicted
of federal crimes president Trump's
personal attorney pled guilty to federal
crimes president Trump's first national
security adviser pled guilty to federal
crimes a foreign policy adviser to his
campaign pled guilty to federal crimes
and more trials are coming these two
court cases may now be the biggest
to Donald Trump's presidency Cohen's
lawyer says his client is now liberated
to speak truth to power and there are
unconfirmed reports Cohen has tapes
Trump's base will remain loyal but with
November's midterm elections approaching
the stakes have never been higher
