throughout his three-day visit to Israel
one issue has dominated John Bolton's
discussions Iran it was the main subject
of his final news conference before
leaving the country dream change in Iran
is not American policy but what we want
is massive change in the regime's
behavior the Iran deal
is defective to that end he said Donald
Trump's withdrawal from the Iran nuclear
deal and the real position of US
sanctions had begun to some extent to
constrain resources available to Iran's
military and spur domestic protests
against the Iranian government it's just
regular people saying they're fed up
with the government in in small towns
and cities it's not the educated elite
in Tehran it's farmers and workers and
small shop owners who are shouting death
to the regime not death to America death
to the regime Iran's president was this
week keen to demonstrate a very
different narrative that of a
well-funded military unveiling its
latest fighter jet the kind of strength
he said that continued to deter u.s.
aggression pohjanmaa Alton's hosts this
week the immediate priority is
addressing Iran's presence in Syria
he said Israel's strikes against Iranian
targets there were legitimate and that
Russia had offered to cooperate Bolton
said the Russian President Vladimir
Putin had told both him and President
Trump that Russian and Iranian interests
were not aligned inside Syria that
Russia would be entirely content for
Iranian troops to pull out all together
but that Russia couldn't do that by
itself suggesting some kind of u.s.
Russian joint effort Russia repres last
week the US Secretary of State announced
the formation of an Iran action group
designed to spearhead a wider scale US
government effort against Tehran one
Israeli analyst says it's a sign that
the US would not be willing to give up
its own military presence in eastern
Syria if that is what Russia is seeking
the Americans officially have already
admitted that they're trying to
interdict weapons going through Syria
Iran and Iran to Hezbollah that they're
already doing some sort of indirect
action so I think there's already a hint
that America is not only staying in
Syria but it's becoming more of an Iran
focused mission okay thank you John
Bolton his next stop is Geneva
ways do to meet his Russian opposite
number Harry Fawcett al Jazeera West
Jerusalem
