we'd met Daniel Thomas in an evacuation
camp fishermen rescued him from his home
on Friday now he wanted to go back but
on Tuesday morning the only way back was
by canoe we can go you can play usually
from here or from that place where he is
ready to start it now as we were paddled
four kilometers across roads over paddy
fields and through people's gardens we
heard and saw animals left behind and
occasionally came across people
Thomas's village itself is on a
relatively high ground the Central
Street almost now dry it's very
different to when the greatest volume of
water barreled through on Saturday after
Thomas had left his that old son had
stayed behind to help rescue others and
save what he could at home he took us
inside the news generally good for both
property and people as anybody in this
town died with us
that's remarkable when you see the
damage Thomas's neighbor stay to his
house shook as it cracked it's still
under water and in the front garden
there are snakes here another hazard
but all day Tuesday the water was
dropping and back on the Main Street a
surprise
- big wheel trucks from the National
Disaster Response Force had managed to
drive in people jostle and then queues
formed fast the men brought the basics
rice biscuits water they also brought
hope these trucks getting in is a really
good sign the waters are receding and
bad though the situation still is it
better Andrew Thomas al Jazeera manor of
Kerala
