democracy in action high in the
Himalayas it is a colorful occasion
national dress must be worn ten years
ago the former King of Bhutan ordered
the country to embrace democracy it's
the nation's third election like
Bouton's
ancient traditions democracy is now also
a fiercely guarded part of Bhutanese
society jobs the environment and
economic growth are all at the forefront
of voters concerns mr. lukeheli
much.you Camilla the main issues facing
us farmers are safe drinking water
supply irrigation water and agriculture
it's also important to look after our
youth many of whom are unemployed the
most important thing in this election is
voting for a party or a candidate that
would make my nation economically strong
and would best look after the welfare of
the people of Bhutan for sharing Zhuang
mo it's a time to meet old friends she
remembers the days before democracy
before Bhutan opened up to the outside
world things were really great under the
monarchy there was peace and happiness
and the country enjoyed great progress
whichever party would choose there must
be no hatred or division among our
people voters chose between two
political parties the DTP which formed
the first government in 2008 and the dmt
political newcomers there's little
separating them politically at the
center of every party's political
manifesto is the pursuit of happiness
it's the only country in the world to
measure success not through economic
output but through gross national
happiness which translates as good
governance a balance between work and
pleasure economic growth and nature it's
a pursuit that has its roots in Buddhism
widely practiced in Bhutan the country
is steeped in tradition and belief in
the past ten years it's had to contend
with a new ideology democracy Bhutan has
seen the type of confrontational
sometimes divisive politics that exists
in
neighboring India the world's largest
democracy and elsewhere in the world and
is worried about it coming here there
are also concerns over social medias
impact on politics and traditions
election candidates have even complained
about fake news appearing online many in
Bhutan are still waiting to see where
their pursuit of happiness and the road
of democracy meet Nev Barkham al Jazeera
Paro Bhutan
