correct Productions is a stalwart among
Greek companies at the beginning of the
crisis the bulk of its business
disappeared as the advertising industry
collapsed it cut its costs and found
overseas clients and managed to keep all
of its 17 workers on payroll
but even this innovative business cannot
thrive as Greece rejoins the world
economy
taxation is absurd I would call it the
state is now the O's the 50% here I mean
with taxation you need to give the half
of the money to taxes we will lose the
opportunity to expand maybe we need to
do this in a very slow slow steps as
many as half of Greek businesses have
been closed by the crisis those that
survive have shouldered the country's
tax burden business is sluggish because
Greek consumers have little money and
banks are still unable to provide much
finance all this means that a dramatic
recovery is unlikely even after August
20th when Greece finishes eight years of
dependence on its eurozone partners the
state remains expensive and Greece has
to produce large budget surpluses for
the next 30 years to pay off its loans
but the current high taxes could sink
the economy that's left a recent study
shows that Greeks work seven months of
the year to pay taxes an increase of 25
percent over the past decade that puts
them on a par with German taxpayers and
above most Europeans what differentiates
them is that they have the lowest levels
of satisfaction from public services
like health and education in the
developed world the Center for liberal
studies which produced that research
believes this dissatisfaction has
ripened Greeks for reforms needed to
begin a new economic era we all know
what the pro-growth policies are and
that's what we have to pursue and if we
do that I'm very optimistic about our
country three years ago the majority of
Greeks wanted more government programs
even if it meant more taxes now the
situation has reversed
60% of Greeks
want lower taxes and only 35% of Greeks
want bigger government and that's a
pro-growth mindset if the Greeks are
finally tired of paying for a wasteful
state this presents the political elite
with an enormous problem how to slay the
monster of a public sector built with
political favoritism precisely to sway
elections jumps are applause al jazeera
Athens
