a teenage girl's bedroom void of life
this Ridge here is where
seventeen-year-old were healer set to
study she was top of her class she was
killed in an isil suicide attack at her
school in August along with 34 of her
classmates this watch was our her
brother identified her I miss those
moments that I'm hoping that if Rallo
was alive I would make her more happy
they live in - debauchee it's a sheer
neighborhood and Western Carville this
year it suffered a series of ISIL
attacks at Rahila school mosques a
Sports Club and an election registration
center beyond the 180 people who died
its killed their belief in the
government my father told me that I'm
really not interested in this election
and I myself also I'm really not
interested in this election because we
have lost our hope from this system from
this government from this member of
Parliament's Afghanistan Shia minority
has been over represented in Parliament
they hold 20% of seats and yet they say
they feel forgotten and vulnerable some
have even self armed creating their own
militia ISIL is the biggest threat in
Shia neighborhoods fighters have flooded
into Afghanistan after being defeated
they are trying to kill as many
civilians as possible and as many of the
Shia minority here because they want to
create a set Aryan rift and use that to
their advantage
they're ready Chema's Onimusha rakat
american they're cool if the general
turnout especially of her Hazaras is
less it will show that ISIL is winning
yes there are families not voting
because they lost loved ones but on the
other side some people are more engaged
and have suggested candidates to
represent them but for people like
Amidala the damage is done and I cannot
try at the home so I go to the top the
rooftop so I cry something personal
momentary then I come back the silence
echoes from her now empty room to what's
become her heelas library Amidala built
it in the last six weeks in the top
floor of the mosque a four thousand
books
donated from fellow Shia they say where
the government has failed them education
will succeed when I came here I feel
wrong I was in here and when she wasn't
here but I feel she is here politically
they will be silent but were heelas
presence is deafening I wish she would
be a light here Charlotte Bella's
al-jazeera
kibou
