in northern Yemen graves were recently
dug for the victims of a saudi-led
coalition bombing that shocked the world
on August the 9th a school bus was hit
in an attack the coalition called
legitimate military action more than 50
people were killed at least 40 of them
children aged between 10 and 12 dozens
more were injured the US has provided
support to the saudi-led coalition with
intelligence and aerial refueling now
there are renewed questions about the
weapons being used in the war reports
suggests the bomb used to attack the bus
was made by Lockheed Martin and
according to CNN supplied by the US
government as part of a sanctioned arms
deal politicians in the United States
are demanding answers Senator Chris
Murphy who's announced a measure to halt
military assistance to the coalition
tweeted the following last week the
saudi-led Coalition in Yemen bombed a
school bus killing 44 innocent kids and
they did it with us-supplied bombs
intelligence support and midair
refueling Democratic House and Senate
members are also asking questions about
u.s. involvement in a war that's been
raging for more than three years their
key concern is that the u.s. may not
only be culpable but potentially
violating international laws in 2016
President Obama
banned the sale of precision guided
weaponry to Saudi Arabia citing human
rights concerns that measure was undone
when the Trump administration came to
power the US has since sold arms to
Saudi Arabia as part of a multi-billion
dollar deal and a Gallacher al Jazeera
Washington
