a brisk business that's expanded along
with turkeys middle class Ramazan actor
has been selling products made by
Turkey's largest home appliances company
for 25 years but lately his sales have
taken a hit we've had to put our prices
up because of the current economic
situation and that's affected our sales
despite this he is optimistic that he
and the country can weather the current
economic storm which began as a war of
words with turkeys NATO ally the US over
according to the president Donald Trump
the arrest of an evangelical pastor
Andrew Brunson sparking a trade spat
between the two countries it's the start
of the holiday week here in Turkey and
despite the slump the shopping malls and
bazaars are all packed with people the
prices have shot up in recent days and
people are feeling the pinch it's
affected us a lot half my pension has
already gone because of this I don't
know how I'll afford holiday presents
for my family we need money to shop we
can't do anything about it this is about
the games being played between global
powers it's kind of a cold war the
devaluation in the Turkish lira may be
good for exporters but the uncertainty
and continuing antipathy with the US has
rattled the economy even as the currency
stabilized last week maca Camila Camila
Vera
of course the tariffs on aluminium and
iron another of financial attacks have
affected Turkey's economy it's
borderline economic exploitation by the
US as it's affected our sales president
Erdogan has placed much faith in an
agenda of growth at all costs but that
has had its own drawbacks billions of
dollars have been borrowed and spent
particularly in infrastructure and
construction projects a tactic that
could become unsustainable if there is
further instability in Turkey's economy
sonica ago al Jazeera Istanbul
