homes nearly submerged in floodwaters
people forced to leave their properties
behind in order to avoid the floods or
landslides this has been the scene for
over a week as the southern Indian state
of Kerala battled heavy rains the
subsequent floods are being described as
the worst in nearly 100 years
water levels are rising since yesterday
the rains have been heavy it's still
ongoing people are worried the flood
waters and mudslides have killed
hundreds of people since the start of
the monsoon season in June some parts of
the state have received nearly double
the average annual rainfall when a 3,000
people have been forced out of their
homes and that has not been easy as
waters flood access points in many areas
leaving our evacuation as the only
option the rainfall has led to massive
landslides where chunks of the mountain
have come down blocking the entire
stretch although the clearance team is
working to open the road it's unlikely
it will happen people have been shifted
to camps in the nearby areas weather
forecasters say heavy rains will
continue over the weekend but will eat
afterwards but while that is good news
for those affected in Kerala the rains
will likely be drifting to other states
in the country Hiba Morgan al-jazeera
