Indonesia a country better known for its
diverse culture than for its sports the
Asian Games are the largest event it
ever organized more than fourteen
thousand athletes are arriving in the
congested capital Jakarta and in the
city of palembang the center of yearly
forest fires while stadiums have been
built and renovated and city centers
have undergone a transformation this is
what visitors will see when they look up
the air quality index just three days
before the opening of the games show
unhealthy levels
when Beijing was hosting the Olympics it
vanished slower air pollution by
decreasing the number of cars and
closing down factories and it's
maintained relatively better air quality
in Jakarta environmental issues are not
a priority especially air quality the
government puts the economy first air
pollution has been called a silent
killer in the Indonesian capital with
figures in 2010 showing that 57 percent
of its people suffer from respiratory
diseases but Indonesian athletes seem
unfazed having to compete against
countries like China or Japan which have
won the most medals at previous games
they say they have other worries like 18
year-old runner
lalu Muhammad sori who last month
surprised many by becoming world
champion at the under 20 hundred meter
sprint in Finland I need to mentally
prepare myself because at the Asian
Games I will be up against athletes that
are all older than me and very
experienced Indonesia is aiming for 16
gold medals especially in new sports
events like bridge jet skiing roller
skating and martial arts while Indonesia
is gearing up to what is promised to be
a spectacular opening of the Asian Games
on Saturday the country wants to show
the world its capable of organizing such
a big event having less time to prepare
after Vietnam withdrew as a host not
everything is quite ready yet
the athletes village is near an area
where a polluted river sprats a fall
smell instead of cleaning it ahead of
the games it is covered by a net and it
smell unsuccessfully treated with
chemicals others are complaining about
logistical problems making it hard to
reach the venue's on time yet band Asian
Games are very important for our nation
important for Asia the energy of Asia is
being portrayed here that's why we have
speeded up the building of venues so the
people of Asia who are coming will be
happy and proud Indonesia hosted the
Asian Games for the first time in 1962
then the still young nation built its
welcome statue one of the city's
landmarks 56 years later it will once
again welcome Asian at leats
even if it's sometimes hard to see
because of the polluted air step fasten
al Jazeera Jakarta
