the commemoration took a somber tone
when the loved ones of the 34 victims
lit candles and students silence 6 years
after the Marikana Massacre the grief
felt by families and survivors is
evident but many are angry tooth they
blame the government and the police for
the deaths of the miners new evidence
suggests that when striking miners were
shot they were running away from police
longer Seeley madryn she was shot in the
head the bullet is still in his skull he
was told he would die if doctors removed
it I am angry now because I feel like a
piece of scrap and not good enough to
work anymore I deserve to be compensated
this had been a particularly violent
strike till other people including
police officers and security guards were
killed in the days before the mass
shooting six police officers are facing
legal proceedings but no one has so far
been convicted of any crime the helping
of strikes particularly when we look
back at what happened here in 2012 this
was a labor issue adding to the
continuing volatility here is the
potential of 13,000 job cuts by mining
company in parlor Platinum people here
have used the anniversary to revive
their calls for better wages and living
conditions these remain major issues for
the mining community who say mining
companies have put their profits ahead
of people's well-being
there are concerns that if these issues
are not adequately addressed some may
resort to violence workers union am ku
says it will not accept job cuts who
plans a mass action femida mela al
jazeera Marikana
