heavy rain floods and landslides have
destroyed or damaged thousands of homes
in Kerala disaster officers say some 200
people have died since May because of an
unusually severe monsoon season when
water came in we ran away with whatever
we could grab the water came very fast
we had to save our lives the state is
home to 33 million people and 150,000 of
them have been sheltering in relief
camps tens of thousands more remained
stranded because 10,000 kilometres of
roads have been destroyed or remain
underwater in our village everyone's
houses were destroyed it will be a long
time before we can go back I have no
idea how long it's going to take and
where I will take my family it will take
a long time to rebuild water levels in
the States 34 dams have reached
dangerous highs state officials are
releasing water sending a heavy flow
into rivers the rain has also crippled
water and sewage pumps leaving millions
without drinking water the water
treatment plan diggle our water
treatment plants in different places
have been submerged under water the
motors have been damaged our first
priority is to get the drinking water
out to the people the monsoons have also
wiped out crops in a state known for its
spices and coffee Kerala is famous for
its palm-lined beaches and picture of
tea plantations it's a popular
destination for both domestic and
international tourists but the main
gateway to the region the airport in the
city of Kochi will remain closed until
Sunday meanwhile Kerala residents are
bracing for more rain and the days ahead
Paul Chatterjee on al-jazeera
