depths of this mine comes one of the
world's most valuable metals
despite the value of platinum above
ground at the Impala mine in rustenberg
many workers live in poor conditions but
Impala platinum says productivity and
profits are down and it now has to
restructure its operations it plans to
slash about a third of its workforce
thus miner who doesn't want to be
identified says while working conditions
are often difficult miners are desperate
to save their jobs it's rare form for
our management to come the underground
didn't see the challenges they were
facing as an employees day so undergrad
of asthma producing actually I think
it's an excuse because they always did
you can apply for us to work for the
shaft actually to go higher on
production and stuff in parlor platinum
declined
al-jazeera's request for an interview
but released a statement saying the
cutbacks would be done responsibly and
it would try to save as many jobs as
possible mining in the Rustenburg area
makes up at least 70% of economic
activity with mines employing at least
half of the people working here three of
the largest ones have spent tens of
millions of dollars on education health
and local housing programs so a decline
in production would mean more than just
job losses for thousands of people this
is where six years ago thousands of mine
workers at the neighboring Lonmin mine
went on strike demanding higher paid and
better living conditions police opened
fire on the crowd killing 34 miners and
injuring 78 others the wounds of that
day are still war in this community the
sense of the volatility and what this
could be leading to was already given in
January and February where there were
protests within within within rustenburg
these took his own a phobic form but
they were clearly to do with with the
growing sort of social desperation which
is coming with the downturn in the
platinum mining industry there while
most of South Africa's conventional
platinum mines like Impala Platinum
on losing money further job cuts are not
easy to swallow in a country where the
unemployment rate has risen to just over
27% workers union AAMCO says it won't
accept the job cuts and is considering
mass action the concern for many is that
the job cuts could further escalate
simmering labour and social unrest
femida mela al jazeera rustenburg
northwest province
