my name is resins a human rights
activist from Damascus I based now in
escucha in the Damascus suburbs the area
has been liberated from the regime
forces the video was released just a few
days before as anti Tunis one of the
most prominent opposition activists
disappeared she along with her husband
well Hamada and two other colleagues
Samira Khalil and NASM Hammadi were
taken at gunpoint from their office in
duma on December 9 2013
the town was surrounded by government
forces but it was under the control of
the opposition racial Islam the most
powerful group at the time denies any
involvement or knowledge of the
kidnapped
jae'sean Islam was not the only faction
in Duma at the time there was in the
entire region forces from the martyrs of
Duma forces of the hotel rising the
stomach Union of the Levant and even the
mr. front were present presence I truly
was a very familiar face at the start of
the uprising she was wanted by the
Syrian government for her role in
peaceful protests calling for the
downfall of the regime
her Center kept track of atrocities but
not just those committed by the
government her friends say racial Islam
saw her as a threat she promoted a civil
administration and the secular state
which weren't in line with the group's
ideology we the violations documentation
center in Syria are sure the Army of
Islam kidnapped them we have proof that
rosin was in their jails and under their
direct supervision this was until the
beginning of 2017 as we were able to
trace her movements regrettably after
the beginning of 2017 information was
cut off and we have no knowledge about
reason the group was forced to surrender
Duma to the government earlier this year
before leaving it released detainees
from the Tobii prison witnesses say
resin and her colleagues were held there
they haven't been found both the
government and on a lesser scale the
rebels have been accused of cracking
down on the opposition more than 82,000
people have went disappearing in Syria
by the Syrian government more than
82,000 people their families are still
waiting the same goes for hundreds of
people who were abducted and went
missing by armed group there is little
hope that Rosanna and her colleagues
will still be alive there is a long list
of peaceful activists fighting for
democracy and human rights whose voices
have been silenced by those in power
sanika Deir al Jazeera Beirut
