the president I state says attacked me
he's attacked our NATO allies at times
he's attacked the whole cast of Hamilton
and Mailer Streep
the only person he seems unwilling to
want to criticise in any way is Vladimir
Putin we need a president who has the
guts to stand up to Vladimir Putin and
we are just not seeing that out of this
president advisers told him before I
picked up the phone explicitly in all
caps do not congratulate Vladimir Putin
what did the president do I had a call
with President Putin and congratulated
him on the victory his electoral victory
Russia intervened in our presidential
election it was a historically close
election and the Russians intervened
through social media by pretending to be
Americans and among them they decided
that race was a really good issue to be
used to divide Americans President Putin
has clearly come to the conclusion
there's little price to play here this
is serious business
all of the intelligence chiefs agreed
Russia intervened there should be no
doubt that Russia perceived that it's
past efforts as as successful so what's
stopping us the president is stomping us
because the person United States cannot
even accept the fact that the Russians
intervened on his behalf I said it very
simply I think it could very well have
been Russia but I think it could well
have been other countries probably there
was meddling from other countries and
maybe other individuals he views it as a
threat to the legitimacy of his
presidency and it's leaving our country
exposed the United States announced
sanctions on Thursday against 19 Russian
individuals these sanctions are a good
step in the right direction but they
also don't go nearly far enough
the Kremlin said these sanctions were
expected they aren't that big of a deal
federal government is largely sitting on
its hands because this president views
any mention of Russia as a threat these
things are undeniable and we need to
confront them because they haven't
stopped we need to protect ourselves and
we need to deter the Russians from any
further involvement in our affair
this isn't a Democrat versus Republican
issue sadly this is a Donald Trump
versus all the rest of this issue
