doo-doo-doo-doo 30 right second e
squishies now cuz they have been left
for days to dry i you kidding me no way
did not even dry yet
why my gosh no I thought they dried up
enough for days oh gosh it's getting
everywhere
and this is all dad's fault it's just
one one oh my gosh now
Oh mom where are you
you know when dad pranked me with their
squishies yeah they haven't dried I'm
still not dry after all those days and
you know that I need to be giving those
out to the public and the fans the
Christmas party yep they're not drying
there's been ages hmm oh you think you
know how I said last time if dad touches
a message about my squishies again I'm
throwing his real computer in the pool
roll the clip
how do you feel I know that's immature
crazy right now so I'm going to go any
of this and get his real T I think no
just wait for me
do you I know
calm down let me talk to you hey just
calm down
why are you doing take stop stop I've
got an idea
okay just calm down I've got a really
good idea by sheer coincidence key
you're really careful to put your
flip-flops on quiet
okay
do you want some I've got to beat
told you
go back back
very quiet day
he's got the pop horse on so that's
quite out
go to the curtain
mmm
Oh
how long are you in there for ages I
know it breaks up in in where's who
Tiana Tiana is watching TV why he filled
me with the jacuzzi for I'm just getting
used to the camera anyway I need to tell
your honor is not happy because the
squishes are still wet throat what's the
matter oh come on I know she's been to
something I'm no I'm job yes no I'm just
doing a little vlog around the house why
you doing that for
why not you can teach these quadrants re
about that is just a moment of attack
you've been pranked boy you did it again
tomorrow computer is beating crazy why
would you do that to me twice you've
done this unusual guys we have done it
before so go and check the video out
we'll roll the clip to show you guys
where we got the laptop from
do you have a silver computer a laptop
silver yeah okay thank you
I need a silver one let's have a look
what's in there guys oh there's only
Telly's I think I'm going to struggle in
here I don't need to tell you I need a
laptop not good there's another box here
I can look through yes this is gonna
have to do hilarious foodie Anja Larry
taking way to honor my heart dry out t I
just heard a big thud what is she
pointing there yep sneaky just go anyway
go take leave - bye-bye
come on Jonathan it's just a swishy
you've got
oh my gosh is wet them even more not a
good law can't believe the faux fur
again I mean this is just getting
ridiculous I'm going to get rid of this
computer I'm putting it in my skip so
you can't use it in any more pranks what
I'm very grateful you never use my right
T this is the one we're gonna use the
one we used in the pool last time but T
we can't put the real one in no we'll be
fine we'll get away with it too yeah
let's do it then yeah I'm still not
going to thank you you know you will
make you sorts on it use my real
computer for using both in the prank
well you guys always get me involved so
that's your choice
let it snow what's this calendar is that
on your website the link in the
description down below I've got a
surprise for you
I can see Saunders name on the calendar
guys yeah by the way you'll meet
chocolates inside this calendar let's go
and have a look tea
me and mums got what is mouth so guys
you can only get these calendars on
Tiana's website Hospitaller calm that's
the only website where you can get your
on as much of things like this the
Christmas of course and have your own
name put on them now you know get off
for squishies then
you
