of the TT school few moms and I've
already got Andrea subscribers on the
t-yong channel thank you I'm just so
shocked because I've never got like a
million subscribers so fast before Wow
and I woke up this morning I went on my
iPad and I checked and I said 1 million
members of the titties I've just said
I've got 1 million members of the TT
squad but I'm forgetting about toys and
me I've got over 8 million and a half
minute subscribers on toys in me so if
you add that up like that it'll be like
a nearly 10 million members of the TT
that is so say but still guys today is
going to be like circle one I've got
million subscribers on the Tiana town
too basic
is what this movie is about I found up
somebody and I think some of you guys
will know who shares and that person is
Karina Garcia this looks like and also
I'll even link in the description down
below so you can go check her out and
subscribe
yes apparently guys she is the strength
Queen what I think she is anyway and
also I phoned her earlier and asked her
if she can come to my house and make a
giant slime that's what we're gonna be
doing and I am really really really
pretty
Karina has advised me on the best
products and ingredients to make slabs
that's well obviously you can tell that
we're going to be making some clear
slime and we've got lots of good we've
got tired as the activator they've got
baking so now red food coloring sponges
and also we've got a scent it smells
amazing so cool and we've also got some
up tricks Morty I wash as an activator
some glitter glue which is gonna be so
but a long Eugene normally I see people
using tight so we've got tied and up
tricks and baking soda and that's what
we got and the sponges are for making
jelly cube slimes gonna be done this
video you're watching right now is
basically gonna be the behind the scenes
of making a giant slab the Carina Garcia
is gonna be so
and that's also gonna go on to Yamaha I
don't know one that idea McQueen is
gonna go toys a mate I'm an Aussie
Karina's gonna be doing a video on her
channel I'm really really excited
no what's your no I think she might be
here well thank you sign okay I'm now
for sign anything your honor
so I will just get straight into it so
basically from this line you need a lot
of water it's basically just regular
sign and then just a bunch of hot water
and then mix it in they super jiggly
kind of jelly
yeah it's so weird also since I am here
in the UK I notice you guys don't have
loves like supplies right yeah yeah this
blue I don't know what the brand is do
you like I can every boy deal what it
even is but I couldn't find regular do
so I mean I couldn't find Elmer's glue
so I'm just we'll just pour this in here
yeah I notice that it's not as pigmented
and also it has it has a scent to it
okay I don't know what's going on
we have been mixing this thing for how
long and usually with jiggly sign you
add hot water and it's supposed to
absorb it and it gets very jiggly you
know that supposed to do but this one
nothing's happening I feel like if it is
differ and stiffer you know I was really
cocktails if you know what it's a little
it has to work you know Kalu's the same
anywhere but I think the problem is it's
that maybe the who I used is a little
bit different I think I did notice that
this one was a little bit thicker so
maybe that's why I have no idea what
happened but yeah yeah I don't know
y'all cuz I'm also good okay so that's
why I think you look blue so I think
this was a fail I mean it's still slime
but it's not issue is that it just
doesn't absorb it out because you know
the ones that I have seen people when
they make it it does get stringy like
this but it's stretching and it's
absorbing it this is not even like
absorbing it at all the water hasn't
gone down whatsoever the plastic hour
that we've been eating yeah like it's
just not going anywhere so I know
something's wrong
okay this
oh this is crazy no I dig it in the
swine flycatcher we're not mean lady
guys we cannot get this to work in a lot
of what we do is just doing that yeah
it's so weird
like now that it's fitting it does feel
a little bit stretch here but it just
it's not good I don't think what jiggly
find this must feel like no nothing like
this just stretch it if you wanted to
stretch that Google super super super
slow because if you just stretch it link
down below
not so good yeah together yeah I feel
like nothing's news news for sure
okay thumbnail that's amazing
oh my god that is so good it's not it's
not even going anywhere right now tall
okay that's you soon
oh my gosh okay goodbye now
it doesn't even pop it oh my god it
doesn't even pop it okay Wow
because it is for bubble pops but we
were originally going for it some jiggly
slime and we kind of failed but if you
want to see a great video a great time
video really soft really crunchy that
helps our channel make sure to link the
video down below and yeah thanks for
helping me out I'm sorry there got to
meet a lot of your has inspired this was
something thank you guys for watching I
love you guys whoa okay it's just it's
not going away
okay
Frankie Susan thanks for having me it
was so much fun yeah I know my sign was
a film but this was a blast with you
bubble queen this one right here which
is the jacobs time the video of me
making this with critical CF will be on
toys on me so make sure to check that
out I leave the link in the description
below and this line which we call this
one fail it may not look like a bell
just by me doing that but trust me it
was enough it is nice stretchy Cooper to
that all I can do with that is made
fools that's the only thing that's also
really stiff and this is the one that I
did on Carina channel and also this one
right now which was the behind the
scenes for here and the actor of the
year will be on Rinas channel which is
really really cool and also Maggie
Korean are for going to my classes to
help me make some slime and Iceland they
are but this my feels not the worst one
though as you can see it's not the worst
it's just not very thick so again thank
you know 1 million subscribers are me to
your turn they're not
because I've got many 10 million members
of the TT spawn which is really really
shocking so yeah I hope you all and dog
I'm gonna say all of the videos to be
honest love y'all bye
