listen to my first never-before-seen
beat to those videos and it's full of
stuff
I've never done before baby video and
lol as I said called the ultimate price
to be all pranks
come on me sir
wakey-wakey breakfast Kyodai come on
Tiana wake up where chef
here we go breakfast you're here buddy
breakfast wakey-wakey you can be the
girls
Tiana much much neater I wanted to
surprise you some cereals up so these
American cereals so you try some
American cereal for breakfast see what
you think
so you looked at the boxes
yeah
these are basically like the transcoder
and then this cinnamon toast crunch
hmm so the first one we're trying is
love these trials with the unicorns in
oh my god
so this is what they look like there
wasn't any unicorns in so here they are
unlike the actual Syria or different
shapes and then there's the Lucky Charms
inside which is the marshmallows oh
really did taste yeah
they are very good so overall I'm very
much mother I mean any cons on much
being loving so nice 10
so the next one my tribe is their
cinnamon toast crunch mmm definite could
see the cinnamon so time to try it dude
day one I like it I don't really like
this because it reminds me Christmas
it's okay
Lord you ran out of time it's not that
bad I'll rate it about six as I rate it
like a three and I'd give it an eight
really eight for money three thumbs
you're not Lucy six did a while I think
of Mickey good cereal because I'm not a
big fan of cinnamon no I'm not use this
in a real challenge cereals what do you
think but all of them know some
different ones I admit my own recipe Oh
to fix better me in the kitchen and
restaurants and Betty no fishes no
shouts no
right we might see about that later on
then why do we do the real food versus
chocolate challenge I've got some
recipes okay next cereal
kameena so next we have lucky chance but
chocolate flavor
rainbows so this the but the look the
charm I guess it's the heart AHA oh yeah
I love heart
Hockley a nod and a rainbow and then
then what this it out we're licensed put
a little you horseshoe yeah yeah I've
got this rainbow auto shooting star
alone okay so it's taste time just
finish one yeah okay
okay yeah yeah they love trial they look
like a remake a lucky chance but mmm
last night we had a sleepover me Lucia
Gianna and I decided to give to honor a
little prank I covered the room covered
during teddy bears because she woke up
she was like why are all of these are my
bowels did you get up - because when I
clean you down this morning
you don't like yeah here was another
serious mess who's having a party
well I invited the kids your you've got
to be um well Vonda
oh yeah well I think this would be the
fake version of Lucky Charms okay
alright ready to taste or smell it make
days bring to a bowl crunching sound
crunchy faces it say that you'll enjoy
knocks your honor no no so your sister
the one way we're gonna get loads
breaking what number their money Oh fine
okay
three yeah I'm gonna go to as well Wow
okay so this is the last stereo on its
lips and it says on the back here that
you can get Froot Loops marshmallow so I
guess they'll be like fruit loops like
charms my two favorites tails
Jordan there I can see it's your honor
there in fact that can be door did not
Wow different colors come on now what do
you think some long delay after the tape
so that's a good sign numbers let's see
money first eight Wow still depend
there's over eight or nine sir eight
point five like point brain may see okay
so soon for men the best serial number
one yeah yeah I like the chocolate look
a chance the best though what's
happening now it's time for me to other
tapes
the restaurant so this is your homemade
sake because I've run out of bowls you
go to taste so partly this one was the
best error than yeah yours was chocolate
very sweet
it's like she baked in it what oh I just
can't believe it
I've never ate that much before if you
guys enjoyed this video make sure to
give it a like and also you could
subscribe
ah I'm cool when you've done before you
can get so shut up just like this and
you can maybe comment what your favorite
cereal is and if this video made you
hungry make me hungry
my favorite so is the same normal
outcome again but how come you look on
all of the food you feed in the kitchen
with me making dishes but makes easier
on later on the deliver what's always it
man I just love the restaurant videos
why don't we do real versus chocolate
