hye-won may see her hello mrs. Benito
right now I'm gonna go up here and if
you guys you guys are wondering where we
are
we're in the pool right now yeah it's a
bit random but we're in the pool because
so basically I wanted to give you like a
little update of it yeah look I'll show
you it's a swamp
it's really tough be all the way down
all the way down it it's actually quite
big in your shape you have to wear a
little bit yes so basically I wanted to
give you like a little update on the
pool so basically it's nearly done so
what we need to do for it now
is it mean I was on tiles and then
obviously fill it up with the water yes
I'm super excited for this really happy
yeah today is actually really hot am I
not look like it's that sunny but it's
hot was really really yeah so today dad
is just getting ready right now because
I think he's going to be Tiggers to give
you par yeah that should be so fun so we
get to go to a couple different ones and
I think I've got one part in my mind
which I want to go to and you guys have
probably saw it before as well so you're
excited
yeah and also if you did not know my
brother Jordan has got his own YouTube
channel nah and you know how it's just
Tiana
his it's just Jordan yes so basically
the kind of videos it's going to be some
of them is going to be like reacting and
me and me to get a reaction video yeah
it was so fun yeah it was reacting to
old videos it was really funny in the
virus and some of them so make sure you
guys go check that out
those are good things
corner just our YouTube channel even
though what just don't tell him and also
thank you guys for telling me that
Jordan's going to be pranking me as well
yeah so I watch out yeah I'm gonna be
watching out if we see something
suspicious and his last one yeah yes and
also I'll leave the link in the
description excited to go to the little
challenge Yeah right and girls so the
person who touches the grass the most
losers all right after freaked after
three to one we always do free to one
tiana you know that you me see three two
one go
come on no grass well that's good
techniques Jana use your hands crawl it
ball don't may say I'm watching them
feet for the grass I'm getting close
no grass involved well you recognize no
grass there is there Wow look at these
snails
whoa Domo Domo done Tiana I may see
oh I'm keeping your eyes no grass so far
that's amazing
spider-woman or should I say spider-girl
come on hold up well no one's just
regret Oh Macey templed she's getting
tangled in the spider web
well done Tatiana Macy's going to be
successful as well that is very
difficult
come on the may say well done Gianna I'm
sure you've never been successful on
this part so basically me say this part
Tiana's a swing across there and London
there without touching the grass or the
floor well that's the end of the course
you're gonna go back okay to meetin ya
Maisie hold on the Rope hi then you've
got to have a big swing make sure your
feet vote to go on the good look brain
go the same eight simple Yandel Verve
Rockford Rock right Donna
basically love a good big swing me see
come on I'll show you something there
may see when we came to the park last
night was a long time ago too and I
couldn't do this No
to know what does some just over there
as well
we'll soon find that out what more goats
may say come on come on oh do you know
what she's gonna fit in China shut up
what you'll do kid what about number
like that
Oh Johnny you've got no chance of
fitting in that baby swing that's for my
help
newbie alright may see you good to go
are you stop challenge first one to get
the baby swing well no come on come on
don't go on the baby swings on the pork
cuz you'll get stuck these are the best
yep mace has gotta fears that right me
see
you don't like the swings I'm just going
to go for a relaxed doing that I can't
make the swing go upside down what's
being upside down right
what's your nurse has been brave me see
okay where's Jonah Lucy
come on down come on this is this the
one that you should go dizzy okay so I'm
gonna spin this anywhere hey one minute
37 seconds late you know why can't you
stand up why oh wow wait that's quick
that's quick quick where's the ring blow
that once a good come on in see I'm not
seeing you Nursery Rhymes
you know you get stuck in there I'm
definitely open you Tiana Mesa I'm gonna
see how good you are passing the ball
okay hold on straight line to my feet
the closest that's what I need to say
because you wanted to join a football
team that you are not so I want to just
test out your skills it's best to use
the side you've you fought to pass like
that
okay so take a few steps back before you
pass be using your left foot okay good
to go left foot let's see then yeah pass
the ball Oh straight to my feet excuse
me they say do better than Chiana please
let's do it oh excuse me
so this is the house this is the house
where you got rid of your bottle and
your dummy right there guys
John the throw dummy and bottle up that
window when you threw away your bottle
and your dummy out the window that time
you never went back to it ever after
that did you
right yeah good times there yeah
remember the kitchen what came to the
back garden that time what some cat food
was beautiful once in that kitchen
beautiful yeah let's try to keep it was
that
even though it's winter
