Oh
I just saw it tire look random the guys
is freezing here I've got two layers of
hoods are the match layer of course and
just a coat and that's why I wear lots
of boots as well it's freezing and my
act white cursive and I'm here to meet
Jordan so come on okay so I did a
flashback it was freaky
don't you guys make the troops are weird
like really crazy oh that was dropped
Norwich
Oh
what's he
maybe we should get a monkey instead of
a dog I'll be kind of cool because that
monkeys lexing them so no I think I'm
gonna look for the flamingos and really
excited about this and I know they have
done
this is the first time I've ever saw
penguins only a few after supportive
swimming baths but it's not it's a bird
Oh what is Gracie's Osmond is beautiful
and what I've seen so far today I really
wanted to say I wanted to see a maker
all that is symbols
simples this is what I'll be doing guy
there's some really cold affairs I'll be
in here
there might even be something happening
or home there that is cool guys look at
this area it looks new
so there must be some cool things in
there what is it smell Oh
whoa
that wall
that one's grabbing the tree from
outside
look
that is what you call chillin this is a
orangutan another one's clearly is for
me oh baby oh there's also luckily all
treehouse they've been trying to show
you everything was here but mostly
animals are inside I think it's because
it's because is having anybody around I
think it's best to come here in the
summer or that's pretty cool in here
well common said this animal freaking
out but I don't know why
look at that them laying down this huge
Wow
you might not be able to tell but these
turtles are like this size of a smooth
car guys is getting dark already we
should be heading home right now oh yeah
also I forgot make sure you busy shop
tuned ok dot uk' leader descriptions
don't mean that I'll be the best virtual
ever ever we're so cool as you can see
I'm wearing a tiara signature much and I
make sure you subscribe puts a
notification belt
Tianna so then you won't miss up on any
fun looks like this so much fun here and
talk was so goddamn go back to school
tomorrow
and I'm really excited so I'm gonna have
to go bed early tonight
I'm really excited to see my friends at
school so yeah hey all enjoyed this
party the next
