as there are one of my best friends from
school here as paler and I can't see her
right now because of this ball thing and
I'll explain that later which you
probably already guessed it basically
what we are doing is that's my 20 I'm a
lot of you guys really liked it so I'm
doing it again but with Taylor and it's
going to be so so and also if you wanted
remember to subscribe and put in there
to pitch well I'm joining me as if you
want attention
they'll be awesome and potatoes actually
you're going to be like two days that's
so annoying
so if she's going to be going through us
at choosing her to look up of these
things and I'm gonna think mind-reading
and I'm gonna take intense so so sweet
well it's fun it's time to start to jog
lose say done when you're done
oh yes
today 100 Michael I wasn't gonna need a
whole bowl because like some of these
can get into wasting time since rap
football
sprinkles shape these Springs are so
pretty I think it's my turn she's right
yeah
ten okay
oh my gosh this might the clothes with
the sprinkles might turn to white with
my scar a bit this is my unicorn world I
said I would say we have yellow food
coloring and Alan please
burnished gold flakes so pretty like
this so Taylor is using first and I go
to mind with her you can add gonna wait
and library okay
okay bye
these are very christian√≠s but the whole
thing because it literally just
disintegrates into I think it's six now
okay okay
and we've got like a chips and I'm gonna
get two wrong but was with two days
apart from each other you know a lot of
service okay okay that put my slang
that's like so literally the same in the
pic map ever a thank you very snowy so
my style is basically the same as
tailors but only pairs there's not
sprinkles and mine doesn't have shaving
cream so Chrissy
and I think it's your turn to tune your
turn to my right I think I'm putting
mine in the corner because I it's gonna
squish all the time
what and it's my testaburger first she's
a tailor steps to mind-read and i'm
gonna go for
right now rainbow it will mix of every
colour hopefully yours is more like
colorful mine white oh my gosh - jelly
cubes a rainbow Jenny didn't find this
Jenny can you hear me it has great blue
and purple it like a unicorn unicorn sit
that's what it looks like I think the
different is because I thought continue
swimming until now it's pretty cool
bring food yeah that must be it nice
so just going to make our slides down I
need them I think it's going to take
about 20 minutes of mine not sure about
my 20 minutes late now so he'll finish
slide
I let me type something marketing tips
when I squeeze my Jenny cubes
well haben will be great half of it will
be blue and the rest will be pabulum
pink
I also either activate or come out
awesome other mode
random stuff yes and then activator
shaving cream look who's out of line so
remember to comment down below I'm Tiana
oh I'm sure that I like the color of
Taylors but for me I might be a very
feeling of mine okay so this is mine and
it's small lighter than yeah this is a
shame because I dreaming dreaming
Instagram swell you should have took a
screenshot of that
okay so I'm quite proud of my said I've
actually never ever ever mix time for my
yeah I would because you cos well so
yeah I hope you all enjoyed this videos
I really like this
so yeah today
