what everything make sure everything can
see the amazing world of toys and me we
can make loads of unboxing videos just
like Tiana hop your way to an accessory
build surprise the toys and then all
right right yeah
okay guys so we're in smooth toy
superstars right now and when they're
the baby aisle so I know y'all expect
that way yeah so now we're just looking
for somewhere to hide you know that's
not like down here cuz we know that
these are just push chairs no we're not
going to fit well cuz which means I
could go in here no that's too obvious
there how would you get under there I
look at this that's some rocking chair
alright we could go in these so let's
try and suss away out so you've got the
camera room in it I'm gonna try it looks
like you can and I have no idea how to
work baby stuff
I could go then you could go in the
other one but so as it looks really
crammed in it yeah I don't think that
would work but we could give it a go
should we test it isn't your work just
look and it's kind of see-through let's
just look somewhere else yeah where else
below
no we're not gonna both fit in there all
right we're out let's look and decide
you're actually yep it's a very loud
down the sand
they're 902 people that's actually
really high yeah
oh my gosh let's just double-check this
aisle cause like one Wow oh my gosh it's
already been made yeah we're going here
we have that our spot
yeah now we've got to be a bit quiet
because people still here so let's just
start moving yeah so Pat the box quick
all right so let's pull this one out
actually that can be our door but you
feel me can I invite I'm gonna get in
and then you get in hate definitely see
how much rooms in that tirana there's so
much room all right
by remote users
alright let's just ignore
remove our door like this somebody moved
our door
then they saw isn't anyone
yeah watching her on I only go on the
scooters remember there's nobody has we
can make as much noise as we want let's
go it's hard to block whilst riding your
scooter oh my gosh my toys come back no
yeah I love this what can you hear the
wind your car alright so we've got a
toys I meet mega pop box three wait
three two one
she'll be gone all right I got Oh a
Power Wheels car so this is the power
wheels
and this is my post box and this side it
has like the paper in it yeah and then
I've got like a little Lego thing which
this is my rainbow I got it's kind of
scary because it's quite dark it's just
that some of the lights are turned off
is here this is my rainbows
it's black yeah yeah so it is now black
as you can see in the husband for ages
it kind of looks bright Oh camera but it
actually is not
so we're at the gaming section oh my
gosh maybe there's a roblox Metro bucks
um these are Sims salaah oh yeah we
should explore the tails but I can't see
at all so I literally don't know where
I'm going let's set up a tripod for you
wait no let me hold it whilst you get up
it's people walking past it's so bad but
compartment you know when we come from
till - till aunt you scatter do that
Hobbit a sec go but should I try no all
right so let's go try and get the
basketball into the hoop with the Red
Square
and comment down below if you think
she's gonna do it I'm not sure so do one
victory dance floss I shoot straight on
the camera so you can see watch this
ready to Monica ooh it's gonna be a big
jump where is she Wow
so we're just eating some snacks then
we're gonna do some probably go to bed
so now we're gonna choose our pillows
for tonight I'm choosing this one
because it's like pink mine is a white
unicorn will have Pegasus because I find
it so cute Oreo Tiana
give me some room stop stop I don't have
any room next morning
come on no can you hear that
that's like a box found on me like you
did that - the box that on me since you
woke me up open it without my nose so my
name is Brittany I'm so tired but like
that actually what not like really basic
hammock is a full name can you because
they are we've got to find somewhere to
hide where do we go
No
I just got away
oh my gosh high five
