pop into the amazing world of toys to me
and find an accessory surprise
Tiana let's go we need to get to the
studio we can make loads of unboxing
videos just like Tiana and with loads of
cute accessories to collect you can pop
your way to an accessory sales surprise
the toys and me range out now so -
you're not let's talk more about these
nails you want yes mum I really really
really want acrylic nails I don't think
she understands how serious these nails
are you can't do anything with long
nails yawn it's hard but I'm clever and
I really want them like really long -
that is too long oh my gosh
I've had them in the past and they are
annoying because you can't do buttons up
just little things like that - bye there
were things with buttons I think we'll
put you to the test then yeah well wait
I want them tonight tonight Yeah right
shall i phone my friend then who's got a
salon this is one one thing what about
dad we should just turn that I'm nervous
I'm not no dad won't let your friend in
- well we can just do it anyway shall we
try it shall we just go and see what he
says yeah yeah yeah let's go
when he was in the kitchen what what is
that with his nails thing to know are
you in forward this way you're not
having nails no end of time you've got
to agree just this one time experience
the long nose oh okay it's experience
the nails
Oh toys it daddy here guys
titi squad Chiana if she has these nails
done she won't be able to do all these
things what she does day-to-day and they
should understand she's too young for
these or the cord just knows acrylic
what's it mean mark was with a quick
when it's a big attention and then it's
like it's not jealous that's what it's
called a crib that goes over the nail
it's wrong that's what it is
okay we'll say do you not know what to
do alright pad you look better do what
all the things you do cuz you've got a
quick acrylic acrylic leg acrylic nail
okay hey what were you going okay what
if you booked in for tonight I'm filming
it olks it's gonna be entertaining all
right there you go you can let's do it
so now I'm just on my way to my
appointment for half-past five to get my
acrylic nails so much done can't say
which is very very weird and very
embarrassing and I'm just watching this
video in the car where dad pranked me
with my bag and just seemed like mainly
the part where you're spying on me it's
very interesting and I see always been
doing
I enjoyed that break I cannot believe
that you agreed to prank me still after
that prank video now I'm a bit nervous
but I just cannot believe that you want
to still prank especially after that
video clip are you laughing ah I can say
up grill up acrylic nails not yourself
well if the comment down below and say
that there was daddy squad to get his
nails done then I will but I don't beat
the we'll be doing that why are you
trying to say
but nice fingers stop it mom Tommy's and
another great new one
you ready then yeah I'm definitely ready
so they nothing nothing nothing
you're a nut surety yeah hey what fuller
are you gonna choose anything for your
nails what do you think you got all
those what I need on Falak oh that one's
good
yeah the nice one too this is the three
about this one about what red is your
favorite color is this all that one's
like yeah that is Magic sickness that
one
so far as nails feel no really word hey
I'm just looking around this room to see
what I could I've done facial no are
told I could do a cadaver bit of a
relaxation moment where does the head go
there is that right yeah come on then
babe you know what you're gonna do
have you massaged this is so cozy can I
pop this off in front my sod oh nice
facial mmm my face is already nice thank
you
says who I give myself a mouse or is
that
so have all my nails I like a witch and
I'll be good for Halloween you're half
of it I could dress up as a witch then
that right now you cannot be a critic
put on and then you can have them paint
it yeah
I can't wait to see people's reactions
when we go into shops and stuff she's
looking forward to it oh sure brave what
so basically when people see you trying
to buy shopping and you can't pick it up
or manage it then what you gonna think
that Jordan would not like to see you've
long now if I went to school in these I
wouldn't be able to write my name do
just one of those no no whoever's up on
the red on Dallas see what you're gonna
have the next facial Alberta peel you
put something on your face and it peels
off like a
so here are my finished nails and
they're really long and sparkly on bread
I really lost oh my gosh I mean the
pinkies look just weird cuz they're long
then they were laughs okay
Gianna I've got my challenge for you
before believe you ready yeah come on
let's see you pick the coins off that's
why mr. by hand the gate the rest
that's like it's taking it to your form
with your nowait now pick them up with
your fingers like this let's try you got
nails how do you feel now so now we're
to attempt to get in the car with these
me very carefully
don't you see don't take trying to get
with
hands-only tea oh that is cheap she's
still gonna struggle look okay well then
you got to put your belt on me leaving
seriously takes that long to get a seat
belt on just because you've got long
nails women bother to have de nails then
that make any sense
oh wow
now I'm going to attempt to get the iPod
on and play on roblox
what are you doing
nothing's up in Wichita the bar you gave
up of the character forget eats about
with the hungry
did you to save me dream of those nails
yeah you have got to any sign-in thing I
think we all our fans know about that
she's not wearing those nails to the
meet and greet they're coming off if you
don't know about the meet and greet
chiana's got a meet-and-greet in
Birmingham on the 22nd of September at
the boring shopping center which is
about remote shop next to the ball you
know that copper ball the one just there
that's right I'm a gonna be there Sunday
as well that's funny 36 I'm about 10
a.m. all day Sunday 11 a.m. all day
thank you for the optional no tickets
needed meet-and-greet no tickets needed
and talk about the exclusive merch
what's going to be at your pop-up shop
and the website is link in the
description let's do it right so look at
these are the challenges we're gonna try
co-op groceries things like Siana can
you pass me the milk please
yeah baskets Jana let's see what happens
now this is a funny part that's why you
did the challenge and I let you do this
college basketball would you ask Sanne
to get the groceries
konami zulu milk please
come on bleh bleh-bleh
okay Fred please zeona
can I have with sunup newspaper please
not to watch this one
so I would like some bananas now - okay
so now going to get some chips
attentively it burns so you're not using
the form we're going to do in the
traditional way with just your fingers
because you said you want to have these
nails and so far it's been very
entertaining especially that's opening
up a supermarket yeah
Siana he's not using a wok when you guys
launch it that's the deal you can't be
doing that without listen to mothers and
none you will understand when your third
set I was telling you the truth that's
the problem coming by the way you watch
Glee video
let me see if we can pick one I let me
go so easy okay
take the sausage up done that see the
sausage left left left the lip balm is
Elin
oh yes guys
that was very very fun having my nails
done for the very first time
acrylic now super super look and I can't
even do that properly like normally up
there I just can't I just can't
it's just weird and that can't even get
his done like this because none of them
are his size no it's because I bite my
nails and not just that I'm glad because
I don't want to do this challenge so
don't comment down below asking me to do
this challenge guys please because I
won't do it no matter what you say Tiana
and no matter what you are you will no
I'm not anyways remember to subscribe
put an education belt on and code when
you've done cuz you might actually get a
shout out and also you're being titties
but if you do that and why is she doing
that comment down below if you like
these things
see the meeting V guys Birmingham boring
shop is Center right next to the copper
ball where Tiana's pop-up shops gonna be
come down we'll have some fun like
always TT squad I strike daddy squad
over and out
