pop into the amazing world of toys in me
and find an accessory surprise Chiana
let's go we need to get to the studio we
can make loads of unboxing videos just
like Tiana and with loads of cute
accessories to collect you can pop your
way to an accessory filled surprise the
toys and me range up now so I will be
basically choosing good first because
she's do yes she'll pick one know what
she's doing it for in a bowl I'll pick
what wearable and then we don't next to
the end and we won the last time I did
this challenge I'm sure you you won that
once your honor eyelid normally wins you
did really good but this time I'll is
back to get some revenge on Tiana
comment down below who defeats gonna
make the best slime Dombey Oh
Jonah you forgot something
that's right guys we're coming to
Birmingham for a meet-and-greet again
we've been there before at the boring
shopping centre in fact when you come to
the mean beat guys you know with the
bullies the statue ball chiana's got a
shop right next to that ball that's
where they meet greets could it be you
guys on the 22nd of September 10 a.m.
we're gonna be there Sunday 11 area for
the whole day what's the best party on
about this Mean Green guys come down to
Birmingham to the boring we're gonna
have some fun Tiana's got a shot there
she's going to happen all sorts of new
merch some things what you can't even
get online only at the shop so calm down
to the bean greet no tickets oh my god
some toys and daddy here
okay you ready then girls each time you
get a glove pour into the bowl wait till
the end
but you pick yours is going after Jana
then you complete their you can do you
look into the ball at the same time okay
let's see what you got what do you do
like what do you think you've got
oh my gosh you got cuz they not see this
on your drug that's the way to do it
you're
so basically squeeze it then they'll be
a big bubble then you then you do it
look at me I will give you they think so
I thought this is going to be like a
backward slant rubbish oh oh oh this is
where
oh yeah
well that was quick okay y'all to give
thanks Bob
what does the boy say blue okay well
it's definitely both such a Susan so I
think it's going to be activated
Oh
and completely change this was going to
be an orange time anyway because of the
red in a yellow I remember when I pop
cool it was dyed black
oh I look like
yeah the table over activated this
driver but only blew out so I can't put
mine on the table oh nice blue old
clothes of mine isn't even mixers like
fire or something you're just gonna be
nice the color might already over
activates it this is the table it looks
like anyway the or basically I just
didn't feel all these dropping on me I
love the color of this actually Phillip
mines gonna be really over activated
with all the way that look oh I don't
like the look of that because
okay
I hope to see some of you guys ah that
was a big football tonight 12 and it
time to reduce more sit remember Tiana
