oh yes come on guys you know you like it
that is Squatch looking good we are
doing a gymnastics challenge guys it's
going to be so fun
even earlier on today I did a court will
give me a ten did you guys know after
the giveaway
so pathway guys I'm gonna give you away
okay okay you're doing a giveaway hoping
to arrive to the hoverboard which is
going to be announcing the winner is
Friday okay so comment down below guys
something nice people mentioned anything
about maybe we're gonna do another
giveaway for iPhone these comments down
below and all you have to do is correct
me if I'm wrong - you're not subscribe
to me subscribe to tiana now hit in
their expectation Belle and follow her
on Instagram links down below is talent
I'm very flexible what are you gonna do
oh yes right I'm the George
oh yes yes out of ten I'm the judge so
my rules as well I need a good school
okay I'll be honest with my scores down
below you see you'll see you'll see oh I
do I've got I've got some in my little
black book oh but you've got them for me
oh yes so I'm going to be the judge and
I will be scoring you and the first move
is going to be a cartwheel on the way to
the shot on the schoolroom
I'm always the record with you wish over
to the judge for Tyler's score 802 Tiana
ok
you can never ate - wait it's time to
get the ten what are you doing daddy's
getting Magritte
come on then God let's see you fail like
a robot so that deserves a boy yes it
was next one up round off research on
this round off over to the judges I
think you deserve 8.5
gianna every two digit is cause people
the same scores but it depends
excuse me you're looking for George Unni
I can do that I can take some points
away make sure you give me a proper
score for this way to call around
eternal come on then another fail
ballerina
what's my school this is really hard
really hard next one up is forward roll
don't you mean roly-poly little babies
can do that over to the judges cards
okay well she has got long hair so I'm
going to bad schools publishers you go
into a hunt of it not bad hmm just score
cards
Wow it's about the technique forward no
way what kind of judge is this woman
here I see
a bit you're gonna get a 6.5 come on I
know you've got to impress me more let's
see what your honor can do oh that's it
really a botanist why is it called what
is this corn why is it called I love it
can you finish a handstand forward roll
on your buttocks oh I don't know let me
know down below it's all about the
judges great you see my gosh you got to
give me a real good score okay come on
then
you can't dance for me because I've run
out of rope Matt your balance yet again
was just too much fake
well anyway is going to be ready for
your next move
why is it walkover I need some a look at
one of these okay okay fair enough
no no when you first do it and it feels
amazing
okay Tiana Tiana Tiana Wow Oh backwards
what what kind of insect to you uniqua
and judges Connor well done that's right
boom again one is better than not
attacking I did say to mom wouldn't your
last move for today is going to be a
home stand home stands hmm I think this
is we're gonna redeem myself on a lot of
support in the daddy squad all dads
aren't there
watch the understand coming up I'm gonna
support the cause well done that was
very weak I love 9.50
oh look listen I need attendees bar I
know the judges not doing the the scores
right we just want you good girl thank
you
okay Tiana
she's stepping on the before yeah look
good you did I was very impressed so
therefore you were going to get annoying
hello my twos always pointed look my
toes pointed all the time I got at 9 or
10 oh right come on then okay it's not a
turn because you're kinda like I thought
you was on a trampoline bouncing you can
do that no sorry you're gonna get to
five five what are you doing I'm taking
five points away cause you've been very
Mardy promise for with them five what do
you what do you think at least would you
like to do another one without thank you
for giving me another girl you're
welcome okay
you did oh you've got a problem with
bounce and Sandman go 1 billion won for
the end
Wow why is it said dad I'm giving you a
tenth of that cartwheel that was amazing
listen daddy squads gonna give the outro
because I just got myself a ten let me
know in the comments down below on see
on this channel of course cuz it's not
mine but I'm doing the outro if you like
my t-shirt and then forget to give ways
coming up very soon good look in the
copies down below like subscribe in the
notification bow and we'll see you next
time
you
