pop into the amazing world of toys in me
and find an accessory surprise Gianna
let's go we need to get to the studio we
can make loads of unboxing videos just
like Tiana and with loads of cute
accessories to collect you can pop your
way to an accessory build surprise the
toys and me range out now look at the
faces look at the phrases right
what depends are quick you to react to
the item on the aisle because we did the
shopping challenge in the supermarket
before when you were shopping and you
never got Jordan any groceries you
remember that one yeah you're just
buying stuff for yourself forgot about
mainly Jordan so we're gonna head to the
aisles to be under aisle I'm gonna go
for example milk then these two they're
gonna go but try and get the milk do the
honors comment down below who you think
right
I think once you come in here and do
this challenge no no I could beat mom so
you two could be the referee I mean mom
come come you do this challenge coming
down believe want me in the mom to do it
right which Alfred why are you choose
which over I'll are wanton let's go to
the crisps aisle freighter on goal
hello why you're gonna watch t on an
eyelid to a challenge I'm gonna name an
item on this aisle and it's the first
one to find it then watch watch this
Chiana ila you ready quavers I love you
left you trolley I love gets the boy
volatile Oh use your tactics you should
have taught the charlie i lo a smart
wall done wait a bit we need to make
sweet debates with Holly Tyler again
frost this good trolley control around
the customer for you make a good driver
in the future okay this one's got a
little bit of it Swiss girls it's an
item it's cat food but it's got a name
we've got to look for the brand whiskers
Wow you need a lot right next time I'm
doing this challenge with warm I love it
keep this
- first we put I love coordination easy
that was complicated
I couldn't even follow you I'll try to
stop with what was gotten along with it
Lord what are you doing you can't go
shopping over this oh come on that's the
funniest right that's enough to be a
replay - complicated fun even film you
guys rice Tiana
there you go rice
no trolleys just on for for the front of
your trolleys I need to see hold on
buh-bye four five point five point by
read labels read labels Popeyes Popeyes
it's Jana
the points let's go
carrots seon-ah
I love to see parts of carrots for the
rabbits toys you mean make a couple
players in the trolley point for Tiana
look I love I'll or spider-man backpack
spider-man backpack oh that is a draw
guys draw them tops our earliest point
chicken
I love dog
Oh pocketing the most people that's
Warren yeah
Ari's tengo yum-yum-yummy Ari's tango
that's it come on either I want to give
Tiana the bad news orange tango highly
get the point they're not Orange tango
you've got a Fanta but look frozen peas
oh wow that was a draw that was a draw
that was a draw a she fans to do the
honors now you need to look at the item
carefully I want to see a lasagna dish
lasagna dish lasagna
read read lasagna it's got to be lasagna
girls
lasagna who's got it John was first and
it is perfect beef lasagna my always be
on your guard girls always be on your
guard
t-bags
popcorn please
thank you very much like a workout at
the gym yeah this is the last round
no trolleys and it's on a random aisle I
just want you to get this item and bring
it to me Bhavana follow you and the item
is milk
what you do when you come to sleep
market you read the signs above
read the signs of both
today what I'm not quite sure who kind
of won but I saw your fans I've been
keeping you know track yeah yes yes but
now obviously I'm not editing cuz I'm
filming so at the moment I'm not quite
sure yeah but they'll decide yeah to you
the baby noises
me more comment down below if you want
to like challenge guys I'm feeling it
listen there were no rage in this video
if anyone do it hello over there you by
Jonas toys hope so
I'll if there's any left though is there
Johnny does caught a nail you do catch
the mom throws the toy back of the shelf
I wonder what it was that's of a spy
twitch it's the road are you buying
squishies naughty play mom to buy all
those if you a few will do
