and have you been enjoying your school
holidays I've had so much fun
we've just got home from LA a few days
ago and we went to London Earth Day
after you're so much fun I enjoyed it so
much and I've got a lot to catch up guys
basically I've got a new website new
merch a new school supplies and the
first thing those we talk to you about
it's a school supplies clips right here
in front of me
so I've got this pencil case which is so
cool pretty and glittery and as you can
see it's up to down Z and it's got
hearts on there I'll tell you why it's
got hots all over Atlanta and it's got
this on it my signature which says tear
of it on it of course and this keeps it
which is glittery and then I've also got
a notebook which is also upsy daaaaisy I
love the upsy-downsy guys and that's the
first page and in the or like that and
they're so pretty I definitely
definitely gonna take some of these to
school when I go back and then this is
my favorite so far the bag the bag the
bag the bag and this is so cool glittery
signature and even comes with a keychain
I love it and then there's a front
pocket and then the main
yep and yeah it's so cool it's got lots
of room in it too and I'm also the new
website the new website is called hots
by Tirana
dot-com and they look so cool it's sick
you and has all of my new much school
supplies so yes so the reason why a lot
of my merch has hearts on it as you
probably already know is because I love
hearts they're cool they're pretty and
it's basically my new thing now because
I think it looks cool like this and let
me know in the comments down below if
you like that look at this I absolutely
love it
and I actually also helped design some
of my new merch and you know what well
now why don't I just show you the
website okay let's go onto the website
okay so this is the first page then you
can go on t-shirts hoodies or school
supplies hair I'm gonna go on hoodies
and then this is Atiya hoodie yeah I
really hope you guys will like this cuz
I love it so much and the t-shirts touch
the titty squaw
oh I'm jet guys there's gonna be much
more things coming very fair I'm so
excited
rather of you'll like it yeah and links
in the description down below
and then you've already see the school
supplies we're gonna show you one more
time on the website back to school and
there's only three items now but it's
gonna be much more as I said already
yeah
so you think I want to tell you guys is
I have got other than meet-and-greet
coming up very soon I'm so excited it's
going to be under 20 instead of bogus
I'm so excited it's good to be in
Coventry
at the lower precinct shopping center so
excited let me know in the comments down
below if you're thinking about coming
and all the details are going to be in
the description down below
I really hope some of you guys will come
because obviously me my family going so
I'm back in the bedroom I've got one
more thing to tell you guys remember
these my toys my very own toys yes you
obviously remember this the pop boxes
the car which is my favorite and their
little stands turn really cute oh this
one I'm wearing the t-shirt which Tom
gave me so yes I'm very excited to share
this with you oh okay so basically back
up here
we have got a day forward more toys are
coming up ed chops like Asda Tesco Smith
toy super stores as Tina and Amazon
Amazon yes I love Amazon and yes finally
they're coming out on the 20th of August
whoo what just three days before the
meet-and-greet so if you do come to meet
and greet tell me if you've got the toys
or not
hopefully you will I did not mean to do
that
so guys this video has basically been an
update on what's coming up in the near
future I am really excited for the next
future it's gonna be so fun so yes and
if you haven't already make sure to
press the subscribe button
yeah press the subscribe button
yeah hey that's my father actually ah
see ya and also while we head why don't
you press that notification bell oh I'm
coming cuz then you'll get a shout out
just like this person so yeah hope you
toward the video make sure to join the
TT squad no y'all
