this is normally easy this ball so don't
make it hard when I get in the pool okay
please spit chilly you took the
temperature down okay I'm gonna go in
right yes I'm in three seconds dr. crane
Oh head as well okay okay
what
do a star on you back I can't swim on my
back Tiana you know before I can't do
that to your no way to my friend yeah
I'll just sink I'm too big I'll try the
back one can I hold on to the side I'm
gonna hold on to the side out I'll try
it now run you over
oh that's my favorite cuz you know a
swim underwater like a seal so I will
get those faster than when you did yours
time to talk
have you done it yet your honor I'm
getting cold ocean 400k on holidays what
I'm not going to go will the shots all I
might what would you do that well bite
me I could turn around okay right it's
time to do my seal swim ah stop went
down
don't Millie secret
bottom Davis soldier juice please
belly flops did you say belly flops got
to get used to the pain of fading on a
dive so what to do belly flops how do I
enter which way can you belly well this
is not gonna hurt like the water is it
but I've still got some fertility or no
nobody's killing right okay
what now
diamond
oh yes diamond I look diving I want to
do the front dive okay is that the right
position for the Frog what is it like
again
oh that's it remember Doug yeah ready
when you say what you done
really no a free swimming lessons your
swimming lesson X Jana also swim lesson
off okay really
thank you sorry you gave me pain in the
pool you got a secret okay when should
it be fine
I nearly did do an example then you can
use the telephone
okay right this is the example is 34
surprise yes oh I know what it is I know
what it is surprise what in the chase
lost with my lesson next week is this
Bob no this is Bobby oh no I like Bobby
I hope you enjoyed this video I had lots
of fun teacher dad hard to swim and it's
easy to go underwater well I guess it's
a boy he's kind of really really work
now do you think you realize the
surprise video I hope you enjoyed it
