this is a video advertisement for Hasbro
Tiana ila
look what as Bruce sent you some lost
kitties multipacks
yeah looking good
I've got a challenge idea to know what I
think we could do we could hide well I
could hide the lost kitties in some of
the shaping compound and then you two
could fire them as a challenge and then
the winner obviously would get the
multipad prizes
spotter this video and as you can see we
have got a lot I mean a lot of shaping
of a plant on this table and I believe
that has some lost Kitty figures on that
this is gonna be fun basically is a
challenge with my dad has it up for us
and it's the first person to fight often
lost Kitty figures woman what is all the
loser I don't think this has happened
before the loser of the challenge will
get the same prize as the winner that's
right so you get to get a multipack each
no matter what but it still feels good
to win yeah you think so we'll see we'll
see if I was playing this challenge I'll
be winning this easy yeah don't know
what is logos whoa listen to this note
you can use to end
yeah it's Albanese one okay so there you
go first person to find 10 lost kitties
is the winner what you both get prizes
you ready
you've got your balls right there right
a stand back I don't want no shaping
compound coming over in my direction so
again I mean come on
no luck coming over here I know it's
gonna get messy but it's fun really
everywhere ready for the countdown to
kitty that was hectic Gianna you squash
some of the shaping compound on the tail
of what are the lost kisses that you
know they begin it with your first watch
which one was it
kitty was it good was it that one it was
a green one that's that one coming out
they said like a teaser lost kitty there
you go it's on the on the box there so
this is the tail on the back of this
Kitty what
Siana had a problem with did it when I
come up the hiding spot there you go
right okay let's clear the table and
it's time to open the more packs
this is a video advertisement I open the
CP compound must go in there to keep it
nice and fast
I'm keeping this box good that is okay
so that's the five surprises that what's
on the front I'm spy right there have
you got a prettier girl
nice print shaking compound has got a
blind bag I've just seen another blind
bag so you must suffer another you got
two blind bags I'll ER okay
that big as well do you like big boys
like what they're meant to be what kind
of schools but when they're did yeah wow
that's cool that one there too so is
that what you can make mold lips y'all
know why I got there yeah so that's what
the so either you've got two challenges
recently I know you can do really or
just lately with the challenges yeah
cuttings you're not now are you so
what's your favorite color so far the
shaping compound
solo Kyla Wow
three and the last one coming up
okay look what do you mean the moment
it's back to corner here the character
them about guys so Tiana that one what
you found what the thought was funny
that name is cheesy lit that one there
that's cheesy
yeah cheesy let's see oh I know the one
what you've got the toilet the first one
you found yeah
flush
that was flushed right there so funny
names
yeah so what you open yours Ireland no
is that it
I'm sure is that my first want you to go
is it a lot okay
so heart is ready for you now Gianna
she's gonna openers blind bags again
well you've got the bag oh that's
different
Gianna this is that in a paper bag
little like a paper bag
now where's the blind Medina yeah okay
there we go see what Eilers got you on
that is so cool Wow is so cool
so this one is specs and this one's pots
this is my favorite this one is I'm
gonna tell you my favorite okay this one
is pixie pass oh I like this one too
cheesy no you're cool I also like this
one steps I get why it's good stuff oh
yeah my favorite one is tots because
it's got a tree but other than a great
one
I like spouse so this is chump change
chomp okay blush that's my second
favorite blush this one is Blake's
spooky this one's cool down it's ah oops
at first this confused me in tirana
position anyway and this one is Tommy
Tom mm-hmm I like and he has this one
handsome so this one you can make it
quick with the mood and it's definitely
comes reflection I see why yeah thank
you
sponsored video so yeah I
