hello today is going to be so so so so
funny
first of all and with mum hello Gary and
this is gonna be so exciting right run
oh yes we get dad back because he opened
my lost kitties and he also opened my
toy range with the heart any permission
so now we're gonna get him back
oh of course
yeah so my dad since the World Cups
finished he's now got a TV Ellie's
watching DVDs on it now all the time
whilst editing or then how he's doing
that and we are gonna be friends TV in
dancing the office now editing and
watching a DVD so it's time to get him
pranked yeah let's do this yeah really
excited comedies face and we've done
this two times already but with a laptop
and iPhone and he fell for it in today
yeah I think he's gonna fall for it
again cuz he's crazy too look how much
she loves that TV okay that starts
spying on dad then shall we yes
I can Heather DVD player
quite quick
be careful
is he watching the TV
never
you you come back
let's go in this way
Wow
you got
- we're struggling that's just not gonna
come out the office he even got his
water bottle in there
it's got to be done because we needed it
before we go to America and didn't we
take on Saturday on the 20 July to 11:00
a.m. to 1:00 p.m. we have to do it
before that of course Tiana well guys
Tiana's Doudna me angry Saturday the
20th of July 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the
Irvine Spectrum Center Drive it's right
in front of the giant Ferris wheel come
down and meet Jana and her family we're
gonna have lots of fun tea
meeting your phone here if it wasn't
broke your dad guys I will be very very
very loud and I kind of think you're
glad glad I'm not that loud yeah no
we've got to stay a little bit quiet so
dad don't know ears are very strong
sometimes I know we don't want him
coming out catching us - you do way
because then it's all gone wrong so guys
come down meet Jana on the 28th of July
11 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. no tickets needed
we look forward to seeing you if you
think that you're going yeah he'll be
nice right - we need to get on with this
prank we are struggling we've got to get
that TV in that pool no yeah so guys
we've been to California before last
year wasn't it yeah and that was really
cool
what Jana has got some surprises for the
TT squad so guys don't forget thanks
come down and have some fun with us fun
I like that part
see you soon yeah
if school the TV on there's a doctor
he's fun
but he is crazy
Oh turn it off move quick but but but be
quiet
oh geez in your face
No
watching keep swimming you've got your
shoot oh well scimitar no way you do it
again
that's not even my TV I can't believe I
fell for it again no way prank
haha where do you get these electricals
from the lexical today what Gianna let's
roll the clip so guys I'm at the rubbish
tip again do you guys remember last time
I came and got the Apple laptop when we
pranked dad in the pool
Tiana sent me here today and so mom go
and get a TV for dad so we can prank him
we only need a small one because his TVs
in the office and this one I think will
do the job so guys I've got the TV in
the back of the boot of the car and on
this part the TV does his silver no
black and this one's silver so I'm gonna
use some black tape I hope Tiana's happy
when she comes home from school
go and enjoy your film but if you joke
mate
that is an absolute joke just before we
don't American meet-and-greet you do
that's me
no way now keep your hands off you owe
me a new pair trainers enjoy my day I
was enjoying my day and wisely involved
you we're talking away and now there's
not even a TV keep your hands off the
toy range we need to get a pool
inspector out because I couldn't see
yes mean Tianna put something in it so
you couldn't say so that's you pranked
oh yes we didn't want you to see the TV
and get it straight away fix something
from the scrapyard go to that tip place
and tell the staff if you see this lady
with the decisional sausage he's my
friend
sausage comes to get any of your crap
don't let her end it will let us in t
won't it well I go arty honours at
school so terrible haha one up you did
the video with me on the lost kitties so
why are you pranking me for that the toy
range
you just know I like things what a
satisfying Wow don't touch oh no you
better not
oh well there you go smile I might even
gonna prank you back I can't be bothered
look at my TV compared to this one Bob
Bob got from the scrubber little bit
bigger look at that what'd you do put it
next you know what we had to do put some
black tape on it to disguise the silver
you too just to speak it with this print
yeah we're the best practices art we'd
say we did whittling ourselves we are
the best practice with a strike daddy
SWAT hashtag mummy squad please teach us
what those are the bomb they go I know
that one didn't say yeah gonna be the
last one hopefully it for a very long
time and guys it was sook say so much
you watching avatar not before that goes
in the pause goodbye that's crazy tea so
yeah so yes for today I had a video see
guys in America what are you doing some
trainers are oh look at the size of them
cop to cop the snow like Hartley
Kingfisher look at them kingfishers Wow
a fisherman's dream to caps one of those
