this is a video advertisement for Hasbro
this piece mine should be already lost
kitties where are you this
just look how cute is lost kitties
online wow I've got to keep track of
Jonah's little rough from school any
time now guys and she knows this
deliveries coming today these lost
kitties how many of Oakland love this
follow this color is so cool okay you
know eyesight is finding a guy who you
know that already right surprises while
we've got there do the blind my first oh
wow oh so cute
hmm alright we got let's make this up
hey that's where they are inside the
shaving compound that's right found the
two surprises we need more milks calm
stick-up
Oh
Wow
titties spud and today Hasbro has sent
me so love kitties and they look so cool
and cute I don't hope you do it my dad
having some fun opening these before me
now I get a chance I'm really excited
and thank you so much Hasbro for sending
me them and for sponsoring this if you i
can'twe it's gonna be so much fun so how
many lost kitties are there to collect
them actually 36 36 to collect yes and
this is my giant box I have got I can't
wait to open it ok Tiana over to you I
can it's gonna be my first one this is
gonna be my 11th one maybe 12 what I did
open a few shavings compound I've seen
out on the carton there say you know
I've seen them before
I'm carrying of defectives what find
something in here
oh my back look at it yet this feels so
nice
you have the sacred well I saw something
here I've just noticed a print on the
shaping compound when you open the blind
bag right there guys they must be deck
acessories so you could use that on the
shaping compound yeah I got so great oh
we make so this is the computer
mouse just good can you see it mm-hmm
Ivan gonna trying to grapes right in
there
whoa that's cool oh yeah my bad okay so
now I need to on the check list for
someone look is that Jay rouille Jay
Rowley is Isis so first of all look at
the picture then you'll get the joke on
one it saves on it so look at the
picture I live in cities I can cuz this
which is all kind of it fit that's the
killer okay yes like put on you okay
they're closed up quite a lot that's a
game console and what I've got here
Tiana so this is another stick-up is so
cool when you you know when you got to
get in the toys out okay I got look at
this I got a sandwich so again first
look at the picture and if you can't see
who's holding it gave me control like
this one and it says it's in charge so
he could be in charge I'd so could the
game of control so this is a video
advertisement for Hasbro I got the white
one get this out okay yes a blind bag
keep that down okay right yep
I like this one let's see what else
okay I can see something like a purplish
mmm mr. Luthor wait this is one of those
spinning things I need to be oh this one
is captured of kitty
and this one's chops Trump's yeah and
then this one right here is called specs
I like this one
I'm his jag lowly I like that one I'm
sorry Don yeah wait he's upside down all
he has a manner to be absolutely yeah
you see ya isn't the checklist upside
down there's one more shaping compound
color and that is pink and I know that
because my dad played one really
challenge no no no oh lucky Pig what
titty a vice
this was a big kitty oh this guy's big
all the things really nice cut him into
it uh-huh there's the rest of you paint
I've got a spinner different color
spinner
oh this is a new one I've seen you
before
definitely seen you before I look at
this one
afters drop by sleep it was attached to
this guy's I like yours OTR that's
pretty good yeah thank you so much
Hasbro send me these otherwise what
would I be doing mmm no really you like
them I really really like sheep
I also like to put things in it
look at this I think this one might be
my favorite one out of the ones I've got
today sadly only one picked it must be
like a really me so yeah I'm hoping for
video I had so much fun
