still a bit croaky but not as bad as it
was at the start and today
oh it's summer and as you can see we've
got a lot of glue and that's because we
are doing the three Kirkland slide
challenge I know I've done this a lot on
a tear channel but someone has been
begging me as well we to do this so
that's what we are doing and I hope you
agree with this so I think we should do
we're obviously the Yungas goes first
picks one giant bottle and maybe to Nick
good yeah so yeah and wash my hair if
you haven't already make sure to go over
to Toys Emily even I do yes
my reign beyond the load though I hit
that subscribe button and at the
notification belt I because my special
video for the lionesses grubbers organ
open tomorrow tomorrow the TT squat
surprised they did a note tomorrow
really poison me nine million
subscribers
definitely tomorrow tianyu and uploaded
tomorrow you saw there you go guys hit
the notification bell toys and me why
then what about you hit the belong to
you okay sub are so you've been begging
to Jana all week to do that slime
challenge what about you - I know what
she follows yeah alright shall we set it
up then is it usable you saw do the ones
just boil them first forget some of
what's the yellow don't you someone or
was up to Jana over to you that's big
hand
hold on this colors good Oh glue glitter
glue forget these two and I want to get
anything except oh yeah pretty chicken
for dinner
you can see Bruce
so these are my news before I mix them
and I'm trying to get the last bits out
of the green which I don't like that's I
think whoa this kind of looks
Wow
so what do you think Simone Fiona
are you happy so far it's green yeah
when you do that all really activate
time and by the way summer I call that
terminate I'll be back what do you much
terminator in a mistake I made a slime
video yeah it was amazing
mushy peas slime you can't make a mushy
pea slime that's why it's about
Wow she's poetry terminator really still
have a little time because once I hear
when I was making slime I added so much
time and is to do you see it's like it's
not slime is 2 plus 2 is 4 minus 1 is 3
feet max its everyday miles in a block
smoked cheese
it's gonna turn back to glue
I wasn't in the choir so I don't really
know
yeah mine so like this well for this 15
then yeah that's a good thing to make
that but yeah I like sign it's just the
best enough that you're ready play with
and yes remember guys cover down below
who do things got the best slime ball
time I'd be the honest right now let me
just haven't told those is good for
cooking I like the color of mine comment
down below some more comment down below
Tiana
but you can't say TT squad cause that's
what everyone puts in the comments
anyway Sean
so some up yeah so much love them
alright yeah
so yeah I hope you do this episode
before whenever so yes Oh today I get
your video and before I have me mayor
says life is pretty my head I do not
having Harris Slammers hair Wow no bye
