so separately but taught this will be
either he's the youngest she'll be
picking two of the little bottles first
separately about the big ones and then
we'll bring the big world you'll pick
one of those I'll argue the same after
you're nervous aren't you ila has been
like the champion at this challenge so
you see I know you was telling me
earlier and today you're ready to be
Island yeah so you need to be like
pitied some good colors yeah that's like
a pill yeah
it's too white for me but it's glittery
and there's a completely white one which
I do not want to get alright okay Tyler
let's get ready
your first job had you got attacked by a
fly
Oh
relays well we know you didn't want the
black color but you've got orange that's
pretty cool yeah because you've got the
smaller to the table you might as a ila
yeah so chiana's gonna pick two small
bottles Gianna cover cover cover cover
cover are you doing a mix or you didn't
she's gonna mix guys about one of those
turns oh yeah okay I think they're ready
for you Gianna dope
look jet
that's not too bad yes I think the black
is probably the worst color okay
do you agree excuse me
okay those Halloween colors look at the
way jion is mixing these colors all
right
I like this blue dear all right then
I'll over to Tiana
what color do ya
mix in the bottles okay
oh look at that Tiana look at the pearl
guys inside there yes definitely slime
blues
that's lovely the oranges Lila's guys
good who's got the big bottles
oh I've got someone in rocket was I'll
get their top it and I'm glad who's
going to like do rockets onto the roof
that color is good okay we go the mud
mix it
so what do you think the niala to your
koala it's not that bad is it it's still
cool okay
wanna go do a mad stir you know I'll do
my slide video on tweezing me well yes
in your mind I was the best oh it was
good still still learning yeah so here
is my black / gray / green slime blue
I'm still trying to need it so here's my
purple pal Nami blueish slime I've just
made a big job of terminator over
terminate
one shift later
right which is like girly boy why is it
stuck to the table normally when you met
the slime oh okay okay
my gray
in the beauty college is gonna go on
Joy's MA
