one of the things we've been covering
over the last few days as we head into
the final stretch before the election
which is 12 days from now is the huge
number of people who are turning out
just record-breaking voter turnout in
terms of people voting early this year
now
we're not gonna know until every last
vote is counted but we are already
seeing records fall all over the country
and states big and small red and blue in
terms of people turning out early to
vote and so tonight I want to show you
one thing about why the fight to protect
this way of voting has been so tooth and
nail between the parties I want to show
you one single piece of data that shows
you what the stakes are for this kind of
voting and how much the two parties know
it tonight we've got sort of incredible
new data that proves this just as clear
as day now and it's out of North
Carolina from this past week some days
have traditionally been a big early
voting day in North Carolina
particularly for African American
churches the churches call it souls to
the polls go to services go to vote
afterwards in 2012 61 thousand people
voted in North Carolina just on Sundays
ahead of Election Day mainly because of
that huge get out the vote pushed by
black churches in the state vote on
Sunday early vote on Sunday ahead of
Election Day now as you probably know
black voters traditionally favored
Democratic candidates by an overwhelming
majority and so everybody can do the
math and Republicans in North Carolina
have for years now they've been doing
everything they can to try to shut down
voting on Sundays in that state full
stop started in 2013 right after the
2012 presidential election when all of
those African American churchgoers added
all of those tens of thousands of votes
on Sundays before the election in 2013
the Republican governor in North
Carolina signed a sweeping new voter law
that canceled all Sunday voting across
the state of North Carolina
now that law was eventually struck down
by the courts so Sunday voting did have
to come back in some counties across the
state but not everywhere the way it
worked out is it's up to every single
individual County in North Carolina
North Carolina to decide whether and
they're gonna open up the polls on
Sundays and so now this has been a
statewide fight North Carolina
Republicans still picking this fight
about Sunday voting except now literally
it's at the county by county level
trying to put a chokehold on how many
people can physically make it to a
ballot box on Sundays to cast their
votes Democrats are fighting for Sunday
voting Republicans are fighting against
it and those fights happen in every
county in the state and the Republicans
have been pretty successful at choking
it off right now a total of 23 counties
in North Carolina offer voting on Sunday
23 counties out of 100 so they're done
pretty good at shutting it off
why have they wanted so badly to shut it
off
want to see how that's working this year
we have some new clear data that gives
very clear insight into why Republicans
have tried so hard to lock down this
particular kind of early voting in North
Carolina look at this this is from
Michael Bitzer he's a political science
professor in North Carolina
he runs a website called old North State
Politics and you can see here the makeup
of the in person early vote in North
Carolina so far red is Republican blue
is democratic gray is unaffiliated
Gray's are Greg it looks kind of purple
and my monitor here but you can see what
it is so this is this is Wednesday
Thursday Friday Saturday last week
running along Democrats you know sort of
gently outpacing Republicans ones day
Thursday Friday Saturday now fill in
what happened this weekend look at that
Sunday vote hey what happened to all the
Republicans look at the proportion of
the vote on Sunday
professor professor Pitts our clocks
Sundays early vote in North Carolina as
54% Democratic 15% Republican and then
once we roll out of the weekend look
what look what happens boy goes back
down all of a sudden the makeup of the
electorate becomes much more red again
more Republicans proportionally start
voting again in North Carolina you can
see why North Carolina Republicans have
focused like a laser on this souls to
the polls thing right while they have
done everything they can to stop voting
on Sunday's not voting on Sundays is
terrible for them because on Sunday
Democrats vote particularly black
Democrats
have that let's make that hard or make
that impossible it is a fight to vote
all over the country this year we got a
doozy of a story coming up at a Kansas
to curl your hair but it's a fight for a
reason Republicans know why they are
picking the fights they are picking to
try to shut down or crimp early voting
the only question this year is whether
enough people will vote anyway despite
the hurdles put quite deliberately in
their way I'll be right back hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
