Donald Trump's favorite rallying cry
during the 2016 campaign was how Hillary
Clinton was endangering national
security by communicating with her
friends through her email server take a
listen
this was not just extreme carelessness
with classified material which is still
totally disqualifying
this is calculated deliberate
premeditated misconduct her server was
easily hacked by foreign governments
perhaps even by her financial backers in
communist China I'm sure they have it
putting all of America and our citizens
in danger great danger
we know Hillary can't be trusted we've
learned that with America's security you
take a look at her email situation can
we trust her with our security well now
the New York Times is reporting that
President Trump is calling his friends
using an unsecured iPhone and that
American intelligence indicates that
Chinese and Russian spies are routinely
eavesdropping on his calls according to
the New York Times mr. Trump's aides
have repeatedly warned him that his
cellphone calls are not secure but the
president refused to give up his iPhones
u.s. security officials tell NBC News
that they have been concerned for months
that President Trump has been discussing
sensitive information on an unsecure
cell phone with informal advisers
including Sean Hannity of Fox President
Trump fired back this morning and a pair
of tweets calling the long and boring
article so wrong and just more made-up
fake news Peter Baker chief White House
correspondent to New York Times reports
Peter give us the whole story on this
about the security dangers of a
president this one or any president
using phones well that's a great
question in fact this is one reason why
presidents don't for the most part you
use cell phones because they are easily
tapped not the phone itself even just
the cell towers and the and then and the
transmission landlines are always safer
and and and what presidents do typically
is is use what they call skiffs secure
compart
to information facilities to have
communications with foreign leaders to
have communications with people that
might be sensitive to make sure that
they're committed that their
conversations are not easily accessed by
foreign governments but President Trump
has frustrated his aides his aides are
very exasperated by his refusal to can
to listen to their advice about what he
should be doing and this is something
that's come up again and again in the
nearly two years he's been in office so
what's the danger of going up Sean
Hannity complaining about the New York
Times coverage of any event just just
being with yesterday was that where's
the danger for people that is self of
course he'll do out loud in public and
on Twitter so that by itself probably
isn't all that revealing but you never
know what a president's gonna say
particularly this president who's not
particularly disciplined about the
things he talks about with his friends I
mean if you interview and talk to his
advisors outside advisors friends who
who communicate with him regularly you
know he's very willing to engage in
conversations about sensitive
information it may or may not be
classified that's not something I happen
to know but he he engages with these
people on topics that any foreign
government would want to know about look
if you're China what do you want to know
about you want to know what his thinking
is about tariffs you want to know what
he's thinking is about this trade war
that he's engaged in right now with
Beijing and it's very likely that's a
conversation that could come up with his
outside friends and outside advisers if
you're Russia you want to know what is
he thinking about this investigation
what is his state of mind about Robert
Muller and they probe into collaboration
if there was any between his campaign in
Moscow in 2016 that's very valuable you
would imagine to the Kremlin so this is
why his advisors have been concerned
about this for an any number of months I
know we all knew from the world war two
posters which have been legendary that
loose lips sink ships
anyway White House aides have repeatedly
tried to get Trump that you better
secure his communications in May
Politico reported that the president
phone habits and his risk of being Hank
or surveilled administration officials
said the president found it quote too
inconvenient not to use the phone and
it's not just his friends who can reach
the president his personal cell phone
the Washington Post is reported in July
that shortly after he took office Trump
began passing out his personal cell
phone number
a handful of foreign leaders so there
you have it Peter he's pretty
promiscuous apparently and chatting away
even with foreign heads of state head of
government well he has a new plate of
course all the clips of him criticizing
Hillary Clinton for doing what would in
essence be the same kind of thing not
taking seriously enough the nature of
foreign government spying on top
officials the United States nobody wants
to know more than nobody is a bigger
target than the President of the United
States and yet despite his experience
having made this critique of Hillary
Clinton despite the making this a
centerpiece of his campaign he has you
know shown through his use of these
phones and indifference to it while he
is in office so you know he may believe
that he's not discussing anything really
particularly sensitive or classified on
these phone calls but there's a reason
why foreign governments are listening in
you know you were told back in the old
days and we still use Selectric two
typewriters at the White House speech
running operation for the president they
can the Communists the Soviets the
Chinese could pick up what we were
typing on our Selectric two typewriters
as they drove up and down 17th Street so
about they're very good at this stuff
thank you Peter Baker that's scary hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
