welcome back President Trump is casting
some doubt on the Saudis explanation for
the death of journalist Jamal khashoggi
well you know what John I'm gonna know
very shortly because I have a great
group of people in Turkey right now and
a great people group of people in Saudi
Arabia we will know very soon
we have tremendously talented people
that do this very well they're coming
back tonight tomorrow and I will know
very soon and I am not satisfied with
what I've heard yet he told The
Washington Post over the weekend that he
would like to see Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Salman mm MBS as he's known to
remain in power calling him a quote
strong person who truly loves his
country that is in contrast to lawmakers
on both sides of the aisle the crown
prince has his fingerprints all over
this I feel certain that the crown
prince was involved and that he directed
this and that's why I think we cannot
continue to have relations with him if
he's gone forth and murdered this
journalist he's now crossed the line and
there has to be a punishment and a price
paid for that meanwhile Germany
announced it will halt arms sales with
Saudi Arabia but will that encourage
allies like the u.s. to do the same I'm
joined now by Rhode Island senator Jack
Reed the top Democrat on the Senate
Armed Services Committee senator thank
you so much for being here thank you do
you believe that we should stop our arms
sale deal with Saudi Arabia the same way
that Germany is doing the same way that
canceled aranga Angela Merkel announced
today I think we should spend on sales
until we have a full complete and
thorough investigation that is credible
that is an international investigation
not one conducted by the Saudis or one
influenced by the authorities and we
should in that waiting for that
suspending the op sales the last time
sale proposal before the Senate was in
June of 2017 I voted against it it was
precision guided munitions because we do
have to send a signal to the Saudis that
they have to respect international norms
do you believe there's any chance that
MBS Mohammed bin Salman the crown prince
did not know about the kesaji
interrogation and then
killing that he was not involved I
believe that he was aware of what was
going on the detail is something that
should be subject to a careful
investigation that particularly
convinced that once the incident took
place he was fully aware that what was
going on and yet for many many days
there was total denial total observation
of what went on so there is a cult
ability here what do you think Congress
needs to do here the president has sent
mixed signals on how he's responding to
Saudi Arabia
sometimes he's more skeptical than other
times but he's emphasized over and over
again that the US needs this arms deal
and the folks that could be employed by
the arms deal don't need to suffer for
for a killing like this essentially what
should Congress do independent of the
President of the United States well what
we should do after again clarifying the
facts with a thorough investigation
consider very seriously sanctions we
have the mixi Act which was passed
because of activity in Russia which we
found abhorrent but we could apply those
types of sanctions against culpable
individuals in Saudi Arabia we'd have to
look and see who was involved how far
the involvement went up their leadership
levels but people should be held
responsible for this if we don't then
we're tolerating which is something
which is absolutely hard well if it goes
up to NBS what would those sanctions
look like against him well sanctions can
be imposed upon the holdings you have
outside of the the your own country
particularly holdings in the United
States there could be restrictions on
travel lots of factors that could be
introduced but it would send a message
like a powerful message that we're not
going to tolerate this type of behavior
Rand Paul thinks that he should be
replaced you I think again it helps to
have the facts and we have to get the
facts but if they continue to was
involved or knew about it do you think
if the facts shows he's involved I think
he should go frankly be
I think the best interest of not only
the world community but if Saudi Arabia
would have someone who is an authority
that would respect basic norms and and
this killing of Khashoggi violates just
fundamental norms well that's like what
the relationship between Saudi Arabia
and Donald Trump specifically last week
a group of Senate Democrats sent a a
letter to Donald Trump and his
organization the Trump organization
seeking a full accounting of any
financial ties between the Trump
Organization and Saudi Arabia I presume
you have not heard back about that I
have not heard personally no but the
president has himself stated how he has
sold multiple condominiums and
apartments and other real estates of
Saudi Arabians over the years and has
made quite a bit of money and so that's
a relationship that exists he's even
admitted that there's been again you're
right apartments be sold to the Saudi
Arabia the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in
one of Donald Trump's buildings Donald
Trump sold one of his yachts 20 million
dollars I believe to a former Crown
Prince of Saudi Arabia they stay at his
DC hotel if Democrats are able to retake
control of the house do you believe
there should be investigations into the
into the financial interactions between
Donald Trump's organization and Saudi
Arabia I think that would be something
that should be seriously considered and
and probably pursued I think that the
first challenge would be first let's get
to the bottom of this terrible case with
the killing of khashoggi and if that
points in the direction of involving an
entanglement by anyone else outside of
Saudi Arabia we should look there his
conflicts of interests
he hasn't divested from his business
there are questions about how much money
he has all around the world and how much
business he has all around the world and
whether or not any of that is
influencing his decision-making are you
confident the President of the United
States is making decisions independently
of his pocket and in the best interest
of the American people when it comes to
foreign policy
well he's objective this skepticism by
his refusal from the beginning to
release his income taxes by his comment
campaign trail about house saudi arabia
he sold properties to them so i think he
owes the American people a clarification
a clear incontestable development of all
the facts and information is just that
there's no involvement I think still
staying technically involved in the
Trump operation organization just leads
to suspicions which which hurts hurts
the ability of the American people have
confidence that every decision is made
without any recognition of personal gain
or personal profit Donald Trump and
another subject has said that Russia has
been in violation of the
intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty
INF now for quite some time he's not the
first president to have done that
President Obama said that as well but he
is the first president to say that he
could withdraw from the INF do you think
that he should I think that would begin
to slowly unwind the arms control regime
that has been built up over many many
decades that has not reversed the
possession of nuclear weapons but it's
had her to check on them and then I
think we have a start agreement that is
going to be negotiated to remove renew
which carry covers ballistic
intercontinental missiles so I think
that's a dangerous step to step away
right now we have the ability to respond
to these types of weapons I hope we
don't have to but I think at this point
the real problem is beginning to slowly
undermine an arms control regime that it
bought some stability to the
international situation over many many
years how confident do you feel about
the Democrats chances of retaking the
house or potentially the Senate in in a
couple weeks I feel very good I think
the enthusiasm there I think the issue
that is most striking and compelling is
the issue of the healthcare Senator
McConnell said last week that he's going
to once again try to repeal the
Affordable Care Act which means
pre-existing conditions protections for
millions of Americans will go away I
think also when
you talk to a lot of people about
Medicare Social Security Medicaid when
again Senator McConnell was talking
about balancing the budget after the tax
cuts we produced a tremendous deficit by
going after Medicare Social Security and
Medicaid I think that's very worrisome
to middle-income Americans that's they
depend upon those programs and so those
are the issues I think that people will
galvanize and and support Democrats
Senator Jack Reed senator thank you very
much thank you hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
