couple of months before the 2016
presidential election Donald Trump did a
an unusual thing that no other candidate
had ever done before it was very
unexpected he publicly released a list
of all the people he might possibly
nominate to the Supreme Court he did not
write the list the list was compiled for
him by conservative legal groups it
eventually included 21 names and when
Trump released that final list he said
quote this list is definitive and I will
choose only from it in picking future
justices of the United States Supreme
Court that's presumably a swaging
worries from Republicans who might think
that he's gonna you know appoint Judge
Judy year like pick somebody off fox or
whatever it was sure enough when Trump
won the presidency and took office his
first nominee Neel Gorsuch came right
off that list a few months later when
rumors started to swirl that maybe
Justice Anthony Kennedy was thinking
about retiring Trump said that if that
were to happen he would definitely be
picking his next nominee from that same
list the one he picked Neel Gorsuch from
he said that on May 1st a couple of
weeks later
robert muller was appointed special
counsel and then something odd happened
that list from 2016 that was the final
and definitive list it's suddenly grew
some new names that hadn't been on it
before including a judge named Brett
Kavanaugh Brett Kavanaugh was not on the
original list
he was added after the special counsel
was appointed more than a year after the
list was supposedly finalized and then
when Anthony Kennedy did retire sure
enough Brett Kavanaugh became the
frontrunner for the seat even though
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell
reportedly warned the White House
repeatedly that Kavanaugh would actually
be the most difficult nominee to confirm
because of his lengthy paper trail why
did Brett Kavanaugh have to be added to
the list and then chosen over the
objections of the leader of the chamber
that would have to confirm him well one
way in which Brett Kavanaugh really does
appear to stand out from everybody else
on that list is that he's on the record
as having an extremely expansive view of
presidential power when it comes to
investigations and presidents getting in
trouble
he's a doctrinaire hardline very
hardline conservative on most if not all
policy areas but specifically on a
president's susceptibility to
investigation and potential prosecution
he stands alone he has written that not
only should presidents not be indicted
not only should they not be subpoenaed
but they should not even be investigated
he says they can be impeached but how do
you impeach somebody if you can't
investigate them at his confirmation
hearing this week as Democrats have
pressed him harder and harder on this
point
Brent Kavanagh has refused to answer any
questions about whether a president has
to respond to a subpoena whether a
president can pardon himself whether a
president can fire a prosecutor
investigating him because that
prosecutors investigating him Kavanagh
has refused to commit to recusing
himself from cases directly affecting
the president who nominated him as
Senator Kamala Harris was just talking
to us about so that's where Brett
Kavanaugh came from I add to that the
fact that the president who nominated
him really is now the subject of the
most serious counterintelligence
investigation of a president ever and he
is now a co-conspirator in a felony
campaign finance violations case that is
going to send his personal lawyer to
prison add to that how Republicans have
chosen to deal with this issue of
Cavanaugh's lengthy paper trail
Republicans in the White House decided
to handle that by outsourcing the
curating of documents from Cavanaugh's
time in Washington his time in the in
the Bush White House they decided they
would outsource the curation of those
millions of documents to a Republican
lawyer who has no government role but he
does happen to represent major witnesses
in the Russia investigation bill Burke
the lawyer who has been deciding which
of these documents about Kavanagh are
released to the committee and of those
which documents the public is allowed to
see Burke currently represents former
White House chief of staff Reince
Priebus former White House adviser Steve
Bannon and the current White House
Counsel Don McGann specifically in the
Russia matter along with at least three
other current or former Trump staffers
he's representing like six people in the
Russia investigation and he's deciding
what we're allowed to know about
the nominee who appears to have been
picked probably because of the Russian
investigation it's starting to feel like
the Muller investigation and the
Kavanagh nomination are not competing
stories anymore it is starting to feel
like this is the same story congressman
Eric Smallville joins us next day with
us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
