we have breaking news tonight from the
New York Times about the New York Times
and the panic that the New York Times
has created within the Trump White House
the tribe's is reporting that the White
House has discussed Senator Rand Paul's
idea to use polygraph tests on senior
officials of the Trump administration
here is The Times report tonight Senator
Rand Paul of Kentucky an ally of mr.
Trump's recommended that the president
force members of his administration to
take polygraph examinations and there
was at least briefly some discussion of
that among advisors to the President and
another option mentioned by people close
to mr. Trump was asking senior officials
to sign sworn affidavits that could be
used in court if necessary one outside
advisor said the White House had a list
of about 12 suspects and joining us now
by phone is New York Times chief White
House correspondent Peter Baker who has
is one of the reporters on this article
and Peter this is an extensive look at
what the New York Times has created the
crisis atmosphere it has created inside
the Trump White House what more have you
learned about the possibility of using
lie detector tests and the suspect list
of 12 what I would say is it's not the
near time that's created this Christ I
would say it's the administration
officials written anonymous piece the
New York Times happen to publish who has
raised this question of can the
president and his staff are they on the
same page and is there there you know a
list of unsung heroes that's the way the
anonymous writer quoted or got less
anonymous people the White House put it
trying to put the president from inside
this quiet resistance as they call it
that's what's really shaking up the
White House here so he has there they're
so organized that the idea lie detector
has been gross the idea these affidavits
and gross they have a list that they're
sort of working on about who they think
it might might not be and you saw his
extraordinary spectacle today of having
officer after cata officer coming out
and saying it wasn't me it wasn't me it
wasn't me
but as we all know that may not be the
end of that story
Peter it seems but judging by your
reporting tonight which is extensive
about what's going on inside the Trump
White House that you and the New York
Times have not lost any access to
information inside the Trump White House
as a result of the New York Times
publishing this op-ed piece well look
there are obviously people in the way I
was very mad in their Times today for
publishing that I get that some of them
will take that out and reporters that's
natural to we had nothing to do with it
of course the reporters who are covering
the White House have nothing to do with
the editorial page we don't even know
who this person is the editorial page
doesn't consult us we learned about it
by seeing it on the web just like
everybody else so you know I think a lot
of people the White House understand
that that we're not the same size of
house we are separate and I think that
libel inside the White House still
realize it's important to get
information out there and we're grateful
for that
Donald Trump comprehends the irony of
the moment
specifically the irony of the
conversation that you and I are having
at this very moment which is that today
with his White House in crisis over
people within the White House expressing
their dissatisfactions with the Trump
administration that when they have a
meeting about that and when they have a
discussion about that and when they
reduce their subject their suspect list
to 12 that it is immediately leaked to
the New York Times that their suspect
list has been reduced to 12 yeah you
know of course it's also in their
interest perhaps to make clear that
anybody who might think about doing the
same thing as this author that they are
going to respond right I mean you know a
White House wants to have discipline
they don't have any discipline as we see
in this White House at the moment and so
they're trying to basically send a
signal that this is not to be tolerated
there will be repercussions for anybody
who might think about that so you know
you could point out a couple different
ways but it's not clear whether this
list or the idea of affidavits or
lighthouse will go anywhere but it's an
indication just how you know anxious and
exercise this White House is
particularly because you've got a
president with raging volcanic terms
about you know what he sees as the
betrayal of a you know at least one
person and perhaps many people around
them
so Peter New York Times reporters are
working hard at getting the washing the
White House reaction to this New York
Times article and what's happening
inside the White House because of this
New York Times article it includes a
suspect lists of 12 people at this point
within the White House that chief of
staff John Kelly apparently has
assembled does that mean that you New
York Times reporters are also trying to
go after the answer to the question of
who wrote the op-ed piece for the New
York Times yeah no it's a great question
if I were you I'd ask the same question
but you know look we don't talk about
our reporting until we publish you know
we don't talk about what we're working
on until we're ready to say something
and in print and so you know I'm not
gonna get into that I would repeat that
we don't have anything to do with this
op-ed
our separate Department and so we had
not anything with the decision to
publishing we don't know who the person
is from that has Peter as The Times put
any restrictions on you on what you can
investigate about this story well again
I'm not going to get into what we can
you know what we're doing or not doing I
mean that's really the kind of we don't
do in general so I don't I don't think
I'm gonna go there tonight Peter Baker
thank you very much for joining us with
this breaking news report tonight we
really appreciate thanks for checking
out our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
