preme court pick in decades the one
right now shifting the ideological make
of the Supreme Court to the right
possibly for a generation look how young
this guy is and yet over the past two
days bread Cavanaugh the nominee has
been evasive cagey sometimes simply
unresponsive when it comes to some of
the most pressing issues let's watch can
a sitting president be required to
respond to a subpoena I can't give you
an answer on that hypothetical question
in my office you told me that you could
provide no assurance to me that you'd
uphold a statute requiring insurance
companies to provide coverage for
pre-existing medical conditions is that
still true here in public I can't give
assurances on a specific hypothetical
you agreed that a plastic firearm
created with a 3d printer it could be
regulated or banned without any Second
Amendment questions so consistent with
judicial independence principles I
shouldn't comment on a potential case
like that
well the biggest question judge seemed
too unable to answer yesterday was from
California Democrat Kamala Harris who
was pressing em1 whether or not he had a
conversation about special counsel
mowers investigation with a law firm
retained by President Trump in the
Russian probe itself let's watch that
back-and-forth did you speak with anyone
at that law firm about Bob Miller's
investigation I'm not remembering
anything like that but I want to know a
roster of people and I want to know more
so you're not denying that you spoke
with my I said I don't remember anything
like that well today senator Harris
asked him to clarify now here's what he
said a few minutes ago were you a party
to a conversation that occurred
regarding special counsel Muller's
investigation and it's simple yes or no
would suffice without his investigation
and are you referring to a specific
person I'm referring to a specific
subject and the specific person I'm
referring to is you who was the
conversation with you said you had
information that is not the subject of
the question sir the senator the
question is you
and whether you were part of a
conversation regarding special counsel
Muller's investigation the answer is no
thank you and it would have been great
if you could have said that last night
why thank you
in my nevermind well for more I'm joined
by Senator Richard Blumenthal Democrat
from Connecticut he's on the Judiciary
Committee look I don't know what to make
of that back and forth I wasn't very
happy with it because I think the
senator could have told us who that
she's talking about before we got into
that query but anyway have you learned
anything about bread Cavanaugh since
these hearings began about his attitude
towards say presidential power the power
of a president to ignore a subpoena for
example what I've learned about Brett
Kavanaugh his views on presidential
power is extremely alarming particularly
at this moment of real constitutional
crisis and it goes beyond what has been
reported most recently the Woodward book
and the anonymous Abed it's the fact
that this nominee is the result of a
president who is an unindicted
co-conspirator think back to Richard
Nixon would the Senate of the United
States seriously have considered Richard
Nixon's nominee for the United States
Supreme Court after he was named as an
unindicted co-conspirator so what Brett
Kavanagh has said about presidential
power is extremely alarming he would
enable the President to deem
unconstitutional nullify any statute
including the Affordable Care Act and
protections against pre-existing
conditions he would in no way commit to
preserve roe v wade and on basic issues
like whether he discussed a specific
document within the last 24 hours he
couldn't remember so he has been evasive
and ambiguous beyond cagey he has been
just downright equivocal you know this
thing about the president not being able
to be indicted if a president did was
Donald Trump said he could get away with
politically shoot somebody and killed
them one on Fifth Avenue in New York
they would he would be arrested with me
a can of presidents simply break the
criminal laws of this country with
impunity is that a belief in look is
that a constitutional theory in my view
the president night states can be
indicted even if the trial can be
postponed and this nominee takes the
position that many of the constraints
and checks and balances imposed by our
Constitution seem absolutely meaningless
that kind of disregard for the
importance of checks balances all the
more important as is the Independence of
the judiciary at a moment of
constitutional crisis when the president
seems out of control and completely
contemptuous of the rule of law so Brett
Kavanaugh has come before us and failed
to give us the confidence that he will
be an effective check on presidential
power not only if there is an indictment
of the president but also if the
president subpoenaed to testify before
the grand jury or testify against his
friends and cronies in a criminal case
you see the fifth judge to overrule roe
v wade to see the fifth member they
needed on the Supreme Court to make good
on president Trump's promise to get rid
of roe v wade he is clearly a potential
fifth vote with four such the fourth
added to the ones who were there right
now and that's a very meaningful and
real fear because as he's indicated he
is unwilling to say in direct response
to my question that he would vote
against overturning roe v wade he gave
clear indications in a document that was
marked
committee confidential until I used it
yesterday in my questions to him and I
think he could well be the fifth vote to
overturn roe v wade and to decimate the
protections that women now have in
deciding whether and when they want to
be pregnant and have children
not to mention Americans deciding whom
they want to marry or clean air and
water and workers rights and consumers
rights
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over
this list to see lots of other great
videos
