they're just blocks away from 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue you can imagine the
lava sparks over the horizon the
President of the United States is said
to be volcanic in his rage over a staff
and administration and Moxon undercuts
him the moment he leaves their sight
instead of protecting him it's the
country they protect from the man they
signed on to serve this very thought now
drives Trump to heights of fury and some
say derangement and this is the level of
fear mistrust inside the White House
tonight just 24 hours after the
anonymous official released an
extraordinary New York Times op-ed
describing the resistance to the
president inside his administration and
now with his very competence in question
president Trump's anger appears to be
escalating according to NBC News aides
and allies quote described the
president's mood as volcanic Axios
reveals that Trump is even suspicious of
some hand-picked aides inside his own
White House and the Washington Post
reports that according to one Trump
friend he fretted after Wednesday's
op-ed that he could trust only his
children already at least 25 senior
administration officials have publicly
denied responsibility for the New York
Times article including vice president
Mike Pence Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo when national security adviser
John Bolton yet anxieties are running
high in the West Wing right now where
the president and his aides have
launched a desperate search party for
the mall in the executive branch
Politico reports that one official
described a White House in total
meltdown by Wednesday evening according
to the Washington Post aides were
analyzing language patterns language
patterns to try to discern the author's
identity or at minimum the pardoning
administration where the author works
The Washington Post notes that the
phrase the sleeper cells have awoken
circulated text messages among aides and
outside allies reacting to those in a
tweet last night the president question
where the op-ed person amounted to
treasonous there it is treason then the
president cited NASA security grounds to
demand catch this that the authors be
revealed quote if the gutless and not
this person does indeed exist the New
York Times must for national security
purposes turn him or her over to
government at once this in a democracy
turns somebody over to government for
writing a letter in the New York Times
press secretary Sarah Huckabee centers
publicly encouraged Trump supporters to
call the opinion desk of the failing New
York Times she's a taping him giving out
the phone number and saying they're the
only ones complicit in this deceitful
act in other words The Times made up the
lard the article anyway turn right now
is Ashley Parker what else reported for
The Washington Post
Jonathan Swan national plug a reporter
for Axios and Brett Stevenson an op-ed
well an op-ed columnist with the New
York Times that's close to where it Omer
cutting tonight let me go to Jonathan it
seems to me that the president's
behavior is far more frightening to
what's going on in our universe in our
country our republic than somebody
writing op-eds people spend their whole
lives without reading any op eds in the
New York Times quite happily this
president is talking treason he's saying
that The Times should turn over the
author is identity or her identity to
government like they've committed some
creep treason his crime what's Trump
talking about government's taking over
taking into captivity in the in the
prison
basically this person who wrote this
article your thoughts this op-ed has has
touched a nerve and the nerve is that
Trump was already paranoid about the
government he oversees he believes it is
populated last year when he was getting
obsessed about there being leakers
inside the White House he said - he said
- a source of ours there are snakes
everywhere but we'll get the snakes
we're gonna find this these are a
political appointee these are political
appointees they're not government civil
servants that are handed down from one
administration the next there's -
there's two issues Trump suspects people
who who have worked in his white house
but more broadly than that across the
administration he just sees this vast
sea a deep state he really does believe
it exists and he can't fathom the idea
of a career official so forget so yes
political appointees suspected but if
you worked under Obama he can't fathom
the idea you worked for a
how could you possibly work for me like
that's his mindset well how does it but
you gotta remember Trump organization
it's a family business I mean yes they
had hotels and properties with das foot
points it was basically about a dozen of
them core employees weiselberger his CFO
he'd been with him since Fred Trump
these people he's comfortable with he
suddenly enters the White House and
there's a sea of people he's never seen
before there used to be meetings in the
Roosevelt Room early on where Trump
would turn around and scan the wall to
see who was there after one of those
meetings he said I didn't recognize
anyone in this meeting I bet you
everything leaks
well Ashley you guys are the business
are covering the way that's you have
sources in the White House all day
you're all acting like it's the
dismaying that he did mistrust he has
reason to wonder about the day-to-day
loyalty of his people doesn't he they
talked to the press all day long they
are your sources and it's not always
complimentary to the president he
absolutely does and it's it's not just
the leaks that he has reason for concern
but it's the fact that if you even just
take this up at it was stark and
striking that a senior official chose to
write that and have it published in the
New York Times but in terms of everyone
we've talked to the actual content of
what the op-ed says was surprising to no
one because these are a number of
sentiments that people surrounding the
president share themselves they share
among themselves and they share with
reporters so in addition to this acute
sense of betrayal and paranoia and not
knowing who he can trust the president
in some ways told people that in his
mind he feels vindicated because these
suspicions that he has had that people
are out to get him and undermine him
Diop edie
just makes him believe that he was
absolutely right and feeling how he's
felt i want to go through before we get
to the 25th amendment which is a right
of the the cabinet members to working
together with the vice president to take
away his presidency
I want to get to that and worry quickly
but I want to get to another point he
apparently only trusts his blood
children he only trusts will he trust
Ivanka is that I want to get back to you
on that Jonathan this sort of I call it
the Romanovs this sense that this is not
a regular Republican lowercase argue
Herman that this is in fact a sense of a
family taking over the government when I
saw that family members I saw Jerrod in
a vodka at the McCain funeral I go weird
they are weirdly there they are not part
of the American civil society they're
not part of our governing people they
are family members of the president who
yell out when they're challenged I'm the
first daughter they have a weird sense
of entitlement which is scary and now it
turns out there they are entitled
they're the only ones the president
trusts that's an extraordinary situation
I think he I'm sure he said that I no
reason to doubt that he said that um I
think it's a bit more nuanced than that
like there are a group of people around
him about you know let's say a dozen
people who travel with him people that
most most the press don't talk about it
haven't heard of that he's actually
grown from you know tied to the press
yeah he's grown they've grown fairly
case grown fairly comfortable with them
I mean you don't get leaks out of Air
Force One flights typically and there's
you know other outsiders on the flight
so there is actually a glass that you
buy that there is a core around Trump
that Trump actually does trust even to
this day a core beyond his blood
relatives I think that's true I think
it's an incredibly small group I think
it always has been you have to remember
as Jonathan said this is a guy who ran a
family business he came into government
not knowing a ton of people but but
there are people who are surrounded do
surround him who he trusts and who are
sort of familiar faces and in comfort
creatures it's worth noting that a
number of them hope Hicks is a classic
example but there's a handful they have
left the administration but if you see
the president every day you're in and
out of the Oval Office you're you're
doing what what he asks for that there
is a level of comfort that extends
beyond simply blood relatives or those
who have married there's some there's
some that have a problem it's while
numerous a minute administration
officials are issuing public denials of
having written this article for the New
York Times many are expressing
solidarity with the person who wrote it
two officials told Axios they agree with
the sentiments of the column with one
saying a lot of us were wishing we'd
been the writer adding that the
president should know there are dozens
and dozens of us hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
