how Republican Senator Michael Lee a
member of the Senate Judiciary Committee
and Senator Lee good to see you sir
thanks for taking me with you I know
look the the dust-up over documents
feels like a lot of political theater so
I would instead want to ask about last
night because you were involved in the
some of the interrupting the
back-and-forth between Senator Kamala
Harris and and mr. Cavanaugh so I want
to begin by showing that exchange where
Harris asked Cavanaugh he had discussed
the Muller probe with anyone including
people at the law firm founded by the
president's attorney take a listen
how can you not remember whether or not
you had a conversation about Robert
Muller or his investigation with anyone
at that law firm I don't investigation
has only been going on for so long sir
I'm not sure I do i I'm just trying to
think do I know anyone who works that
firm I might know that's not my question
my question is have you had a
conversation with anyone at that firm
about that investigation it's a really
specific question I would like to know
the person you're thinking of because
what if they think you're thinking of
someone you don't want to tell us well
she never did reveal that she's
questioning him later today maybe that
we'll find that out but earlier today
Cavanaugh got an opportunity to sort of
clean up that answer he was offered a
chance from senator Lee from your Utah
colleague senator hatch here it is I
haven't had any inappropriate
conversations about that investigation
with anyone I've never given anyone and
he hints forecasts previews winks
nothing about my view as a judge or how
I would rule as a judge on on that or
anything related to that all right
senator was a lot of lead-up but I felt
like viewers had to see all of that let
me ask you this the word inappropriate
that is what mr. Cavanaugh used
what does when he says he didn't have
any inappropriate conversations about
the Muller probe what did that tell you
many conversations that would trigger
his recusal either as a judge sitting on
the US Court of Appeals for the DC
Circuit or should he be confirmed to the
US Supreme Court in other words nothing
delving beneath the surface of oh how
about that miller probe or something
like that what I objected to last night
was the insinuation that number one this
was somehow a very specific question
when in fact she was talking about a law
firm that has 350 lawyers in nine
different offices across the United
States and you know he's got many dozens
of former law clerks he's got hundreds
of close friends who are lawyers
including law school classmates any of
whom might move from one firm to another
and I think it's important that when we
asked a witness a question we give them
the ability to ascertain well what
exactly it is that they're answering
look what is that line to you where
appropriate becomes inappropriate and
look I imagine it's subjective a bit as
far as many of you are concerned is it
if you're asked advice about how do you
how would you make the case that a
president couldn't be criminally
indicted does that become inappropriate
I suspect it would there was some
follow-up conversation later today in
the hearing I believe somebody asked him
some additional questions about anybody
who's talked to at the firm he
identified one or two people he knows
there and indicated that he hasn't
discussed the Moller probe with them he
can't think of anybody who works at that
firm with whom he's discussed this case
why shouldn't he recuse himself with
anything having involving the Muller and
the president him you know there's a lot
of sort of laymen here senator Lee and
in your you you were one of my favorite
people when it comes to the Constitution
you think in those terms all the time
people made greer disagree but you you
you you ground yourself in that why
shouldn't the Brett Kavanaugh be
recusing himself if the person who
appointed him is in the middle of a
potential in the criminal investigation
look recusal decisions are very personal
and they're also very case specific I
don't want to purport
Pournami judge Cavanaugh who could
become justice Cavanaugh it really will
be a decision for him to make and not
for me not for anyone else
well what would be appropriate for you I
mean you're somebody that's you you have
somebody that that some people thought
could be a federal garage or a Supreme
Court justice what would be your line
look I don't know we have in the past
had people who have been appointed by
the sitting incumbent president who have
been heard cases involving an action
taken by that president not necessarily
a criminal action Justice Kagan right
Justice Kagan exactly accuses herself
quite a bit on on cases that she worked
on as Solicitor General right and did
not recuse herself from NFIB versus
Sebelius the case involving the
constitutionality of Obamacare
like I say recusal is a very fact
specific case specific determination and
it's got to be made by the jurist at the
moment the decisions got to be rendered
so I'm not that worked to speak for
judge Kavanagh here I in that sense I'm
not to be asked that I would sort of
where your line is that's what I was
going I get that I know people don't
want to speak for others I know that
that's a dangerous game yeah well my
favorite law professors was a brighter
professor named Fred get exceed if ik
aligned to draw in in the law under some
difficult legal standard you draw the
line at seven and I asked what is seven
and he said well that's exactly the
question the determination surrounding
recusal seriously has to do with whether
or not the jurist would have his or her
impartiality compromised under the
totality of the circumstances whether
the appearance the potential or the
reality of a conflict of interest could
trigger that I want to talk about some
of the new emails that have been
released from Brett Kavanaugh do you
believe they reveal his views on
abortion and race that no and I'd like
to know more about what email is
specifically referring to but I do
believe that Brett Kavanaugh having
served in a variety of positions within
the government is written a lot of
opinions providing legal analysis on
what are
it's like work and what arguments might
not work I don't think any of those
signals I haven't seen a single email
that would pin him down on how he would
rule on any specific case if you didn't
think he would vote to overturn roe v--
wade would you still vote for Brett
Kavanaugh I don't have a litmus test
there is no single litmus test that
determines which person I would vote for
I'm gonna vote for him because I believe
he will call the boss and strikes as he
sees them I believe he will interpret
the law on the basis of what it says on
the basis of what the their words
themselves say and and what they mean
how are they were understood at the time
they were adopted that's what we're
looking for why do you believe Brett
Kavanaugh has avoided saying roe v wade
was correctly decided instead I think
said it was a super precedent the canons
of judicial ethics prohibit the
candidate for judicial office from
speculating on how he or she might move
on a case that might come before the
court to which the person is being
appointed and it's understandable and
it's with great precedent that he
declines to say exactly he without in
any case whether it involves something
else
I gotta ask you quickly about the op-ed
and a role for Congress here in this
respect senator there's really only one
of two conclusions perhaps to draw from
this op-ed there's a sock coup inside
the executive branch or there's a whole
bunch of people who say the president's
unfit at the end of the day there's a
second branch of government should the
second legislative branch of government
want to know what what the reality is
here we should want to know in the sense
that we're curious I'm terribly curious
about who wrote that personally I think
it's really weird I think it's goofy for
somebody to be inside the administration
this person is characterizing him or
herself as being a high-level senior
official within the administration and
while purporting to have some strange
allegiance to the administration is also
working actively to undermine that same
administration that's an odd thing to do
I think the better person the better
thing for that person to do if that's
they feel that way is to resign and and
state their objections their reasons for
leaving anything in that op-ed ring true
to you you were not the biggest Donald
Trump fan during the 2016 race look I I
don't know what's going on on the inside
nor do I know whether this person is in
fact a high-level administration
official or what exactly the standard is
pork determining that in any
administration you're going to have
differences of opinion you know what's
different about this one is that this
person is expressing it once a weird
form of allegiance to the administration
or to the cause of the administration
and also a defiant opposition to the
president himself I think that's very
strange it seems to me to be unethical
for this person to be working actively
to undermine the president while
purporting to serve that president
senator Lee I'm with you it's very
strange and yet it seems in this era I
think it's just another day that ends
and why Republican Senator Mike Lee of
Utah thanks for coming on and sharing
your views back to your hearing I
appreciate it thank you hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MS
BC you get more meet the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
