they top cabinet officials denying that
they are the anonymous writer
vice-president pence Director of
National Intelligence dan coats defense
secretary Jim mattis homeland security
secretary Kirsten Nielsen OMB director
Mick Mulvaney Treasury secretary Steve
minuchin HUD secretary ben Carson all
issuing written denials Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo responding during a
visit to India today if that piece is
true if it's accurate if it's actually I
think they described it as a senior
administration official they should not
well have chosen to take a disgruntled
deceptive bad actors word for anything
and put it in their newspaper it's sad
more than anything else that our
nation's come to where you have if again
if it is what it is purported to be it
is sad that you have someone who would
make that choice he said it was not he
joining me now NBC White House
correspondent Kristen Welker NBC Capitol
Hill correspondent Casey hunt and
Washington Post deputy editorial page
editor Ruth Marcus Kristen first to you
the tumult of the last 24 hours
not even 24 hours extraordinary and the
word volcanic says everything doesn't it
it says everything Andrea the fact that
President Trump erupted with volcanic
anger according to multiple sources
trying to determine who exactly would
have written this op-ed and really the
broader point here which is this is a
president who now doesn't know who he
can trust
there is finger-pointing within this
administration I spoke with a source
familiar with the thinking inside the
White House over night who said this
Andrea were in this together
and were focused on the policy and the
political travel that the president has
it is serious work that we're doing so a
sense that they are closing ranks here
to some extent but again trying to
figure out who this person is who would
write this op-ed and
fact Andrea that it echoes something in
Bob Woodward's book which is that there
are top officials who from their
perspective feel as though they need to
protect the country from the president
you saw that in some of the excerpts
from Woodward's book fear in which
former top aide Rob Porter Gary Cohn
would swipe papers from the president's
desk to keep him from signing on to
certain policies that they deemed
dangerous there is a broader concern
within Trump world that this is going to
undercut the president's ability to
carry out his legislative agenda that
this is a crisis within this
administration and thereby potentially
for the country and what does it mean
for the midterms Andrea that's the other
real concern within Republican circles
could this not make it even more
difficult for Republicans to hold on to
the house president Trump will be on the
campaign trail a little bit later on
today when he heads to Montana Andrea
and to that very point Paul Ryan now
speaking out one of his regular news
conferences Casey hunt one of the issues
here is what will be the impact on the
Republican leaders who many people
including Republicans outside of the
hill
say have really been pretty much
spineless against what the president has
done or the dysfunction of this White
House the descriptions and Bob
Woodward's book in our own reporting for
many many months this is you were there
Paul Ryan just moments ago I want to
play it and ask you on the other side a
person who works in the administration
serves at the pleasure of the president
it's a person who obviously is living in
dishonesty that doesn't help the
president so if you're not interested in
helping the president you shouldn't work
for the president that that is a widely
held view correct Casey it is a widely
held view Andrea and the reality is that
even though this op-ed feels like an
order of magnitude larger than the many
other crises that we have asked these
members of Congress about as it regards
this volatile president this this is a
bigger deal but quite frankly the the
posture is basically the same which is
to say and and he elaborate a little bit
later on in the press conference he says
this isn't
my responsibility my responsibility is
to pass laws my responsibility is to try
and help the American people he of
course as he always does pointed to the
tax cuts to low unemployment etc now
obviously that is not playing well in
many corners of both his party but and
obviously also critics of the president
Paul Ryan is somebody who is leaving
Washington and you could sense that in
his news conference as well he had sort
of a relaxed air about him kind of
smiling and joking about other other
questions not not this one in particular
but you know he's not gonna be here in a
couple of months and I actually think
that action says more than anything else
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
