I was born at night but not last night
and if I found if I had something that
somebody said we've stolen this or this
is high don't tell anybody we have this
I think it's ready some red flight now
we only have a fraction of your record
and I do think that the Chairman from
eight openings up at 3:00 this morning
but as you know the president has
asserted executive privilege the first
time we've had to face this appear on a
nominee from either Republicans or
Democrats of a hundred and two thousand
pages of material hundred and two
thousand from gesture time and the White
House that includes our own judicial
nominations can you confirm for me today
that that one hundred and two thousand
pages there are no emails from mr.
Miranda marked highly confidential or do
not share or take no action on this
describing what he has found out the
Democrats are thinking senator I I am
not involved in the documents process so
yo I don't know what's in them well that
is convenient but we don't know what's
in them either because we've never had
so much up withheld before we don't know
what's in all the documents they're
still being gone through by the archives
because this is being rushed to and we
don't get a chance to see him that's not
fair to us and frankly judge it's not
fair to you you probably been told you
have the votes to me confirm so you
don't have to care but I care I care
about the integrity of the Supreme Court
I care about who's on there I think you
should care what's in that just as we
should care what's in it
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
