when watergate started
he helped Carl and I immeasurably you
know is it is a very reluctant person in
in the torn the turmoil of am i doing
the right thing you know how do I get
this out over 13 years after the
identity of deep throat was revealed it
turned out a man named Mark fel former
associate director of the FBI served as
an anonymous source for Washington Post
reporters Carl Bernstein and Bob
Woodward his leads approved Watergate
ultimately led to the resignation of
Richard Nixon and as it was going down
the president of course raged about
Woodward and Bernstein so tonight fast
forward to another presidency dealing
with a damaging anonymous source from
within as another president rages about
Bob Woodward with us tonight to talk
about all of it Pulitzer Prize winning
author and historian Jon Meacham who
also happens to be an MSNBC contributor
John I'll start with a small question
how does our country and democracy stand
tonight in your estimation I actually
think we're in a in better shape than we
were maybe two or three weeks ago please
tell me how that is possible after the
day we just have I will tell you because
we're talking about it and there's
increasing evidence there's facts in a
post truth world facts are coming into
play look at the institutions that have
been functioning over the past three
weeks the rule of law the justice system
in terms of the matter fort verdict the
Cohen plea the CFO of the Trump
Organization beginning to cooperate we
had so that's the legal side we had the
emotional national identity element
working with the memorials for Senator
McCain a really a tribute to an idea
that we would put country first and now
we have both with Bob's book and with
the op-ed we have evermore evidence that
things are not as they should be
a lot of people say well we've known
that forever well yeah but those aren't
the people who wrote the things that's
easy to say if you haven't reported it
out and said this so here we have for
all the issues about anonymous writing
and should this person have put their
name on it and resigned dramatically
like Cyrus Vance and the desert one
leave that aside for a second this is
actually moving toward it seems to me a
genuine reckoning because there are
facts in evidence that weren't
necessarily in evidence when we started
the month of August well let's talk
about this person who has written this
anonymous piece where do you stand on
the coward versus traitor versus hero
versus trailblazer and when I'll go
further when Woodrow Wilson was addled
by a stroke in the White House when dick
Nixon was three scotches deep in the
evening doing strange things walking
down the hallway did people on the
inside talk and we're we better or worse
for the lack of it well they talked
after the fact that's what's so
interesting you know and again Bob
Woodward's the common denominator here
but much of what we knew about Nixon
talking to the portraits and then
worrying that the portraits might talk
back or building the turning up the air
conditioning and and building a fire in
the Lincoln sitting room and raging most
of that came in a book called the final
days which was not published I think
until 76 or 77 it came after the fact
this is as ever
Trump has sped everything up this is a
real time final days playing out it's as
if we had this almost a webcam inside
the White House to some extent it says
though what happened today when the New
York Times posted that piece is it
rather as though Al Haig who had been
Henry Kissinger aid became the White
House chief of staff after Bob Haldeman
was fired on or resigned on April 30th
of 1973 this is Oh Al Haig had decided
to anonymously write an op-ed and a lot
of the things that we found out in the
books afterward we found out in real
time
that I think is one of the reasons I'm
somewhat optimistic at least the facts
are unfolding when we still have time to
do something about them hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
