so called senior administration official
really exist or is it just the failing
New York Times with another phony source
if the gutless anonymous person exists
does exist
The Times must for national security
purposes turn him over turn him over
you're not straight what's going on well
I heard Holly say earlier I mean they're
upset the president touched this person
well I hear that they are looking to
figure out who it is you saw what Sarah
Huckabee sander said earlier is this
person should resign I think they're out
looking for this person they're very
upset
wasn't it fingerprints what are the
fingerprint people are looking and
looking at all sorts of language I mean
someone told me earlier that works for
the administration that you know if you
look at some of this free minds free
markets we were talking about it seems
more libertarian than conservative you
know there are a good number of
libertarian as opposed to traditional
conservatives in the administration but
they're gonna look around and I mean I
suppose that's the big libertarian yeah
hey they can look at their emails their
phone records they have you know people
coming and going
they're you know you talk about the deep
state if Trump wants to use the deep
state to find the whereabouts
don't call my god state anymore possible
that somebody would write a letter for
the New York Times to attack the White
House they work for their administration
to work for and keep it secret from
everybody at work that's what I'm
talking about here somebody didn't tell
their secretary they lost any money that
secret from was their book agent agree
with the book a book contract comes next
followed by the miniseries I mean be a
very rich and I was Nixon do Nixon
created the plumbers to stop the leaks
to find the leaks and that led to the
Watergate yeah I know doing things like
that they can do that that said this is
by my count this is the six hundred and
forty fifth thing to bring down the
Trump presidency right well I was just
going to say if you deprive some of the
reporting here is that the New York
Times actually got this a few days ago
so it was before the Woodward stuff came
out it's just very bad timing that here
it is the Woodward stuff came out
yesterday and it basically is the next
day it's reiterating a lot of the stuff
so that's that's
what's angry it's a one-two punch it's
also the week that they're trying to
show this Cavanaugh confirmation hearing
they feel like they have this is a good
thing for them and it's nobody's talking
about it because I think I think I think
one of the other networks I think Fox is
trying to keep the focus on Cavanaugh
but I don't think it's look at that
tweet that just came out I mean think
about it again we keep beginning how
outrageous this all is he just called on
the New York Times to turn over to the
government as if he's going to put them
in handcuffs and you know throw them out
in the court a source of their someone
who wrote a piece for them this is you
know this is an autocratic impulse it's
not saying we're going to look for the
guy and fire him
it goes far beyond either way Nixon
dream you said two different thanks guys
he said they made it up they wrote it
themselves and we better turn the guy
over India is the way that's gonna go on
a chase to try to find out who did this
well I mean it's just started so they
haven't announced any official action
but sure they're asking around and
trying to figure this Huckabee Sanders
the smart person on this who would be
the smartest that's spooking out this
thing and figure well here's the thing
we keep kind of trying to forget you
mentioned earlier senior administration
official could mean so many things he
doesn't have to be someone in the
executive office of the White House this
could be someone in one of the agencies
or department cabinet secretaries deputy
secretaries that's a senior
administration and you think The Times
would give the credit to that person as
a senior administration for us anytime
we have a source becomes Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
