I was of course president late today the
president moments after the bombshell
opinion piece dropped it in New York
ties which will run tomorrow join me
right now with the very latest that it
is NBC News chief White House
correspondent Allie Jackson I've been
waiting to hear what you know because
you know everything that's happening
right now well I mean that right now
you're the king of that lady what is
what is the what is that what it's going
to have an internal investigation they
must be wondering using the very notes
you can figure out who writes something
if you go through a study of the
vocabulary you can figure it out go
ahead your thoughts this boga it's a
couple things here crest let me tell you
first through your first question what
do we know right now I will tell you
this there are people close to the
president and the White House telling us
telling myself my colleagues Kristen
Welker Peter Alexander the president's
mood is volcanic to use their
description of the words he is exploding
at this furious not just about the op-ed
itself the contents of it but that it
would be published in the New York Times
a paper he both despises and yet at
times yearns to be in when he calls
reporters in to be able to talk to them
that it was published anonymously in the
time so let's be clear anonymous to us
but not to the heads of the op-ed pages
in The Times they know who this person
is they're just not telling everybody
else because they say the senior
administration official would then
jeopardize this person's job if they
were in fact to be revealed publicly as
for the so that's what we know is going
on we know that the president is
bothered by this because he called this
gutless he said it himself publicly
inside the East Room just after this
news broke as for the second part of
your question the idea of the
speculation boy that is the the game of
the moment here Chris just to get was
walking up walking up the driveway to
come on the air to talk with you and
somebody shot at how you do you think it
is that is the question of the moment
and and again there is a lot of like
okay linking this word this person can
we do this keep in mind this is an
administration where officials inside
this West Wing and in the administration
have routinely tried to throw people off
the set right to cover their tracks by
planting different words or phrases or
ideas in order to misdirect essentially
so it is in
you know the tradecraft of your business
as well as anybody around the term
senior administration official is not a
BS term it's not somebody it's not one
of the guards at the gate it's not
somebody who reports to reports the
reports - it's probably someone who
reports to a cabinet official order the
president pretty high up
that's senior guard you just said though
probably Creston here's the thing every
news organization just to pull back the
curtain defines senior administration
official a little bit differently we
have asked the New York Times how do
they define senior administration
official what does that mean is it
somebody who has it some organizations
does senior means somebody who talks
directly to the president does senior
refer to a title in a certain area the
New York Times is not responding to that
question from us but they are they are
describing this person is somebody who
is in their words senior Chris what if
it comes out that it's not a senior
official and it will come out at some
point yeah that it's not they look
stupid so I don't think the times which
has a lot riding on this would call
somebody a senior administration
official they didn't mean it because we
all know what that means it's somebody
important somebody we knew it may not
know their name but we damn well know
what their job is like speechwriter for
the vice president for example somebody
knows how to write an op-ed piece
somebody knows that a file with James
Bennett in the op-ed page three times
knows how to do without the help of a
secretary or staffer or any kind of help
it's somebody can do it by themselves
because who would risk bringing in a
posse to do something like this that's
my thinking yours can I go back to
something that I was saying earlier that
relates to the point that you're just
making Chris which is well there is a
lot of intrigue about who did this how
did this come out there is also a lot of
concern about the actual contents of
this reporting Chris that backs up in
many ways Bob Woodward's reporting and
that bomb that has now been released
that talks about officials in this
administration steering this president
away from some of his worst impulses as
it's been described it is a direct link
we have connected it in history to
George Kennan Zechs telegram which was
about containment but in this case it's
not the containment of a foreign power
like the Soviet Union or the communist
threat internationally it's about the
threat of the chief executive of this
country Thank You Hallie Jackson hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching and
n-b-c on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
