one of the article was written today
said that the people the president√≠s
states is not a president he's not
running the United States government
he's just a guy doing his guy thing it's
just Trump being Trump the
administration officials by the way who
authored the op-ed also says that Trump
officials have considered attempts to
remove him from office quote given the
instability many witness there were
early whispers within the cabinet of
invoking the 25th amendment which would
start a complex process for removing the
president but no one wanted to
precipitate a constitutional crisis so
we will do what we can to steer the
administration in the right direction
until one way or another it's over Joyce
that's an amazing what a sepulchral
comment basically this presidency is
going to die at some point let's just
write it out and keep it as being as
least dangerous as possible the idea
that the 25th amendment would ever be
used is is really hard to contemplate
that we're at that point and it would
require the Vice President part company
with the President as well as a majority
of the cabinet and for those folks to
get together and ask the Congress to sit
down and consider the president's
competency so the op-ed is correct it
would trigger a constitutional crisis
Congress would have a lot of
decision-making power we can debate all
day whether they would stand up and
perform their function under this
setting but it would be largely
unprecedented and similarly the
president's reaction to call this
treason is just a mind-boggling display
of his ignorance about the
constitutional basis for founding this
country because something that the
founding fathers did was to reject the
idea that treason involved a sovereign
and they did away with a couple hundred
years of English common law and adopted
this view that treason is only a citizen
who provides aid or comfort to a foreign
enemy that there is no duty of loyalty
owed to the sovereign in that sense of
it being treasonous so he is shooting
off cylinders here but still hard to
contemplate that we're in 25th amendment
territory it sounds like we are rather
than dispute by the way the content of
the op-ed late today that will appear in
New York Times tomorrow the president
true to form lashed out at the Times
when you tell me about some anonymous
source within the administration
probably who's failing and probably here
for all the wrong reasons now and the
New York Times is failing if I weren't
here I believe the New York Times
probably wouldn't even exist so if the
failing New York Times has an anonymous
editorial can you believe it anonymous
meaning gutless necklace editorial we're
doing a great job the poll numbers are
through the roof our poll numbers are
great and guess what nobody is going to
come close to beating me in 2020 because
of what we've done
Serleena urinalysis well in that clip he
looks sweaty and a little bit unhinged
to use aa moroseness word but I think
you know as to the other guest points
this validates what we already knew from
the previous books and all of the
excellent reporting the Washington Post
and The Times has done over the past two
years I think what we as citizens and as
analysts and people living in this
country who care about our families and
our safety what we need to decide in
this moment is what do we do next is it
the 25th amendment is it making sure
that the house becomes a Democratic
majority in November so that we can then
perhaps even talk seriously about the
possibility of starting an impeachment
process which is not a one-step process
it's a two-step process so that would
just to begin at the beginning of that
would just be talking about it in a
serious way and I think that we're
actually in that moment the president is
a national security threat because he
doesn't understand foreign policy he
makes brass decisions he doesn't listen
to his advisors and we now have Bob
Woodward on record saying that general
mattis essentially took an order from
the President on the phone to
assassinate Assad an impulsive directive
and then see that what do you want the
Democrats to do I want the Democrats to
stand up and fight I think that you know
I was a general term so the Bush should
they promise impeachment in this
election I don't think you promise
impeachment that's not the role of the
Democratic Party I think the Democrats
can message around holding this
president accountable impeachment is one
of the ways to hold this president
accountable but it is actually up to the
citizens and the voters to ensure that
the Democrats have the votes necessary
in order to
any of those things so it's only go on
citizens so let's go to Phil I think you
here then the carer which with Democrats
are avoiding the word impeachment even
though I think a lot of wanted they they
have a passion for it I know I can read
polls and my question that is what did
it what's going to likely happen you
haven't been talking to you guys for
months now about people in the White
House willing to speak to you on
background this person went a step
beyond background and put out an op-ed
piece for the New York Times a direct to
me a statement of war against the
president now what's the next step gonna
be are people going to rally to this
Fletcher Christian character I mean it's
a mutiny that's what's going on people
within the White House are saying this
president sort of a captain queeg that
makes my metaphors he's a little bit off
it something's got to be done what will
be done inside the White House by this
staffer is anything well we'll see Chris
we'll see if the staffers inside the
White House are going to be able to
identify who this official is and if so
that official is probably not going to
be in the job for very long but I think
there's going to be mounting around here
I got to tell you most of us I've talked
to think it was somebody who can write
something that's not to put in our bed
piece together there's how to get it to
the times without any clerical
assistance without any kind of pomposity
having somebody make the letter the
phone call for him somebody to put it
online for him now somebody can do it
him or herself that's what I narrow it
down to what do you make of that I don't
know who I don't know who it is Chris I
can tell you from our reporting in the
last hour that the president is
speculating to his confidence that it
might be somebody in a national security
realm but there's no evidence yet of who
the official is regardless though I
think there's going to be public
pressure as Steve Schmidt was mentioning
for his official to come forward and for
others in the administration who
identify as part of this resistance to
come forward and perhaps that will
change the outlook that the Republican
leaders in Congress have had throughout
this presidency which is to sort of let
him go along with marks theorem likes to
use load stars it turned a vice
president likes to use his speech
writers like use the word load start an
unusual cab you Larry word and it shows
up in this op-ed it also talks about
morality the lack of around the a morale
morality it's it's it's sort of had a
sense of maybe a neocon edge to it a
sense of this president doesn't know
what he's doing in terms of
international strategy I can imagine a
number of motives behind this Michael
Schmitt yeah and it's interesting to see
what are the things that why would
somebody stick their neck out in their
career route unless they really believe
a there's ideology a friend or their
morality is being thread or the Republic
itself being threatened but from day one
you have seen more anonymous sources
talk about this presidency than any
other day they were so bothered by it
you see it every day in the paper now
you're simply seeing it in an op-ed so
is it that different well it certainly
has caught the public's attention
and that's the thing what are the things
that make a person a guy hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
