it's hard to imagine the president in an
orange jumpsuit for a lot of different
reasons some aesthetic some more
substantive but if you want to
understand what happened today with the
utter chaos in Washington brought about
in that Senate committee room by both
protesters and Senate Democrats trying
to delay or stop this particular
president from making a nomination to
the Supreme Court right now it's worth
being cognizant of the fact that this
president really is in a legal situation
unlike any other president who was in
the position to be nominating somebody
to the Supreme Court the orange jumpsuit
concern is real I mean the president's
own legal jeopardy is barreling toward a
finale that will almost assuredly rock
it through the federal courts and
thereby almost assuredly get to the
Supreme Court this president is an
unindicted co-conspirator in a federal
case that has been brought against his
personal lawyer and it's already
resulted in eight guilty felony police
that same longtime personal lawyer swore
in open court under oath that it was the
President himself who ordered him to
commit multiple felonies during the
course of the presidential campaign the
president's first national security
adviser his deputy campaign chair a
campaign foreign policy adviser have all
pled guilty already to federal felony
charges in conjunction with this
investigation we're awaiting a
sentencing at the end of this week for
the campaign foreign policy advisor who
has pled guilty the jury selection
process started literally today for a
second federal jury that is going to
hear additional felony charges against
the president's campaign chair who was
already just found guilty on eight
felony counts and who's about to go on
trial for another seven felony counts
the president's White House Counsel has
reportedly given over 30 hours of
interviews to the special counsel and
he's just announced that he's leaving
the administration the CFO of the
president's business an executive who's
been with the president for decades and
who worked for the president's father
before him the executive who has
apparently authorized every single
payment that ever went through the
president's business or Charitable
Foundation the executive who reportedly
filled out at least some of the
president's tax returns he has now been
granted immunity by federal prosecutors
in exchange for his cooperation in
their--in
as has the head of the National Enquirer
supermarket tabloid which prosecutors
say participated in some of the
president's illegal hush-money schemes
which have now been charged as federal
campaign finance felonies in the
Southern District of New York also
granted immunity this convicted
pedophile who most recently was the
business partner of a major Trump donor
and a high-ranking Republican Party
official who is now reportedly under
investigation by the Public Integrity
section at the US Justice Department for
influence peddling a federal grand jury
in Washington this week is continuing to
hear testimony that appears to be
connected to the president's longtime
political consultant Roger stone who is
now pleading publicly for help paying
his legal bills because he says he's
quite sure that he's the next one to be
indicted and soon yeah so it's not like
the president has anything to worry
about legally right I mean no chance
anything related to this president is
going to end up like in the courts
anytime soon right the New York Times
reports tonight that the special
counsels office is now negotiating in
writing with the president's current
legal team about the manner in which
they expect to be taking testimony from
the President himself in this scandal
and so yeah you might expect a little
controversy a little turbulence when a
president personally facing this amount
of legal jeopardy tries to install in
this context a new justice on the
Supreme Court I believe you've
repeatedly and enthusiastically embraced
an interpretation of presidential power
so expensive it could result in a
dangerously unaccountable president at
the very time and we are most in need of
checks and balances
you are the nominee of President Donald
John Trump this is a president has shown
us consistently that he's contemptuous
of the rule of law and it's that
president who's decided you are his man
you've taken the unorthodox position the
president should not be burdened with a
criminal or civil investigation while in
an office this is boring
now we have a president who is declared
in the last 24 hours
that the Department of Justice shouldn't
prosecute Republicans you know it's it's
Alice in Wonderland and I find it
difficult to imagine that your views on
this subject escaped the attention of
President Trump who seems increasingly
fixated on his own ballooning legal
jeopardy what Senator Leahy is talking
about there when he says the unorthodox
positions of Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh that president shouldn't be
burdened with a criminal or civil
investigation while in office what he's
saying there is true about Brett
Kavanaugh I mean Republicans in the
Senate have tried to create an image of
Judge Kavanagh as a sort of generic
normal conservative pick for the Supreme
Court but Brett Cavanaugh does swing
really really wide on and of course the
purely hypothetical issue of a president
someday who knows maybe somehow finding
himself or herself in legal jeopardy he
swings really wide on that issue he does
not come across as a cookie cutter
conservative Republican nominee on that
issue in particular on that one
he's an outlier even among conservatives
Brett Kavanaugh writing a 2009 quote we
should not burden a sitting president
with civil suits Criminal Investigations
or criminal prosecutions the president's
job is difficult enough as it is the
country loses when the president's focus
is distracted by the burdens of civil
litigation or criminal investigation and
possible prosecution quote even the
lesser burdens of a criminal
investigation including preparing for
questioning by criminal investigators
are time-consuming and distracting like
civil suits Criminal Investigations take
the president's focus away from his or
her responsibilities to the people and a
president who is concerned about an
ongoing criminal investigation is almost
inevitably going to do a worse job as
president quote the indictment and trial
of a sitting president would cripple the
federal government such an outcome would
ill serve the public interest
president Trump Supreme Court nominee
yes is expected to be a decisive vote to
make abortion illegal at least in large
swaths of the country by overturning roe
versus wade Brett Kavanaugh is expected
to be a decisive vote to remove limits
on secret money in political campaigns
he's expected to be a potentially
decisive vote on a number of issues of
racial justice including his
enthusiastic hostility to affirmative
action and to the Voting Rights Act and
I could keep going but you know the
basic idea here is clear and Republicans
see all of those things as the plus side
for Brett Kavanaugh that's why they want
to confirm him but you know what
there's a million judges like that they
could have picked a million judges who
have all those same positions on those
issues who would actually be more
confirmable than Brett Kavanaugh for
this seat on the Supreme Court
there's a million conservative
Republican judges out there who don't
have gazillions of pages of documents
from their 5 years serving in the George
W Bush White House dealing with the most
controversial issues of that
administration documents which
Republicans will now have to bend over
backwards to conceal from scrutiny thus
breaking all their own precedents about
how Supreme Court nominees are reviewed
the top Republican in the Senate Mitch
McConnell is said to have warned the
White House explicitly against picking
Kavanagh because he might be difficult
to confirm specifically because of his
super long paper trail that Republicans
didn't know how they would contend with
Kavanagh is not the easiest pick for
them he was first nominated to a federal
judgeship in 2003 it took the George W
Bush White House three freaking years to
get him confirmed because he was seen as
so controversial and so partisan and
then when he was finally confirmed
there's strong evidence that he misled
the Senate at his confirmation hearings
and told them something that was not
true
when they were trying to confirm him for
that last job Republicans could have
chosen a gazillion different Brett
Kavanaugh type judges when it comes to
policy issues on which we are quite sure
that Brett Cavanaugh will vote as a
hardline uncompromising right-wing
justice but out of all the judges this
president could have picked this
president picked the
the only judge we know of to have been
on the president's supposed list of
contenders who for example had gone out
of his way in a public setting to say
that the Supreme Court's unanimous
ruling in US v Nixon might have been
wrongly decided
the only nominee who has sketched out a
truly unique even to the point of being
strange view of a president
susceptibility to serious criminal
investigations Brett Kavanaugh is the
only one out there that we know who says
a president shouldn't even be questioned
let alone indicted or prosecuted and so
yes it is a little on the nose that this
particular nominee was chosen by a
president who is himself the subject of
serious criminal investigation right now
while Cavanaugh's confirmation
proceedings are underway and now the
president excuse me now the senators
from the president's party appear ready
to pull out all the stops to get this
nominee confirmed before the midterm
elections in November that will decide
the control of Congress president
signaled in an interview with Bloomberg
News last week that as soon as the
midterm elections are over he will move
to fire the Attorney General jeff
Sessions after the midterm election we
also know from a tape we obtained of
congressman Devin Nunez from the
Intelligence Committee and cathy
McMorris Rodgers who's in the House
Republican leadership we know from the
tape we obtained of them speaking at a
Republican fundraiser that the House
Republican plan after the midterm
elections is also to impeach and try to
remove from office the Deputy Attorney
General Rod Rovin Rosenstein who
directly oversees the Moller
investigation and he will continue to
oversee that investigation unless and
until Attorney General Jeff Sessions is
replaced in office which the president
says will happen right after the
midterms in order to rush through
Cavanaugh's confirmation before the
midterm elections before the midterm
elections take place and the White House
and Republicans in Congress thereafter
make those promised moves to try to
throttle the Russia investigation
Republicans in the Senate are trying to
ram through this confirmation as quickly
as possible and part of the reason part
of the way they are doing that is by
just not allowing a review of
Cavanaugh's record if you saw any of the
hearing today you saw Democrats
complaining about not having the
paperwork
right how Brett Cavanaugh's records are
being withheld from the committee
they're being withheld from the public
it's an unprecedented way to proceed
with the Supreme Court nomination to not
have documents from the nominees time in
public service reviewed by the National
Archives and made available to the
committee and to the public so they can
vet the nomination rather than allow the
National Archives to review and release
Brett Cavanaugh's records on the
occasion of his confirmation hearings
Republicans instead they're really
trying to get away with this brand-new
system they have McGuyver it up for
considering Brett Cavanaugh's paper
trail as fast as possible but definitely
before the election this thing that they
have invented the system they have
invented for reviewing Cavanaugh's
record the Republican plan which is why
Democrats went so nuts today the
Republican plan really does seem to be
that Cavanaugh's Records will just be
reviewed by an old friend of his fellow
Republican activist lawyer from the bush
administration a man named bill Burke
who also at the same time is
representing Steve Bannon former White
House chief of staff Reince Priebus and
outgoing White House Counsel Don Magan
in the Russia investigation so bill
Burke is representing three crucial
Trump related witnesses in the Russia
investigation and simultaneously he
personally is serving as the gatekeeper
on what documents from Brett Cavanaugh's
past will be allowed to be seen by the
committee and by the Senate before
Kavanagh is put on the Supreme Court and
so now things did not look normal today
at this committee hearing in Washington
and 70 people were arrested at this
hearing today and they couldn't get 30
seconds into this hearing today before
it all started to fall apart and it was
hours delayed and we've never seen a
confirmation hearing quite like this but
there's a reason for that there's a
reason for that
we've never had a nominee like this it's
clear they went out of their way to find
this particular nominee and he's trying
and and the president is attempting to
put him on the court at a time that the
president's own legal jeopardy sets this
nomination apart from any of
in US history so there's a there's a
reason why things are going a little
nuts today we got Moorhead tonight
including my interview with John Kerry
stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
