Figg won tonight in the age of trump
we've seen the rise of a new
conservative phenomenon of wrecking your
own stuff to quote on the lips it's a
silly little frame refrain that
basically means I'll show you liberals
sometimes it's a little thing like
canceling your Netflix account because
the company signed a deal with the
Obamas the buy on the Hulu gal now but
that's nothing compared to the owners of
Yeti coolers who were so upset when it
was reported the company cut ties with
the NRA they did this hashtag Yeti
hashtag it already
hashtag ar-15
No there goes that Yeti last year we saw
conservatives destroying their own k-cup
machines and it was because Keurig had
stopped advertising on the Sean Hannity
show today they're all over the internet
setting fires to their Nikes what is it
this time you ask well perhaps it's got
something to do with this guy
becoming the new face of the company
that's thing too in 60 seconds over the
holiday weekend Nike announced that
quarterback Colin Kaepernick would be
the face of the 30th anniversary of its
just do it ad campaign
Kaepernick shared the ad on Twitter
which is a black and white close-up of
his face with the slogan believe in
something even if it means sacrificing
everything the backlash was almost
immediate hashtag boycott boycott Nike
was trending on Twitter and images of
people burning their shoes which grows
or cutting the famed Nike swoosh off
their socks went viral of course this is
because Kaepernick sparked nationwide
debate for kneeling during the national
anthem to protest police violence and
racial injustice and ever since he has
been unable to get a spot on an NFL team
for some reason he's faced death threats
and has repeatedly been attacked by the
president who just today in the
interview of Daily Caller
called the Nike ad quote a terrible
message a terrible message again believe
in something even if it means
sacrificing everything hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
