I'm joined now at one of the centers who
led that revolt in the Kavanagh hearing
to a Democratic Center Kamala Harris of
California senator why did the chair I
was a little confused about what
happened there but the chair was
gaveling for order he could have just
taken a party-line vote and won the vote
right well he should have taken a vote
and the vote should have been on the
motion that both senator Blumenthal and
I made one was to suspend the hearing or
at the very least postpone the hearing
until we had all of the documents that
that we need to have to be able to fully
vet this nominee and to also share that
information with the American public so
they know what they're giving in there
next member of the United States Supreme
Court if you were confirmed you know
there was a kind of unifying theme among
Republicans on the committee today that
Democrats and activists and the
protesters in the chamber are all
getting sort of worked up excessively I
want to play you what one of your
colleagues Ben Sasse said when he
referred to the hysteria that he's
seeing in the critics take a listen
people are gonna pretend that Americans
have no historical memory and supposedly
there haven't been screaming protesters
saying women are gonna die at every
hearing for decades so the fact that the
hysteria has nothing to do with you
means that we should ask what's the
hysteria coming from the hysteria around
Supreme Court confirmation hearings is
coming from the fact that we have a
fundamental misunderstanding of the role
of the Supreme Court in American life
now do you think people being hysterical
senator well Chris with that one I think
it's a mistake to refer to women who are
using their voice to protest a flawed
process to refer to them as hysterical
there's a whole line of discussion and
and and writings on how the word
hysteria has been used to talk about
women who own their power so putting
that piece aside I'll say that this was
a hearing that we held today where we
were given 15 hours to review 42,000
pages of documents it's a hearing where
there are a hundred thousand pages of
documents that no other president has
done this but this president has applied
executive privilege to deny us the
ability to have access
to those documents and this is a nominee
who has a long history of being a
political operative a long history of
working for various conservative
Republican administrations to frankly do
a lot of dirty work that has been
politically motivated this committee has
a right to fully vet this nominee the
American public has a right to know who
he is and there is so much on the line
and so much at stake
so to suggest that people who understand
the seriousness of this and are
protesting the lack of transparency the
lack of due process to suggest that
they're hysterical is really to try and
I think throw out a red herring and not
deal with the real issue which is that
this is a hearing that is severely
flawed and it should be postponed until
we can vet who the nominee really is you
just said something that you said
unprecedent has done this I people I
think can sometimes get lost in the
back-and-forth over documents what here
is most troubling to you or what's
unprecedented well what's unprecedented
is that we are there's a whole trove of
documents that applied to this nominees
professional life that we have no access
to and we've been denied access this is
unprecedented Elena Kagan for example
she worked for an administration and the
documents that were associated with her
work in that administration were given
to the committee so that they could
fully vet who she was executive
privilege was not applied to the
documents that were associated with her
work with that White House but that's
not the case here this is unprecedented
there is a sense I think of folks and
you can hear it in the sort of
Republicans saying today look we won the
election you lost we get to do whatever
we want to do what's your response to
that Barack Obama won the election and
he nominated Merrick garland and they
obstructed the ability of that elected
president
nominate and have a meaningful hearing
on his nominee to the United States
Supreme Court so it lacks merit that
allegation it is actually it's an empty
point at least as applied to the
Republicans who were presented with a
nominee by a President of the United
States and that nominee was Merrick
garland and they wouldn't even give him
an interview and one-on-one meetings
much less a hearing senator Kamala
Harris who was there at the committee
today you will be seeing her all week
it's great to have you thank you very
much your time tonight thanks Chris take
care hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
