last year Donald Trump swore an oath to
preserve protect and defend the nation's
system of laws we saw that during his
inauguration and then I don't think we
saw that anymore
Joe yeah yeah it's it's really
unbelievable we've been we've been
talking about it all morning and you
know one of the disconnects I've seen
Mika is that Donald Trump made that oath
to protect and defend the Constitution
of the United States
we've seen them violate that day in and
day out time and time again and yet if
you go through the verb eighths of a lot
of polls you have you don't you don't
hear Americans talking about Russia you
don't have American hear Americans
talking about the Department of Justice
you don't hear them talking about Muller
there they're talking about the sort of
things that voters have always talked
about and those are sort of the the
bread-and-butter issues how am i doing
how's the economy doing can I afford to
send my second kid to school can I
afford to you know pay my read every two
weeks and I think that's going to be
what's going to be so interesting as we
go into these midterm elections how much
of a focus is there going to be on the
issues that so many people in the media
are so focused on for good reasons I'm
not so sure there is gonna be a great
focus among voters on that as much as
say the economy now and as we said going
to break what happens in Washington will
depend on what happens everywhere else
and how people are feeling we're kicking
off the midterm election season with
live reporting from key battlegrounds
joining us now in Miami Beach Florida
MSNBC correspond at Jacob Soboroff in
Milwaukee Wisconsin MSNBC correspondent
Vaughn Hilliard and in Biloxi
Mississippi NBC News correspondent Katie
Beck so Joe we'll be looking at these
battlegrounds and seeing how people
really feel yeah we sure will and take a
blood start with you
if Tim Russert were here today I do not
like to put the words in great men's
mouths but if Tim Russert were here
today I have a feeling he would say 2018
s midterms we're gonna all be
encapsulated by what happened in Florida
Florida Florida you have the hottest
gubernatorial race in Florida already
you you you have racist racist overtone
there you have probably the most
competitive Senate race between the
sitting governor and Bill Nelson
I mean Florida is going to have it all
this fall it's gonna be the epicenter
Joanna and I have to say you hit the
nail on the head you know so often we
were here last week for that stunning
primary election victory of Andrew
Gilliam against Ronda against Ronda
Santas who's gonna face off with in the
fall and the national conversation has
really been about how Florida is a
microcosm of bigger national issues but
we're not hearing about Russia we're not
hearing about you know the investigation
we're not hearing the names Comey or
Mahler we're hearing about the economy
we're hearing about jobs here and about
how the environment ties to all of that
after the election victory last Tuesday
we decided to sort of set off here
across South Florida for the rest of the
week we went all over the place we went
from here in Miami where we heard people
talking about jobs in the Cuban American
community we went down to the Everglades
and we heard from two fishermen who told
me one Republican one Democrat about how
the toxic algae and the seagrass die-off
are connected to the local economy here
and how the environment has to be
critical and we went down to Big Pine
Key and we talked to somebody who just
exactly a year ago survived hurricane
Emma and is still struggling to get back
on his feet and he says he doesn't trust
a word that comes out of politicians
mouths from either party and that really
is the big issue the biggest challenge
getting people to come out to vote in
the first place in the midterm election
year where people are so distrustful of
politicians you know the candidates are
gonna make their cases again on all of
these big issues but the economy over
and over again is the one that we keep
hearing about because it's how people
survive at the end of the day there you
go Jacob thank you let's go to Vaughn
Hilliard in Wisconsin where the ongoing
NAFTA
our major issues for voters there on
what are you hearing yeah good morning
guys it's not just Wisconsin but you
have the likes of Michigan Ohio Iowa
when we've been around over the last
three months through the summer during
this trade war talking to voters what
we've constantly heard dating back to
early June was that give the president
time he needs these time he needs these
the ability to openly negotiate with the
countries in the interesting
conversation here over the weekend we
had with folks was the number of
individuals that told us that look the
president just came up with a trade deal
with Mexico and it's not dissimilar from
what we heard a month ago when the
president said that he had created a
deal to begin conversations with the EU
of course neither of those are actual
deals they still have to be negotiated
and they still have to get congressional
approval but there's this hope and the
president that is still out there across
the board from voters and when you talk
to them they kind of repeat what the
president said he the president has said
he's called tariffs quote the greatest
exclamation point and he has
consistently said despite here in
Wisconsin look you've got the cranberry
industry that has had been hit by
tariffs you have dairy you have you have
the likes of harley-davidson just a few
blocks down the road that is utter he's
seen up to fifty five million dollars in
losses in the announcement that they're
going to be moving some of their
manufacturing overseas but what we've
heard consistently is that hoping the
president and just give the boss the
chance whether that's enough and these
slim margin of states is is going to be
the question we'll be looking at these
next two months well let's move over to
Katie Boeck in Mississippi where the
focus is on whether african-american
voters can send a Democratic candidate
to the Senate Katie what did you find
well Mika a Democrat hasn't won a
statewide election here in Mississippi
in more than three decades so this is
going to be an uphill battle
that being said Democrats are more
motivated than ever seeing a rarely open
Senate seat as a possible window of
opportunity now the Democrats are
running former Congressman Mike SB for
this open Senate seat that was vacated
earlier this year by longtime Republican
thad Cochran SB has said expect a
national style campaign that he is going
to do a full-court press and that he is
going to be eagerly seeking the votes of
African American voters that
because here in Mississippi all eyes are
still on what happened in Alabama in
that special election last December what
sent doug jones to washington a lot of
people believe was the historic turnout
of black voters and obviously the
strategists here that are working for SB
are thinking if we can turn out that
same voting bloc that voting bloc making
up 37% of the electorate here in
Mississippi then perhaps we can have an
outcome and take that seat back yeah all
right Katie Boeck Vaughn Hillier Jacob
Soboroff thank you all thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
