I said today was a busy day in the
courts today the same federal judge
who's hearing the Paul Manafort case in
DC in a couple weeks today her courtroom
same courtroom same judge was where we
learned that there is a hold new
defendant in the Russia scandal who we
didn't know was coming I think the big
bottom line here with this new defendant
who appeared in court today is that the
special counsels office has flipped
another cooperating witness in the
Russia investigation but there's other
potential threats here to pull I mean
Robert Miller and his prosecutors
definitely we now know they have
obtained another guilty plea to another
federal felony charge this one comes
with a this one comes explicitly with a
written robust cooperation agreement for
this defendant because of who this
defendant is though there I think there
are a bunch of intriguing questions as
to how he fits in to the larger case I
mean it's interesting a bunch of
different news outlets including
Washington Post and CNN have done the
hard work and the very useful work
actually of trying to maintain online an
ongoing updated list of all the people
who we know have talked to Robert Muller
and his prosecutors all the people who
we know are somehow involved in the
special counsels investigation before
today this guy who just pled guilty in
in federal court he was not on any any
of these lists nobody knew that he was
coming as the next defendant but his
name is Sam
Patton he's 47 years old he's a
Republican activist and political
consultant he was arraigned and pled
guilty in federal court in Washington DC
today before that same judge whose
hearing the Paul Manafort trial next
month
the hearing happened at 11 a.m. Eastern
it took less than an hour and it was a
very formal hearing the prosecutors were
asked by the judge in open court to
explain the felony to which Sam Patton
was going to plead guilty and the
prosecutors did explain that at some
length but they did it kind of in
legalese they didn't bother to spell it
all out in plain English they basically
just read the formal written criminal
information
that they had filed with the court it's
a very formal proceeding but but still
the defendant was present himself
because he had to enter his own guilty
plea and so in court today we did get to
see him go through the serious nuts and
bolts with the judge with him confirming
to the judge that he understood that he
was pleading guilty that he understood
the implications of that he understood
that this was a serious thing to which
he was pleading guilty we also got to
see him crucially confirm in open court
that basically all of this happened to
him today
because he has agreed to cooperate with
prosecutors
so I hears from the court transcript
today the judge all right mr. Patton is
what the prosecutors just told me a true
and accurate description of what you did
in this case the defendants and patent
it is your honor the judge and so did
you in fact act as an agent of a foreign
principle without registering with the
Attorney General the defendant I did
your honor the judge and now there is a
written statement of the offense which I
take it you and your lawyer have gone
over carefully the defendant yes your
honor the judge are you the one who
again signed it on the last page where
it says defendants acceptance indicating
that it was true the defendant yes your
honor
the judge do you understand that if I
accept your guilty plea in this case you
could receive a maximum sentence of up
to five years incarceration for that
offense the defendant I do your honor
the judge now do you also understand
that in this case as part of your plea
agreement there is a paragraph that
requires you to cooperate fully and
truthfully in this case the defendant
Sam Patton yes your honor the judge and
do you also understand that the
government has agreed to bring the
nature and extent of your cooperation to
my attention at the time of your
sentencing the defendant that is my
understanding your honor
and then here's sort of the moment that
everybody's waiting for in the courtroom
the judge says quote are you entering
this plea of guilty voluntarily and of
your own free will because you are
guilty and for no other reason the
defendant I am your honor the judge is
there anything you don't understand
about this proceeding or about your plea
and
case the defendant no your honor the
judge is there anything you want to ask
me or ask your lawyer before I ask you
for your final decision in this case the
defendant no your honor the judge are
you ready now to make a decision about
whether you want to enter a plea of
guilty or whether you want to have a
trial but defendant yes your honor the
judge and what's your decision the
defendant I would I plead guilty to the
charge and the judge says I am satisfied
that this defendant is fully competent
and capable of making a decision today
that he understands the nature and
consequences what he is doing the
transcript won't reflect it
the judge says but he has actually
nodded his head with every yes with
every question I have asked him today I
find that he is acting voluntarily and
of his own free will and that there is
an adequate factual basis for the plea
and therefore I will accept the plate
and so Sam Patton today becomes the
latest cooperating witness and the
latest guilty plea in the special
counsels investigation now mr. Patton
has not yet been sentenced he will not
be sentenced until probably quite a few
months from now down the road when the
judge who accepted his plea today will
consider information that she gets from
prosecutors about how well Sam Patton is
actually performed as a cooperator with
them she will take that into account
when she decides whether or not he is
going to prison and if so for how long
in the meantime though before he has
sentence Sam Patton today was ordered to
hand over his passport he will have to
seek permission from the court if he
wants to travel anywhere outside the
Metropolitan Washington DC area but
other than that he was allowed to go
home on his own recognizance the next
time he's due back in court is Halloween
60 days from now but again he eventually
will be sentenced by that same judge who
took his plea today now I mentioned that
Sam Patton is the latest cooperating
witness in the latest guilty plea in the
special counsels investigation I should
note that this appears to be another one
of those cases that started with the
special counsels office but they appear
to have handed it off the prosecutors
who actually appeared in court today for
this hearing for Sam Patton were
prosecutors from the US Attorney's
Office in DC
also from Maine justice from the
National Security Division at main
justice reporters say that at least one
lawyer and multiple FBI agents
associated with the special counsel's
office were physically there in court
today to see Sam Patton get arraigned to
see him plead guilty but those FBI
agents and lawyers from the special
counsels office although they were there
they didn't speak in court and they
definitely didn't answer any reporters
questions so this originated in the
special counsel's office and then it was
handed off to those other entities to
actually prosecute him so how does this
latest guilty plea and this latest
cooperation agreement from this guy fit
into the larger picture I'm so glad you
asked I have a lot of things to say
about that I will start small I don't
mean to be catty but first of all I will
just note that the president's outside
counsel on the Russia investigation
really is supposedly Rudy Giuliani the
former mayor of New York City it's
amazing I mean we call the White House
for comment and confirmation on all
sorts of stories all the time when it's
about the Russia investigation they
refer us to outside counsel and what
they literally mean is that we should
call Rudy Giuliani as if we can get real
information from Rudy Giuliani thank you
we'll call back later
but it should he is supposedly the
outside counsel on the OSHA
investigation and it should be noted
that mr. Giuliani as such is on the
record saying the entire Special Counsel
investigation will be wrapped up done
and dusted
definitely by tomorrow
well your honor since the special
counsels office just today arraigned and
accepted a guilty plea and a formal
cooperation agreement from a brand-new
defendant I think it's fair to say that
mr. Giuliani may have been a little bit
off in that prediction about this thing
ending by dawn so again I don't mean to
seem catty about that but it's amazing
that that's who the outside counsel is
for the president on a matter this
serious and given that his latest on the
record pronouncement about the Special
Counsel investigation is that it's
ending tomorrow
sort of tells you what kind of position
the president is in in terms of his
representation so there's that more
substantively it's clear that this
latest guilty plea this latest
cooperating witness has very strong
links to the president's campaign
chairman and and to the ongoing legal
travails of Paul Manafort the actual
charge to which Sam Patton pled guilty
today was that he was operating as an
unregistered foreign agent to be more
specific than that prosecutors today
charged him with being an unregistered
foreign agent lobbying for and
representing the interests of the same
pro-russia Ukrainian political party
that Paul Manafort
has been charged with being a foreign
agent for for his trial that's due to
start in a couple of weeks both Sam
patent today and and Paul Manafort and
his trial on a couple of weeks they're
both charged with being unregistered
foreign agents for something called the
opposition bloc which is what forms in
Ukraine after mana forts pro-russia
client Viktor Yanukovych the dictator in
Ukraine was deposed and chased backs but
back to Moscow in a popular uprising
they remade Yanukovych's party as this
group opposition bloc so that's one link
to the the mana fort case both Sam
Patton today and Paul Manafort are
charged with the same crime and they're
charged with committing the same crime
on behalf of the same foreign entity
also Paul mana for it has a co-defendant
in his next trial the trial that's due
to start in Washington DC in a couple
weeks his co-defendant is not likely to
turn up in the courtroom though his name
is Constantine Kalume Nick he's Russian
born he's described by the FBI's having
active links to Russian intelligence
agencies Konstantin column Nick worked
for years at Paul mana forts firm and he
has charged alongside Manta for it in
some of the felony charges that man for
will be facing in a couple of weeks but
in addition to his work with Paul
Manafort this guy Constantine Kalume
Nick also formed a company with a
consulting firm with Sam Patton the guy
who was charged today so that's another
link between these two cases and here's
another link the the pro-russian
politician the Ukrainian leader who Paul
Manafort worked for and helped get
elected in Ukraine as I mentioned that
was Viktor yen
Kovich there's no mention of victor
yanukovych in the charging documents
today related to Sam Patton but Sam
Patton according to prosecutors was
placing op-eds in US media outlets and
was organizing political meetings on
Capitol Hill that the the guy for whom
Sam Patton was illegally lobbying
without registering as a foreign agent
it wasn't Viktor Yanukovych but it was
Viktor Yanukovych's chief of staff so
Paul Manafort is charged with being an
unregistered foreign agent for Viktor
Yanukovych and his party Sam Patton is
charged with being an unregistered
foreign agent for Viktor Yanukovych's
party and Viktor Yanukovych's chief of
staff the unnamed foreign official who's
designed described throughout the
charging documents for Patton today all
indications are that he was this guy
Sergei lavochkin part of opposition bloc
chief of staff to Yanukovych he's all
over the Sam Patton charging documents
today if he is in fact the unnamed
foreign official who's described in
these documents it should also be noted
that in the evidence that was introduced
in the last Paul Manafort trial that
same guy Sergei lavochkin is described
as basically being the main paymaster
for Paul Manafort for all the work he
did in Ukraine more than forty million
dollars of the overseas payments that
prosecutors say were funneled to Paul
Manafort over the years came from this
guy Survey Sergei lavochkin who has a
starring role in today's new indictment
as well now so lots of links to manna
far right you may have heard today that
when they charged this guy Sam Patton
today and they got his guilty plea and
he signed off in this cooperation deal
you may have heard today that
prosecutors also claimed in his case
that Patton illegally funneled foreign
money into the Trump inauguration it's a
$50,000 illegal donation that
prosecutors described today this $50,000
in illegal foreign money that was
funneled into the Trump inauguration
according to these charging documents
today that money according to
prosecutors also came from this same
Ukranian guy who plays such a big role
in the metaphor case sergei lavochkin
so there's lots and lots of ties today
between this guy's new case today and
mana forts case which is still ongoing
right still ongoing because he's got
another second federal trial coming up
in a couple of weeks but on that
specific claim by prosecutors today
about the Trump inauguration that is
fascinating for a whole bunch of reasons
I mean for one bluntly this is the first
time that prosecutors have directly
alleged that foreign money was funneled
into any Trump campaign entity also the
mechanism by which it was done is
interesting according to the statement
of offense today in this Sam Patton case
Sam Patton convinced some American
person we don't know who it was to write
a check that was a $50,000 check that
was basically supposed to look like an
American $50,000 donation to the Trump
inauguration that $50,000 donation
obtained four tickets to Trump inaugural
events
well that American person whoever it was
that person who wrote the check in their
own name that person then got reimbursed
that $50,000 from Sam Patton and his
company then Sam Patton and his company
got reimbursed by the Ukrainian oligarch
guy Yanukovych is chief of staff he
wired Sam Patton $50,000 to cover the
expense out of an offshore bank account
that he controlled in Cyprus so that's
that the mechanism is interesting right
it's money coming from abroad that Sam
Patton is passing through his company in
Washington through to some other
American citizen who donates the money
to Trump it's foreign money but it has
to go through that little route in order
to get to the Trump inaugural campaign
now I'm interested in every part of that
including who was the unnamed American
who wrote the check did that person do
this wittingly
how did prosecutors find out about all
of this do prosecutors believe this
might have happened in other
circumstances when it comes to the Trump
inauguration I mean part of the reason
this is such an interesting part of the
charge today from prosecutors is because
from the very beginning the Trump
inaugural committee has looked like a
giant slush fund we've been reporting on
this for like a a year more than a year
there's been it something is rotten in
Denmark when it comes to
the Presidential Inaugural committee and
we have been able to see it for a very
long time we're gonna have more on that
coming up in the show tonight it's just
been clear for almost since the
inauguration happened that there was
something very wrong with the math
around the inauguration the math and the
money they raised way way way more money
than they could have spent on that
inauguration that they actually had they
never accounted for what happened to the
money like I said we will get to more of
that later on this hour but but seeing
these first allegations from prosecutors
about the inaugural committee today is
something I've sort of been waiting for
it also sort of helps us out with the
timing about what's happened with this
new defendant in this new guilty plea in
this new cooperator
in the plea agreement the prosecutors
entered with the court today they say
that Sam Patton first came forward with
a proffer with his formal offer of
information to prosecutors on May 22nd
of this year
now what caused Sam Patton to come
forward to prosecutors on May 22nd we
don't know exactly but it may be helpful
to note that just before that but a week
and a half before that ABC News
published this great and super important
investigative piece about the Trump
inauguration about the possibility of
foreign money coming into the Trump
inauguration you see the headline there
exclusive special counsel probing
donations with foreign connections to
Trump inauguration ABC news broke that
really important story May 11th of this
year we now know according to this
charging document and prosecutors today
that less than two weeks later less than
two weeks after that piece was published
by ABC News prosecutors had locked down
a formal written proffer of information
and cooperation from this guy who we now
know is a cooperating witness and a new
and the newest guilty plea now that we
know he first started cooperating on May
22nd that also tells us that hey the
Moller investigation had an active
cooperating witness working with them
for more than the past three months and
none of us had any idea about it Moeller
side of this doesn't leak if you are
hoping to get juicy leaks out of the
special counsel's office nobody's
getting any leaks out of the special
counsel's office otherwise we would have
heard that Sam Patton was a
operator and was due to be charged
someday prosecutors also say in the
charging documents today that Sam Patton
lied to and obstructed the Senate
Intelligence Committee and their Senate
investigation of the Russia scandal we
hadn't even known that Sam Patton had
testified to the Senate Intelligence
Committee the Chairman and vice chairman
of that committee Senator Richard Burr
and Senator Mark Warner put out a
statement soon after Sam Patton was
charged today confirming that mr. Patton
did in fact speak to the committee
earlier this year they also said in
their statement that something about
Patton's testimony to the committee
caused them to notify the Justice
Department that he should be subject to
a criminal referral that's also new news
we didn't know that before today but did
that criminal referral from Burr and
Warner about Sam Patton did that lead to
this action by prosecutors today against
Sam Patton it kind of doesn't seem like
it it's it's interesting look at the
actual language from the statement that
Burr and Warner put out today this is
what they said quote we can confirm that
mr. Patton produced documents to the
committee and was interviewed by
committee staff due to concerns about
certain statements made by mr. Patton
the committee made a criminal referral
to the Department of Justice while the
charge and resultant plea today do not
appear to directly involve our referral
we appreciate their review of this
matter so this is fuzzy in an in an
interesting way Sam Patton testifies to
the Senate Intelligence Committee
something about that testimony causes
the Senate Intelligence Committee to
refer him to the Justice Department for
prosecution he has now as of today been
prosecuted but it's not clear if the
Justice Department actually prosecuted
him for the thing that he was referred
about we don't know if what upset the
Intelligence Committee so much is what
the Justice Department charged him with
it kind of seems like maybe it wasn't
we've been trying to figure out that how
those things connect all day the
Intelligence Committee has been no
commenting us all day ever since they
issued that statement and we've been
trying to figure it out so that remains
unclear in an interesting way but bigger
bigger picture here if they are now
going to be Department of Justice
prosecutions against people for lying to
Congress for lying to
committees investigating the Russia
scandal well that's a very interesting
turn in this case altogether
I mean members of Congress have made
strong and in some cases angry charges
that they've been lied to by a whole
bunch of different witnesses associated
with the president and the
administration and the campaign in
Russia related testimony everybody from
Eric Prince to Roger stone to Jared
Kushner to Donald Trump jr. I mean if
they're now going to be prosecutions
against witnesses for lying to Congress
on this subject where do we start so
we'll have more on that coming up
tonight as well if you know anybody who
has testified to Congress on this
subject if they seem a little more
nervous today than they did before today
this Sam Patton guilty plea today and
the statement of offense that
prosecutors released about him where
they nail him for lying to Congress
that's probably why your pal is nervous
today on this guy Sam Patton pleading
guilty and agreeing to cooperate I
mentioned before that he wasn't really
on anyone's radar in terms of the Moller
investigation and the Russia scandal
writ large before he turned up in court
today
I say that's that's true in general
there are a few important exceptions to
that though this spring a couple of
eagle-eyed journalists actually did
interesting interviews with and profiles
of Sam Patton particularly focused on
his relationship with Konstantin Kalume
Nick and and Sam Patton's role in the
Manafort ish former Soviet political
universe that started to come into focus
in this investigation when manna fort
first got in trouble Natasha Bertrand
from the Atlantic was one of those
journalists who interviewed Sam Patton
this spring her profile of him was not
just about Patton's relationship with
Constantine Clinic and and Patton's work
in the former Soviet Union she also
wrote about his work with Cambridge
analytic at Cambridge analytic is the
data firm that was paid millions of
dollars by the Trump for president
campaign Cambridge analytic has since
fallen on hard times they shut down in
May after serious controversy in which
it was revealed they'd stolen personal
information off of Facebook from tens of
millions of people without their
permission
part of that scandal was the apparent
link of some of that data theft to an
academic with ties to the Russian
government and there were other
unexplained Russia
related interests and ties for between
Cambridge analytic and its parent
company a whistleblower and him
Christopher Wylie was the main engine
behind that scandal that ultimately shut
down Cambridge analytically er this year
one of the things that he raised alarms
about this spring was Cambridge
analytical as early as 2014 and 2015 for
some reason testing u.s. audiences on
messaging related to Russia and Vladimir
Putin some of the message testing that
Cambridge analytic Adid even in 2014 so
well before the 2016 presidential
election involved testing opinions on
Vladimir Putin testing opinions on
Russian expansionism in Eastern Europe
Vladimir Putin was the only foreign
leader that this company tested as far
as you know at well as at least when I
was there that was he that that was true
during the extent that I was there he
was the only foreign leader that that
that that we had tested at the time that
I was there and for me that's concerning
why was Cambridge analytical in 2014
testing American audiences on their
views on Russia and Vladimir Putin Sam
Patton worked at Cambridge analytic on
in 2014-2015 he became a cooperating
witness and pled guilty today and today
after Sam Patton appeared in federal
court in Washington for his arraignment
and to plead guilty
Christopher Wiley that whistleblower
said this on Twitter quote breaking X
Cambridge analytic a contractor Sam
Paton just charged by FBI after Muller
referral this guy was responsible for
Cambridge analytical operations in the
US that involved covertly testing US
voter attitudes on Putin's leadership
quote I know there's more to come all
right so bottom line here thank you for
watching the news on Friday night before
a holiday weekend it's so worth it right
special council has a new cooperating
witness and a new guilty plea also
special counsels investigation is
apparently not ending tomorrow sorry
also this case appears to be linked to
the mana fort case for sure also this is
another unregistered foreign agent case
for the special counsels office
also for the first time this case raises
the possibility of Justice Department
prosecutions for people lying to
Congress about the Russia investigation
Oh
also for the first time prosecutors are
zeroing in on the Trump inauguration
describing illicit foreign funds being
funneled into Trump campaign entities
for the first time tell me more
but to my to my mind most intriguingly I
think for the first time this new case
that we just learned of today
this shows the special counsels office
getting close to the Donald Trump
campaign data operation Cambridge
analytic ah and in the case of Sam
Patton apparently specifically the
unexplained links between that data
operation and Russia and that of course
is the bottom line of all bottom lines
so hold on I got more coming up hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
