I gave an interview yesterday to
Bloomberg business and I said off the
record and I made a statement about
Canada which is fine because I love
Canada but they've taken advantage of
our country for many years they say Oh
Canada we love Canada I do too
I even love their national anthem it's
called very appropriately Oh Canada
that was President Donald Trump this
afternoon complaining that disparaging
off-the-record comments that he made
about the nation of Canada were reported
this morning contrary to what the
president said Bloomberg did not violate
its off-the-record agreement about those
comments instead another outlet the
Toronto Star obtained the president's
comments independently and were not
bound by the same off-the-record
agreement the result of all of this is
that those disparaging comments are now
part of the public record and because of
that we know that despite the
president's claim that he loves Canada
and its national anthem Trump was
prepared to concede absolutely nothing
to Canada during the ongoing NAFTA
negotiations the president told
Bloomberg that if Canada knew what his
position was it would be quote so
insulting they're not going to be able
to make a deal
well those comments appear to have
sullied the president's effort to
renegotiate NAFTA according to the
Toronto Star Canadian officials
confronted Trump's negotiators with
those comments at a meeting today and
then talks broke down now Canada in the
US have officially missed the
president's self-imposed deadline to
strike a deal that would bring Canada
into the preliminary agreement the Trump
made with Mexico negotiations between
the two countries will continue into
next week for more on what this means
for both the United States and Canada I
turn to the reporter who broke this
story a fellow Torontonian Daniel Dale
the Washington bureau chief at the
Toronto Star Daniel this is a remarkable
story there was nobody who really
thought the negotiations between the
United States and Canada were going
particularly well but it's a real turn
from the relationship that Canada and
the United States have had over the long
term and what it looked like might be
working out between Donald Trump and and
Justin Trudeau at the beginning of his
administration yeah they started off on
very warm terms for whatever reason
president seemed to like the liberal
very different multilateral less
charismatic you know inclusive Prime
Minister they're different from him but
but things soured and they seem to sour
in the wake of Trump's decision to
impose steel tariffs Trudeau criticized
him Trump didn't like that took strong
exception and has seemed to go out of
his way and every available opportunity
whether it's a rally or another event to
belittle him as Justin never using his
last name and taking potshots at
Canadian at Canada's dairy policy which
which is very criticize about you know
there are issues there but Trump has
made this a personal hobby horse
seemingly out of the blue Daniel I want
you to put this into context for us I
want to put up a poll from the Chicago
Council on global affairs was taken in
late July once we were well into this
trade war with the world if the question
was is NAFTA good or bad for the economy
it was a question of Americans overall
63% say good 32% say bad Republicans a
smaller percentage say good than bad
Democrats a larger percentage say good
than bad and with independents that
breaks 2/3 in favor of NAFTA even in
Canada not everybody likes NAFTA not
everybody thought it was a great deal
but in the end it is kind of imperative
for these two countries which now have
the second largest trade relationship
after China and America it is imperative
for these two countries to figure
something out is it going to happen I
can't say Ollie I mean we don't know for
sure I think you know Canada's ideal
outcome might be just dragging this on
as long as possible and then having
Trump not terminate the existing NAFTA
just keeping the status quo is I think
privately what Canada what Kenny would
want but their risk there and not making
a deal is that the longer you don't make
a deal
the longer you risk this president who
we know is you know impulsive erratic
acts on impulse terminating it you know
following through on his threats which
is delivered since 2015 and saying you
know to heck with all this we're not
doing a free trade agreement at all and
and that I think would be a very
damaging outcome for the candidates not
just that the president has said we'll
just slap tariffs on Canadian car cars
made in Canada coming into the United
States again there's a lot of context
there because the Canada in the United
States have been exchanging cars and car
parts for 70 years now
sixty years something like that starting
with the auto pact and then into the
free-trade agreement so serious threaded
it may not be economically viable for
the United States but it's serious it's
a very serious threat you know we have
this big uproar over the steel and
aluminum tariffs automotive tariffs
would dwarf the economic impact of that
might not cripple the Canadian economy
but it's you know it's it's many times
the size and it would damage you know
states and provinces on both sides of
the border and Trump seems to be
inclined to impose tariffs he seems to
enjoy his ability to impose tariffs you
know at at his at his will and and he's
not letting up on this threat so Canada
in addition to wanting to safeguard this
this trade deal overall it really really
wants to avoid automotive tariffs Daniel
good strong reporting thank you for
joining us tonight Daniel Dale with the
Toronto Star thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
