for Republicans it is a red-alert Donald
Trump's disapproval rating hitting an
all-time high now at 60% with an
approval rating matching his low of 36%
it comes just two months before the
midterms and Republicans are now
reportedly bracing for a blue wave in
October excuse me in November quote
preparing for pain they're also warning
the Trump White House is wholly
unprepared for a democratic takeover the
house with a thin legal team after a
brain drain from firings and departures
and that relates to the other bad
polling news for president Trump
forty-nine percent saying Congress
should begin impeachment proceedings
that could lead the Trump being removed
from office in the face of all of this
the Trump campaign seems to be to
motivate the base today is democrat
party is held hostage by left-wing
haters angry mobs deep state radicals
establishment cronies and their fake
news allies we as a country cannot
tolerate political censorship
blacklisting and rigged search results
an hour FBI have to start doing their
job what's happening is a disgrace
really they're the elite I'm president
and they're not all right joining me now
former Vermont governor and DNC chair
Howard Dean and back with us once again
bill kristol great to have you both with
us Howard let me begin with you if I may
I know you've seen a lot of campaigns in
your lifetime
your thoughts heading into the midterms
with Trump's i disapproval so high how
or what are you reading right now in
terms of the tea leaves I think the key
is the Senate the only people who can
get rid of Donald Trump are the
Republicans even if they're in a
minority in the House and the Senate
we still have to have 2/3 of votes and
we're not going to get 2/3 of the Senate
no matter what happens in the election
in the fall so the Republicans have to
panic
as the Republicans did during Watergate
the leadership has to realize that Trump
is gonna wreck the whole party which he
is in the middle of doing and they've
got to cut the legs out from under them
and that's probably not going to happen
unless these lose the house and the
Senate and I think there's a reasonable
possibility that they will lose the
house and the Senate so do you think
Howard it's a smart move on Democrats
part to run on impeachment no I I'm I'm
with let's be judicious about this and
follow the facts mower has the facts and
those facts are going to come out one
way or the other whether he gets fired
or not and then we'll have a I don't
really believe that impeachment should
be political it is always political but
I don't believe it should be it's a
process and I think we ought to respect
the process I think there is evidence
and somebody knows what it is and I
think Trump is unfit to serve but I
think that has to be proved if he's
gonna be removed from office so what
should be the the message from Democrats
to get the vote out all right Donald
Trump will supply the message to get the
vote out I think Democrats oughta stay
positive
nobody needs to criticize Donald Trump
Donald Trump has done a great job every
day of reminding somebody everybody in
the country that he's completely unfit
to serve what we need to do is have a
strong platform and I like very much
where we are we're having individuals
write their own platforms for their
districts and we're going to elect
individuals are gonna represent their
districts whether they're moderate
districts or whether they're liberal
districts that's the way we can get the
party back in power bill how are
Republicans reacting to the latest
polling should they be at all concerned
by what they're seeing and what may come
in November well they're obviously
concerned but they're not panicking yet
I might wish they would and December
themselves from trumpet that's not
happening yet and I think here's what
the Trump White House is thinking we get
Cavanaugh hearings and then probably
most likely Kevin or confirmation in
September the country's kind of evenly
split on that but certainly for
Republicans this is one of the reasons
they stuck with Trump including people
who don't like Trump very much they
maybe get a little fight on the
government shutdown and September 30th
when they after we authorized you know
well the government well the federal
fiscal year ends maybe there's a little
fight on the border wall or some issues
that help Trump a little bit he
demagogues on the NFL and all those
things he likes to do
and and this is the absolute key for
Trump he holds the Senate they really
are desperate to hold the Senate because
then the Democrats were in the house
most likely but if Republicans hold the
Senate can see we pick up a cedar to
lose a couple of governorships but it's
sort of a mixed message you can't really
say gee this was a resounding defeat for
Trump after all you know in 2006 but
Bush lost both houses of Congress in
2014 Obama lost first the house in 2010
then the Senate in 2014 so why where's
Trump going for these rallies two seats
where he could read state seats as seats
read states with Democratic senators who
could be vulnerable if it becomes a
referendum on Trump Trump's States Trump
won big in 2016 I don't know if it's
gonna work I think the voters might
decide they want more of a check on
Trump they certainly will in the house I
was certainly they likely well in the
house they may in the Senate but Trump
and then Trump I don't know if he
survives the election if he does pretty
well in the Senate I think he then moves
against sessions maybe against Russ and
Stein and Muller pardons who knows what
happens then we're at a whole different
world of real craziness in November
December January but III think it's a
likely to be a bad election for
Republicans but I I think there's a lot
of work to be done still and I think
some of these Senate races are key if
they don't work were to win a Texas or
something like that that would be
dramatic and that would help Democrats a
lot
the governor Dean excuse me do you think
this White House is wholly unprepared to
confront possible Democratic take over
the house and in the subpoena power that
the house will have and the
investigations that would be launched if
in fact the Democrats do take control
the house I think they're pretty much
wholly unprepared to do anything you
know Trump is the guy who just thinks in
the moment he has no plan I actually
thought the other day when he was making
all this really crazy tweets that he
might be going getting psychotic so I
don't think there's any long-term
planning I think the staff probably
tries to engage in long-term planning
but then you've got sort of these
neo-nazi types like Stephen Miller
running around he has an agenda that is
not the agenda of America but it sucks
it sucks Trump in every time so there's
an incredibly short-sighted group of
people in the ones who are long do have
a long term vision can't get anything
done because Trump is unmanageable but
think about but think about this I mean
look I think when the strongest argument
for Democrats winning the house I think
is that they could investigate oversee
have a subpoena power on the other hand
is the white asking to pay going to obey
Democratic House subpoenas
I mean well let's not assume that this
white house is going to play by the
rules that the Obama Bush White House is
played by this is where I think we could
end up with a constitutional crisis
pretty soon in the new year right hey
I'm alright Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
