welcome back tonight and meet the
midterms there are there may be one more
major primary upset this season and if
it happens it's going to be Thursday in
Delaware Delaware not kidding incumbent
Democratic Senator Tom Carper is being
challenged from the left by a woman
named Kerry Harris she's an Air Force
veteran and a community activist Harris
is hitting Carper on his Senate record
that includes his votes for the Keystone
pipeline confirming Rick Perry as energy
secretary she's also running on a
platform of $15 minimum wage Medicare
for all and eliminating student debt
have you heard this story before
anyway Harris is on the trail today with
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez who of course
pulled off the big establishment upset
of her own earlier this year
now look Carper still the big favorite
this guy was governor he's held every
office in the free County state but he
is feeling the heat he rolled out a robo
call from Delaware superstar Joe Biden
earlier this month first time by never
got involved in a primary good news for
Harris is that voter turnout will be low
in tiny Delaware it's Thursday that
they're having this not a Tuesday and
there is a history of party insurgents
scoring big primary upsets in this state
who could forget Tea Party favorite
Christine O'Donnell shocking upset of
Congressman Mike Castle back in 2010 it
was a big Republican wave year and the
Republican base was ready to oust
moderates as well as Democrats now it
may only be a chance to keep an eye on
Delaware Thursday night hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you
on YouTube subscribe now
