ashlee in your piece you talk about the
president's new or recharged war on the
media why do you think these these
attacks are happening in such full force
right now what are they really about
well part of it is the president's
agitation at all of the incoming
assaults he feels he's facing and in
challenges which are very real but if
you look at all of his targets they're
they're disparate but they feel familiar
the media his Justice Department big
tech the Democrats we wrote about this
one unifying theme and that idea is no
one can be trusted these my opponents
are peddling fake facts and the only
reliable narrator and arbiter of the
truth is me president Donald Trump Wow
well you note that many of his claims
not just last night it is rally but
across Twitter over the last few days
they have no evidence they're straight
up lies does that matter at this point
with his supporters that's a great
question among his supporters so far
that does not seem to matter a
tremendous amount they're willing to
accept or they're largely willing to
accept what he says as truth and and
part of this in talking to some experts
is the president is sort of floating out
trial balloons and then setting the
stage so to get someone to believe
something that's not true you you can't
just announce something you sort of have
to lead them there you start going after
Google you start going after big tech so
if and when the President does actually
roll out an initiative at least his base
and his supporters have been primed
little by little to believe that I will
say there's a countervailing opinion
that this could backfire in that while
his base likes this sort of people who
are more rooted and in a reality based
community for lack of a better word it
increasingly makes him seem unhinged and
can backfire on him all right I want to
bring my panel in to weigh in on all of
this Chris Wilson is CEO of WPA
intelligence and a GOP pollster my
friend Midwood charles an attorney for
the law firm Midwood charles and
associates and lyft flank is here the
executive producer of divided states of
women welcome to all right
last night the president really held
nothing back he was Donald Trump true
rally style what was your reaction to
what we heard because I made the point
earlier all he needed to do is get on
the stage and say Brett Kavanaugh kicks
off Tuesday
well you ride that and talking about the
economy talking about the trade deals we
has had success so I think but I don't
think that Ashley and Hans are wrong I
mean there is a lot of kind of focus
grouping comments is going in and seeing
what the crowd reacts to and the one
thing I want to point out about these
rallies is I've now observed in Senate
races where I'm involved in where he
goes into North Dakota or he goes into
Montana or he goes into Missouri and now
he goes into Indiana and he leaves and
these races change almost overnight and
you go from a situation where it's
either a dead heat or Republicans are
down whereas now you have Montana where
Matt Rosendale is actually up over Jay
Allen for Jon Tester after Trump leads
the state so he has a remarkable ability
of something that's something I have not
seen I didn't see another President Bush
President Obama President Clinton to go
in and change an election almost
overnight by having a rally like this
you can't discount that and why is it
that it works simply his magnetism
because if you look at what he delivers
right if you talk about the economy real
worker pay went down in 2017 when
executive pay went up 17 percent well it
look there are a lot of numbers we can
throw out about the economy the bottom
line is right now people feel good about
the economy there are more jobs
available than there are people who are
seeking jobs you have unemployment
amongst african-americans among
Hispanics amongst everyone overall at
its lowest figure in years and so all of
that leads to a situation where and
there's an aspect about the tariffs and
the ability for them to go in and
announce what's going on with basically
double declare victory on the trade war
with Mexico hold on a second what he
announced earlier this week was a
partial announcement again the president
is an extraordinary salesman but whether
or not whether we know we're going to
see real improvement here we don't know
the answer to that we know he's good at
selling it you're right we don't and we
office but we do know the stock market
has been on an extended rallies monami
are two very different matter getting
out and spending money Stephanie the
Americans people right now are spending
money they're getting out of there
they're going to the mall they're making
purchases and all in all it has I mean
people just feel good about what's going
on I think that's why as I pointed out
again the face of the de Senate is going
to be changed come 20
because this ability go in and rally the
base and 2018 whatever you want to say
about it is going to be a base election
your comments earlier in the comments
about panelists so far have been well
what who does this have an impact with
and if it impacts that 2016 Trump voter
the person the voter who gave him
Montana and Missouri and West Virginia
by Ward wide margins and they vote in
the Senate races you're gonna have a
Republican Senate with 55 56 members and
they're going to give have to give him
credit for that because he is the one
who is having the impact of turning
these voters out you're right people are
spending more money because inflation is
growing at a higher pace than wages are
made when President also couldn't help
but go after Jeff session saying in an
interview that sessions is safe at least
until the midterms what exactly does
that mean
well I think what it means is he's
obviously thinking about getting rid of
obsessions but again I think we all need
to step back from that and recognize and
acknowledge the fact that this is not
normal the President of the United
States should not be interfering and
obviously this is a result of the Russia
investigation he doesn't like the Russia
investigation we all know that right we
all know that this isn't new and the
idea that he would constantly try to
criticize sessions for refusing himself
criticized sessions for not perhaps
acting forcibly against the FBI is
indicative of the fact that he is
interfering in this investigation and so
the idea that he would even talk about
getting rid of sessions in this sort of
reality show style which we have seen
from this president from day one is am I
going to do it am I not going to do it
stay tuned to the next episode
that's exactly how he's been running
this presidency and it's a shame Liz
President Obama was skilled at getting
elected president obama was not skilled
at getting other democrats elected to
Chris's point Trump goes to these states
does his thing and it definitely helps
these candidates in a new ABC poll out
this morning his disapproval rating has
hit 60% and his approval rating among
Republicans has dipped to 78% now 70% is
still a really big number but it's lower
than it's been is there a point when
this starts to be a concern for
Republicans right and to even to Donald
Trump I mean popularity is definitely
one of his top priorities and and we
sort of sense in what he was saying last
night especially that he's being more
and more concerned with Democrats and
their popularity because in a lot of
ways Democrats have been running smart
populist campaigns and have been winning
them and he ran a very weak populist
campaign because now it's starting to
show that he doesn't have anything to
back those promises up but he he he won
he did win but he didn't talk about the
tax bill that he passed that gave 1.5
trillion dollars to corporate elites and
to the 1% he even talked about the fact
that he is now giving a pay cut
basically to federal workers because
he's not giving them an increase that
goes with inflation and so that money
that he's giving to the corporate elites
he's not talking about it but it's going
to be coming from somewhere and it's
going to be coming from the pockets of
the American people a lot of them who
supported him in the election you know
in 2016 but who might not do it in 2020
and might not do it with candidates in
the midterm either we're gonna talk
about that Chris what do you think of
that the president canceling pay raises
for federal workers those are the
American people what's your take on that
I think most Americans do not work in
jobs where they have automatic pay
raises that are in that are indexed for
inflation and I think most Americans if
they took a look at the federal
government would be surprised at how
much money is wasted and so I don't
think there is a look I'm looking
federal government workers are just like
living the high life do I think they're
living the high life there's a very
different question from where that I
think there are automatic raises that
should be required at certain time
points in time and I'm not today I don't
want to call any specific Department out
but I do think there are there is a lot
most Americans believe there areas of
government that are subject to cut most
Americans do not believe that there
believe there are too many too much
bureaucracy most Americans believe but
they're probably too many workers at the
IRS and so you can take specific
examples of this and point out that well
you know what maybe we should all that
races should not just be in flat indexed
and maybe raises should be earned okay
well Ashley do you think they'll be
pushed back because federal worker pay
and benefits they've been cut by more
than two hundred billion bucks since
2011 that's just sort of in the way
we've been headed are you going to see
anyone fight the President on this I
think you'll see pushback I think Chris
is right that out in the country there
is a sense that the federal bureaucracy
is bloated but especially from members
of Congress
who represent these federal workers and
from the government workers themselves
there is an argument we've already seen
them start to make that this is the
president sort of showing contempt for
government workers for members of his
own bureaucracy and that it is Petty and
vindictive in their view and this is not
a traditional Republican who you know is
running on a general platform of fiscal
responsibility there are a number of tax
breaks he's given and grown the federal
deficit that way and so this seems like
a particularly putative example hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
