within the Republican Party the highest
poll numbers I think it's not well they
have 90 they have 92 and they have 93
percent the highest poll numbers ever
ever I actually asked them I said did
they do polling when Honest Abe Lincoln
was around you know what nobody's been
able to give me that answer but I'm
assuming they did okay
so we could say we're beating Honest Abe
I'm assuming they did so we can say who
speed on this day President Trump
tonight touting hypothetical poll
numbers to his cheering supporters in
Indiana Trump steered clear of the
mounting reports that his West Wing is
in chaos just this past week saw renewed
questions about Jeff Sessions future and
the impending departure of that man on
the right side of your screen the top
White House attorney during that morning
tweet storm today the president declared
that the fake news media has it
purposely so wrong
he writes they love to portray chaos in
the White House when they don't when
they know that chaos doesn't exist just
a smooth-running machine with changing
parts but tonight The Associated Press
is out with new reporting that says with
vacancies abounding in the White House
and more departures on the horizon there
is growing concern among Trump allies
that the brain drain at the center of
the administration could hardly come in
a more perilous time the report cites
nine current and former White House
staffers and administration allies who
are expressing concerns that the West
Wing is simply unprepared for the
potential troubles ahead joining us now
Jackie Calmes White House editor for the
LA Times DC bureau and Erin Blake senior
political reporter at The Washington
Post thank you to both of you for being
here tonight Jackie let's begin with you
it's hard for some people to believe
that the White House is unprepared it's
been no surprise the things that are on
the horizon and the likelihood of the
Democrats taking the house in November
only exaggerated soar amplifies the
chances of investigations and subpoenas
why are they unprepared well they're
constantly reacting as
we are in our own way to the things that
the president does that they weren't
expecting like announcing this week that
don McGann is going to be leaving soon I
mean that's something that's expected
privately that will happen eventually
but you didn't expect the president to
be announcing it unbeknownst to them or
Don McGann
but it's just you know there they don't
have the bandwidth they've lost a lot of
people that haven't been filled Don
McGann for instance his three of his top
five debt hist five deputies are leaving
in a and a fourth is has gone and it's
you know you can't do the work without
people there just people that would
never were in place and now people are
leaving and it's just they don't have
they don't think ahead like most white
houses I'm used to dealing with have
done
that's strange Aaron they're down as as
Jackie says to one deputy probably about
twenty four lawyers I think is the
number usually they need 34 to 40 to
operate during Bill Clinton's time when
when he was facing his impeachment they
I think they had up to 60 last night I
asked Richard painter what's the issue
when it comes to lawyers and listening
to their advice in the White House this
is what he told me the bottom line is
Donald Trump doesn't want to listen to
good lawyers good lawyers don't want to
do work for him he ends up with people
like Michael Colin it's been a disaster
I would never want to be Donald Trump's
lawyer I don't want to end up going to
jail
there is something do that Aaron that
becoming a White House lawyer in most
administration's working for the White
House is generally good for your resume
in this one it may not be good for your
resume or your career if you're a lawyer
yeah it's really pretty remarkable the
state of the president's legal team of
course they've actually been able to
fill it out over the last several months
here Rudy Giuliani of course came on
board they eventually got Emmett flood
but I think that the the status of the
White House counsel's office is really
telling here this is the president who
is headed towards what many people in
his administration believed could be
impeachment if the Democrats take the
house
president who is talking about this
possibility himself whether he believes
it's going to happen or not this would
be the one area of the White House you
would expect them to be on top of but I
think Jackie's right this is very
reactive and I think Richard painter is
right as well it's just a very difficult
White House to hire for there was a
really telling quote by the way in a
Washington Post story last night where
the president according to one source
was talking about how you know Jared
Kushner has a good lawyer why can't I
have that lawyer Don McGann has a good
lawyer why can't I have his lawyer well
you should be able to get those lawyers
if you want them you're the president
this is a very high-profile case but
he's proven to be a very difficult
client and it's a very difficult set of
circumstances that a lot of lawyers I
think don't want any part of it hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
