and we are following breaking news
tonight in a brand new interview with
Bloomberg News President Trump says he
views the Moller probe as quote an
illegal investigation and he refuses to
say whether he would comply with a
subpoena from Robert Muller's team
president also declining to say whether
he will keep his attorney general Jeff
Sessions in place beyond the November
election simply saying I just would love
to have him do a great job the interview
comes against a rocky legal and
political backdrop for Trump world from
the michael cohen plea to paul manna for
its conviction to the prospect of
republicans potentially losing the house
a couple of months from now Trump
reacting with another flurry of tweets
more than a dozen of them this time
attacking the Russia investigation the
news media in the Department of Justice
meanwhile The Washington Post reports
that the Trump White House has quote
neither the staff nor the strategy to
handle the potential consequences of a
democratic takeover of the house which
would likely set off a wave of
congressional investigations and even
potentially an impeachment inquiry quote
Trump has not directed his lawyers or
his political aides to prepare an action
plan leaving allies to fret that the
president does not appreciate the
magnitude of what could be in store next
year when Trump ally telling the post
winter is coming
but it's like tumbleweeds rolling down
the halls there nobody's prepared for
war president also reportedly still
trying to find a way to oust his
Attorney General Jeff Sessions Politico
reports that Trump is mounting quote a
furious lobbying campaign against
sessions which has also worn down his
lawyers Politico also notes that while
Trump has been warned that firing
sessions with the Moller probe still
active might open the door to an
obstruction charge quote Trump's legal
team has become increasingly convinced
Muller will make that case regardless of
whether the president fire sessions or
leaves him in place in other words
according to Politico report Trump's own
lawyers think an obstruction case is
imminent joining me now is Philip Rucker
Whitehouse bureau chief at the
Washington Post Donna Edwards a former
Democratic congresswoman from Maryland
Michael Steele former chairman of the
RNC and Benjamin witnessess senior
fellow at Brookings in the
editor-in-chief of lawfare blog
bandwidth let me
start with you on where we ended there
that reporting from Politico suggests
Trump's legal team thinks an obstruction
case from the Special Counsel Robert
Muller is imminent regardless of
anything to do with this sessions issue
what do you make of that well so I I
think the president's legal team as a
criminal matter
I'm sure how would argue that the
president didn't obstruct justice and
would make a defense on against that as
a political matter in the face of a
possible impeachment allegation that the
president behaved in a way that you know
impeded the due administration of
justice I think the answer is duh
right I mean they you know they're just
facing a certain reality there that when
Muller decides to drop and line up all
the facts that he is a mass that is
going to be a devastating day for the
president
I'm just take us through quickly and
this is a mechanical question but I
think it's an important one the only
modern precedent last alia since
Watergate here was Clinton in in 98 with
impeachment and what you had there was
the Independent Counsel slightly
different than the Special Counsel
reported back to Congress Congress then
said okay here's the report we're gonna
release it we're gonna vote to release
it publicly the arrangements different
now so molar reports to the DOJ is
correct does the American people get
access to whatever he finds in full
detail so we don't know we don't know
what form his report if in fact he is
writing a report which is the the
assumption that the president's lawyers
have been talking about but is not
something we know from Muller himself or
his team if in fact he's working on an
obstruction report we don't know what
form that will take we also don't know
will he do what Leon Jaworski did during
Watergate which is a referral to
Congress or will he just write the final
report of the type contemplated in the
regulation that you're describing which
as you say would go to the Deputy
Attorney General so I don't think we
know whether it's going to be what what
form it will take
or under what circumstances the public
will get to see it in Phillip Rucker
your reporting was so interesting
because it's Trump's folks looking ahead
to the potential after November of
Democrats getting control of Congress
you get that power that means you have
the power of oversight it also means hey
majority rules in the house if a
majority if all Democrats then say they
want to impeach they can impeach we saw
Republicans to do that to Clinton is
this a White House now that's thinking
in those terms in terms of impeachment
they're not prepared for that at all
there's a lot of fear within Trump's
orbit and including people at the White
House and on the legal team that Trump
is simply not appreciating the magnitude
of what could be in store for him if and
when Democrats take over the House of
Representatives it'll be a series of
investigations of subpoenas of hearings
of document requests and it could
include impeachment proceedings and he
doesn't have a personal legal team ready
to do to deal with an impeachment
proceeding but he also doesn't have the
infrastructure inside the White House at
the counsel's office and in the
communication staff to deal with the
sort of hour by hour day by day demands
from Congress yeah I mean Donna Edwards
I'm curious just take us inside the the
thinking of Democrats out there
potentially if they get control of the
house I know Democratic leaders have
been very hesitant to talk about
impeachment but you've got you know
Trump's own lawyer Rudy Giuliani out
there he says hey impeachment the thing
I'm guarding against here it's the main
thing that he says he still sees out
there
what is the appetite for Democrats if
they get control to move forward with
something along those lines well I think
part of the reason that Giuliani and the
president's team are talking about
impeachment is because they believe that
that is something to generate more
excitement among their base about the
upcoming elections but I think for
Democrats Democrats have been really
careful about waiting to say let's get a
report first before we decide how it is
that we're going to move forward clearly
the Democratic base is ready to move
tomorrow or yesterday but I think the
leadership very rightly is waiting to
get a report because they know that that
is the kind of report that is going to
be out for broader public consumption so
that they have a basis to move basis to
move forward and I think that it's going
to be really important
whether it's required or not that report
at some level is going to have to be
made public because we can't just have
the continued speculation through the
rest of the president's term while the
president has wanted to fire Jeff
sessions since he recused himself from
the Russia probe way back Politico notes
that he's also been quote griping to
aides and lawmakers that the Attorney
General doesn't have the Ivy League
pedigree the president prefers that he
can't stand his southern accent it
sessions isn't a capable defender of the
President on television in part because
he talks like he has marbles in his
mouth the president's whole day so his
scathing review by the president there
according to Politico but Michael Steele
on that issue of Jeff Sessions and his
status it sounds like in this interview
tonight with Bloomberg the president's
talking about ok session stays through
the midterm elections sounds like that
from what I can understand Republican
senators like Lindsey Graham have been
telling him that's what we need from you
wait till the midterms but after that
does it sound like sessions out are
there gonna be Republicans there his old
friends in the Senate who say even then
Trump's being rash from doing that well
Steve you you raised an interesting
point from from the folks that I've
talked to the the background story on
this is they finally got the president
to agree to the space that they're all
in and that is do nothing before
election and get everything done between
the election and the new sitting of
Congress in in January whether
Republicans have control of that
Congress the house specifically or not
and that is they'll use that interregnum
if you will to to do the types of things
that Donald Trump wants to do like fire
sessions they think the political
ramifications from that won't be as
powerful because of the excitement
around the election if there's a
changeover in the house a lot of other
things that are going on so what is a
becomes a distraction within a
distraction and they've telegraphed that
beforehand so there's no need for people
to get all worked up and excited about
it and that was the hardest thing was to
get the President to that point where he
wouldn't pull the trigger this week or
last week like you wanted to but wait
instead until after the election Mike
I'm also curious about this in terms of
the election the message from Democrats
and you're seeing it in terms of what
Phillip has in his report
they're Republicans and folks around
Trump anticipating Democrats really
aggressively using that oversight power
if they get control of the house that's
one of the messages from Democrats to
voters I think which is hey let's have a
check on this president let's have some
folks there to make sure you know all
the teaser across the I's are dotted or
or beyond that potentially but what is
the Republican counter to that that you
know it seems there's a history of the
American people liking oversight in
these midterm elections it's a very
difficult argument to make our counter
argument rather to make you know
according to Phil's reporting and
largely because Republicans sat around
and did nothing
if they'd actually showed a modicum of
interest in any form of investigation
then they could have had a narrative
established to counteract that that
comment or that argument from from
Democrats but instead you had Devin
Nunez who is projected as someone out
there who's colluding to use that term
with the White House to obstruct to use
another term house investigations from
thoroughly investigating what's going on
the Senate is anyone in this town knows
was the more adult of the two chambers
in in sort of going forward with that
but the damage had been done in the
house and the damage had been done
specifically by certain members in the
house who did not take seriously at
least in terms of how the public looked
at it Steve the the the investigative
opportunity to set the course a little
bit differently from where we have it
now well in those tweets we were talking
about earlier among them the president
today denying several recent reports
including indicating that the White
House Counsel Don Magan may play a key
role in any potential obstruction case
quote I like Don but he was not
responsible for me not firing Bob Muller
or Jeff Sessions so much fake reporting
and fake news and another of trumps
denials the president appeared to say
that he decided that McGann would go
suggesting the White House Counsel did
not resign but was fired quote the
rigged Russia witch-hunt did not come
into play even a little bit with respect
to my decision on Don McGann however the
White House today told NBC News that the
president was referring to the decision
to accept McGann's resignation not a
decision to fire him
been these
word games here about what exactly
transpired with McGann whether this is a
resignation a forced resignation and
accepted resignation of firing is there
any significance there in terms of
Muller watching this play out is there
any significance to him what the exact
sequence of events was there so I'm not
sure I mean III do think McGann may be
the first person to have a resignation
accepted by the president that he
learned he had given when the president
tweeted about it you know like whether
the president fired McGann or whether
McGann was planning to leave and the
president just kind of you know gave him
a shove on Twitter it's really hard to
know I will say this when the president
tweets that McGann had nothing to do
with his did you know did not stop him
from firing sessions or Muller there is
one person who knows whether that's true
or not or whether it's as the president
says fake news and fake reporting and
that's Bob Muller because he spent 30
hours with Don McGann and you know so
the president if he's not telling the
truth about that there's one very
important person that he will not be
fooling and you know he can kind of get
himself through news cycles by making up
facts that are convenient for him at the
moment but that's a very short-term
strategy when you're dealing with a
highly professional
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
