the Trump administration's crackdown
along the Mexican border isn't just
limited to people trying to come here
illegally now a growing number of
Hispanic Americans are being denied
passports because the government is
questioning their citizenship the
Washington Post reports that the Trump
administration is accusing hundreds and
possibly thousands of people of using
fraudulent birth certificates since they
were babies
now the government alleges that some
midwives and physicians along the border
gave us birth certificates to people who
were actually born in Mexico decades ago
in a statement to the Washington Post
the State Department said it quote has
not changed policy or practice regarding
the adjudication of passport
applications and that the us-mexico
border region happens to be an area of
the country where there has been a
significant incidence of citizenship
fraud it's true that this happened under
george w bush and the Obama
administration's - that mostly ended
after a government settlement in 2009
this new spike comes as taking away
people's citizenship is on the rise
under President Trump now to try to
understand this piece in this issue a
little better I'm joined now by NBC News
national security and justice reporter
Julia Ainsley and attorney Jaime Diaz
who represents some of the US citizens
who have seen either been denied
passports or had them taken away welcome
to both of you Julianne let me start
with you how when did this begin how
pervasive do we think it is and is this
connected to the sort of prediction if
you will that that this was the next
thing Stephen Miller who's sort of the
chief adviser on all immigration issues
in the west wing this is the next thing
step you wanted to take context here is
critical you're exactly right
we know that Stephen Miller the next
step you wants to do is to go after
legal immigration what we're seeing here
is part of this new fraud crackdown from
DHS and throughout the Trump
administration like the State Department
they're trying to go after people who
maybe lied on their applications that
became citizens or became permanent
residents and got green cards who who
shouldn't have and so they want to go
back and read it and take that away but
of course what happens and what the
Washington Post laid out in this story
is that a lot of people who were
rightfully in the United States end up
getting their rights taken away - and as
they found under the Obama
administration it's very difficult to
decide
which one's of those birth certificate
signed by those midwives in the 90s were
legitimate and which ones weren't and so
they had really just decided it was a
fruitless cause and that they should
just allow them take them as legitimate
but this is part of a broader crackdown
and from people I've spoken to who
represent a lot of immigrants who are
trying to move up the ladder and get
passports get citizenship so get green
cards they say before you take that next
step you need to go through your record
and make sure everything is crystal
clear or it could just not even be worth
it it's too much of a risk because of
the scrutiny they're doing going back
and looking at everything in every
application you've put in earlier even
if they were legitimate check all right
let me go to Jaime Diaz how many we I
did I wanted Julia to begin there to
help me continue to sort of lay out the
context for all this now walk me through
what you're dealing with how many
clients do you have that have been
impacted there this how many of them are
natural born citizens versus those who
went through the green card process and
became naturalized citizens you know Bob
born here versus naturalized all of
those things curious what kind of folks
are being targeted here know here we're
talking only about people that were born
in the United States okay how many
claims you have on this front i rep i
have represented over five hundred
people i presently have probably 30
people that are in lawsuits in federal
court and i have represented over a
hundred of them in lhasa to federal
court where they have been taking away
their documents they have been putting
rooms to admit that they were not born
in the United States their mothers have
been asked to come to see that what is
to the consulate to admit that they were
not born there and the documents were
taken and what we see now is that
they're detaining them and when they
come back without allowing it to come
back and keep them in Mexico there's
many clients of mine that I have that
were born in the United States that the
government has stopped him and have kept
them in Mexico and and the crackdown is
starting to be very hard and and they
are doing everyday I see someone in my
office I practice in Brownsville Texas
which is in the border with with Mexico
and people that were born with me was
down there there is a lot of them but I
can tell you something that they were
most of them were born in the United
States we even have a soldier that was
born with a midwife when he applied to
become a soldier they took him in he
applied for a passport and I say shows
that your United States citizen this is
ridiculous well there was one example in
The Washington Post mr. Diaz and I'm
just curious if you've had to deal with
something like this where it was a
former soldier and they only he only
wanted to give his first name because he
was afraid he'd be targeted and he said
that the State Department told him that
they weren't convinced he was a US
citizen that they needed a bunch of the
following documents either his mother's
evidence of his mother's prenatal care
his baptismal certificate maybe rental
agreements when he was a baby this is a
grown man I'm sorry I don't think my
mother has the power bill from when I
was born in 1972 is this the burden of
proof that's being put on on your
clients yes and yes and that is what is
going on with they're asking for things
that no one has no one in the whole
United States has prenatal records from
her mother the person who is four years
old there's no way they have them so
they're asking for things that they know
they don't have them people get
frustrated but if you live in the border
there is a need for you to cross to the
other side you have family you have
things to than the other side and when
they're coming back that's when they are
detaining them they're putting me
preceding them or they're making them
sign documents so they can get away from
it I what it is happening so rages and
they really you know opportunity like
this to tell the American people what is
going on is incredible because we're not
talking about people that naturalize
we're talking people that were born in
the United States they just happened to
be have a Hispanic last name and they
were born with me twice but that's still
Americans mr. Diaz have you had any
client who didn't have an Hispanic last
name who had their passport taken away
no that I can remember all right now on
top of my head you know most of them
have been taken away no I have people
that I represented that have having
difficulty getting a pastor because they
were born in southern Texas with a
midwife but someone that has a passport
taking away a revoked when they were
coming back or through a letter in the
mail no I have never heard so it does
feel as if it's Hispanic surnames they
get targeted here Julia walk me through
the due process in this obviously you
know what are the court procedures here
you're accused of this you're trying to
fight back a you know
where does it go in the system it's
really hard to fight that check I mean
we would have to get a lawyer I know a
lot of people who stay outside of places
where immigrants are trying to appeal
and they know that they were eventually
come across the street and find lawyers
because it's nearly impossible to
navigate this system on your own as how
many just print it out they're asking
for these documents a lot of people
don't have and as an American citizen
yes you have the right to get - to have
citizenship but that passport the
documents that you have to have a
passport it's not a right to have a
passport if you don't have the documents
to back it up and when they're raising
this bar there are actually very few
routes to go the way this was handled in
the past Chuck was to a class action
settlement and that's frequently the way
we see immigrants or even u.s. born
immigrants you the children of
immigrants seek their rights that
they're able to go through the ACLU they
have to come and a class-action suit
with lots of people and then they're
able to get justice and that's what
happened in 2009 when the ACLU said look
you can't tell which one's of these
midwife birth certificates are
legitimate and which ones aren't and we
think that it's a very small amount of
children they're actually born in Mexico
and so therefore you can't discriminate
based on them having this one type of
birth certificate so the answer is it's
really hard to get justice without a
class-action lawsuit in this case mr.
Diaz is there anything in those why is
the burden of proof not on the
government to prove you're not a US
citizen well the burden of proof is on
you to prove by a preponderance of the
evidence and this is a civil case the
government does not have any way to
prove that you earn that to prove beyond
a reasonable doubt that you fraudulently
obtained that document first of all
these are documents that were registered
when you were a baby and the only way
that they would prove it is if you knew
that that document was fraudulent when
you grow up so you know what they do is
they try to take you away from going to
court so that's what editing your ports
of entry and they keep you and say stay
in Mexico how do you come back if you
were stay in Mexico and you were thrown
into Mexican said you're not a Mexican
citizen what are you gonna do no it is
really I mean the stories unfortunately
I have the time tell you all the stories
that I have seen a people and you know
but I can tell you one thing we have
worn all those cases and what is said is
that after you we know those cases you
would think the government will
say you know what I need to change know
they go harder they figure that there
eventually there will be no attorney
that will represent these people but I'm
here to represent them let me ask you
this is there how many of your clients
if you felt like they've been detained
longer than they should be thrown in
jail and what would they thrown in jail
for if they were well they were thrown
in jail they don't you don't even jail
they get thrown to immigration detention
centers out a guy that was attained for
three days to the detention center when
American citizen and American citizen
considered yes sir
detain put into a detention center and
just because what they didn't he didn't
have a passport if they didn't believe
his passport no they had a passport they
just said we have a note here that we
need to revoke your passport so they put
him in a room and the CBP agent asking
do you want me to treat you like a
Mexican or as a US citizen and what I
would have told him through him like a
human being giving his rights he has a
right for you to hear what evidence do
you think you have but the way that they
are treating people is no right all
right join Ainslie Jaime Diaz I got to
leave it there I thank you both of
sharing your expertise and your
experiences there thank you hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
