all right let's start with the
president's accusation and then I want
to go to something that I think he's
touching on that actually is relevant
okay this conversation so obviously he's
going after Google and it's all part
this is you know Steve Bannon ranted
about this a long time ago by a bunch
last week and he's done it to Amazon
Amazon Washington Post that's right he
is part of it is he maybe he doesn't
understand the tech world no but I think
that's a big part of it but the other
part of it
it just feels ironic it's like is he
saying that you guys must stink because
I was able to manipulate your system and
look what I've did I mean I don't mean
to be that yeah is there any basis to
his attack no none whatsoever and I'm
not one to defend the tech industry you
know that I'm sort of I'm very
particular about certain things they've
done and I'm very interested ease
hearings next week where a lot of the
leaders are gonna come and some of the
problems they had with Cambridge
analytic and things like that but in
this case he's completely wrong he
doesn't know what he's talking about I
want to go to that State of the Union
attack because this is the problem
that's happening on social media the
irony is and it's basically Twitter has
allowed this to happen whether they like
it or their their platforms been used
for this which is and it's been
regularly done Matt Gaetz as a
congressman that has done this Kevin
McCarthy's a congressman has done this
where they retweet stuff that they say
this is how they're biased against
conservatives but it turns out to be
fake accusations like the fake
accusation might say immune all these
false accusations but it's but it gets
like 32,000 retweets a few thousand
likes so people still believe it well
you know I wrote a column The New York
Times saying this is codswallop I just
was I tried to find a word that you
could look up on Google very easily but
the fact the matter is conservative
voices are very loud on social media so
are liberal voices so are crazy voices
so are comedians and so is everyone and
this particular group of people has
actually been advantaged by it because
they were largely left out of the
mainstream media like Fox News came
along now they have all these platforms
to discuss things on and there's been
this sort of online rage fest among them
that they are not heard and and if the
line I use is the people that talk
laddus about not being heard never shut
up and I think we can all agree that
Donald Trump uses Twitter quite a bit
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and msn
see you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
