Democrats are finally getting their own
version of the Koch brothers I'm not
sure our next guest is gonna like that
description but the famous libertarian
mega donors those are the Koch brothers
who regularly boost Republican
candidates well billionaire Tom Steyer
is spreading around a hundred and ten
million dollars ahead of the midterm
elections making him a huge voice in a
party that's trying to retain power or
regain power in Congress this fall
stires organization next gen America and
need to impeach take on the president
directly and elect Democrats in the fall
midterms and one candidate he backed
already won a shocking upset we've been
talking about him all morning
Tallahassee Mayor Andrew Gilliam now the
Democratic nominee for governor in the
state of Florida joining us now is the
man himself Tom Steyer all right Tom
welcome I haven't seen you in a while
what does Gilliam surprise victory means
to Democrats
well Stephanie I think what Andrew
Gilliam represents is a willingness to
confront the real problems that
Floridians face and tell the truth about
them straightforwardly and honestly and
in 2018 that's a very exciting prospect
and let me just ask you about this Tom
we talked to Andrew Gilliam I'm trying
to think about three weeks ago or
something and it wasn't looking great
for him he was confident but you know
the numbers were elsewhere the money was
elsewhere what do you think caused him
to as a progressive by the way take the
lead in this race and how do you think
that works for him in the election well
Ally I think the biggest fact about the
Florida primary on Tuesday is that
Democratic turnout was up 70 percent
from four years ago I think what
happened was that Andrew Gilliam was
talking directly to the largest party in
the United States of America which is I
don't vote party and they showed up
because they could hear him talking
about the things that affect them in a
straightforward way in a common-sense
way and I think that they decided you
know what this is a change this system
is responding to me and I need to go out
and vote well what is the Democrats
message and what is the voice is there a
risk that an Andrew Gilliam who
did get supercharged when he got the
backing of Bernie Sanders even if he
wasn't a Bernie Sanders guy initially is
there a risk that the left pushes too
far and alienates the electorate me I
don't vote party that you were just
talking about I you know Stephanie let
me say this I don't really I don't
accept that frame that you just gave
okay then sound healing with the real
problems that Americans face things like
Affordable Health Care the fact that
wages haven't gone up in 40 years that
somehow dealing straightforwardly with
those problems is progressive to me
that's telling the truth in a common
sensical way and I believe that's what
Americans will respond to what they have
not responded to is political jargon an
unwillingness to face the truth and an
unwillingness to deal with the problems
that our corporate takeover of democracy
has left us with Tom you're you're
pursuing impeachment against President
Trump Andrew Gilliam is actually signed
on on that polling still doesn't
indicate that half of Americans are
there yet about 44 percent say that the
house should consider impeaching Donald
Trump about 47 percent saying no the
margin of error on that is about three
percent so it's close but it's not there
do you think that should be a primary
focus of Republicans in November I think
that the vote in November in the United
States will have a big portion of it
dealing with a referendum on this
administration and this president and
part of that referendum will have to do
with his continual constant lawlessness
his disregard for the rule of law and
his breaking his faith with the American
people here's what I think that
regardless of what you're running for
part of the question in the United
States is do you believe that the
administration and the president should
be representing and fairly dealing with
all of the American people and should he
obey the laws yes that's a huge question
in American politics so well we could
find or define the president's constant
lying or lawlessness or rep
hence evil behavior morally unacceptable
a lot of people vote pretty selfishly
and they say what's gonna give me more
money in my pocket or what's going to
keep what's gonna make abortion illegal
or what's going to make sure that my
second Amendment rights stay the same
and clearly that adds up to enough
people that the president still has
something akin to 40% of the electorate
in polls it's kind of fascinating to us
as I'm sure it is to you but how do we
talk about that well let me start with
the first thing that you said which is
about the economy because at the time of
full employment when growth is pretty
good what we saw was that the average
wage the the buying power of the average
wage went down last year right because
inflation was up by two point nine for
Samaritans their take-home pay could
purchase fewer goods and services than
at the beginning of the year so when
people talk about a successful economy
and that things are good actually for
about 80 percent of Americans this isn't
working at all things are actually worse
I'm gonna speak for both of us we agree
with you then I find it puzzling when
you look at small and large business
sentiment they're up consumer confidence
is up why is that despite the facts you
just outlined well in terms of business
confidence my underlying thesis of
what's going on is there has been a
corporate takeover of our democracy and
as a result business is having its way
it got a huge tax cut and the people
associated with big corporations got a
big tax cut but the average American did
participate that in a big way and now
we're gonna see that without the money
going into the government that we're
gonna have all kinds of cuts to their
consumer confidence up well what I can
say is this what I look at is how people
feel about this president which as you
say has been constant but at a low level
what we are seeing is great passion and
Florida is a perfect example Stephanie
of a 70% increase in Democratic turn
turnout last Tuesday what that says is
people are deeply upset with this
administration
deeply upset with their policies and
deeply upset with their lawlessness hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
