the president is worried right now and
he's here's why he should be worried
there are multiple investigations into
his campaign and businesses and they're
growing and they are starting to bear
fruit so far there's been one outright
conviction of his former campaign
chairman for bank and tax fraud with
another trial looming even though these
charges all date to before the campaign
the first conviction and the prospect of
another could cause some serious
problems for the president in New York
there are currently two currently two
immunity deals in place one for national
enquirer owner david pecker the keeper
of the president's secrets and the other
his money man at the Trump Organization
Alan weiselberger both are expected to
be questioned about the president's
involvement in his former personal
attorneys criminal activity the special
counsel in the Southern District of New
York prosecutors have secured six guilty
pleas in the federal investigation into
the president's campaign and business
dealings one of the pleas was the one
that implicated the president and the
most staggering numbers 32 people and
entities have been indicted on more than
100 charges including conspiracy against
the United States and this investigation
is barely more than a year in spelling
trouble for anyone else trying to hide
their involvement and that trouble could
get worse after the midterm elections if
Democrats take the House of
Representatives when any talk of
impeachment could become a real threat
and subpoenas could begin flooding into
the West Wing but the Washington Post
details the drain of legal resources
from the Trump White House now barely
two dozen lawyers down from 35 and
concerns over a dwindling and
preoccupied communications staff
contrasting it to the Clinton White
House during impeachment proceedings
with 40 to 60 including a robust media
team may be President Trump thinks he
doesn't need a robust media team it's
all him joining us now NBC News White
House correspondent Jeff Bennett and
former US Attorney Joyce Vance all right
Jeff to you first winter is coming
that is a very telling headline on the
Washington Post piece and the piece
details this mass exodus from the White
House legal team and let's make it very
clear we are not talking about the
president loves
to go after what he calls the biased
media attacking him attacking him we're
talking about mass exodus from the
president's own White House legal team
what does that mean
yes sir and look publicly White House
officials say this kind of turnover is
to be expected these jobs are grueling
the hours are long it's it's a
high-stress job but privately I got to
tell you based on our own conversations
with our own sources are reporting
mirrors that of the Washington Post that
there are people in the president's
orbit who do fear that he lacks the
necessary legal firepower to deal with
the potential onslaught of inquiries
investigations and subpoenas if we have
to underscore the word
if Democrats take the house come
November he's also we've understand
talked about the possibility of
impeachment that's what Rudy Giuliani
his outside attorney tells us but the
president is said did not be all that
anxious about it and hasn't come up with
a plan of action but to take this out of
the realm of the abstract and to give
you a real-life example as one person
put it to me say Democrats win come
November they take over the house and
they take over leadership of the
relevant Oversight Committee if they try
to subpoena the president's tax records
if they subpoena White House emails
having to do with the family separation
policy at the border well the White
House is going to need a fully staffed
and experienced team not just in the
counsel's office but also in the comms
shop to deal with it and right now
they're understaffed on both fronts it's
definitely I joy this interview in this
the story in The Washington Post was
based on 26 separate conversation 26
separate sources who said that the the
White House advisors people close to the
president his age those who remain left
are really concerned that if the house
flips in November there's this laundry
list that we've been showing on TV a
memo that Republicans have sent out
about all the things that Democrats
might do investigations they may launch
but there are some real issues at the
top of that subpoenas and possible
impeachment proceedings and that the
White House simply isn't strategically
prepared for this it was great that the
Republicans went ahead and documented
the full extent of the swamp so that
Democrats right
to do that on their own if they retake
the house there are some major concerns
that are evidenced in in that list and
the problem is that each of these legal
inquiries is not something that's as
simple as responding to a subpoena it
requires a team of lawyers inside of the
White House counsel's office to evaluate
whether it asks for material that the
White House should turn over in the
interests of transparency or whether it
should legitimately be protected by
executive privilege because the White
House counsel's office is the lawyer for
the presidency not the president so they
have to think about this administration
this tenure in office but what any
action that they might take or documents
that they turn over might mean for the
legacy of future presidents it's not a
cut and dry legal inquiry it's not easy
they need to be fully staffed up with
very high-quality lawyers instead
they've lost three of the White House
counsel's deputies a fourth one will
leave tomorrow
it's a very difficult situation given
what could be down the road okay but
Joyce don't we even not need to get down
the road if you're a White House lawyer
now and you've got a president who has
continuous outbursts especially this
morning on social media the president
lies when he lies again and again if
you're the president if you are a White
House attorney and you want to live
beyond this administration you want to
get a job you want to keep your
reputation isn't it wise to simply say
does this work for me the president is
operating on his own agenda and if you
look at his career history many many
business people around him have blown up
figuratively I I think that that's the
problem right many people have left this
counsel's office and now that there are
many open slots people are unwilling to
take the job so the president still has
the deputy in the counsel's office who
deals with national security issues but
all of the others are missing and the
challenge will be to find people who are
willing to come in if you come in to the
White House counsel's office at this
point you have to engage in a really
pragmatic calculus of whether you might
not end up a subject of the
investigation whether you might not have
to
a lot of your personal money to hire a
lawyer to represent you and it becomes a
less appealing job for the caliber of
folks that the president needs to
attract right now
yeah and that's interesting because
allies tell the Washington Post in that
story that the president is wondering
why he doesn't have lawyers like the
ones representing Jared Kushner or Dunn
McGann because everybody in the White
House has a lawyer these days you know
Stephanie you and I have talked about
the fact that it's the White House
you're always gonna find somebody who
wants to work there but Joyce last night
I was talking to Richard painter who
says if you're a lawyer goes to work for
this White House you could actually face
real problems later in life as Stephanie
suggested in terms of hiring but more
than that some of these people might get
themselves implicated into into
wrongdoing no lawyer wants to end up
getting a subpoena either to appear and
testify on the hill or in front of the
Special Counsel and you run that risk
not because you're a bad person or a bad
lawyer but simply because you have
proximity to events that might come
within the terrain prosecutors are
looking at so that is a problem there
there is news this morning that the
president has expressed that he's
interested in hiring Abby Lowell a
well-known criminal defense lawyer who
works vigorously on behalf of his
clients with great success but he
already represents Jared Kushner and it
seems like representing the president in
addition would be something of a
conflict of interest the president's
gonna have to find and reach out and
attract a high caliber of talent willing
to serve in this White House and that's
a challenge okay Jeff take us inside the
White House while all this is happening
the president is saying this is just the
media going after me the White House is
being run like a smoothly run machine
all three of us know from our contacts
inside the White House that's not
causally enough don't seem to want to
return my call today because they don't
want to talk about this tweet or your
contacts actually responding to this
with a straight face the only smooth
running machine similar to what Trump is
talking about is maybe Tesla right now
instead goodwood yeah I mean look people
in the know say that top-flight
white-shoe attorneys are not beating
down the door of this White House
flooding the West Wing with resumes
trying to represent the
White House or the president for all of
the reasons that Joyce Vance points out
they also know that the president has a
reputation for not listening to his
lawyers that's that's what accounts for
the first shake-up of the president's
outside legal team add to that what the
president said today on Twitter about
Don Magan suggesting that Don Magan was
ousted in the tweet he said you know
regarding my decision on mr. McGann I
had to check when checking with the
White House official who says know what
the president was actually referring to
was accepting the terms of McGann's
departure which by the way had been an
open secret for weeks if not months that
he was planning to leave the White House
sometime in the fall after the Senate
hearings for Supreme Court nominee Brett
Kavanaugh so we have it confirmed again
that McGann was not fired was not asked
that he is leaving on his own volition
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
