we need to update you on president
Trump's controversial relationship with
the National Enquirer and its owner
David pecker the New York Times
reporting quote he mr. Trump and his
lawyer at the time Michael D Cohen
devised a plan to buy up all the dirt on
mr. Trump that The Enquirer had and its
parent company had collected on him
dating back to the 1980s that plan was
never finalized but the report comes
days after the Associated Press reported
that some of the information was kept in
a safe devoted specifically to sensitive
material and Michael Cohen also
testified under oath
the President himself directed him to
make payments to two women to prevent
them from speaking publicly about their
alleged sexual affairs ahead of the 2016
election Robert Bianchi is a criminal
defense attorney and a former prosecutor
he joins me now to help understand this
okay Cohen and the president they never
went through with this plan but what
does it signal that the president was
willing to pay for all this dirt on him
and what could it mean for the president
because a novice could say I don't know
isn't this what all politicians do you
know if that argument keeps getting made
when I was the head of a prosecutorial
agency in charge of all corruption cases
that was a constant refrain we just
didn't know and sometimes you'll take
that into consideration as a prosecutor
this is a little different I'll tell you
why Stephanie they're in a room we have
a tape the tape is talking about we
gotta buy these stories they're talking
about polls which is connected to the
election and he's basically saying we're
gonna get weiselberger the accountant
involved in this
no weiselberger who's now cooperation I
think look at who's cooperating and
getting the immunity deals you got
weiselberger you got Cohn that's given
statements you've got all up the chain
of command to one person that's point to
his Trump here's what they come up with
president Trump says cash which is a big
red flag for prosecutors no no no we got
a set up as a count over here Stephanie
and then we got to make funnel payments
through that and then on the other end
of that account when I get paid back
what does it get listed as legal fees
what does that essentially do there's no
one that could possibly see based upon
how the money flowed what it was for if
that is not
whether you like Trump don't like Trump
that's not the point but as a prosecutor
I had to make the prosecutorial decision
which I did for six years as the head
prosecutor I'd say this isn't just an
innocent ministerial effect that tape
clearly shows a conspiracy to hide this
then what's the punishment for it well
listen that's gonna be difficult because
he's in a unique position as the
president with respect to this can you
indict him can you not indict him he
certainly that the framers of the
Constitution put the impeachment power
in there with respect to him but listen
Stephanie have said this before
mark my words on this there could be
sealed indictments that come down the
road and also pay in order to pretend
that means well shield indictment could
be preserving the statute of limitations
on a crime that has been committed but
the president would not have to defend
that indictment because of this idea of
the DOJ and a memorandum which could
change at any moment if they so choose
to change it that the president can't be
charged with that but also watch this
here's the side blog and saying it for
months people have started to come
around to the idea watch
state prosecutors that are working with
the mauler team to get around the pardon
power there's no way a guy like Muller
and the FBI and I've worked joint
investigations with them I defend people
enjoy investigations there's no way they
just kind of innocently forgot to
include the state prosecutor no way oh
damn all right now let's turn to Paul
Manafort who of course is Trump's former
former campaign chairman it has been
reported that Muller's team is weighing
the idea to retry him on the 10 counts
that the jury could not come to a
unanimous decision on how do you see
this play now this is a tough thing for
MO and I'll tell you why I was concerned
about this the judge in that case I felt
was very unfair to the prosecutors I
thought he interjected himself in ways
that he shouldn't he demeaned and
disparage the prosecutors in front of
the jury and at the end of a key
Stephanie the defense gets to make legal
motion to have the judge throw all the
charges out who knows what this judge is
going to do so those federal prosecutors
going to say wait before we make a
decision on the other 10 counts that we
could still try we want to see what the
judge is going to do in this case of
course they're gonna go forward also
with the DC case because they've got
them in basically a 79 year sentence now
and on the DC case if they get him
convicted
they probably at that point in time
would have no problem with getting rid
of those other charges they've already
got their pound of flesh hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
