joining us now Republican congressman
Carlos corbello of Florida who easily
won his party's nomination on Tuesday
for the race to reclaim his seat in the
26th district very good to have you on
this morning we want to get to your race
and the issues that are very important
to you in just a moment but first the
person running on the Republican ticket
in the race for governor of Florida made
some controversial comments yesterday
here they are yo he is an articulate
spokesman for those far left views and
he's a charismatic candidate and you
know I watched those Democrat debates
and none of that it was my cup of tea
but I mean he performed better than the
other people there so so we've got to
work hard to make sure that we continue
Florida going in a good direction let's
build off the success we've had on
Governor Scott the last thing we need to
do is to monkey this up by trying to
embrace a socialist agenda with huge tax
increases and bankrupting the state
congressman do you support that
statement do you think it was racist
Mieke first I'll tell you I know Ron and
I don't know him to be a racist I've
never heard him say anything disparaging
about any ethnic group or any person for
that matter but I'll also say that that
was just a stupid comment to make one
that was obviously offensive to a lot of
people I know Ron has clarified that it
was in no way intended to be racist but
I think he should also apologize because
obviously a lot of Floridians and
probably a lot of Americans were
offended by it it given the
circumstances and I happen to know both
Ron and Andrew Andrew and I actually
served together on the Executive Board
of Florida student council when we were
seniors in high school they're both very
eloquent very talented very articulate
men they're both men of my generation
something that's exciting for me
personally and I think for a lot of
Floridians and as younger elected
officials they should both set an
example of what a healthy debate can
look look like in our state and I don't
think Ron did a good job of that
yesterday
do you think Donald Trump helps and I
appreciate by the way let me just back
up I really appreciate what you just
said I know it's a it's a difficult time
and a very difficult time to navigate
politically and that brings me to my
next question is Donald Trump an
important part of of your race of your
message is he a leader that you would
like to emulate the president whoever
the president is is always an issue in
races for Congress and a lot of people
ask me Mika how do you deal with Donald
Trump and obviously I have a lot of
disagreements with him but I tell people
that I deal with this president the same
way I dealt with the last president
President Obama when I served while he
was in the White House when the
president does something right I will
support it I will get behind it if the
president is doing something wrong that
I disagree with I will be outspoken
about it and that's how I've handled
Donald Trump every single day I will for
example commend his administration for
some of the work in Venezuela and Cuba
Nicaragua holding those dictatorships
accountable that's something that's
important to my community a lot of
people here are behind that but when the
president says things that are
inappropriate does things that are
inappropriate attacks the Muller probe
for example I'm gonna push back against
that because we see our democracy being
undermined in a number of ways and I
think sometimes the president
contributes to that and for members of
Congress party aside we have to be
willing to represent our communities to
assert ourselves as a co-equal branch of
government and always pursue the truth
going to Washington this afternoon to be
there tomorrow morning to receive
senator McCain's remains and his family
and I think all of us should find the
John McCain that we all have inside and
emulate him and seek the truth no matter
how
difficult it can be sometimes at least
Jordan congressman Elise Jordan here the
Trump administration's child separation
policy has separated countless young
children and teenagers from their
parents and around five hundred and
twenty eight children and teenagers are
still separated at this moment from
their parents what is happening to
reunify those children with their
parents and how is this not ever going
to happen again this is an important
issue especially here in South Florida
we have two of the shelters in southern
miami-dade County that that are caring
for some of these children not just them
by the way many others who arrived at
the border by themselves and we have
been urging secretary a czar to do
everything possible to bring these
families back together we know that
because of the public outcry that
because many members of Congress from
both parties spok out when jeff sessions
had this horrible idea and started
executing it now that the President
signed an executive order ending this
policy forever now that's not enough we
in Congress have to pass legislation to
make sure that this never happens again
to allow the government to enforce our
immigration laws in a humane way but to
never use family separation as a
deterrent especially when we're talking
about children who are as young as five
six seven years of age children that I
saw and visited at these shelters we put
a bill on the floor and I'll say this
I've criticized colleagues on both sides
of the aisle we put a bill on the floor
and we for Speaker Ryan to bring a bill
to the floor two months ago that would
have ended this policy forever a
minority of Republicans joined every
single Democrat to bring that bill down
there are a lot of colleagues on both
sides who prefer the politics of
immigration over the solutions for
immigration and it's time to put an end
to that and get some real immigration
reform passed that will create a a
humane decent immigration system but
that will also upholds
of law and protect our citizens from
illegal immigration Jeffrey Goldberg
congressman a question about something
that happening happened and still
happening in your backyard in Puerto
Rico president of your party believes
that he did a fantastic job in handling
the hurricane and it's aftermath do you
agree with him
could you assess for us his performance
in Puerto Rico I think we could have
done better but I also recognize it was
a very difficult situation we know
hurricanes here in South Florida and
this was a category 5 storm that hit a
small island I don't think anyone should
think that it was going to be easier
smooth for Puerto Rico to recover I
think that just as we go in it's
electric company do you blame the
electric authorities for this like
Donald Trump does I think all of us are
responsible from local leaders in Puerto
Rico to to the islands of the
territories government to United States
officials but I will tell you I was with
the Coast Guard immediately after the
storm because we were recovering here
from Hurricane Emma and despite the fact
that there was a lot of work to be done
here in South Florida I know that many
resources were dedicated to Puerto Rico
we in Congress have appropriated
billions upon billions of dollars for
recovery in Puerto Rico could we have
done better definitely should the
administration be looking at its own
actions and figuring out how it could
respond better in the future
for sure but for people to just assume
that everything could have gone
perfectly in Puerto Rico and that it was
going to be a seamless recovery I think
that's also unfair and unreasonable no I
don't think anyone was assuming that it
was a very difficult situation Rick
Tyler has a question for you
congressman Cabella Rick Tyler I want to
challenge you on this notion after
Hurricane Maria it was reported in the
government accepted figure was 64 now it
may may have been more I don't blame
Donald Trump for those sixty four deaths
even who was hundreds of deaths that
occurred directly from the hurricane
now we have a number of 2975 those are
people who died after the hurricane that
means those deaths in my estimation are
largely preventable you live in Florida
Florida will be hit by a hurricane how
much confidence do you have in this
administration for a recovery effort in
Florida well I can tell you that we were
hit by hurricane last year my district
the Florida Keys an island chain similar
to Puerto Rico in many ways has suffered
a lot over the last year thankfully
we're recovering the response from the
federal government was not perfect but I
can say that most people in our
community are grateful for all the
federal resources that were immediately
available to help in recovery even the
military had an aircraft carrier off our
coast making sure that people had all
the basic needs immediately after the
storm so we did go through the
experience here it is always difficult
when you get hit by a strong storm those
of us who live here know that we
understand that it's part of it's part
of our lives every hurricane season as
we look at all the different models
could we have done better always there
are always lessons to be learned after
storms it's also very easy to point the
finger and assign blame when it's a it's
a difficult situation and I think here
in Florida the federal government has
done everything that they can to help
our community recover are there lessons
to be learned always could we have done
better in Puerto Rico for sure is it
disturbing that apparently the islands
government underestimated the number of
deaths early on and for for a few months
yes and that's somewhere where we
clearly have to do better and figure out
exactly how we're going to count account
for the damage after these storms
Congressman Carlos corbello thank you
very much thank you for being so candid
appreciate it thank you mica yeah thank
you thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of
around us to watch more for morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
