I'm Ali Velshi and for Brian Williams
day 587 of the Trump administration
brings the sudden news that the west
wing attorney who's been the pivotal
link to robert muller during the russia
investigation is out White House Counsel
Don Magan will soon be making his exit
Axios was first out with the report this
morning that was quickly followed by
this tweet from President Trump White
House Counsel Don Magan will be leaving
his position in the fall shortly after
the confirmation hopefully of Judge
Brett Kavanaugh to the United States
Supreme Court I have worked with Don for
a long time and truly appreciate his
service this afternoon Trump was asked
about the departing White House Counsel
Don McGann's a really good guy been with
me for a long time privately before this
he represented me it's been here now
will be almost two years and a lot of
affections are done according to several
reports McGann did not know in advance
about Trump's plans to announce his
departure the Washington Post spoke to
one person about McGann's response to
the Trump announcement writing his
reaction was of course it happened this
way
Don McGann worked with Trump during the
2016 election before he was appointed to
be White House Counsel and during an
interview at this year's CPAC McGann
talked about his influence within the
West Wing
I advised the President on a range of
issues from constitutional law executive
power whether or not we can go to war
judicial Selection administrative law
essentially government law that the
president has to encounter on a
day-to-day basis and that involves you
and just about everything unfortunately
yes McGann has also been on the front
lines of this administration's dealings
with Robert Muller and he's been a key
witness in the Russia inquiry the
president's announcement today comes
after the New York Times reported last
week that McGann has spent 30 hours
talking to Muller's team and that the
president's team didn't seem to know
what McGann had shared with
investigators today the president
insisted he's not at all concerned with
whatever McGann told Muller
I knew he was going also you know I had
to approve it we do everything straight
we do everything by the book and Donna's
an excellent guy and that prompted
Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz to
say this I can't imagine that he
wouldn't be worried if he's not worried
he should be worried whenever somebody
on the inside spends 30 hours with
somebody who's trying to get you you got
to start worrying and you should have
started worrying even before that
happened and thought seriously about
what your options were to reduce the
amount of worrying that you're gonna
have after the fact now again it's close
involvement with virtually all aspects
of the Russia investigation as men he
was often on a collision course with the
president you may recall in late January
of 2017 McGann was the first White House
official to be warned about national
security advisors Michael Flynn's
contacts with Russia and March of that
year Trump reportedly pressured McGann
to ask Jeff Sessions not to recuse
himself from the Russia investigation
there were also clashes with FBI
director James Comey who was eventually
fired in May and in June
Trump reportedly tried to get McGann to
orchestrate the firing of Robert Muller
McGann is said to have refused
threatening to resign himself now if
there's one area where McGann and Trump
agree it's on Judicial Appointments the
White House Council has been
instrumental in getting Neil Gorsuch
appointed to the Supreme Court and
McGann is now shepherding the nomination
of Brett Kavanaugh McGann has also moved
swiftly in getting conservative nominees
onto federal court so far he's helped
win Senate confirmation of more than two
dozen appeals court judges the potential
loss of an McGann as an ally in the
White House has sparked concern among
Republican senators today Senator Chuck
Grassley the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee posted this tweet
replying to the president's announcement
that McGann was leaving he wrote quote I
hope it's not true McGann is leaving
White House Counsel
you can't let that happen there's
already talk about a possible
replacement for me
Trump legal team member Emmitt flood
this man is the one name most frequently
mentioned flood represented former Bill
Clinton when he was impeached reporter
Robert Costa of the Washington Post sent
this tweet today writing flood is widely
seen as likely replacement and was
personally recruited by McGann to join
the White House back in the spring flood
has built a rapport with POTUS to
McGann's relief but no decision
finalized yet the president's inner
circle is dwindling as its outlook dims
on the day when the mercury in the
nation's capital hit 92 degrees
Fahrenheit the headline on another
blockbuster piece of reporting by The
Washington Post tonight reads winter is
coming
citing 26 sources the story describes
how aides and advisers to the president
fear the White House is ill-prepared for
a potential Democratic takeover of the
House of Representatives in the midterm
elections now just 69 days away
according to the paper
winter is coming said one Trump ally in
close communication with the White House
assuming Democrats win the house which
we all believe is a very strong
likelihood the White House will be under
siege but it's like tumbleweeds rolling
down the halls over there nobody's
prepared for a war let's bring in our
leadoff panel for a Wednesday night Phil
rock Rucker who is a co-author of the
aforementioned story is the Pulitzer
Prize winning White House bureau chief
for the Washington Post
Tamara Keith White House correspondent
for NPR and Richard painter was chief
White House Ethics lawyer for president
george w bush thanks to all of you for
joining me Phil let's start with you
your piece focuses on fear in the White
House why now what's specific about the
potential departure of magan that's got
so many people worried or is it just one
more thing that that is making them
worry yeah Lee it's just one more thing
that's making them worried this fear has
been building for a while now as it
looks increasingly likely that Democrats
have a real possibility of taking over
the majority of the house at a minimum
in November's midterm elections and you
know people around the president his
allies including some of his advisers
inside the White House are very
concerned that that could lead to a
barrage of subpoenas of investigations
of enquiries into ethical misconduct
denne administration into inquiries
perhaps into the president's businesses
and and most dangerously into possible
impeachment proceedings depending of
course on what sort of report Special
Counsel Robert Muller issues regarding
obstruction of justice and so there's
concern that Trump is not prepared for
that that he hasn't hired the kind of
lawyers to his legal team who can really
manage an impeachment battle with
Congress he certainly has in Rudy
Giuliani a fierce and vocal defender and
somebody willing to wage this public
relations battle with Muller but he's
not exactly what a lot of Trump allies
believe the president would need in an
impeachment lawyer but there's also
concern that the White House itself has
not built the infrastructure necessary
to manage all of these investigations in
these subpoenas the White House
counsel's office had 35 lawyers at one
time now it's down to 25 McGann is
leaving but so to have a number of his
deputies in the counsel's office so
there are vacancies there to be filled
and then you look at the communications
operation in the White House they do
everything they can to put out these
fires every day and deal with the
day-to-day but that doesn't leave them a
lot of bandwidth to prepare for the real
difficulties that could come if
Democrats win the house and begin these
investigations
you know Tamara just this last week
we've heard stories about how the
president ignored the advice of John
Kelly of Sirach will be standard Sanders
to issue a proper response to the
passing of John McCain subsequently he
did it later but it really brings up the
question of where do the guardrails
exist in the White House that there's
some talk that Ivanka and Jared might
have been behind the the acceleration of
Don McGann's
demise we're not sure what John Kelly's
doing exactly in the White House he's
not keeping the president out of trouble
so there is definitely some sense that
there's no supervision there well and
when John Kelly came in he said he was
going to be the chief of the staff and
at this point it's not clear really who
he's supervising Don McGann as the White
House Counsel he he was never the
president's lawyer he represents the
presidency and and at times that what
was best for the
presidency is what that President Trump
wanted which led to a sort of a
contentious relationship because you
know out in the outside world
when President Trump was businessman
Trump he had lawyers who said yes and
and Don Magan has been someone who at
times has had to say no let me ask you
Richard
when Phil talks about the White House
lacking the infrastructure to deal with
this sort of thing the president has
systematically dismantled an
infrastructure that might have been
there it's not clear he had won in the
start but the fact is so many key people
are leaving what is the role of the
White House Council and in what way
should the president be looking at the
role of the White House Council because
he has expressed concern that John
McGann wouldn't get on it's been
reported that he's expressed concern Don
McGann wouldn't get on board with the
idea of pardoning Paul Manafort so the
infrastructure was broken from the
beginning well it certainly was the role
the White House Counsel is to assist the
president and complying with the law
making sure the president complies with
the law discussing the various options
open to the president that comply with
the law this president doesn't want to
comply with the law he is obstructed
justice by firing the FBI director
drafting a statement for his son and the
Muller investigation that about the
Trump Tower meeting that was alive in
the the list of problems goes on and on
and I'm amazed that Don McGann stayed
this long because if a white House
Counsel sits around and watches people
break the law and then gets involved in
a cover-up well we know where that leads
well John Dean can tell you about that
and what happened in the Nexen years and
you end up losing your bar license and
going to jail
so I'm amazed II stayed this long I
don't know whether Emmett floods gonna
really want this job
unless this president is gonna decide
he's gonna comply with a law and that's
not what's been going on over the past
almost two years now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
