our next guest was the winner of the
biggest upset victory in last night's
elections
Andrew Gilliam who had been consistently
polling in third place won Florida's
Democratic primary for governor Andrew
Gilliam is the mayor of Tallahassee and
he is now Florida's first
african-american nominee for governor in
a major party he is also now running
against the Trump endorsed Republican
candidate congressman Ron De Santis who
won the Republican nomination last night
today Ron de Santos said this about his
opponent mayor Andrew Gilliam yo he is
an articulate spokesman for those far
left views and he's a charismatic
candidate and you know I watched those
Democrat debates none of that it was my
cup of tea but I mean he performed
better than the other people there so so
we've got to work hard to make sure that
we continue Florida going in a good
direction let's build off the success
we've had on Governor Scott the last
thing we need to do is to monkey this up
by trying to embrace a socialist agenda
with huge tax increases and bankrupting
the state joining us now mayor Andrew
Gilliam Democratic nominee for governor
of Florida mayor thank you very much for
joining us not really appreciated thank
you so much for having me
Lawrence I hope you will I am and I want
to get your reaction to what we just
heard congressman De Santis say about
you well I tell you the congressman
clearly plans on campaigning at the
Trump manual but I think he's going to
have a real big surprise on November 6 I
think people in this state are so sick
of those kinds of politics of division
racialized politics which I think you
know Trump tried to capitalize on in his
election I think people have learned
their lesson and in this state we're
going to send them a message on November
6 when they elect me
governor of the state of Florida
coincidentally the first black governor
of this state were you personally
offended by those comments and are these
are those comments hit an example of his
racialized politics well I tell you I
try not to take too much of what these
folks say seriously when they when they
caricature themselves
they're an embarrassment to themselves I
think that DeSantis can be better than
this I know that our state is better
than this and I think it's just left to
the voters to make sure that we sent a
very clear and convincing message that
racialized politics and politics of
division are not who we are
truth be told it's not even what the
voters want to talk about they want to
know how they're going to get access to
good affordable health care a job that
pays them a wage that allows them to
live on and maybe take a vacation once a
year an education system that can
educate their kids and pay teachers what
they're worth for doing the most
difficult job that exists on earth which
is the shaping the molding and the
cultivating of the minds of our kids
this stuff is simply off the rocker but
I guess when you don't have anything
positive to put out there and you don't
have a vision for the future of this
state you would result to trumpian
politics now everyone's noticed that
Bernie Sanders endures endorsed your
candidacy you are grateful to him for
that but you ought you endorsed Hillary
Clinton for president in the 2016
campaign and so it seems in your own
experience you personally have bridged
what are the two most clearly
identifiable camps in the Democratic
Party yeah I mean that's exactly how we
look at it and I'll tell you today
Lawrence I had a great conversation this
morning with senator Sanders I got a
call this morning also from Secretary
Clinton we had a great conversation as
well I think what our campaign
demonstrated is that we have the ability
to pull should you believe that it
exists the Bernie Sanders wing as well
as the Hillary Clinton wing of the
Democratic Party together and the truth
is is that we're gonna need all of the
constituencies of our party to win back
this state this November in fact I even
want to bring over those Republicans who
feel duped by this president who frankly
wanted to see of their lives improves
their job conditions improve their
health conditions improve and all we've
gotten under this this president is our
charades and shows and insults we're
tired of it we want a government and a
governor who's going to be responsive to
the needs of everyday working
and that's why I believe we're gonna
prevail on November 6th you say you'd
like to reach over to Republican voters
who are turned off by the Trump
administration if you're trying to
appeal to Republican voters in Florida
you're out there in the campaign trail
and a Republican voter says to you
you're you're a nice man or whatever
they want to say about you personally
but they say I'm worried because you
you're a socialist the DeSantis message
that you are a socialist how would you
respond to a Republican voter who's
worried about you as a socialist yeah
well first of all I tell them I'm a
Democrat have been one so long as I've
been registered to vote and then I'll
reflect on them and I'll say listen if
you walk in multiple jobs in order to
make ends meet you can't be satisfied
with the way things are going in this
state and right now in Florida 44% of
people in this state nearly half the
population say that they can't make ends
meet at the end of the month if you're
worried about your kids being tested to
death due to high-stakes tests which
don't tell us what they know but how
will they take a test
you're probably frustrated too if you
live in the south western corner of this
state where we've got algae blooms
flowing out of the east and the west
side of guacamole content that you can't
be happy with the environmental
regulation undertaken under this
Republican leadership these last 20
years you've got to be frustrated by
that so I would simply say vote your own
interests vote your own conscience vote
your own household and if you vote that
way I have no doubt that you'll choose
me over Congressman De Santis in the
race for governor a cars from the center
says you want to get into office so that
you can raise taxes in Florida yeah well
congressman De Santis
is wrong on this account I don't want to
raise taxes on everyday Floridians what
we have said is that everybody ought to
pay their fair share in the state of
Florida the corporate tax rate lower
than that of the states of Alabama and
Georgia with the third largest state in
America and by being a cheap date
we've cheapened and been a back of the
pack state almost on everything that
matters what I want people to understand
is that good corporations good companies
good businesses good people don't locate
the states where your education system
is 40th out of 40th where your mental
health funding is 50th out of 50 a--the
where your environment
is being so harmed that you can't even
go into the ocean that you've got to be
conscious about the air that you breathe
are the water that you drink that
impacts people's quality of life and so
if we're serious about creating a state
that is desired by everybody which I
can't imagine why anybody wouldn't want
to choose Florida we've got to make our
state the kind of state that's deserving
of the talent of our children but it
requires a governor who's interested in
doing the right things taking the right
steps and making sure that everybody
pays their fair share corporations have
to pay their fair share too in this
state which is why I advocate for
corporate tax rate increase a Florida is
the scene of two of the worst mass
murders in recent American history
the most recent one being Marjory
Stoneman Douglas High School you your
first appearance on this program was in
reaction to that shooting as a candidate
for governor now what policies do you
believe a Florida needs to enact as a
result of that shooting well
you're right and in fact we just had a
shooting incident in fact - that took
place in Duval County Jacksonville
Florida one at the landing and before
that a high school football game we know
that gun violence ravages not only our
communities when it comes to mass
shooting incidences but their
communities that have to deal with this
issue on a daily basis and what we
simply said is that we ought to instruct
and enforce common-sense gun laws if you
want to own the power of God at your
waistt bill you at least thought I have
a background check I believe that if you
want to shoot a gun that can fire off 60
bullets in 60 seconds you ought to join
the military that those Street those
guns and rather have no place on our
city streets and I think that there are
people who are common and decent in this
state who really do want to see us take
some very common-sense and logical steps
and we just refuse to do it Lawrence I
think I've shared with you before I mean
I was literally sued drugged through
court for two years by the NRA and the
gun lobby all because of my city we
refused to repeal an ordinance which
said you couldn't shoot guns in city
parks
I mean how ridiculous is that notion
we've got to return to some sense of
common and decency and safety and
security for all people and right now
the
Ray has run roughshod over this state
and we've got to bring it back to a more
common in decent place mayor Andrew
Gilliam thank you very much for joining
us once again and please come back and
join us during the campaign would like
to hear more indeed thanks for having me
Lawrence take care thank you thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
