I'm now decided to accuse myself from
any existing or future investigations of
any matter relating in any way through
the campaigns for president of the
United States before I let you go I want
to ask you about the other big news the
Washington Post reporting Donald Trump
again reviving the idea of potentially
ousting Jeff Sessions allegedly to get
more control over the Moller probe is
that okay with you is it fine to remove
the Attorney General or does that
concern you look I let me be really
clear about what I wanted to do I want
to protect special prosecutor Muller
that's what I think the United States
Congress should do right now and I push
on this in the Senate I ask my friends
in the house to push on this we need to
pass a bill that says the special
prosecutor cannot be fired he has a
right he will be protected so he can
finish his investigation without
interference from Democrats Republicans
independents anybody and not
interference from the President of the
United States you know he's already this
investigation has produced more than two
dozen indictments or guilty pleas this
is a serious investigation our job in
the Senate and the house should be to
protect that special prosecutor so he
can finish his work and make a full and
fair report to the people of the United
States now I have to press you a little
bit because it may surprise people
people who really look up to you or look
up to Donald Trump that you there is an
overlap here apparently because in March
you did say quote we need Attorney
General Jeff Sessions who should have
never been confirmed in the first place
to resign we need it now and so I wonder
is there an overlap between you and
Donald Trump who now is trying to
allegedly get rid of Jeff Sessions or is
it more complicated look I'm I'm not a
fan of Jeff Sessions I've watched what
he's done on everything from his manole
justice on his refusal to enforce civil
rights acts of all that he is doing what
I care about is the protection of this
special prosecutor
and that is an arrow thing that the
Congress could take care of we could
pass a bill if Republicans and Democrats
I think all the Democrats are on board
for this Republicans and Democrats could
come together we could do it with a
veto-proof majority and make sure that
the special prosecutor is protected
that's the part I care about understood
and senator Elizabeth Warren I really
appreciate you coming on the beat and
taking the questions your first time we
hope you'll come back you bet thanks for
having me
Thank You senator hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
