and the president today is showing White
House Council Don Magan the door pushing
out yet another central witness and
Robert Miller's obstruction of justice
investigation Trump took to Twitter to
confirm McGann's
imminent departure first reported this
morning by Axios quote White House
Counsel Dom began will be leaving his
position in the fall shortly after the
confirmation hopefully of Judge Brett
Kavanaugh to the US Supreme Court I have
worked with Don for a long time and
truly appreciate his service only here's
the thing according to a new report from
the Washington Post though it was an
open secret that McGann was preparing to
leave the White House after Cavanaugh's
confirmation process McGann had never
discussed his plans directly with Trump
and he was not aware that Trump planned
to send that tweet before it was posted
according to a person close to Magan
Magan anticipated departure is taking on
a greater significance after a bombshell
last week from the New York Times
underscored the extent of his
cooperation with Special Counsel Robert
Muller a report that rattled Trump's
lawyers who have admitted sense to the
New York Times they don't know what
McGann may have shared with Muller in
testimony that is now believed to be
critical to Muller's obstruction probe
the president nonetheless praising began
this afternoon in the Oval Office yeah
Don McGann is a really good guy I've
been with me for a long time privately
before this he represented me it's been
here now will be almost two years and a
lot of affection for Don and he'll be
moving on
probably the private sector maybe the
private sector that tells it very well
but he's Senate excellent job
I knew he was going also as you know I
had to approve it so we didn't we didn't
play an executive you know I don't have
to be aware we we have we do everything
straight we do everything by the book
and Donna's an excellent guy the
president claims he's not worried but in
fact in his time at the White House
McGann has been a central figure in
flashpoints of trumps presidency we now
know Muller is closely examining
including the firings of James Comey and
Michael Flynn attempts to fire robert
muller pressure on Attorney General Jeff
Sessions to were take control of the
Russia investigation and concerns of
witness tampering
in fact McGann has long served as one of
the guardrails protecting Trump from his
impulses to cross the line into the
Muller probe by doing things like firing
key officials so it's curious timing
that Trump is nudging began out on the
very day we're learning from the
Washington Post that Trump has recently
revived the idea of firing Jeff Sessions
another key Muller witness joining us
now from the Washington Post Whitehouse
bureau chief Phil Rucker and national
political reporter Robert Costa also
moderator of Washington week and with me
here at the table Mimi Roca former
assistant US attorney for the Southern
District of New York and Frank felici
former FBI assistant director for
counterintelligence Franken I want to
start with you and I want to get a scene
Center the president is pushing out Don
Magan who just sat for 30 hours of
testimony with Robert Muller
Don Magan who was in the room or at
least aware of all of these things
regarding the firing of James Comey of
of Mike Flynn etcetera etcetera etcetera
Don McGann who was with him since June
2015 and the president says no I'm not
worried yeah sounds good except it's it
can't be true you don't spend 30 hours
being interviewed by the special
counsels office to simply shoot the
breeze
this was the inside guy this was the guy
that tried to talk the president out of
doing really stupid possibly illegal
things
what this provides to Muller is
intention intent to obstruct why was it
that he wanted the AG to recuse himself
from the investigation what was he
thinking when he fired Jim Comey what is
he dangling pardons before people and
talking about it with McGann this is the
damage that he can do is it better to
have him in the White House still or to
have him outside of the White House
given all that so let's remember
something the White House Counsel works
for us you and me doesn't work for the
president he's not his attorney so it in
my opinion it would have been better to
have him remain in place and continue to
consult or be interviewed by the special
counsel as opposed to having him now
outside I don't see the difference there
couldn't he I mean go to McGann and say
hey let's talk more about what you said
in front of the special counsel isn't it
easier for the for the White House
lawyers for Donald Trump's lawyers to
get to McGann if he's in the West Wing
still well McGann may very well have
sent signals that he's not someone who
can be gotten to and I think by going
ahead and doing that salted at least
it's not gotten to right but but either
way I mean McGann very likely was you
know advised by Muller that he shouldn't
talk to anyone about the testimony he
gave McGann is represented by bill Burke
who was the former Southern District
prosecutor and is very you know savvy
and you know straight shooter and my
guess is told McGann not to talk to
anyone about his testimony I mean and so
they probably wouldn't have given
information even if a stand and that may
be why that may be one of the sort of
things that happened once they found out
them again did testify for so many hours
you're not going to tell us about it
okay see yeah
Robert Mitch McConnell said it would be
a sad day if this was true in fact it is
true the president tweeted about it
senator Grassley also criticized the
decision he sent out a treats to tweet
excuse me saying I hope it's not true
McGann is leaving White House Counsel
you can't let that happen so Robert how
did this all go down there's a real
sense of unease on Capitol Hill talking
to my sources there in the last few
hours because they see McGann as a link
to traditional republicanism
he's a conventional figure inside of an
unconventional white house he's helped
them stay steady as a party on one core
area on the judicial nominations even as
there's disarray in disagreement across
the rest of the Trump agenda on that
facet they've had agreement and he's
he's had a close relationship with
leader McConnell and they've been able
to get one and maybe even two in the
coming weeks Supreme Court justice
nominees through and now they're worried
about how does that continue without him
again how did it go down though in the
White House did McGann know it seems
like from the reporting McGann didn't
know about this before it happened
that's correct based on our reporting
here at the post McGann was not aware
that the tweet was coming it was well
known that he would likely leave after
the midterm elections after Kavanagh was
confirmed if confirmed in the coming
weeks but the president has decided to
do it on his own without consulting
McGann first but this is how the
president often behaves in McGann's
associates have been telling friends
today it's been death by Twitter or
announcement by Twitter personnel-wise
for many people inside of this White
House yeah and so it's not that
surprising that's how it was from again
let us count all the all the folks that
have been fired by tweets in this
administration so far Phil Drucker
McGann wasn't the only one who knew
about this Sarah Huckabee Sanders asked
this morning if if this was happening
and she said no well look I mean it
there's a question of whether there were
plans intentions for McGann to
eventually leave at some point this fall
after the midterm elections are after
Kavanagh that was sort of widely assumed
and widely discussed inside the
president's orbit that's different than
an actual departure announcement that
the president tweeted clearly the
president decided to do that tweet on
his own he wanted to sort of leave his
imprint on this personnel move he
doesn't like for people to leave on
their own Accords and on their own
timelines he likes to sort of be the one
to show people to the door and we've
seen it time and again and we saw it
again today with McGann so Phil could
this be the president being prompted by
Axios reporting and wanting to get a leg
up on the on the idea that McGann might
leave on his own accord is this why his
own White House communications staff
doesn't even know about it it seems like
there are so often scenarios where we
hear from someone like
Huckabee Sanders or the like in the comm
staff Kellyanne Conway saying the
president has confidence in somebody or
no they're not gonna fire a person only
for the president to send out a tweet a
couple hours later it seems like there's
nobody in the loop in that White House
except for the president and whoever he
may be talking to from Fox News well
Katie I don't know what exactly inspired
the president to send that tweet this
morning but he calls his own shots the
idea that the staff had you know prepare
these rollouts and have tweets drafted
for him as preposterous he sits there
and decides sort of on a whim when he
wants to make an announcement like this
and that's what happened here and it
sure it caught the staff by surprise I
don't think Sarah Sanders was doing
anything intentionally sort of trying to
mislead the public or anything like that
and saying this was not part of the plan
because I don't think it was part of the
plan until he decided to send that tweet
this morning let's talk about the
intersection between robert muller Jeff
Sessions and Don McGann we have this
reporting from the New York Times back
in March McGann carried out all the
president's orders and lobbied mr.
sessions to remain in charge of the
Russia inquiry according to two people
with knowledge of the episode mr. McGann
was unsuccessful and the president
erupted in anger in front of numerous
White House officials saying he needed
his attorney general to protect mr.
protect him mr. Trump said he had
expected his top law enforcement
official to safeguard him the way he
believed Robert F Kennedy as Attorney
General had done for his brother John F
Kennedy and Eric Holder had for Barack
Obama then there was this idea that
McGann was going to resign because the
president was telling him to tell the
New York Times their reporting was not
true when the New York Times reported
this very fact right so you know once
again Trump is viewing his Attorney
General as someone who's supposed to
protect him personally and he's viewing
apparently the White House Counsel as
someone who is supposed to carry out his
personal orders like this and neither of
those things are true or the way that it
should be and the fact that both of
these men you can you know whatever else
you may agree or disagree with what they
are doing or have done they both seem to
be loyal to their office right sessions
nope i recused properly this is what I'm
doing this is what what the Justice
Department guidelines require me to do
McGann's you know - apparently taking
the position that I am I'm not gonna
carry out these these you know
ridiculous orders the Trump is trying to
impose on sessions to get it unruhe
queues themselves and and that's why one
is sort of being forced out and one is
likely to be fired
sessions is also somebody who is a
witness and Robert mullahs probe it's
not just McGann yeah so we're looking
increasingly now at an unchecked
president and no one left to even try to
balance his actions out and if that
happens the domino effect may start so
he's talking increasingly about getting
rid of sessions we're hearing
prominent Republican senators kind of
giving the blessing for that and and the
danger signal to me is we're hearing
people say well as long as he picks an
attorney general who let smaller finish
letting Muller finish is only half the
equation how you properly deal with
mothers report Muller's potential
requests to subpoena the president for
interview molars potential requests for
permission to indict the a sitting
president if a new Attorney General is
there and he's a Lackey for this
president look out there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
