he may have access to Intel from over a
dozen agencies at his fingertips but
there's only one source of information
President Trump needs Fox News last
night the president tweeted this report
just out China hacked Hillary Clinton's
private email server are they sure it
was at Russia just kidding what are the
odds of the FBI and DOJ are right on top
of this actually a very big story much
classified information exclamation point
if you're asking yourself where did
Donald Trump get this you we're not
watching Fox
well lunatics and dumb people in
Washington have wasted the last two
years of your life in a frenzy over
Russia's supposed to influence in our
elections lost in the hyperbole and
commotion and hysteria has been a real
story
China's active pervasive and ongoing
espionage against our country now
according to a new report by The Daily
Caller
a Chinese owned company successfully
hacked Hillary Clinton's private email
server this morning the FBI knocked down
the report telling NBC News they have
not found any evidence of Clinton
servers being compromised Trump went on
to tweet about that story and other
quotes from Fox five times between last
night and this morning with us now
veteran columnist and MSNBC contributor
mike lupica he joins the table Mike what
do you think about that the president's
watching Fox News all day and then
deciding to either tweet or make policy
based on what he's hearing Fox News is
his happy place Katie he he gets to be
the president he sees himself as being
that they see himself as being and he's
in this incredible echo chamber where
they tailed him constantly exactly what
he wants to hear and you know we've all
been reading these stories about how the
only cabinet that matters is the one at
Fox News and and every time I read those
stories I think well if that's true
we're screwed
let's read that story let's let's read
that story Washington Post many of
trumps cabinet secretaries and senior
advisors have a cable news shadow shadow
Dobbs might be considered Trump's
television Treasury secretary Hannity
his chief of staff and Carlson his
Secretary of State Fox's Jeanine Pirro
serves
a de facto Attorney General railing
against sessions and the special
counsels Russia probe while regular Fox
analysts speak Pete hagseth was under
consideration to be the actual Secretary
of the Department of Veterans Affairs
guys someone jump in oh just want to say
one thing that Trump has always and I
think you'll bear me out on this Frank
but he's always not understood about the
intelligence community the intelligence
community is not giving you facts
they're giving you the best estimate of
what they have Intel intelligence to say
we have a high degree of belief in this
we have a low degree of belief in this
when they're not saying you should
believe this he feels that the
intelligence community is trying to
persuade him of something that he
doesn't even listen to the intelligence
community is you reading his PDB does he
have any of this information he's
tweeting about South at South Apple why
wouldn't his Tucker Carlson's doing a
segment on it why not call up your
Secretary of State and say hey listen is
what Tucker Carlson is saying on Fox
News actually true is that is that what
really is going on maybe something a bit
doesn't want to believe that it's not
true that's better
it's not fitting his narrative so when
intelligence and briefings don't fit his
narrative he doesn't want to hear that
his narrative boards is the only way
he's able to consume it through a
segment on television well perhaps his
morning brief should be done through a
TV network and during his executive time
in the residence well that's what's
happening a lot of a lot of his aides go
on television to talk to him listen it's
also in the Washington Post aides in
turn try to influence the cable News
hosts cable hosts who influence the
president when Treasury secretary Steve
minuchin led a delegation to China in
May he announced on Fox News Sunday that
the United States was putting the trade
war on hold but soon after others in the
delegation including China hawk Peter
Navarro found an alternate alternative
audience with Dobbs to criticize
venetians message then Dobbs his
criticism were picked up on Fox &
Friends the following day by by host
Brian Kilmeade
before long and on the basis of those
media messages the president made an
abrupt change in policy well this is a
huge governing problem but it's also a
fascinating phenomenon because the other
people that are in this Fox bubble of
course are his supporters because that's
their sole source of news in many
instances so anything that's real
doesn't seem fake it's completely out of
the blue they've never heard about this
before it can't possibly be true
so together they're in this collective
never never land as they construct these
formulas these narratives that go on and
on why do they think that immigration is
a huge problem that millions are pouring
over the border when in fact we have net
immigration going towards Mexico it's
because it's on Fox News constantly it's
either a illegal immigrant hurting
someone and we do know that immigrants
commit crimes at lower rates or it's a
people born here that people born here
but that's the universe in which they
inhabit and so not only I think does he
not read and we know that and does not
you know we now know that they basically
reduce everything to a bullet point if
the bullet points are too long he won't
even read that so he doesn't absorb
information very well at all let alone
reading it but I think the bigger issue
is he doesn't want to live in the real
world the real world doesn't think he's
could present the real world sees that
he's messing up right and left the real
world says he may have committed crime
so what does the boxers will say is
listen the fact that he watches so much
Fox Fox News and parents what they say
on television shows that he's really in
touch with Americans and the way
Americans consume information and the
way Americans think sure that shows that
he's in touch with his base of Americans
but I think frankly his ego can't handle
any kind of reality and so we saw that I
mean what better example is there than
the flag Fiasco with Senator John McCain
I mean how small of a person do you have
to be truly to not honor that man who
served this country honorably first in
Vietnam and then in the Senate because
because he was had political differences
with you but before that he said he
wasn't a war hero in 2000 when he was
talking I believe it was 2000 when he
was talking tim tim russert so that that
thing that he said in 2015 wasn't wasn't
did not come out of the blue that
fragile you go yeah Mike I want to I
want to let you jump in no it's it and
who's he talking to and who is he
listening to this world of the League of
aging angry
white guys and you just want to say to
them sometimes
mr. president dude yeah this stuff's
gonna rot your brain catch a ball game
once in a while go to a movie because if
you constantly listen the thing like oh
I used to like football well he used to
like football until they wouldn't let
him into the NFL and now of course his
is on record it's hating it hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
