I let me start with the controversy
today by your opponent congressman Ron
De Santis
you heard something that you said it was
a page from the Donald Trump campaign
manual do you want an apology from
congressman DeSantis do you think you're
owed one you know what but let me be
articulate and clear here which is we're
better than this in Florida I believe
the congressman can be better than this
I regret that his mentor in politics is
Donald Trump but I do believe that the
voters of the state of Florida are going
to reject the politics of division they
believe that we're better than that
which is why I'm going to spend my time
over the next two plus months getting
around this state talking about the
issues that matter to everyday voters in
this state kitchen table issues health
care education making sure we clean up
our environment which our governor has
been derelict with the Republican
legislature to do and I think that's how
we're going to win in in November but
it's clear that the congressman is gonna
join Donald Trump and in the swamp we're
gonna leave them there we're gonna
continue to press to what a higher mark
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
