13 years after Hurricane Katrina the
United States is facing another major
challenge the realities hurricane Maria
left behind in Puerto Rico here's what
President Trump just said when visiting
sent oh that's what he said when he
visited San Juan in October if you look
at a real catastrophe like Katrina and
you look at the tremendous hundreds and
hundreds and hundreds of people that
died now what is your what is your death
count as of this moment 17 16 people
certified 16 people versus in the
thousands you can be very proud of all
of your people all of our people working
together 16 versus literally thousands
of people everybody around this table
and everybody watching can really be
very proud of what's taking place in
Puerto Rico morfs facts sake
Puerto Rico was a real catastrophe the
US government should not be proud of
what happened before or after Hurricane
Maria here's shocking new data from a
study commissioned by Puerto Rican
officials the report found that
Hurricane Maria killed two thousand nine
hundred and seventy five Americans every
demographic was affected by this but the
deaths were especially higher in
low-income areas and among the elderly
the new total is more than forty six
times the original estimate toll which
after it was sixteen was raised to 64 so
just how powerful was Hurricane Maria
well she made landfall as a massive
category four storm
Maria ripped through the island with
maximum sustained winds of 155 miles per
hour and it affected nearly 3.4 million
people the total population of Puerto
Rico
leaving behind ninety billion dollars in
reported damage the third costliest in
US history over a call overall Hurricane
Maria was the worst storm to hit the US
territory in more than 80 years making
it one of the deadliest natural
disasters in US history all right
joining me now from San Juan is NBC's
Gabe Gutierrez
Gabe let's first of all talk about the
conditions in Puerto Rico now how much
improvement have we seen hi there Allie
well things have improved here in Puerto
Rico quite a bit
has finally been restored through the
entire island although the last customer
restored just a few weeks ago many
people say that took much too long we
should point out look if you go to San
Juan the tourism industry is trying to
flourish once again the economy here in
Puerto Rico needs visitors and the
government is trying to more people back
here in order to pump up this area's
economy again but Ali is here mentioning
this new report really is seems to
confirm what a lot of people here in
this island have been telling us for
months nearly 3,000 people are estimated
to have died following Hurricane Maria
making it the deadliest u.s. natural
disaster in more than a century Ali just
think about it that 3,000 people more
than more than a thousand then were
killed in Hurricane Katrina the
magnitude of this is overwhelming we
should point out some other things at
this report from George Washington
University also pointed out it blamed
Puerto Rican officials here on the
island for a massive communications
breakdown and for not having the proper
protocols in place in terms of emergency
response now the governor yesterday
ricardo rosado he said that the official
death toll would be updated because of
this report he said that the buck stops
with him and then in hindsight things
could have been done differently but as
you pointed out the White House still
saying that is route of the federal
effort here saying that more than 12,000
personnel had come to Puerto Rico but
that statement isn't sitting well as
many people here in the silent in
including San Juans mayor Carmen you
lien Cruz has been an outspoken critic
of the federal government's response
watch what she had to say right after
the White House statement take a listen
shame on the White House and shame on
the president all he had to say is I'm
sorry that 2975 of you died that's all
he had to say but he's incapable of
doing that
now we are here in front of Puerto
Rico's main more months ago the
government had brought in extra
refrigerated containers in order to be
able to hold all the unclaimed bodies
here it's just staggering death toll
alley we've been speaking with so many
of the people here in the island and
also in the US mainland who said that
they lost close family members in the
weeks and the months after the storm
this wasn't a situation where there were
so many deaths during the actual storm
structural collapses or drowning during
the flooding this was a slow-moving
disaster because power was gone for so
long there was no access to medical care
and that's where many of these deaths
happen and as you mentioned the biggest
risks were those low income communities
and the elderly so certainly devastating
news here in Puerto Rico but it's
something that many people here expected
now gave what's the way in which I mean
they used a series of months after the
event to calculate deaths what's the
what's the rationale there that these
are people who otherwise 2975 people who
otherwise wouldn't have died if that
hurricane hadn't been there right that's
2975 excess deaths so to put the put
that in perspective they looked at from
September to February about five six
months or so you know around the time of
the storm and remember that hurricane
Irma also grazed Puerto Rico just before
hurricane Maria but during that time
this study looked at those deaths
specifically and it did something
different than other studies hadn't it
also factored in all the people that had
left Puerto Rico tens of thousands of
people and so it took that into account
and was able to come up with that number
beforehand that you had at that Harvard
study that had a wide-ranging estimates
that it could be as many as eight
thousand they zeroed in a forty six
hundred that was a household survey this
was a survey that the Puerto Rican
government had been hanging its hat on
this was highly anticipated for many
months they had room luck they had
refused really to make that death toll
higher they kept it at 64 for so long
and they were waiting on this George
Washington University report it was
commissioned by the Puerto Rican
government it cost more than three
hundred thousand dollars and not and
that's why this is so significant the
George Washington University is also
asking
for more resources to be able to look at
these numbers even closer but the bottom
line is that Governor of Puerto Rico
yesterday for the first time
acknowledged nearly 3000 people died as
a result of this disaster the deadliest
US natural disaster in more than a
hundred years and yes as you mentioned
more than 60 percent higher than
Hurricane Katrina
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
