Jonze and bob Corker who has been a big
supporter of Jeff Sessions now says his
sense is the fix is in what's gonna
happen here well this is a done deal
Jeff Sessions will not be the Attorney
General after the election it's very
clear he doesn't have support in the
Senate and obviously the president
despises so does that suggest you don't
think that the president will wait until
after investigation oh no no no he'll
he'll fire him after the election the
question the election or the
investigation I believe him after the
election I can't say for sure this is my
speech even before the results of the
malicious a man he's being the Senate is
pleading with him please don't fire him
before the election they're not going to
be able to keep him from firing him
after the election the question is I
don't believe I mean we don't know
obviously but the question is what
happens then
and as Hahn said the nominee for new
Attorney General will be required by
Democrats and Republicans to promise
that he won't shut down the
investigation oh wait let me just finish
the point quickly before he's confirmed
there will be an acting Attorney General
and Trump will want that acting Attorney
General to shut down or compromise the
investigation and the question is how
will Congress respond to that the answer
to that is the midterms in other words
if the Democrats control the House of
Representatives that acting Attorney
General will not be able to shut down
the investigation he'll be subpoenaed on
the hill and prevented from doing so if
the Republicans maintain control of the
house they will successfully shut down
the investigation what do you see no
well you know there's two things going
on there's Jeff Sessions who was this is
very sad to me because he was one of the
very first loyal supporters that came on
he could not have been a bigger fan of
Trump and his policies and stood behind
him he and his wife and his family at
forever points absolutely when he was
criticized and all through all the you
know strange things that were going on
the campaign the other thing is I feel
like Jeff Sessions and anyone that knows
him knows that he just follows the law
and I feel like he is caught in this
this horrible deal of doing what's right
doing what Trump
once doing there's two dynamics going on
but the larger the argument to be made
you know what you know I'm gone but it's
he effective and here's the thing that
I'm looking at Trump has made it clear I
don't like you I think you're bad at
your job and you've got sessions that
saying I'm just gonna stay because I
think I'm doing a great job so you have
two conflicting messages if I were
sessions I would resolve well I mean
flick ting messages but I'm not sure
Jonathan that that's also not
quantifiable you have a guy who is
enforcing zero tolerance at the at the
border for example who when the
president wanted that did that I mean
this is somebody who believes that he is
carrying out the president's agenda is
he wrong about that no not at all
and and so when Republicans like does it
matter well it when it's when you're
worried about saving your skin if you're
the president he doesn't care about
anything else
except not getting removed from office
so and not having these quite possible
crimes exposed for everybody to see so
he I thank you watching Attorney General
we didn't truck thank because that's
very Zooey's week because in the midst
of all this you've got this closed-door
meeting at the president house with
evangelicals right on Monday night
warning them that if the Republicans
lose quote they will overturn everything
we've done meaning the Democrats and
they'll do it quickly and violently and
violently there's violence when you look
at antica and you look at some of these
groups these are violent people well
that's just more despicable demagoguery
by the president the United States you
know it's one thing to say I want you to
help us hold the Congress that's that's
fine but when he starts saying they're
all Democrats are antifa all the
Democrats well somebody Noel knew once
said one of his really wanted to talk to
protesters another time not
if you beat up on protestors I'll pay
your legal bills this is a guy who's
warning against violence this is a guy
who is rallying to his base and the base
does what Donald Trump says look it
wasn't but last week that he said if I'm
not in office if I am gone that the
stock market is going to crash and we're
all going to be poor do you remember
when he said that interview yeah so that
is weird it's all running together you
can follow through on that so you have
that with the scare of the market
because as you know we are rallying at
all-time highs and everybody's very
excited about you know the explosion of
everything going good with the economy
so you have that and he's put fear into
that the second thing is he's putting
fear into the evangelical support base
it's saying everything is at risk if you
you know don't make sure that you you
know keep the House and Senate and blah
blah blah but the thing of it is this is
how he governs this is how he talks to
his base but you know what we were
talking about a minute ago I'm not
defending it but the base loves it so
what you're seeing is you're going to
see races being won because he's
rallying as well as you are the
Democrats a base and it may be different
we'll see what happens with the blue
wave but it is the base on both sides
that tend to come out in these midterm
elections that is right a lot ofa
banheart well politically he's very
shrewd it's very interesting you know he
doesn't know any of the details of
actually governing or the polity got but
in terms of the politics he is so up on
everything going on on all these
primaries and I think one norm that he
has changed maybe permanently is that
presidents in the future may decide that
they will get involved in primaries the
way he has done because it helps too it
helps them get more more power
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
