in with a shocking comment that holly
was talking about make moments ago by
Florida's Republican nominee for
governor Ron de santis in an already
dramatic and highly consequential race
he set off to fade face off against
Democratic nominee for governor
Tallahassee mayor Andrew Gilliam who is
the first African American to ever claim
that title in Florida here's what De
Santis just said about Gilliam on Fox
News how do you plan to beat him well
look I mean this is a Florida elections
are always competitive and you know this
is a guy who although he's much too too
liberal for Florida I think he's got
huge problems with how he's governed
Tallahassee you know he is an articulate
spokesman for those far left views and
he's a charismatic candidate and you
know I watched those Democrat debates
none of that it was my cup of tea but I
mean he performed better than the other
people there so so we've got to work
hard to make sure that we continue
Florida going in a good direction let's
build off the success we've had on
Governor Scott the last thing we need to
do is to monkey this up by trying to
embrace a socialist agenda with huge tax
increases and bankrupting the state that
is not going to work that's not going to
be good for Florida so I'm gonna fight
for what I believe in because I think
I'm the guy who can really lead Florida
in a good direction did you hear that
let's be clear that was a white
Republican nominee for governor using
the word monkey when talking about his
black opponent for office monkey it up
let's listen to that one more time the
last thing we need to do is to monkey
this up by trying to embrace a socialist
agenda okay
a spokesperson for De Santis tells NBC
News that De Santis is comment quote had
nothing to do with race or anything like
that and that it's something to Santa
says frequently to express something
that was messed up or not done right
let's talk this through joining me now
is NBC News political reporter Ali
Vitali who lives in Orlando also with us
Michael Hopkins communications
consultant for Democratic nominee Andrew
Gilliam and Sirius XM host Mark Thompson
welcome to all of you Ali look there are
lots of issues we're still trying to
figure out what the driving force was
that took and
Guilhem from behind to the front you
know we talked to him several weeks ago
when he was talking about his platform
which is very progressive and possibly
very appealing to people there were gun
and he got lobbyists who were or groups
that were interested in his message he
had young voters he had the support of
Bernie Sanders he had the support of Tom
Steyer he had the support of George
Soros we're not sure exactly what it is
but the fact is it is a big deal that an
african-american nominee for governor is
now going to be on the ticket in
November has there been any reaction so
far to the sentences of inelegant at
best monkey comments yeah exactly and
the campaign that DeSantis campaign did
give me that response so this is
something that he says quote frequently
and that this had nothing to do with
race but the Democratic side is saying
that this is from a Florida Democratic
Party Chairman Terry Rizzo who's saying
it's disgusting that Rhonda Sanchez is
launching his general election campaign
with racist dog whistles now I asked one
of the spokespeople on the Gilliam
campaign earlier you know what do you
think that the DeSantis campaign is
saying this and really all they said is
as we say in Tallahassee bless his heart
so I don't think they're really buying
it but this does feel a little bit like
what we've actually seen with the Trump
campaign over and over again
and I say campaign in the broader sense
that it's usually when the president is
out on the campaign trail and in my
experience having covering him on the
campaign that there have been moments of
dog whistles like this before
and then the media does exactly what
we're doing right now we break it down
on the air we try to explain to people
what all the sides are saying and then
the candidate comes back and says oh
well the media is making all the hay
about this the DeSantis campaign seems
to kind of be saying the same thing I
said well what do you think about people
who will see this as a racial dog
whistle and they said well people are
gonna make hay of it regardless but
that's not what he was talking about so
already on the first day of this race
you're seeing some of the tendencies
that we've already seen coming out of
Pennsylvania Avenue happening down here
in Florida and it's just gonna be
another another point at it in the race
as we kind of keep going forward seeing
how these candidates start shaping the
general election Ally hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and high
like you can get more MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
