I think google has really taken
advantage of a lot of people and I think
that's a very serious thing and it's a
very serious charge president Trump
wants an investigation into one of the
world's largest Internet companies his
attack on Google started this morning
with these two tweets quote Google
search results for Trump news shows only
the viewing reporting of fake news media
in other words they have it rigged for
me and others so that almost all stories
and news is bad fake CNN is prominent
Republican conservative and fair media
is shut out illegal 96% of results on
Trump news are from national left-wing
media very dangerous Google and others
are suppressing voices of conservatives
and hiding information and news that is
good they are controlling what we can
and cannot see this is a very serious
issue will be addressed and as you just
heard there it's not just Google in
Trump's crosshairs I think what Google
and what others are doing if you look at
what's going on at Twitter if you look
at what's going on in Facebook they
better be careful because you're you
can't do that to people you can't do it
we have tremendous we have literally
thousands and thousands of complaints
coming in and you just can't do that so
I think that Google and Twitter and
Facebook they're really treading on very
very troubled territory and they have to
be careful it's not fair to large
portions of the population Google fired
back in a statement saying in part
Google search is not used to set a
political agenda and we don't bias our
results toward any political ideology
all right with us with us for more on
this is Shannon petty peace White House
correspondent for Bloomberg Shannon 96%
of results of that search our liberal
according to the president I'm not sure
where he got that information from it
doesn't seem to be the result of any
meaningful study no there has not been
any meaningful study and part of the
explanation for that might be because he
considers liberal media to be
essentially all major news organizations
at this point he's talking about
NBC News CNN The Washington Post the New
York Times
BC News he's thrown in there before so
if you are talking about those are some
of the the world's biggest news
organizations certainly the biggest news
organizations in this country that has
very large reporting staffs they produce
an enormous amount of content so those
though are the organization's he's loop
loop you know lumping in together as a
liberal news organization I mean look
he's the interesting part about what the
president has to say here is that the
algorithms for for Facebook and Google
are not transparent so we don't actually
know what causes these things to come up
but apparently the president was citing
something that Lou Dobbs said that seem
to have reference to somebody who put
two computers near each other and tested
them both out I mean we really I'd
welcome a real study about how these
search results come up but two computers
isn't it well I mean I'm not an expert
in search engine optimization but
anybody who has done a Google search
probably knows that you get oftentimes
the most relevant results or get results
from a website that gets a lot of
traffic and this allegation the
president was making seems to be saying
that search engine optimization this
technology that's been around for
decades and is you know really the
backbone behind Google and Yahoo and
other search engines is somehow biased
against him personally you know that has
no merit at all and how this technology
works so I guess one of the things that
we have to think about here look I when
I searched on Google I get results that
come from Fox News and the Wall Street
Journal and even Breitbart side I don't
know what the Presidents on about here
but he did say something very
interesting it'll be dealt with or it'll
be addressed on one hand we we are
having a very active discussion about
whether Congress should be involved in
regulating social media because of some
of the problems we've seen since the
election on the other hand it seems to
sound a little different when the White
House sort of says it will be addressed
right or when the president says so you
know makes these statements in the Oval
Office and that video clip that you just
said it carries some weight with it
the White House seem to be caught
flat-footed about this today when very
early in the morning I started asking
people about it we group of us reporters
caught Larry Kudlow in the draw
Way and asked him about it he said you
know it all he would say is it's
something we're looking into in fact let
me let me have somewhere that I got that
for you that this is Larry Larry Kudlow
talking about Google does the president
believe or does the administration feel
that there needs to be some form of
regulation for Google or what exactly
was the president referring to but you
know we're taking a look at what you
know it's the president that that idea
originated in a story on Russian media
during the campaign that's been
discredited which media censoring search
results above my paygrade the bow is
pretty good I guess it may be about both
of our pay grades well he is chief
economic advisor so I think the only
person above his pay grade is the
president he did go on to say also that
this vague thing about we're doing some
investigations and analyses no one else
in the White House seemed to know what
was going on so it was certainly another
instance in its are reporting indicates
where the president caught his staff
blindsided but like we saw I mean with
these other accusations in the past like
you know millions of illegal votes
sometimes the White House ends up having
to now create some investigation to
support a claim that the president made
based off of a news article that someone
shared with him or something that he
heard late at night on TV Shannon I
never like to not take advantage of the
fact that you like me have a background
in economics reporting the president has
been touting this deal with Mexico he
said he's not it's not gonna be NAFTA
anymore it's going to be the US Mexican
trade agreement assumed to but a lot of
people including the Mexican president
seemed to think the Canada needs to be
involved in this Canada I know has its
representatives in Washington this week
and everybody's trying to hammer out a
deal by Friday where do you think we
stand with this I don't we did not get
any indications that any significant
progress was made today based on our
reporting yeah the Canadians have really
dug in their deals here their heels here
and then as a surprise because a year
ago most of us reporters covering this
thought Mexico would be the difficult
partner to negotiate with and
has been surprising to see how far apart
Trudeau and this White House have become
over this issue of course yes unique
candidate to be in part of this Canada
is the us's biggest trading partner I
mean and when you go to some of these
states like Michigan swing states Ohio
Minnesota that you know do a lot of
interstate commerce or in on the
interstate international commerce
between the US and Canada
those states are the where this is going
to be felt the most if a deal between
Canada and the US falls apart
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
