thing once a night Donald Trump is no
student of history or of anything else
really but you'd think the president's
would have the details of the American
flag pretty much committed to memory 50
stars 13 stripes
I mean he's surrounded by them all the
time every day in the office there's one
there right behind his desk on the road
he likes big giant ones behind him at
rallies he's even been known to cuddle
with them from time to time oh he
certainly spends a lot of time worrying
whether NFL players respect said flag
and he wears one on his lapel every
single day for goodness sake so knowing
all of that why oh why are we looking
photo the prezi night seats
coloring in a picture of the American
flag like this that's thing too in 60
seconds
everybody here in America knows what the
American flag looks like and can
probably draw the thing from memory we
hear it all in no almost eight-year-olds
who can pretty much nail it so how on
earth do you explain this this is a real
photo a real one tweeted out by the
Secretary of Health and Human Services
showing Donald Trump coloring with
children at a hospital in Ohio and if
you look closely it sure appears the
president has colored in his flag with a
blue stripe another image the moment was
floating around the internet purporting
to show further proof Trump holding the
actual blue marker a speculation ran
rampant could this possibly be real
wasn't photoshopped could Trump have
been trying to draw the Russian flag
snopes.com even got on the case they
ruled the situation unproven but the
thing one thing two research team did
some snooping of our own on the White
House YouTube page let's go to the
videotape
would you look at that the president is
holding a marker but it's brown for the
brown stripe American Fleck of course
it's right below the blue one mystery
solved this is our new flag now America
we're still looking but if anyone is
evidence of Trump's finished drawing
please do tweet us to us with the
hashtag inners hey there are Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
