there is new reporting from The
Washington Post this hour Donald Trump
again reviving the idea potentially
firing Jeff sessions to get more control
over the Miller probe and earlier this
morning wow you can see how Republican
Senator Lindsey Graham may have known
something about this look at him talking
about their relationship we need an
attorney general that can work with the
president that can lead the Department
of Justice this relationship is beyond
repair I think but Senator Graham I mean
the only beef the president seems to
have against him is that he's not going
to get rid of the investigation why
don't you president finish the second
part is much deeper than that what else
what are we missing well we won't say on
this show but it's a it's a pretty deep
breach a secret deep breach it's not
just you have sessions Trump of course
has gone after Comey McCabe Bruce or who
was testifying today there's a federal
prosecutor who's seen Donald Trump's
attacks in the DOJ long before this
fight tonight she is live on the beat
exclusively at least cold weather
deposed Trump in a DoD steel Jay suit
over housing discrimination in 1973 and
she said even then Trump showed a total
lack of respect for prosecutors this was
a landmark moment in his real estate
career was the first federal suit he
faced the first time his name even
appeared in the New York Times when
Trump was calling the case ridiculous
the goal whoever seemed got him
ultimately to enter a consent decree
promising not to discriminate and rent
to tenants regardless of race joining me
now is that very prosecutor at least
Gould Webber hi hi did you ever think
the person you were suing then to
prevent discrimination would become
president never that he would become
president how do you see in the echoes
today well it's so much that he's was so
the same even when he was 27 28 years
old when we started the case he was
represented by Roy Cohen from the army
McCarthy hearings and that was his
attorney and the first thing that they
did was to sue the government the
Justice Department for a hundred million
dollars well you can't sue the
government
for a hundred million dollars and it was
very you know very exciting we had a big
developer not so much Donald Moore his
father who owned what was called Trump
Village in Brooklyn which was a huge
housing unit and basically what happened
at Trump Village is that if a person of
color came to look for an apartment they
would be told there were no apartments
available and a Fair Housing Group had
said a group of testers white and people
of color to come in and the white people
were offered apartments the people of
color we're told there were no vacancies
or that they could go and look at
apartments at patio gardens or El Patio
which within a neighborhood that was a
neighborhood of color so what do you
think you achieved through that suit I
mean in a sense the decree means that
the DOJ won but he also learned that it
does pay to fight back really hard if
you have no scruples well I don't think
it paid for him so much it became the
largest consent decree for any housing
discriminator in the country and we
tried to bring cases all across the
country out of main justice for housing
discrimination so he he always put it
down and said it was you know nothing
but it did change the way they could
rent apartments at Trump Village and at
other buildings in Brooklyn I want to
read from something that Trump's team
said about the lawyer who ultimately
replaced you miss Gould Webb was
replaced by Donna F Goldstein and the
quote turned it into a Gestapo like
interrogation which is rather a
provocative and discriminatory way to
refer to a Jewish lawyer as the Gestapo
what did those tactics mean in New York
or you wouldn't think that's a way to
endear yourself to this city no no and
it was a really terrible thing and there
was a hearing in court where Miss
Goldstein testified and they said there
was no the judge found judge Mayer found
that there was no bad interrogation
technique
and everything that he said was not true
do you try to make that attack against
him do you think he will ultimately try
to fire Jeff Sessions and do you think
he'll serve out a full term I don't
think he'll serve out a full term but I
don't know what's gonna happen after the
midterm elections and if he can he will
but you you see him as the same
rambunctious 28 year old that you faced
off against that's what's so jarring is
that I have watched his career over the
last 40 years and what's always struck
me even before he started to run in the
presidential primary is that he was so
the same as he was when he was 27 28
yeah hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
