on a breaking story within the last hour
the Washington Post revealing that quote
president Trump has privately revived
the idea of firing Attorney General Jeff
Sessions in conversations with his aides
impersonal lawyers this month according
to three people familiar with the
discussions however quote his attorneys
concluded that they have persuaded him
for now not to make such a move while
the Special Counsel investigation is
ongoing as the president has made clear
through his recent tweets attacking his
Attorney General he believes
seson sessions should have protected him
from the Russia investigation and now
two sources appear to confirm to the
post that the president wants to fire
sessions because of the Russia
investigation quote at least twice this
month Trump vented to White House
advisors and his lawyers about the
endless investigation of his campaign
and said he needs to fire sessions for
saddling his presidency with the
controversy joining me now Susan TUPP
her co Republican strategist Glenn
Kirchner a former federal prosecutor in
Robert Costa national political reporter
at The Washington Post Robert let me
start with you just on exactly what we
know here so the president he is saying
that the basis for this desire to have
sessions out would be that he basically
blamed sessions for there being a Russia
investigation in the first place based
on the Post reporting over the past
month it's been a hot August inside of
this White House as the president has
spoken to his attorneys he's considered
pardoning Paul Manafort who's on federal
trial and about to start in Washington
DC was just someone in Virginia he's
also banding around the idea of getting
rid of his Attorney General someone he's
been frustrated with for a long period
for now as lawyers are the ones keeping
them away from the edge but they can
only do that for so long explaining to
him that you may want to get rid of this
probe but it could be considered
obstruction of justice if you take
action yeah I mean if you could
elaborate on that when the reporting
says that for now they feel they've
talked to him away from how confident
are they that they've tamped it down for
the for the near future
everybody's talking to the president
Lindsey Graham the senator from South
Carolina is one of them on the golf
course Rudy Giuliani with the President
on the phone they're all telling the
president based on my reporting that if
you wait until Mahler issues his report
that he finishes report on the
president's conduct even if the
president doesn't do an interview that's
the time you can get rid of the Attorney
general you can make a change but not
before then Glenn what about that Robert
mentions the possibility they're saying
that the president being counselled that
to move on sessions now for these
reasons there might be an exposure there
on this question of obstruction of
justice and also apparently the
president being told wait till after the
Moller report then the issue goes away
what do you make of that that reasoning
from from Trump's lawyers well you know
Steve when I looked at this evening's
reporting from the Washington Post there
were two things that struck me one was
the president's take on this which is
that Jeff Sessions is saddling his
presidency with controversy which is I
think a strange way to look at it I
think it's the president and his
associates and his family members
conduct that has saddled this presidency
with controversy and then the second
thing that struck me was when even his
lawyers are reported to be telling him
that look if you fired Jeff Sessions mr.
Muller may very well view that as
obstruction you know it's it's
interesting but usually when we're
handling obstruction cases we can prove
up the conduct but you know there's
actually a jury instruction that a judge
gives in every case that says you have
no way of looking into the human mind to
determine what somebody's intent and
motive is so you usually have to infer
it from their conduct here it's it's
sort of backwards because the president
has been announcing his conduct his
intent over and over again which
arguably is to obstruct justice by
firing or pardoning various people and
you know I think if he actually takes
this action and fires attorney general
sessions that is an obstruction charge
that will write itself well Senator
Lindsey Graham as we mentioned a minute
ago he said today that the relationship
between Trump and sessions is beyond
repair
we need an attorney general that can
work with the president that can lead
the department justice this relationship
is beyond repair I think but Senator
Graham I mean the only beef the
president seems to have against him is
that he's not going to get rid of the
investigation
why don't you President when I finish
the second part it's much deeper than
that what else what are we missing well
we won't say on this show but it's a
it's a pretty deep breach later in the
day when
about his ominous reference to a deep
breach between the president and his
attorney general Graham said he wasn't
referring to anything in particular can
you tell me what you were alluding to
this morning this breached between the
president and the Attorney General T
let's know one thing it's just a series
of things I mean I was telling these
other folks that the immigration issue
is sort of a debacle it's just that I
see a relationship that seems to be
deteriorating by the minute and we need
an attorney general that has the
confidence of the president but you
don't got to get a new attorney general
unless they're highly qualified and
we'll let them all or do his job that's
sort of the deal hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
