news-breaking today federal prosecutors
are indicted a Russian national for
interfering in this election the one in
18 days now if that sounds like a new
and significant development it is here's
why very simply first this is the first
criminal charges for election
interference in 2018 you're hearing that
right what you're seeing on your screen
this is happening
second the defendant a Russian named
Elana Cuccia Innova has links to Putin
and was posing as an American to try to
trick voters here in our country third
this ongoing effort doesn't just repeat
2016 tactics with those attacks on
American politicians it also includes
attacks on the very probe into those
2016 tactics with public criticism
designed to trick Americans into having
trust issues you might say with Bob
Muller we'll get into that in a moment
the new charges come from Maine Justice
the DOJ not the special counsel and the
charges are of sowing division and
discord in the US political system
creating an amplifying device of social
media and political content and trying
to elect her to feed particular
candidates that part echos what we've
seen before and I want to be clear as we
unpack all of this there are no
indications in this new filing that this
particular effort has links to American
collusion or Trump to be certain but
having said that I want you to look and
know how this strategy that has been
uncovered today plays so clearly off
Donald Trump's rhetoric because the feds
are charging that this effort was trying
to hype up scandals of robert muller
telling americans he's a puppet of the
establishment who's damaging to the
country with quote proven connections to
the u.s. democratic party Moeller of
course is a republican who rose in
republican administrations before a
stint in the obama administration of
this russian effort a blatant remix of
Donald Trump's material mr. Muller has a
lot of conflicts also directly yourself
so you know that mr. Muller is highly
conflicted I can say that the people
that have been hired at all
Hilary Clinton supporters some of them
worked for Hillary Clinton I mean the
whole thing is ridiculous they call it
the rigged witch hunt I think that
really hurts our country and it really
hurts our relationship with Russia
so that is big the DOJ moving forward on
these 2018 election charges meanwhile
there's a related scene playing out
today in a courtroom and Alexander
Virginia where molars investigation into
the 2016 campaign continued with its
most high-profile guilty convict Paul
Manafort arriving at this hearing in a
wheelchair that's the first time we've
seen that reporters noted he was wearing
only a left shoe that he looked visibly
grayer he was in his green prison
jumpsuit with the words Alexandria
inmate on the back and the judge was
dismissing those ten deadlocked counts
from his first trial setting a new
sentence date for February 8th which
means that Bob Muller has plenty more
time to talk to Manta Ford he is
cooperating pursuant to his guilty plea
and also look at this The Wall Street
Journal today reporting Muller is
probing WikiLeaks contacts with
conservative activists meanwhile former
Trump fixer Michael Cohen who's been
talking to Muller had this to say about
the stakes of the upcoming election
here's my recommendation
grab your family grab your friends grab
your neighbors get to the pole because
if not you didn't have another two or
another six years of this craziness so
make sure you vote make sure you vote
two to six years of crazy let's break it
down congressman ted Lieu from the
Judiciary Committee is here on set with
me NBC News analyst Howard Fineman who's
been covering this story and has some
new reporting about Roger stone and the
daily beats Betty Woodruff who as always
is all over the Russia probe my thanks
to all of you for being here
Congressman Lou Americans watching would
be permitted for wondering what did I
just hear why does this keep happening
what does it mean when you look up on
the news going into the midterms and
people are being indicted in real time
and it's until proven guilty but
indicted for new meddling
I think this indictment of the Russian
operative is significant for at least
three reasons first it's not just
Russian interference in our elections in
2016 it's now in 2018 second this was
not a small operation based on public
reporting we're talking about at least
35 million dollars and this is one of
many operations that Kremlin engages in
and third I think what's interesting is
you have the department justice the head
of the FBI putting country over party
clearly this is not a topic Donald Trump
wants to talk about but yet you have
these Trump officials putting this out
before American people because they
realize that interference in elections
is so important which you view is a
positive at a time when we're told so
many things aren't working you view that
as working and this would be a kind of
potential exception to the attempt not
just by the Special Counsel but DOJ writ
large to stay quiet before the midterms
which you can't be quiet about an
ongoing effort if you think it's illegal
and is designed to subvert the midterms
that's correct so there's what Donald
Trump thinks and then what everybody
else thinks and in his administration
they realize the Russians threat to our
elections is real they're trying to stop
it and they want to warn Americans that
that Facebook post or Twitter post you
see may be coming from the Kremlin not
from someone down the street
Betsy Woodruff how do you view this in
the context of the wider reporting you
do on the Russia probe as always we can
talk about the caveats nothing here
about
collusion and nothing here that
ballparks the scale of this any crime
any single crime is bad crimes that have
mass impact are worse
but with those caveat said how do you
view this and what does it say about
what the DOJ is doing the important
thing to remember that this new
indictment highlights but which we knew
before is that Russian meddling didn't
stop on Election Day 2016 the Russians
had been endeavoring to influence
American politics prior to the 2016
election they dramatically amped up that
activity during 2016 election and they
kept it going in the subsequent months
and now as this indictment indicates in
the subsequent years that's because the
Russians project based on everything we
know both what the intelligence
community is found what reporters have
found what we understand from talking to
people who are close to to the Kremlin
who understand the way that Kremlin
works is that the project wasn't solely
or even simply trying to get Trump
elected but broadly trying to show a
lack of confidence trying to undermine
confidence and faith in American
democratic institutions one of the top
priorities of Putin and his government
is making democracies around the world
sort of doubt their competence doubt the
integrity of their governments we see
this not just in the United States but
in the Baltics in Ukraine in Georgia
throughout Eastern Europe and other
countries that are in Russia's sphere of
influence so it shouldn't surprise
anyone that this Malaya activity has
been continuing and frankly we should
expect to see these efforts from the
Russians continue honestly for years to
come before I turned it to Howard and
turning the page to Roger stone
congressman I want to ask you about one
more piece of this which is with foreign
crimes you always have the gavel which
is what our justice system can do and
the hammer which is the full foreign
policy power of the United States and so
moving apart from the DOJ the wider
concern here is that as Betsy said this
will continue but it will continue even
more aggressively if there is a view
that the United States under Donald
Trump never uses the hammer on Russia I
want you to take a look at something
Frank for gluey who has a lot of
experience in this said in response to
not the old indictments with the new
stuff take a look
Maiki anime they continue to do it
because they feel they have impunity
they feel that there's a president here
that's not going to call them out on it
he's not stopping them we've had over
two dozen Russians and Russian
intelligence officers indicted for
meddling for hacking for social
propaganda
we've tied it directly to at least the
kernel level of the Russian GRU and yet
our president does not come out and call
them out on it and demand that they stop
do you think Frank's right that the
president not ever using the hammer is
basically provocative and brings these
attacks on us he is absolutely right
there was bipartisan outrage when Donald
Trump Cowtown in front of Vladimir Putin
at the Helsinki summit but what the
Russians see from that is that the
president ID States is not going to do
very much against the Russians for
meddling in our elections when Donald
Trump keeps saying this is a hoax this
is a witch-hunt that just incentivizes
the Russians to keep trying to attack us
and that's why they've been so brazen
and I'm pleased that at least that the
apartment justice officials under Donald
Trump see this differently they're gonna
go after these Russians and try to do
what they can to stop this meddling and
while that's going on Howard the Russia
probe continues the investigations the
reporting we had this week that man of
Ford who was as I mentioned in court
today is being asked about Roger stone
and and walk us through what what you
know from your reporting their history
their relationship and what you heard
from mr. stone today right well before I
get to that if you don't mind for one
quick second I would say to bring it
back to the United States not just the
Ukraine and Baltic Balkans and so forth
what we're seeing here every time I
think I've seen everything I see
something new in this what what's
happening here is the offshoring of
obstruction of justice by interfering in
the Muller probe the Russians are
basically doing the administration's
bidding in terms of trying to obstruct
Chuck's justice and that's amazing and
not to mention the fact that the same
money guy in Russia who was behind the
2016 efforts apparently is also the guy
behind the activities that were indicted
that we're that led to the indictment
today as for Roger stone and Paul
Manafort they've known each other since
the 70s literally they've
on again off again relationship
personally but they basically been
allies in terms of politics and money
for all that time if if if there's
anybody on the planet who can explain
Roger stone its Paul Manafort
Paul Manafort has spent 50 to 60 hours
at least talking to the investigators at
least partly I'm assuming about about
about Roger stone and don't forget Roger
stone indicated seemed indicated that he
had some advanced knowledge of what was
coming down about the emails Roger stone
has flatly denied that in a way over and
over again but he also sent me a text
today when I asked him about it that I
thought was interestingly and carefully
worded he said man affort knows nothing
whatsoever to contradict what I have
said previously there is no collusion
etc and the fact that he said that man
affort knows nothing to contradict what
I have said sounds to me at least a
little bit carefully worded here and and
and and really one could argue that
Donald Trump himself was inviting
publicly the Russians to interfere and I
think that's in the famous statement
that he made about how you know please
Russia if you've got those emails let's
see the emails that to me and I think
probably in Muller's mind in and of
itself is evidence of collusion and if
anybody would know about that it would
be Roger stone and so Howard that you
talk about their link the director of
get me Roger stone who obviously picked
up on a very newsworthy subject and in
his profile was on the beat last night
talking about how it was Roger who
elevated Manta fort and be careful what
you wish for take a look Ron eclis even
though this was man affords opportunity
to get back on the national stage in a
extremely important role it ultimately
has proven to be as undoing you've done
some hard reporting there I'd like you
to do some soft speculation if you're
willing it is television yes what is
going through Donald Trump's mind as he
thinks about these two people one being
wheeled into a courthouse today with Bob
Muller control
in his future the other on the outside
still talking tough mr. stone
and what they know well I was covering
the campaign when mana Ford came into
the picture I think it's probably fair
to say that Roger stone had something
not not not definitive power but had
some role in in in suggesting that Paul
Manafort would be a good guy to run the
campaign at that time when Roger did
that you know he knew that he was going
to get a guy in power there in the
campaign that he Roger stone had worked
with on and off for 40 years so I think
that's a relationship that's got to be
one of the things that Muller is looking
at very carefully as you said Roger
stone flatly denies that he had any
involvement in any kind of collusion and
so forth but it's Bob Muller's job and
his assignment to pick apart every
detail to set up the timeline to figure
out what Roger knew when he no knew it
and I think that is going to be more
important in the long run than perhaps
we might have thought at the very
beginning
Betsie final thought on all the above
the important thing to remember with the
Moller probe is that it's simultaneously
a criminal investigation and a
counterintelligence investigation there
are two different silos as these
indictments come out and if any future
molar indictments come out they will
cast significant light on the ways the
Russians tried to influence the election
process in 2016
however Moeller is also gathering an
enormous amount of information that will
never see the light of day because it's
going to be related to the wing of the
United States monitors foreign espionage
much of it's going to be highly
classified so as people are trying to
make sense of the probe and to figure
out what impact it will have on American
politics going forward everything we
know from Muller's team is very much
gonna be the tip of the iceberg hey I'm
already Melvin from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
