welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
how unfair President Trump claims search
engines and the media are to him today
the president tweeted Google search
results for Trump news shows only the
viewing reporting of fake news media in
other words they have it rigged for me
and others so that almost all stories
and news is bad fake CNN as prominent
Republican conservative and fair media's
shut out illegal 96% of results of Trump
news are from national left-wing media
very dangerous well not sure we got that
percentage but it's a good point mr.
president the search engines are
focusing on media sites that fail to
report good Trump news and this failure
doesn't stop with you for instance
Google the Cleveland Browns and all
you'll get are stories about them losing
32 times over the past two years we in
the crazy news media have reported on
games played by the brats and only once
did the fake news media report in good
news that the Browns exit one a game
every other time we reported on the
Cleveland Browns we were reporting
they're losing
is that fair gets worse for those of you
old enough to remember the end of the
Vietnam War Google April of 1975 and
you'll see pictures and stories of the
communist north over running Saigon
where are the stories of the south over
running Hanoi as if it never happened so
yes mr. president we admit it
Google is failing and so are we we fail
to report how you were right when as you
told us you eliminated forever the
nuclear threat from North Korea
that's done and just this weekend with
the death of John McCain we failed to
report the following if you quickly
raised the American flag at the White
House
you must have lowered it at some point
right so we hear you mr. president if
most of the stories about you and the
media seem negative to you there must be
something wrong with us it's got to be
us what other possible explanation could
it be hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you
YouTube subscribe now
