Serena welcome back to New York I mean I
like to say New Yorkers go big you go
bigger this week alone your daughter
turns one and the u.s. open starts it's
been an amazing year having the baby and
then coming back and it's so special to
have Olympia turn one soon you know
maybe I'll be playing on that day and
I'll just have those memories of being
in the hospital and giving birth to my
daughter I'm caught a comeback you very
eloquently stole a line from LL Cool J
and said don't call it a comeback I was
gone obviously and technically I guess
it is a comeback if you break it down
but for me I was always there mentally I
always you know it was watching and
being a part of it and I never wanted to
hang up my racket at that point so I'm
just still trying to compete and win
grand slams and most of all do it why
have a daughter
does it show how tough people are on
women I'm guessing when your husband
went back to work after Olympia was born
no one called to come back to her for
him he just wanted back to work exactly
right isn't that isn't that weird but it
is true no one called his work to come
back and he had to take time off too and
women definitely have a double standard
and so many different things so for you
is it more important to win as a mother
than it was before because you've got
even more doubters you know it's hard to
say it's hard to say I am for me I want
to win whether I'm a mom or not
obviously I want to win while having
Olympia and say that one day I'll tell
it that you know she was born and I
still kept winning but at the same time
I don't have to win another match in my
whole life I've done so much in my
career and right now I want to just
focus on it and having fun out there and
ironically enough that's when I started
to play my best tennis most of us would
have guessed given your training and
travel schedule you would not have your
baby by your side but you have and
you're not taking it as a burden you're
taking it as a gift I am taking it as a
gift we've spent every day together
since she's been born and I work around
her but I'm really fortunate a lot of
women don't have that opportunity but I
feel that since I do and I can kind of
do my own schedule that
I want to have spend that time with my
baby as well sometimes you worry that
you're not going to be a good mom all of
us have that fear but with you
everything you've ever done you're
excellent at it's about peak performance
but when it comes to motherhood
there's no titles there's no manual
who's guiding you through this what's
interesting I have my mom she's had five
kids and so that's really cool but what
I think is super interesting is the fact
that I'm relying on everyone else I
think in this age of social media it
presents a different opportunity so when
I'm feeling down I'm feeling stressed I
literally will write about it and I get
the most impressive feedback and help
and I feel like I'm getting so much help
from all the moms and dads by the way
and parents out there like when I missed
Olympia is walking I posted about it and
so many parents wrote in and said don't
worry about it I missed it too and I
didn't realize that it was almost more
normal to miss it than to make it here
you are at the US Open with so many
people rooting for you but do you ever
worry that sharing this much only gives
a narrative to the critics who want to
doubt you I don't feel like you know I'm
doing too much and giving critics a
narrative in fact I love critics I feel
like you need the good and need the bad
you know Superman needs Lex Luthor
so probably wouldn't be a show to watch
so I feel like that's super important to
have and that's how I look at it and
someone once told me Billie Jean King
that pressure pressure is a privilege
and I'm in a position where I feel that
weight on my shoulder is actually a
privilege for me so before we go what do
you want to say to New York to the world
we know you return to the court for
Wimbledon but now you're back on US soil
well this is just the beginning and for
like every new mom out there it's this
is the beginning of a new life and
that's how I feel this is the beginning
for a new career for me and yeah it's
weird that I say that in tennis but it
is I'm not gonna be gone athlete in the
open I'm gonna be in the next Grand Slam
and the next and the next and the next
and the next it's just it's just gonna
keep going and so yeah I'm going for
this one but if not there's there's one
energy anywhere and there's four more
and
we ate more and so for me it's just this
is just the beginning of my of my
playing but don't call it a comeback
Jimbo
Sarina thank you thank you hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
