the Democratic National Committee news
on this interesting front - they voted
this weekend to dramatically reduce the
power and influence of super-delegates
in the party's presidential nomination
process that overcame objections from a
vocal minority of the DNC's membership
the change will prohibit super-delegates
from voting for a nominee at the
Democratic convention unless the process
becomes deadlocked in other words they
don't vote on the first ballot DNC
chairman Tom Perez called the historic
day called it a historic day for the
Democratic Party saying quote we passed
major reforms that will not only put our
next presidential nominee in the
strongest position possible but will
help us elect Democrats up and down the
ballot
I'm fascinated by this the
super-delegates started in 1984 every
time you've started to get a close
Democratic race which has happened a few
times since then you hear the complaints
about you know the will of the people is
going to be subverted by the
super-delegates we've never actually had
the deadlock scenario in the super
delegate era I'm wondering them looking
at this Democratic field for 2020 saying
if there's a 20 people out there it
doesn't seem crazy 20 Democrats out
there running is this gonna be the one
cycle when you actually need the
super-delegates you need somebody to
break a tie well I'm not sure what I do
know is this in the 2016 election there
was grumbling that the process was
rigged because most folks said that
Hillary Clinton was way ahead because
many of the super-delegates had already
committed before one vote was cast the
second thing we would say is that I
would say is this is that young voters
young Democratic voters the folks who
are out there in Virginia who were out
there in Alabama the folks who were
organizing knocking on doors there's a
deep since there was at least a deep
suspicion and skepticism about the
super-delegates if they did not make a
change that skepticism would have
deepened even more and they need those
foot soldiers they need them to turn
yeah arguing for the idea of you know
everybody's got a stake in democracy
everybody's got a role every reason to
vote it's a hard thing to sell from that
angle but again I'm looking at it and
you could always say like you'll go
broke betting on the the brokered
convention it ever actually happens I'm
actually looking ahead to 2020 possible
exactly exactly look these were these
were huge performs Tom Perez
you know I commend him for his
leadership on this um there was
obviously a lot of resistance but this
is a way to unify the party here and
make it clearer to all the Democratic
voters out there and even those who are
not part of the Democratic Party but who
were hoping to pull in Independence
college-educated Republican women going
into 2020 to say you know what the party
activists the parties stalwarts we're
not going to be the one we're not going
to be the ones making this decision
decision now we know I get in 2016
super-delegates did not make the
decision of course but there was a
perception out there a misperception but
there was still a perception out there
that they had undue influence and this
is completely ridding our party going 29
here's the plate if you got a scenario
here where you know candidate a has got
you know sixteen hundred delegates
candidate B's got fifteen fifty and the
magic numbers two thousand and they
don't nobody wins it on the first ballot
and then suddenly now they introduce
this flood of super delegates in the
winning margin coming with that in this
day and age would that outcome be and
III was on Hillary Clinton's 2008
campaign and part of my job in the last
few months of the campaign was to corral
super-delegates to support her so you
know again in this in this scenario we
have not had a scenario like this and
God knows how long that we may have a
typical Aidid what the GOP primary went
through in 2016 with that many
candidates so but again at the same time
that is irrelevant to me what matters is
that Tom Perez is showing that he is
bringing the party together
he is unifying this is very important to
get the Bernie Sanders supporters to
come back into the fold and to support
Tom Perez chairman and also to be
feeling that they are and includes a
part of the democratic cuz I do feel
Noel to there's a bit of a lesson in the
Republican side they don't have
super-delegates but we talked so much in
2016 remember the unpledged delegates
and there was that idea for a while the
Republican establishment if they could
keep Trump just below that magic number
they could override it with that and it
seemed like there there was a lesson
there of Republicans theoretically
having some power to at least make it
difficult for Trump but resisting
because they said they didn't they
didn't they feared the idea that their
voters wouldn't accept hell yeah and it
breeds it's a culture of corruption I
mean with these delegates it you know it
is it what to your point the smooth you
know the schmoozing the things that you
have to do it's almost as like that you
know they're one is trying to bribe more
and try to do this it is really a
corrupt
I think that's an outdated process it
just really is so I mean hats off to you
that you had to do that it's it's it's
tough it really is I just think it
breeds it's just a slimy part of the
election process of us just this Eddie
does this you talk about those those
Bernie voters those young folks in
particular that was where the noise was
coming from money's in twenty six but
does this does that does this bring
peace to the there's one huge step
towards peace right the idea that the
super the super-delegates these folks
who are politicians folks who are
sieved to be in the pocket of Wall
Street these folks who are who behind
closed doors were making decisions
before what voters cast right these folk
are objects of skepticism they are the
Republican light folks is some some of
the activists believe and if these folks
are gonna be on the ground that is the
young folk if they're gonna be on the
ground working hard for the Democratic
Party working hard for a progressive
agenda
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
