a lot going on right now the breaking
news tonight is that Paul Manafort
reportedly sought a plea deal for the
upcoming trial in Washington there's
also fallout from Michael Cohen's own
guilty plea tonight that dramatic plea
by the president's former lawyer
implicates the president in a campaign
crime that makes stormy Daniels a
witness to that crime and now she says
she'd be happy to testify about it to
Congress and because the Cohen criminal
case is resolved that also removes a
maneuver that Cohen was using to try to
duct depositions in remember the
original civil case with stormy Daniels
and now her attorney Michael avenatti
says Cohen and Trump must go ahead and
sit for depositions in that case Michael
avenatti joins me live right now he's
been exploring a run for president
against Donald Trump now Michael you
have previously argued that this tactic
in court by Cohen was not going to deter
you from going forward with this case
and that has now become apparent take a
look we're gonna see this to conclusion
whether it's next week next month next
year no matter how long it takes we're
not going away to quote the court that
there are gaping holes in the
application by mr. Cohen and mr. Trump
to delay this matter it has always been
our intention to make sure that this
case proceeded expeditiously there you
were making that argument sir explain to
us why Michael Cohen pleading makes in
your view depositions of both him and
the president more likely well Ari
good evening we've had an application on
file with the court since April to take
those depositions the court has delayed
ruling on the application because
Michael Cohen and his counsel and Donald
Trump asked for the stay in the case
basically for the case to be paused
pending the criminal investigation well
as your viewers all know the
investigation ended last week at least
as it relates to Michael Cohen he pled
guilty to eight counts one count going
directly to the allegations in our
complaint we have a hearing now on
September 10th we're going to ask that
the stay be lifted and
the Court Rule immediately on our
application to depose michael cohen and
donald trump forthwith and what do you
see is the value to the case many people
in the country would be interested in
that as you well know but what is the
value to the case of getting the present
under oath if by this time much of this
has already come out Michael Cohen has
pled to there being a campaign crime and
it doesn't seem there's much doubt left
about the underlying relationship well
there's significant doubt left well at
least not in my mind there's doubt but
we want to prove by way of testimony and
evidence are exactly what Donald Trump
knew what he did about it how he
conspired with Michael Cohen to cover it
up how the payments were made there's
many many details and facts that have
yet to be disclosed to the American
people all of which go directly to the
allegations in our complaint I mean
Michael Cohen statements in open court
certainly were very helpful to our case
certainly disclosed some general
information to the American public but
we want to know the details of exactly
what happened and more importantly we
want to show that Donald Trump was
complicit in this conduct and how he
should face significant liability for
the conduct if if Michael Cohen
confesses that the payment distort
McDaniels was a crime couldn't you argue
that just voids the whole contract and
end the case well I think you could
argue that but Don we don't know that
Donald Trump will go along with that in
fact it appears that he's going to fight
that and he's going to claim that
Michael Cohen's lying that Michael
Cohen's not credible which furthers our
effort to depose the president under
oath and get his testimony on these
subjects under oath now while I have you
you are known to some as a reasonably
effective lawyer is that fair to say
sometimes yeah
so we wonder what your legal view is of
another potential adversary of yours at
least someone is more on the other side
of all this Palmeiro for who is you know
like Michael Cohen faces tremendous
press
and it would appear from this new Wall
Street Journal report tonight the
pressure of some kind is getting to him
your view of that does that surprise you
do you think will be wise for Paul
Manafort as a legal matter to plead in
the DC case your reaction well I think
it would be wise but re the problem is
you know these players are waiting too
long in the game to come to their senses
I mean I think we saw that with Michael
Cohen I was stating months ago that he
should be making a beeline to the US
Attorney's Office and cutting a deal I
think I first said that back in March or
April or in April I should say you know
he was late to the party and now you
have Paul Manafort who allowed a jury to
come back with a verdict in Virginia
before he could is cutting a deal with
Muller and others I mean that's a
mistake I don't know that he's in a very
good leverage position I'm negotiating
position in light of the verdict so how
do you explain it he has a law degree
from Georgetown plenty good school he
waited until as you say the jury
deliberation to discuss these plea
potentials as the Wall Street Journal
reporter was explained to us just
moments ago on this news story how do
you explain it ego well I think it's ego
he overplayed his hand you know and I've
been doing this for nearly two decades
and rationality does not always rule the
day and I think that I think it was ego
and I think that he thought he had a
better defense case than he did and now
he's at a very difficult spot I mean if
you're Bob Muller why are you going to
give this guy much credence or why are
you going to cut a deal with him in
light of the verdict you just got in
Virginia right I also have to ask you
about something you were just reported
saying you've been going around raising
a lot of speculation about a potential
bid for public office here we have you
speaking to The Hollywood Reporter and
saying people in Hollywood have been
very encouraging and excited about the
prospect of you running for president in
2020 do you see yourself first and
foremost as the candidate of Hollywood
no no not at all Ari I mean I think the
support in Los Angeles have has
obviously been good but I'm I'm hanging
my hat more on the support that I've
received in Iowa two trips to that state
Ohio two trips there Florida
Hampshire Pennsylvania I've been very
flattered and humbled by the out point
of support in enthusiasm for my
potential candidacy I haven't decided
what I'm gonna do yet but what I do know
is this in the event that Donald Trump
is still in office in 2020 the Democrats
better nominate a fighter in somebody
that is engaged and can engage in a
brutal cage match because we've got a
lot at stake in this country well let me
close with one more tough question I
know you can handle the tough questions
what do you say to critics who look at
these developments and hear you talking
about Iowa and think okay did you just
want to be on TV in order to run for
president or are you gonna keep running
for president potentially to stay on TV
no my TV appearances have had nothing to
do with a potential run for the
presidency re and in fact I think if you
look at last week's developments in the
michael cohen case it's tough to argue
with the approach that we've utilized
over the last five to six months i think
it's worked incredibly well and a lot of
the critics appear to have disappeared
since that plea agreement with michael
cohen and i predict that when we get the
deposition of michael cohen and donald
trump we're gonna hear more crickets
from those critics well it's it's an
interesting framework you provide you
were the lawyer stormy Daniels is your
client Michael Cohen was a lawyer he's
pled guilty Donald Trump was his client
and so we can continue to publicly track
how the two of you and the two of them
are doing and judge the legal strategies
accordingly Michael have a knotty
appreciate you coming on the beat thanks
Ari
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
