as we wait to learn more about the
Jacksonville shooter where he got his
gun and how he got it from Maryland to
Florida it is worth looking at the gun
laws in Florida Florida does not require
a permit to purchase rifles or handguns
it does not require any firearm
registration either or any licensing for
gun owners to carry a rifle no permit is
needed whatsoever carrying a handgun
however does require a permit and that
restriction is one of the few on gun
owners in Florida
other than the handgun carry permit
requirement there is a so called red
flag law that allows police to take guns
away from those deemed as dangerous by
their friends and family if a gun is
purchased in Florida by the way there's
a three day waiting purchase waiting
period on purchase but this waiting
period doesn't actually apply if you
trade in a gun for a new one and the
only in Florida only the state can enact
any gun legislation local governments
are not allowed to make their own laws
on firearms any local government
official that does try to do so like
posting signs prohibiting guns risked
removal from office and a five thousand
dollar fine ten localities are now suing
the state over that law here's what
governor rick scott currently running
for Florida Senator Bill Nelson seat had
to say on Sunday night I think we all
need to do is we need to really just
stop in and start praying about why
why you young man why this is happening
to yoga now I think we got to pray about
it now you got to take action you can't
just pray about something but
something's got to change
well which is it or something got to
change we got to pray about it
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
