welcome back this morning the Washington
Post reports President Trump also
rejected an official White House
statement that praised the late Senator
John McCain one that called him a hero
following his death on Saturday that
comes amid their contentious
relationship sources say the paper told
the paper that those advocating for a
statement included the chief of staff
John Kelly and the press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders instead the president
posted a brief tweet saying quote my
deepest sympathies and respect go out to
the family of Senator John McCain our
hearts and prayers are with you no
compliment or memorial for John McCain
himself the President did order the
White House flag lowered or at least
somebody did on Saturday evening but it
is back at full staff this morning
that's it on the left you can see it at
full staff in contrast the flags at the
US Capitol remain at half-mast it's been
noted half-staff it's been noted that in
the past flags remained lowered to honor
lawmakers and major public figures until
their funeral that's what we're told
will happen at the United States Capitol
this morning though through his own
words we remember Senator John McCain
for his courage his convictions his wit
and his humor
we're getting nothing done my friends
we're getting nothing done if I lost my
capacity for anger I shouldn't be united
states senator it's mine God what what
does it say about America if we're going
to inflict torture on people
yes we're Mavericks but just Washington
need anything else today and then a pair
who will go and shake it up he's an Arab
he is not no no no ma'am no ma'am he's a
he's a he's a decent family man citizen
what do you want to be remembered for he
served his country hopefully with the
word honorably on it that's all and
since President Trump failed to praise
John McCain for his 60 years of service
to America we'll do that John McCain is
a war hero he's a third-generation
military man who graduated from the
Naval Academy in 1958 while flying his
23rd mission in the Vietnam War
McCain's bomber jet was shot down he was
able to get out of the plane but he
broke both arms and a leg in the process
McCain landed in a lake wearing 50
pounds of gear he sank to the bottom he
was only able to escape drowning by
using his teeth to pull an inflatable
life preserver McCain was pulled out of
the lake by a group of people who beat
kicked and stabbed him multiple times
only then was he thrown in a Vietnamese
prison without medical attention for
days McCain then survived in solitary
confinement for two years he was offered
early release but he turned it down
because he refused to leave until those
American prisoners who were captured
before him were released he refused to
be released from prison after that he
was beaten every two or three hours for
days he survived with even more broken
bones and cracked ribs in all John
McCain spent 2008 days in captivity five
and a half years he didn't see his wife
and kids for six years the government
awarded McCain the Silver Star the
Purple Heart the bronze medal the Navy
Combat Action Ribbon the prisoner of war
medal and
many many many more he went on to spend
31 years serving his country as a United
States Senator so let me recap for you
President Trump
Senator John McCain survived being blown
out of the sky sinking to the bottom of
a lake and five and a half years of
torture since then he walked with a limp
and he couldn't raise his arms above his
shoulders mr. president if you wonder
about his time in captivity listen to
him struggle to speak as he laid in
agony I would just like
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
