I hope they impress on you again that it
is an honor to serve the American people
in your company Thank You fellow
senators mr. president
those John McCain's final floor speech
now in a moment we're gonna be joined by
hard balls Chris Matthews but first
let's bring in marks Altered John
McCain's friend frequent collaborator
former chief of staff and speechwriter
mark also co-authored John McCain's last
memoir the Restless twat wave which was
published this past May he's also out
with his latest piece in The Washington
Post entitled John McCain spent his life
serving the dignity of his fellow man
and Mark we know it's got to be tough
for you to be here today we're so
grateful that you are we've been talking
we've been remembering John McCain and
you know what a tough guy he was what a
loving guy he was what an uncompromising
guy he was but you knew him better than
anybody outside the family what was it
about John McCain that you loved Oh his
instinctive decency his enthusiasm for
life is his love of a good fight there's
nothing he ever liked to do more than
fight bad guys to help little guys and
working for him it was a hectic very
busy exuberant lively fun purposeful
satisfying experience and I can't say I
enjoyed every day of it but I enjoyed
most of it it was a it was a great honor
you know we've been talking about how
John McCain was was unique among his
peers in Washington and I saw one or two
and and David Brooks brought this up - I
saw one or two people remembering John
McCain talking about his raw ambition I
never saw that in John McCain I saw raw
a lot but it seems to me that he was of
all the great political figures
certainly of
my lifetime he was probably the least
calculated it john mccain it could have
made his life a hell of a lot easier in
washington DC if he had a raw hunger for
power but the guy the guy was following
ideals and and and and a higher calling
wasn't it yeah yeah i mean he may have
been calculating once or twice or
something but he could never stick to
his calculations and he you know he
wanted to be useful he wanted to do
important things he wanted to fight for
things he believed in he you know he was
never good at a script you could never
get him to we we used to laugh about
message discipline with him it was you
know pointless to try to encourage him
but yeah but he did he did want to do
big things and and he had ambition you
know he got pretty far in life for a guy
who is he always pointed out stood from
the bottom of his class at Naval Academy
but he you know he when I wrote about
his romantic sensibility was just that
that he wanted to go out in that world
and help people enjoy the kind of life
he had the rights and freedoms that he
enjoyed and he couldn't stand bullies he
loved fighting them and we're gonna miss
that that about him so mark so many
people are have been going back to that
clip where he talked to the woman at the
rally in 2008 defended Barack Obama I'm
curious
outside of that moment of all the things
you saw up close with John McCain of all
the reasons he gave you to be proud to
be associated with John McCain can you
think of a moment this morning that
stands out to you know there's just so
many he's just such a decent fuck you
walk through an airport with him
obviously it was a national national II
known politician and you know celebrity
and he'd always been in danger of not
making his plane because he would be
waylaid by by people passing in the you
know for a selfie and
you know sign something for them or
something you would just always stop and
he said and I would always say we got to
hurry up we got to hurry up and he goes
you know someday they're not gonna want
me to do this you know that's so but I
you know there was something I was we're
calling today when not long after his
first diagnosed we were out here
probably uh right after the me he had
come back to Washington and made that
speech and and they had the Obamacare
vote and we were at his condo in Phoenix
I went over there for dinner with it
with Cindy and Megan and John and when I
walked in he was there he was he'd just
been given a terminal diagnosis and he
was sitting at a table with a list of
names of family members from the USS
John McCain who had been who's whose
loved ones had been killed in the in the
accident that it just happened he was
calling each and every one of them to
express his condolences and and to ask
them what he could do for them and then
he would assign staff to go out and take
care of whatever they needed and it was
just a just in that moment just you know
just his typical decency it really drove
the guy all right mark thank you for
being with us we really owe thanks to my
pleas for having me John yeah please
pass along our thoughts and our love to
Cindy and Megan and the entire family
I sure will do thanks for hey let's all
right thank you so much let's bring in
Chris Matthews now with hardball and
Mike Barnicle why don't you take the
first question
yeah Joe you know just listening to mark
Salter talk about a public man who was
just so drenched in humanity and
character and honesty and compassion and
humor it stops you in your tracks to
think with what we're surrounded with
today and Chris Matthews you've seen a
lot in your lifetime and you've
interviewed a lot of people in your
lifetime and today many of us are
worried about the resilience of the
Republic given the fact that John McCain
has passed we wonder where men like him
would come from
we're people like him from Camp Whitcomb
from men and women but it's always
struck me and I'm wondering if it has
struck you that part of the resilience
of this country is reflected in the
resilience that John McCain displayed in
his entire life well first of all I'm
sorry about your brother and here's
something else buddy anyway I think he
had a romance about being a senator and
I just want to talk about that a minute
because I think a lot of us gelatin-like
we grew up with you're a u.s. senator
supposed to be a person who really marks
his own or her own Trail you're out
there on your own you're kind of like a
fighter pilot you're gonna be tough
you're gonna have enemies but you're
gonna be yourself and at the end of your
day you're gonna bid yourself you're
gonna bend in this case John McCain
that's somebody else's guy and I think
fighting is part of that and I think
having enemies as part of that and I
think in a classic sense like in a novel
like but where my favorites advising
consent he was out there all alone like
Brigham Anderson I mean he was a guy who
had to face people who are going to do
horrible things to beat him and and he
had to be as himself and stick to that
and and have an ideal and I think he was
that the classic you know almost out of
a novel u.s. senator and I think that's
who he was he was tough as nails I mean
everybody's a journalist went up against
the guy I went up with him against him
in the beginning about he had parked
illegally not illegally parked on a fire
hydrant some of their neighbors covering
or attending and I called him one and I
said how can you do that if this is
doing an all Keating fine thing and I
just wanted to do that and he just says
why you guys all had drivers I had a
park illegally and and I just said when
he says what are you gonna burn me but
he called me back he didn't he didn't
punch around he called me back and
argued with me on the phone and you know
where all the years 20-some years ago I
don't think he held it against I think
he just he could repress some of his
anger as a professional because he knew
it would get in the way of it being a
great senator Mike and I think he he
didn't just let it all hang out I think
the guy about Vietnam he had reasons to
resent people didn't serve
like w and like clinton and he didn't he
didn't get that i think it's so amazing
he's got w speaking at his channel he
chose to do that mike tells me he wanted
to be a great senator and a great figure
and he was going to pay a personal price
for that chris peggy noonan here good
morning
I miss your column dear Oh coming back
soon you take the summer off my god
Chris you knew John McCain you observed
him watched him talk to him over the
decades I've been curious do you think
he had a sense of destiny personal
destiny did you get a sense of what his
sense of his destiny was what I'm asking
is who did he think he was in history I
think he was his biography I think I
think Vietnam put a mark on him like it
did on all this and I think I find
myself still funding that war from my
side I was against the war I didn't
serve I was the Peace Corps in Africa he
fought over that he would ever get
captured he was a pilot it shot down
going into the enemy capital pulled out
of the water beat up for seven years at
five and a half years he was that's his
life and I think he was hawkish now that
he never I'm telling you when you talk
to him in the old days he would say he
was really hated Whitman Lyndon Johnson
did in that war we wouldn't fight the
war to a finish they cheered when Nixon
bombed that bombed over Hanoi they were
all cheering these guys being beat up
but they wanted to win the war and they
wanted decisiveness in their leadership
they didn't want futzing around like
johnson was doing and you know he quoted
from God from one-eyed jacks on the
movies they used to put on over there
but the memory about you're a
scum-sucking Pig I mean the anger he had
against Johnson he was quoting you know
Arlen Brando in that movie he he had
this real anger at the failure of
leadership I wanted to get I think he
wanted to be a clear-cut leader it when
we got into Iraq which I didn't like but
we got into Reich he said we're gonna
damn well with this thing
and I think he wanted to be a
like John Wayne or that here's you and I
grew up with Peggy and I think he wanted
to be that kind of hero leader yeah I
think he had that romance and it was it
was very clear-cut he wanted to be the
hero of the story he wanted to be
present istance Domini he ran and he
should have won he was winning in it
but in South Carolina they destroyed him
whenever his family his daughter his
wife and that was a pretty rotten
campaign but they beat him and he went
back it I guess Obama and he said
there's wonderful things about Obama at
the yeah Al Smith dinner I watched the
about Juventus with that lady he called
him an Arab he went out there and talked
about what an honorable man it was what
a good guy was this I hope we play that
tape a few times of what he said at the
Smith dinner about his opponent and he
was losing to him this is to an athletes
for the election yeah and he was about
to lose to this guy and yet he paid
tremendous American tribute to the guy I
mean how many politicians how to do that
not the one we have leading us today and
I think it was a hero to himself they
wanted to be one and you know it's an
it's an indication of the measure of the
man that he's going to have the two
people who defeated him in election
speaking at his funeral but I think John
McCain would be the first to admit that
he wasn't perfect he could be prickly as
anyone who tried to interview him at
some point is always known and irascible
and he made mistakes he made them
through the course of his political
career perhaps most notably with the pic
of Sarah Palin for his vice presidential
candidate back in 2008 but one of the
things I I thought and I don't know how
much you picked this up from him Chris
was that he was prepared to admit those
mistakes and how rare is that in this
political world and he and he did after
Sarah Palin he effectively said look I
should have chosen Joe Lieberman now
maybe that wasn't the right political
choice for him either but he effectively
said that was not the right choice and I
made it for political calculation and
whenever he weight made things for
political calculation as he said on Meet
the Press it wasn't the right way to go
you know that's true I think he was a
Mick I think he'd like to fight Bobby
Kennedy like to fight John McEnroe like
to fight I think we make a mistake in
assuming the pugilism going after and
taking our punches taking punches and
hidden somebody else isn't part of power
takes it's it's a it's a it's a
competitive sport it's it's it's bodily
sometimes it's blood a blood sport at
times I think he enjoyed that part of it
I think Franklin Rose was said there's
nothing I like more than a good fight
and I think I think everybody talking
right now enjoys a good fight and I
think it's a it's a big part of life is
competition and and I think if you're in
the ring you're in the ring and I think
he loved it
he'd love to take on us I mean he had
the press with him in 2000 didn't have
us with him in 2008 he'd love to come
back and take shots and he did it to me
one time he he was quite public about he
said Chris used to like me now he's
falling someone new he's fought he's
followed he's he's found someone new I
mean he just took shots he didn't like
it at all I mean you like this being
with him he called it start his base and
then he we went with a lot of us went
with Obama and their sentiments and he
didn't like that at all and I understand
that that's human and and he was
definitely human
I definitely human Katie having Katie
there's definitely human yeah he
certainly was but again it's been said
here before he understood that he needed
to work through that he needed to have
that short memory for the business that
he did and he certainly certainly had a
short memory when it came to me he was
gracious hard balls chris matthews we
really appreciate you being with a
weight you're doing it to watch your
yeah I can't wait to watch your show
tonight at 7 o'clock Eastern hardball
now as we go to break the moment Chris
just mentioned from the Al Smith dinner
back in 2008 this is John McCain just
weeks before a presidential election he
was expected to lose I don't want it
getting out of this room but my opponent
is an impressive fellow in many ways
political opponents can have a little
trouble seeing the best in each other
but I've had a few glimpses of this man
at his best and I admire his great skill
energy and determination
it's not for nothing that he's inspired
so many folks in his own party and
beyond sinner Obama talks about making
history and he's made quite a bit of it
already there was a time when the mere
invitation of an African American
citizen to dine at the White House was
taken as an outrage and an insult in
many quarters today he's a world away
from the cruel and prideful bigotry of
that time and good riddance
I can't wish my opponent luck but I do
wish him well
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
