to stretch and make a reporting
violation which so many campaigns have
President Obama's campaign had to pay
three hundred thousand dollars for
reporting violations to make a
conspiracy out of that when the law
itself says the treasurer is responsible
not the candidate is an example of
precisely what we're seeing trying to
stretch the law to fit somebody who many
Americans hold and want to see commit a
crime or committed impeachable is
Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz
this morning backed up Donald Trump's
claim that the campaign finance charge
Michael Cohen pleaded guilty to isn't
that big of a deal well joining me now
is former assistant watergate's
prosecutor Jill wine banks and back with
me Jennifer Rubin well Jill it's
interesting let me play a little bit
more of what Alan Dershowitz has had to
say because while he backed up Donald
Trump on the campaign finance charge
this is what he said about the the other
investigation the one that's taking
place in the Southern District of New
York take a listen
well I've said that right from the
beginning because I think he has
constitutional defenses to the
investigation being conducted by Muller
but there are no constitutional defense
as to what the Southern District is
investigating so I think the Southern
District is the is the is the greatest
threat look it would be good for the
American public if President Trump sat
down and said everything he knows but it
wouldn't be good for president Trump
wouldn't be good for Trump your thoughts
on that Jill wine banks well we finally
found something I might agree with Alan
Dershowitz on I can't believe it but yes
of course it's not gonna be good for him
because he's guilty he has done so many
things in plain sight
that I can only imagine how much more
damning information Robert Muller's team
has the investigation into the Russian
interference has led us to a point where
the president has covered up an
obstructed justice in plain sight and I
don't agree with Alan Dershowitz on the
campaign violation because there's
degrees of violation if you have a
paperwork mistake that's
thing if you are making a deliberate
decision as the candidate to not let
something be reported then it's a
different thing and especially when it's
being done to cover up a different crime
so I don't think we can agree with him
on everything but I do agree that the
Southern District poses an existential
threat to this presidency as does the
two recent immunities because we have
immunized people who know a great deal
about Donald Trump not just his campaign
violations not just his errors as a
candidate but also in business all the
business crimes that he may have
committed they know about you know it's
interesting Jennifer that we have a
situation here where Donald Trump
doesn't necessarily seem to be in in in
impeachment trouble and I'm gonna play
on a soundbite to back that up in a
minute because the Republicans have
already made it clear he can do it or he
wants or not they're not gonna touch him
if they if they keep thousands in it not
gonna touch him but even the Democrats
seem reluctant to be on the record about
being even interested in impeachment
this is Eric's wawel who's been as tough
on Trump as anyone including on
television talking about what would
happen should Democrats gained control
of the investigation because they gained
control of the house
take a listen I think that we don't have
enough evidence yet we would bring in
Michael Cohen and mr. weiselberger and
you know mr. pecker to interview them
and again we don't want to be as
reckless with the facts as he is I think
having thorough investigations putting
forth an impenetrable case to the
American people doing it in a bipartisan
way is the proper way to do this but
we're not there yet
could could Jennifer could we could you
envision a scenario where Donald Trump's
real jeopardy is not that he gets
impeached because Democrats are
reluctant to what maybe hand him the
political cudgel of doing that right
that Republicans won't even do it then
they can't convict him in the Senate but
the real threat is that his businesses
go down the drain because the Southern
District of New York and New York
prosecutors go after him including after
he's out of the office absolutely the
most dangerous thing for Donald Trump I
think even more so than Michael Cohen
was the immunity deal with the CFO who
is going to unlock the miss
of Donald Trump's company remember we
don't have his tax returns all of this
fluff all of this hype we really don't
know what has gone on inside the company
and we're gonna find out pretty soon I
think I would also say this about Alan
Dershowitz he is so wrong so misguided I
don't know why he does this other than
to get on television but understand what
Donald Trump did he authorized his
lawyer to intentionally leave out of
campaign finance reporting a payoff to
two women so that that information would
not come before the American people
before he was elected because Donald
Trump himself thought that that might be
the difference between winning and
losing in other words he created a crime
he made he committed a crime in order to
win the presidency that is unprecedented
and by the way that is exactly what the
founders had in mind and they were very
concerned about criminality entertaining
that the presidency when they came up
with high crimes and misdemeanors yeah
so Alan Dershowitz is a hundred percent
wrong on that but as far as the the
Southern District boy was that smart of
mr. Muller handing off that part of the
investigation to those folks up there
you can't fire the Southern District of
New York right and you can't pardon out
of it either you can't partner way out
of it
Jill you know I think that is a point
that should not be missed chill wine
banks because Michael Cohen not only
admitted to committing a crime he
basically made the President of the
United States an unindicted
co-conspirator in that crime so it is a
little bit shocking that we're talking
past impeachment right that it seems
unlikely that that is what is going to
be the fate of this president well it
says a lot about what has happened to
the absence of bipartisanship and truth
in America that we are not talking about
impeachment but having said that I agree
with Eric's wawel I think that he made a
very good point
impeachment requires not just that you
get 60 votes for conviction in the
Senate but that the American people
support it and at this point we don't
quite have that yeah
all of the Democrats in the world and
most independents would agree that
that's the right thing because they see
the crimes but I think we need to have
all Republicans at least those who are
thinking Republicans get to that point
it would be sort of like the juror Paula
Duncan who said I'm gonna vote for him
again because I think this is a
witch-hunt but yes I voted for 18 counts
of conviction of Paul Manafort because
the evidence was there I believe that
all of the Paula Duncan's in the
Republican Party will at some point if
Congress has hearings and sees the
witnesses that they will judge this as a
juror and they will view the facts and
say oh my gosh we can't have a man of
this kind running our government he is
corrupt he is a criminal he has
committed crimes and yes the first step
was Michael Kohn saying in court under
oath that he had been acting to commit a
crime at the direction of the President
of the United States yeah or they'll if
they blame Donald Trump for having
tanked in the midterms and they decide
he's a political liability and then
that's the reason that they turn on him
um let me go through and play one sound
bite off of this topic Hillary Clinton
was on meet the press this morning
appeared on Meet the Press and she
talked about John McCain's passing I
want to play that just for a moment
because she hit on the point that we're
kind of talking about here about the
division in the country and to have John
McCain passing in this particular moment
take a listen our institutions are being
severely tested right now including his
beloved Senate and he was in every way
he knew how trying to sound the alarm
you know and Jennifer it does feel like
the Senate has sort of become the house
right and then John McCain was sort of
the last remaining ones trying to keep
the Senate the Senate or keep it sort of
above that kind of kind of rank
partisanship and pure partisanship and
pursuit of power for its own sake is
there any wrestling to send it back from
that especially when something as grave
as impeachment of the majority's
president is our majority's party
partisan member and the presidency is on
the table you're right it has
become like the house and in one very
important respect we're going through a
Supreme Court fight right now that is
not going to be determined by getting 60
votes they're they're acting like the
house a sheer power play which is how
the house operates as far as I think the
future the Senate and this issue goes
Hillary Clinton is right we are now
governed by midgets by moral midgets and
there is no and I think who at least on
the Republican side is ready to take
build reigns and so my solution is vote
them out the more people you vote out
the quicker they will come around they
are unfit to rule they're unfit to
govern and so they have to be beaten all
right chill wine banks rocking the pin
that we all can see what it is a
beautiful American flag pin and Jennifer
Rubin thank you both very much have a
wonderful Sunday and coming up at the
top of the hour new polling on Trump and
Russia gate mmm but up next for our
apprentice contestant Kwame Jackson is
here he joins me to talk Trump and race
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
