Jeff Sessions recused himself which he
shouldn't have done or he should have
told me even my enemies say that Jeff
Sessions should have told you that he
was going to recuse himself and then you
wouldn't have put him in he took the job
and then he said I'm going to recuse
myself I said what kind of a man is this
and by the way he was on the campaign
you know the only reason I gave him the
job because I felt lousy well pick a
Trump biographer and they will tell you
that for Donald Trump it's all about
loyalty
but unfortunately for those around him
that loyalty tends to be a one-way
street
Trump has bashed his attorney general
Jefferson Sessions pretty much non-stop
over the past year and a half reportedly
ridiculing him with cruel nicknames in
private and berating him in public but
up until now it seemed like the idea of
Trump actually firing sessions in the
middle of the mulher probe would be a
non-starter for his former Republican
Senate colleagues well much like their
once tough stances on Russia and whether
Donald Trump was fit to be President
that may be changing the president's
entitled to attorney general he has
faith in somebody that's qualified for
the job and I think there will come a
time sooner rather than later where it
will be time to have a new face and a
fresh voice at the Department of Justice
clearly attorney General Sessions
doesn't have the competence of the
President and all I can say is that I
have a lot of respect for the Attorney
General but that's that's an important
office in the country and there
after the election I think there will be
some serious discussions about a new
Attorney General well joining me now is
Washington Post columnist EJ Dionne
Washington Post opinion writer Jennifer
Rubin and former US attorney Joyce Vance
all right Thank You friends let's start
with I want to play one more sound clip
of Lindsey Graham this one is from July
of 2017 and quite a different take that
Lindsey Graham had on the possibility of
Donald Trump firing Jeff Sessions back
that and take a listen this effort to
basically marginalize and humiliate the
Attorney General is not going over well
in the Senate if Jeff session is fired
there will be wholly Hill to pay EJ what
happened what you know you began the
show with these very powerful tributes
to John McCain and it's worth
remembering that going back it was both
John McCain and Lindsey Graham who said
that Jeff sessions had a problem taking
over an investigation where he was going
to be the subject John McCain by the way
also very forcefully asked a lot of
questions of sessions and a hearing
about that meeting with the Russian
ambassador and Lindsey Graham's flip is
really a metaphor for what's happened to
the Republican Party that even parts of
the party most of the party had gone
over to Trump already and there were
roots of trumpism in the earlier
behavior of Republicans but Lindsey
Graham was holed out and he is no longer
a holdout he has if I can use the word
flipped and I think that Donald Trump is
looking at this and saying well Nixon
fired Archibald Cox as a special
prosecutor during Watergate and got away
with it for a while but the substitute
name was Leon Jaworski who was just as
serious about the investigation as
Archibald Cox you can imagine Trump
feels he can get away with firing
sessions and having a toady named if you
will or a loyalist if you prefer named
to replace Muller and maybe the thing
goes away without real opposition from
the Republican Party and you know
Jennifer
it is it is striking because Lindsey
Graham you know Lindsey Graham Joe
Lieberman and John McCain were always
thought of as the three amigos
you know the perception is is and I
believe it's true that Lindsey Graham if
not Donner Kane's best friend one of his
best friends and they used to be really
simple on issues as well very hawkish
very tough on things like Russia very
tough on Donald Trump but Lindsey Graham
has been much more overtly sort of a
buddy of Donald Trump you know lately to
the point where he's now saying hey you
know there may be no Jeff Sessions after
the election he may be he may be gone
and then there's this from Politico
Republicans saying sessions is gone
after the midterms and here's a quote if
Grassley chooses to go to the Senate
Finance Committee after the election
Lindsey Graham would become Judiciary
Committee Chairman Graham is also up for
reelection in 2020 and being close to
Trump would help him stave off a primary
challenge are we seeing here sort of the
triumph of the kind of crass politics
that John McCain said should not be the
principal sort of vocation of a senator
the most common question I get about
Lindsey Graham is what happened to
Lindsey Graham he seems to be adrift
morally politically since the decline
and now the tragic passing of his friend
John McCain and it is a metaphor as EJ
said of the spinelessness the lack of
principle the lack of concern of the
greater good of our democracy of the
rule of law and for him to in essence
intimated that well he'll keep him now
but after the election once we've pulled
the wool over the voters eyes we'll dump
him is really reprehensible now since
then a few senators including senator
flake have spoken out and said no this
is going to be a real problem
listen I have a lot of problems with
Jeff Sessions I don't mind if he fires
Jeff Sessions I mind if he replaces him
and if he replaces him then we have I
think a constitutional crisis on our
hands
if he goes rod Rosenstein who's already
running the Moller investigation would
be acting Attorney General and that's
fine as far as I'm concerned but
replacing him with someone who's going
to do his bidding and who is going to
then take over the Moller investigation
I think that then puts us Foursquare in
the realm of a constitutional crisis
yeah into that very point Joyce Vance um
this was a Jeff Sessions actually
responding
the criticism of Donald Trump and what
it seems to be increasing threats to his
job and he said while I'm Attorney
General the actions of the Department of
Justice will not be improperly
influenced by political considerations I
demand the highest standards and where
they are not met I take action however
no nation has a more talented more
dedicated group of law enforcement
investigators and prosecutors than the
United States is they were real risk
here that Donald Trump could at least in
an interim capacity fire jeff Sessions
put in a flunky put in somebody who'd be
willing to essentially end or kill the
Muller probe and then where are we
so Attorney General Sessions statement
the one that you just read was was a
really wonderful statement regarding the
men and women at the Justice Department
it came about a year too late but I'm
glad that those words finally came out
of his his mouth because it is those
people in the Justice Department
prosecutors and agents who are now
upholding the rule of law and what
happens if Donald Trump gets to replace
as Jennifer says attorney General
Sessions under the vacancies Reform Act
which is the law that controls secession
when an attorney general leaves or is
fired rod Rosenstein is his natural
successor but the president could
replace mr. Rosen Stein with anyone else
who's Senate confirmed for a period of
time and that's where the devil in the
details begins to emerge because that's
a large pool of folks both inside of DOJ
and outside of DOJ but many of those
folks one suspect might surprise mr.
Trump as mr. Rosen Stein apparently did
finding that their loyalty is to the
Constitution and not to the president I
think that's our hope moving forward in
that type of a scenario yeah I think
that is sort of the take on Christopher
Rea and other people that he's appointed
that Trump thought would also be loyal
personally to him for some reason rather
than to the Constitution into their jobs
um you know EJ in your paper in the
Washington Post Donald Trump has been
told apparently by aides who have
explained to him that firing Jeff
sessions would not end the Moller Pro
but he remains livid officials said
particularly after sessions responded
last week with the statement that I just
read declaring that the actions the
Department of Justice will not be
improperly influenced by political
considerations Donald Trump doesn't seem
to care whether or not
this is action that would even be
effective he's just angry at Jeff
sessions and I guess I don't know I
guess the worry that a lot of people
have is that if Donald Trump does
something that even as aides say is
irrational the check on him is supposed
to be there in the Senate and if Lindsey
Graham has already said he's already
done the paul ryan shrug then where are
we yeah I mean the problem with Trump
aids saying anything is Trump aides have
a pretty short shelf life it seems and
that when Trump doesn't want to listen
he won't listen and again you know if
you look precisely at what you pointed
to which is the lack of any real
gumption on the part of the vast
majority of Republican senators and the
ones with some gumption are leaving like
a Jeff Flake or bob corker and sadly
john mccain is gone now he probably
figures he can get away with this for
quite a while and I think Trump Trump's
method is keep the things rolling hope
something turns up hope your enemies
make a mistake and try to get away with
as much as you can and in this
environment at least for now with
Republicans having so much power and
such a tendency to cave to trump it's
not a crazy calculation on Trump's part
sadly yeah and you know Jennifer the
likelihood is Democrats are not gonna
even if they do really really well in
November get 67 votes in the United
States Senate which is what it would
take to sustain an impeachment against
Donald Trump even if even if Democrats
took over thousand didn't beat him so
doesn't Donald Trump have a good-faith
reason to believe that he can get away
with anything because if Lindsey Graham
is already saying you know do what you
want there is really nobody standing in
his way this is what many of us have
been saying for 18 months that the
failure to lie down a mark or any marker
any line has simply encouraged Trump to
take one more step and then another step
and then another step they still have
not voted of course on the floor of the
Senate for that motion or for the
amendment rather that passed the Senate
Judiciary Committee to Protect the
special prosecutor maybe someone should
drag that out of committee and take a
vote on it we could use some
intellectual courage and some defense of
the Constitution around now
yeah and lastly to you Joyce if there is
no bill passed to protect the Muller
investigation is there away a
one-two-three step that Donald Trump
could take to ended he seems to think he
could step in and run the investigation
ended himself so he can try to end it I
think that even if he's successful in
this limited sense of finding some way
to either limit the school the scope of
Muller's investigation or even to fire
Muller himself he's not banking on the
fact that there are prosecutors all over
the country who are ready to pick up
that mantle prosecutors in the Southern
District of New York I think
demonstrated that this week when they
brought Michael Cohen the president's
longtime lawyer to heal justice isn't a
place for a reality TV star career
confirmed folks who know how to do this
we'll make it work
yeah at the end of the day his home
state maybe is undoing AJ and Jennifer
will be back with us in our next hour
Joyce Vance thank you have a great rest
of your day and in our next hour more on
the passing of Senator John McCain and a
man who Donald Trump has allegedly
called the N word will join us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
