and so at the very outset when he began
with yet another lie I decided that I
could either spend the rest of the
debate responding to every single
dishonest thing that he said or I could
make sure that everyone understood
exactly what he's doing I said look he's
dishonest it's one of the reasons that
he got tagged with this nickname and
that that nickname resonates because
it's true but I got to tell you it's
it's not something that I feel totally
comfortable with and perhaps in the heat
of the moment I took a step too far
that was better work at a Town Hall last
night talking about whether he regrets
resurrecting lyin Ted a Tuesday night
Senate debate his was this was a new
take on when they go low conundrum and
now I'll have to deal with the low road
again the president tweeting this
afternoon quote bet OA work is a total
lightweight compared to Ted Cruz and he
comes nowhere near representing the
values and desires of the people of the
great state of Texas
he will never be allowed to return Texas
into Venezuela he's obsessed with
Venezuela for Trump this one might be
personal listen to how better or work
answered a question about impeaching him
I do think there's enough there for
impeachment and if asked I would I would
vote on it now I have not made this the
mission of the campaign I've never
called for it at a rally never sent a
campaign email out about this I'm not on
any articles of impeachment for all the
reasons that I just gave you I'm focused
on the future but yes I want to answer
your question honestly and I think
there's enough there to make sure that
we move forward I've been 18 days to go
until Texas voter work still has a long
way to go in the polls he's down seven
points to Ted Cruz in an average of all
the polls but some good news for
O'Rourke today the Houston Chronicle
endorsed him and that's no gimme for the
Democrat as Axios reports the chronicle
endorsing O'Rourke is a sharp turn away
from the paper traditionally endorsing
Republican candidates endorse Mitt
Romney over Barack Obama
no.8 and both George HW Bush and George
W Bush during their presidential
campaigns Matt Jennifer and Doug are
still here Doug talk to me about how
been a success as a candidate could
instruct the future regardless of how
this race turns out because it seems
that we're talking about and we covered
this race more than any other
and we're not blind to the polls but
there's something about the way he talks
he seems to be one of the few
politicians on either side of the aisle
trying to grow the tent and try to
answer questions in the old-fashioned
way honestly and with some substance
he's not out of central casting he's
very authentic and I think one thing
that when when people really took notice
of him was when he was asked a question
in a town hall by a Republican about NFL
players kneeling and he gave a very
passionate honest answer and you know
that sort of you know spread like
wildfire and I think what people
appreciate about him is that he doesn't
run away from questions he doesn't hide
he answers them honestly and and I think
compared to a guy like Ted Cruz you know
that that can be that that can be
encouraging for voters now he won the
Houston Chronicle endorsement he also
had a massive quarter where he raised 38
million dollars this has always been a
tough race though I mean the fact that
we're talking about Texas no one thought
we'd be talking about Texas as a Senate
race no one thought we'd be able to
raise money to compete against Ted Cruz
but it's interesting to see Donald Trump
defend Ted Cruz after the spat that they
16 Matt Mel I want to ask you a question
about how you take what better also
seems to be doing is he's not buying the
narrative that things are so bleak for
Democrats there is this resignation
setting in among Democrats I see it on
camera I see it off camera they slumped
the body language is different they feel
defeated the midterms are 18 days away
they think the cabin are getting on the
Supreme Court changed the dynamics
that's probably only a little bit true I
mean there's something that happens both
partisans come home as Election Day
nears but there's something about his
optimism and there's something that
reminds me of President Obama of George
W Bush before he was running nationally
there's something about just just the it
factor that he possesses yeah there are
a few lessons to learn from his campaign
one is as Doug would say it's be
yourself don't be the politician that
political consultants that pollsters
tell you to be be yourself authenticity
is the most important thing right now
voters have gotten a progressive guy
index yet that's that's exactly right
the second thing is to engage with the
grassroots he spent his campaign going
around the state and using social media
to engage with the grassroots in a way
to
directly to voters and the third thing
is to compete everywhere it doesn't mean
you will win everywhere but you will win
some Senate races that you didn't expect
to win we won this Senate race in
Alabama you know at this cycle in a
special election where we no one would
have thought we we would have won bado
may not win but the grass roots impact
that he will have will probably pull
other Democrats over over the line and
even if he doesn't win he's gonna have
made investments in the party he's gonna
energize Democrats in a way that are
gonna pay long-term dividends to the
party in a state where we haven't won
and this seems to be the point the way
Barack Obama taught Democrats how to
talk to the country with his state I
don't live in red state America or blue
state America you know you know the way
he taught Democrats how to talk about
that moment in politics seems to be what
Beto is doing he's telling or he's
projecting or he's leading by example
telling people how to talk in this in
this era and your point about being
authentic I mean who he authentically is
is probably a little out of step with
Texas yeah that's right look I don't
think the majority of voters in Texas
support impeaching the president and he
was very clear maybe I mean most people
would say look you what you have the way
you ought to answer that question is
let's wait and see what's up with but
the thing that he has going for them is
is you know he will tell voters you may
not district you may not agree with
everything I say but I am Who I am I'm
not a phony like Ted Cruz the guy I'm
running against I'm gonna always tell
you the truth about what I believe and
let me just say george w bush ran for
re-election on this very message yes may
not know any ran against John Kerry who
famously said I voted for it before but
against it about supplemental military
funding but George Bush said in the Iraq
war was very unpopular there was already
a lot of economic Hanks George Bush said
you may not always agree with me but but
you'll always know where I stand that's
where better signaling exactly and
there's sort of a technical thing that
he does he is completely fluid he talks
from the diaphragm up there are so many
politicians who either screech they turn
up way too high because their fuckin
emotion or they're way too reticent and
trooper Ted Cruz talking from his nose
and then there are people who are just
unlikable which I think that's the Ted
Cruz problem but there is something you
do have to like the candidate Donald
Trump was the exception to the rule of
every election we've ever had as people
didn't care because I hated Hillary
Clinton more but I think he's been able
to own it
personal level convey some sense of
passion some sense of urgency and in a
way where he says you know I'm not going
to play those games I don't don't call
me a time grabber I'm not gonna grab
your guns but here's what I wanted to do
I'm not for socialized medicine here's
what I wanted to do so he's not kind of
playing in this role he's not playing
some different of Obama's first
inaugural address where you capsule and
then hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
