we're following the breaking news that
David girl is just mentioning out of
Jacksonville Jacksonville Florida where
the sheriff's office they're confirming
a mass shooting taken place at a
videogame tournament this happened a
downtown market place called
Jacksonville Landing we have just in to
us some video purported to be the moment
the shots were fired listen carefully
this was streamed by the location of the
tournament and this is what was heard
about 14 15 shots tough to count very
quickly we're playing it again for you
now
NBC's milder Rodriguez joins us now in
my applying this for folks many for the
first time and hearing what again
purported to be the sound and the video
from that very moment when this all came
down earlier today but what more do we
know at this four o'clock Eastern time
right well this situation has been
unfolding for the last couple of hours
since early this afternoon Richard and
what we know at this point is that
according to our NBC affiliate in
Jacksonville there are four people who
are dead 11 that have been injured in
this mass shooting at this tournament it
was a video game tournament taking place
like you said at the Jacksonville
Landing you saw the live stream just a
second ago of that tournament a lot of
people had been watching from afar
including the people that were there in
the room and you heard all of those
gunshots
and again what sounded like people
running away you could almost hear the
trampling and almost their footsteps as
they ran away from the shooter
