after the passing megan mccain wrote
this and and shared it on her twitter
account and i just want to read it for
those who did not hear it earlier to get
a sense of what he was like as a family
man this is what Megan McCain wrote she
says I was with my father at his end as
he was with me at my beginning in the 33
years we shared together he raised me
taught me corrected me comforted me
encouraged me and supported me in all
things he loved me and I loved him he
taught me how to live his love and his
care ever-present always unfailing took
me from a girl to a woman and he showed
me what it is to be a man what was he
like Andrea as a family man
oh I remember flying up to New Hampshire
and he'd be he was in the back of the
plane with Jimmy who was of course
following in his foot paths into the
Navy he was such a proud father he's so
proud of Megan they were so close and I
think of Megan with her father on the
view as well as Megan with Joe Biden and
Biden you know in on December 13th it
was six or seven days after his last
vote in the Senate and he had retreated
to Sedona to fight this illness as best
he could and be in the place he loved
and he never returned to Washington
after that the ravages of his of his
cancer treatment were just so dreadful
it was they say you know as debilitating
as the cancer itself but the fact that
he fought so hard and was so courageous
and she was facing the reality then and
that day Joe Biden was a guest on the
set and he walked over comforted her and
said you know you know your father
helped my my beau my son Beau get
through so much and of course Beau Biden
had the same terrible geo blastoma this
horrible fatal aggressive brain cancer
that Teddy Kennedy died of you know
exactly on this exact day which is so
remarkable his great friend John McCain
and they all knew that this diagnosis
of an incurable brain cancer was going
to take their lives but John McCain had
such a bond with Joe Biden over that and
Biden in reaching out to Megan and and
walking across the set and and holding
her hand and talking to her about what
John McCain had meant to him and his son
he was devastated really in South
Carolina in that primary in 2000 by
attacks from the bush camp and the fact
that they got together and worked so
closely on Iraq issues is remarkable it
says so much about both of them hey
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
