thing one tonight there's been a lot of
reporting this week about what the US
attorney must have on Michael Cohen that
made him suddenly decide to plead guilty
but it seems there may have been another
factor in Cohen's decision protecting
his wife who was also implicated
reportedly in potential criminal
activity based on evidence that included
bank records tax filings and loan
applications as the couple filed their
taxes jointly now we are not saying that
Michael Cohen is some kind of heroic
figure here but compared to Duncan
Hunter he sure looks like spouse of the
year she handled my finances throughout
my entire military career and that
continued on when I got into Congress
whatever she did on that that'll be
that'll be looked at too I'm sure but
but I didn't do it thing two in 60
seconds when Duncan Hunter showed up in
federal court yesterday greeted by
protesters chanting lock him up you may
have noticed he was accompanied only by
his lawyers and not his wife who was
indicted along with him for misuse of
campaign funds but Margaret Hunter
arrived separately with her own lawyers
and then inside the courtroom
the hunters reportedly didn't even look
at each other now there are some clues
in the actual indictment about what
could be going on there
in June 2011 congressman hunter
allegedly stayed at a Capitol Hill Hotel
named I kid you not the liaison with an
individual described as someone who had
a quote personal relationship with
Hunter
in March of 2016 Hunter allegedly again
stayed at the liaison this time with a
person described in the indictment as
his wife's close friend so that would be
the context to keep in mind as you watch
Duncan Hunter go on national TV
yesterday and completely throw his wife
under the bus when I went to Iraq in
2003 the first time I gave her power of
attorney and she handled my finances
throughout my entire military career and
that continued on when I got into
Congress because I'm gone five days a
week on home for two so y-you
she was also the camp the campaign
manager so whatever she did on that
that'll be that'll be looked at too I'm
sure but but I didn't do it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
