Aled wife's aboard you and I have talked
about him a lot mm-hmm what does this
news mean to you okay so what it means
to me is this in in in right now the US
Attorney's Office is not commenting on
this and they're not talking about it
what do I understand is that Alan
Weissenberg was given immunity as part
of the investigation into Michael Cohen
and so as part of that investigation
they were able to speak with him and
they were able to presumably get some
information from him and offer him
obviously if he had some sort of legal
concerns of his own they were gonna say
you know what you don't need you don't
need to have those concerns because
obviously we're gonna offer you so we
don't know that any legal concerns he
had had to do specifically with Donald
Trump or whatever the case is the
prosecutors went and said so glad that
you said that because what his legal
concerns could be his own legal concerns
and I'll highlight that paragraph 38
page 17 of the criminal information
alley it says that Michael Cohen the
defendant sent an executive of the
company being the Trump Organization
executive one who we now know to be Alan
weiselberger the first of his monthly
invoices requesting pursuant to this
retainer agreement payment for services
rendered for the month of January and
February except for those services were
not legal services this was all part of
a plan to pay back Michael Cohen for his
payment to stormy Daniels and then later
on we see in that paragraph this
executive one who's Alan weiselberger
Ford the invoice to another company
executive and said hey go ahead and pay
this on out and pay the legal expenses
and put in this this is retainer for the
months of January and February Alan
Webber may have had some legal concerns
that if he marked this the way that he
marked it he was concealing what it
really was which was a payment back to
Michael Cohen right for the payment to
stormy Daniels I know at this point it
feels like we need a roadmap but
essentially here Alan weiselberger
directed and it appears that they have
some sort of a message here because
they're quoting it here in the criminal
information that Michael Cohen pled
guilty to that they have some
information about what it was that Alan
Weissenberg actually said so it is our
understanding that Alan weiselberger has
been given immunity this was part of the
investigation into Michael Cohen what
what is what is difficult to ascertain
at this point it was this backwards or
forwards looking immunity so let me put
that into
little bit of a better English was this
purely for the purpose of helping them
investigate Michael Cohen up to an
indictment or a plea agreement right we
now have or is this something where
they'll use him for other information
going forward right now we don't know
that
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
