and then we got the big news of today
which is about this unfamiliar character
I guess he's probably familiar by now
and I if you know who he is I know what
you're thinking I know you're giggling
his name is pecker his last name is
pecker it makes every news story about
him a little giggly and distracting you
know listen I'm 45 years old as far as
I'm concerned that just means I'm nine
years old times five I get it it's funny
his name is pecker that's funny but when
it comes to the pickle that mr. pecker
has put the president in I think it is
it is sort of worth you know get letting
it out giggle through it let that happen
acknowledge that it's funny but then you
do still have to kind of soberly grapple
with the fact that this guy mr. pecker
has long been a really central part of
Donald Trump's life and particularly mr.
Trump's carefully managed public image
during the presidential campaign it
became desperately unsubtle it became
impossible not to notice you could not
buy a quart of milk without being
confronted with the unsubtle tea of this
relationship because David peckers media
empire includes the National Enquirer
and you can watch the progression of
Donald Trump's quest for the presidency
and the course of the covers of the
National Enquirer I mean when it came to
the end of the Republican presidential
primary where the last man standing
against Ted Cruz a standing against him
was Ted Cruz this was the National
Inquirer recover at the end of the
Republican primary Ted Cruz father
linked to JFK assassination right and
that's crazy
in the middle of a presidential campaign
to see a supermarket tabloid trying to
help their favored candidate by putting
out something Looney Tunes like this
about his last remaining serious primary
opponent but this was not just a Looney
Tunes thing on the periphery this was
not an unwelcome intrusion into the
campaign by this publication the
candidate himself was totally on board
with us there was a picture on the front
page of The National Enquirer which does
have credibility and on the cover of The
National Enquirer there's a picture of
her
and crazy Lee Harvey Oswald having
breakfast this was a magazine that
frankly in many respects should be very
respected I mean if that was the New
York Times they would have gotten
Pulitzer Prizes for their reporting I've
always said why didn't the National
Enquirer get the Pulitzer Prize that's
my favorite photographic imagery of Mike
Pence that's he's absorbing what Donald
Trump is saying about the next the Lee
Harvey Oswald supposedly don't drop
perfectly in his element talking about
the National Clark Mike Pence swallowing
his tongue thinking wow this is gonna be
my new life
mother so thus ends the Republican
presidential primary in 2016 on that
high note and thus starts the general
election in July they've got their main
story there obviously as their bread and
butter means celebrity exploitation
stuff dying share broken alone but then
you see on the side hey some politics
there's Trump how I will save America
from terror the following week this is
very subtle Hillary Clinton corrupt on
the take fraud and bribes crooked
Hillary where have I heard that phrase
crooked Hillary before two weeks later
Hillary failed secret FBI lie-detector
new email scandal bombshell damning
report inside the shocking bribe here's
August 15 2016 Donald Trump's revenge on
Hillary and her puppets who are her
puppets Barack Obama's apparently one of
her puppets that's interesting
mob connections shady billion dollar
deals gay double life it's a little
weird how they put the mob connections
bullet point right under Donald Trump on
this cover but I'm quite sure from the
context they mean to imply that the mob
stuff and the gay stuff and these shady
billion dollar deals those are all
things you're supposed to attribute to
Hillary Clinton here's the following
week again very subtle Clinton's secret
health crisis mental breakdown eating
herself to death and Bill Clinton has
Alzheimer's and Parkinson's
by mid-september the National Inquirer
reports that it is obtained Hillary
Clinton's full medical file they also
found that nice picture of her to
accompany that headline in her medical
file according to the National Enquirer
there is news of her violent rages her
liver damage from booze three strokes
and also Alzheimers then down at the
bottom not sure if this is directly
derived from the medical file but jail
Clinton nail it's also there on the
front page right before the election
this was the national Enquirer's
Halloween special explosive story that
will change the election 24 years of
cover-ups and crimes exposed Hillary
hitman tells all smoking gun proof that
Hillary paid hush money to hookers wait
hush man who knew who dad did that this
was the following week part two of
Clinton's hitman explosive tell-all
Hillary hooked on narcotics also gay sex
a sting
something involving Hillary being gay in
a motel hillary blackmailed the FBI not
blackmailed by the FBI but she
blackmailed the FBI that's a number then
there was their election special this
was their masterpiece this was on the
newsstands in basically every grocery
store in America when Americans went to
the polls for election day there really
boiled it down for the final push
Hillary corrupt racist criminal look at
the middle section on the bottom there
Hillary uses the n-word and hates black
people that's in every grocery store in
America right and even if you don't buy
it that's the cover and then Trump wins
the election and the Enquirer's cover
takes a remarkably sunny turn this is
their first post-election cover we told
you so Donald Trump my first hundred
days my plan to ensure world peace and
then week after week it was just more of
the same illegals caught invading
America but president elects
construction plans and blueprints inside
because Trump must build the wall even
before he was sworn in Trump was able to
expose the Muslim spies in Obama's CIA
they were infesting Obama's CIA
still before he was even sworn in Merry
Christmas Christmas Eve The Enquirer was
trumpeting that Bill Clinton is down to
117 pounds and dying one of the Obama
daughters has hit rock bottom that's
classy and Trump has taken charge again
this is still during the transition but
he's taken charge he's tearing up
dangerous deals to arrange peace between
Israel and its enemies he slapped down
arrogant China I mean this is how they
started the new year 2017 a glamour shot
of America's new first family inside
Trump's White House this is not just a
Pro Donald Trump publication this is not
like like Fox News this is like Fox News
on drugs right
but David pecker who runs the National
Enquirer who runs the media entity that
controls the National Enquirer he has
been on this train for a long time in
the late 1990s David pecker ran a
magazine that was literally called Trump
style just a whole magazine about Trump
and style and Trump stylishness as long
ago as 2010 The Associated Press reports
that David pecker had promoted a
possible trump presidency and you know
maybe David Packard just loves Donald
Trump that is no crime but if that's
what it is it is a very deep and
long-standing love Washington Post
reports that during the 2016 campaign
Pecor allowed Donald Trump to personally
direct and select stories like these
ones Hillary's six months to live and
Hillary's full medical file for the
cover of The Enquirer Trump got to pick
those and dictate those The Wall Street
Journal also in a remarkable series of
reporting over months pieced together
the finances behind pecker and his
company buying up exclusive rights to
damaging stories about Donald Trump's
sex life so those stories would be kept
quiet before the campaign scandal turned
up in that reporting has now turned into
criminal consequences with guilty pleas
from Trump lawyer Michael Cohen this
week Cohen pled guilty to making illegal
payments to influence the campaign at
the direction of Donald Trump and in
conjunction with David Becker I'm
Packers company American media the
criminal information in Cohen's case
also says that as early as the summer of
2015 pecker coordinated with Cohen
and with one or more members of the
Donald Trump campaign to develop a
system in which pecker and the National
Enquirer would assist the campaign in
identifying and neutralizing negative
stories about Trump so there's all sorts
of interesting questions as to whether
or not American media as an entity might
get in trouble now that they've been
named as a participant in that criminal
conspiracy the company itself there's
lots of interesting questions about the
Trump Organization the Trump business
having been involved in that scheme
people on the Trump campaign having been
involved in that scheme the President
himself directly described by Cohen
under oath in court as directing and
participating in that criminal scheme
but today first the first Vanity Fair
and then The Wall Street Journal
reported that David pecker and his chief
content officer stopped editor a man
named Dylan Howard
they have both now flipped and are
cooperating with a special counsels
office pecker said to have immunity in
exchange for his cooperation
David pecker is not a random or
peripheral figure in the president's
life this is this is probably the
president's greatest ally in building
his public image over the last couple of
decades this is the guy this is the
company that specifically has managed
Trump's public image in part by
aggressively managing secrets that Trump
believed would be most damaging to him
if they were publicly exposed and now
that is who is talking to federal
prosecutors and once your cooperating
with federal prosecutors you don't just
get to tell tales about you know Michael
Cohen you don't get to choose any one
thing that you're gonna cooperate about
once your cooperating particularly if
you've been given immunity in exchange
for your cooperation
your cooperating on everything which in
this case may turn out to be fascinating
once Trump was elected president I just
want a note here for the record the
national choir in choir and American
media took a few really strange little
turns including this spring when they
published this this is a big glossy
publication it has no advertisements it
is priced at thirteen ninety nine was
put on the shelf at Walmart's around
America it's basically a MASH book
declaring the awesomeness of Saudi
Arabia and the hunkiness of its new
Crown Prince this thing literally
describes Saudi
Rabia as the magic kingdom throughout
the book that's how Saudi Arabia has
described Magic Kingdom Disney might
have something to say about that
this ami publication from earlier this
year includes this photo of this odd
duck guy in the Oval Office posing with
Donald Trump behind the resolute desk
this guy is an adviser to the Saudi
Crown Prince he reportedly got into the
Oval Office at the invitation of David
pecker from American media what the heck
is the National Enquirer doing promoting
the interests of Saudi Arabia and its
Crown Prince to unsuspecting Walmart
shoppers all over America and something
on which they must have lost a gazillion
dollars and what does that have to do
with them getting Saudi interests into
the Oval Office to meet with the
president again once you are cooperating
with federal prosecutors you don't get
to pick and choose what it is you're
cooperating about it's everything and
now tonight The Associated Press has
just reported that at the National
Inquirer ad American media turns out
they kept all their best stuff including
all their best Trump stuff locked up in
a safe that everybody knew about that
story is just broken we've got the
reporter who broke it next hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
