well here's something you have never
heard a president say before if I ever
got impeached the word impeach has not
crossed the minds of most presence there
is no reason to even mention the word
during most presidencies and there's
been much media debate this year about
whether it's too soon to discuss
impeachment in the trump presidency and
that debate ended today decisively ended
today when the President of the United
States discussed his own impeachment
when he was asked about it on Fox News
76 days away from the midterms hard to
believe if the Democrats take back power
do you believe they will try to impeach
you well you know I guess it's just
something like high crimes and all I
don't I don't know how you can impeach
somebody who's done a great job I'll
tell you what if I ever got a piece I
think the market would crash I think
everybody would be very poor because
without this thinking you would see if
you would see numbers that you wouldn't
believe in Reverse without this thinking
we never would have heard the President
of the United States say if I ever got
impeached and right there right there
stop right there because I think right
there are two definite song titles in
the musical about the Trump presidency
that will be written by lin-manuel
Miranda's great-great granddaughter
sometime down the road the without this
thinking that's gonna be one song title
we know that and of course the melodic
if I ever got impeached has to be a song
title in the Trump musical Fox News and
the president have decisively ended the
debate on whether it's too soon to be
discussing impeachment on Tuesday night
on this program I realized that we had
shifted from investigation coverage to
impeachment coverage after federal
prosecutors and Michael Cohen made
history by declaring under oath in
federal court in Manhattan that the
President of the United States had
committed two federal crimes for the
principle purpose of influencing the
election but as we discussed here
tonight Donald Trump was not the only
person in addition to Michael Cohen who
was accused of committing federal crimes
in that courtroom on Tuesday prosecutors
said that still unnamed members of the
Trump campaign participated actively in
those crimes and knew everything about
those crimes and that David pecker the
chairman and CEO of the company that
runs the National Inquirer in the top
editor of the National Enquirer Dylan
Howard also were very important
participants in the conspiracy to commit
those crimes last night at the beginning
of this program we wondered whether
David pecker might already be
cooperating with federal prosecutors and
about 10 minutes later we delivered the
breaking news that david becker was
indeed reportedly cooperating with
federal prosecutors that's what we knew
last night and today we discovered that
david pecker has already been granted
immunity in his cooperation agreement
with federal prosecutors along with
dylan howard and as the day wore on we
learned more about what david pecker
knows and what he might possess The
Associated Press is reporting the
National Enquirer kept a safe containing
documents on hush money payments and
other damaging stories that killed as
part of its cozy relationship with
Donald Trump leading up to the 2016
presidential election people familiar
with the arrangement told The Associated
Press Dylan Howard removed them from the
safe in the weeks before Trump's
inauguration according to one person
directly familiar with the events it was
unclear whether the documents were
destroyed or simply were moved to a
location known to fewer people here's
who knows what was in that safe David
Packard Dylan Howard Michael Cohen and
Donald Trump and with today's reporting
the president might have even more
trouble sleeping tonight than he did
last night the president has has to
somehow fall asleep knowing that David
pecker is telling federal prosecutors
everything he knows about Donald Trump
and he has been collecting the dirt on
Donald Trump for years and years and
years and stashing it in the National
Enquirer is safe and that dirt might
include recordings prosecutors said that
the evidence they have obtained to prove
that Michael Cohen and Donald Trump and
David pecker conspired to commit federal
crimes includes hard copy documents
seized electronic devices and audio
recordings made by mr. Cohen in the New
York Times's report
that the prosecutors might now have even
more recordings from the national
enquirer Dylan Howard the company's
chief content officer who is also said
to be cooperating was known to have a
recording device in his office according
to people familiar with his operations
and so the National Inquirer after many
years of protecting Donald Trump is now
helping a federal criminal investigation
of Donald Trump in other words David
pecker and the National Enquirer have
flipped this whole thing about flipping
they call it I know all about flipping
for 30 40 years I've been watching
flippers everything's wonderful and then
they get 10 years in jail and they they
flip on whoever the next highest one is
or as high as you can go it almost sort
of be outlawed I've had many friends
involved in this stuff it's called
flipping and it almost ought to be
illegal
he knows David pecker has flipped and he
knows what David pecker knows about him
and last night at 1:10 a.m. the
sleepless president tweeted this primal
scream no collusion rigged witch-hunt
exclamation point all capital letters
there's the President of the United
States three hours after we first
reported on this program that David
pecker had flipped and the president is
raged tweeting no collusion rigged
witch-hunt when the special prosecutor
was closing in on President Richard
Nixon he wandered the halls of the White
House at all hours of the night in a
mixture of anger depression bitterness
and drunken stupor but he didn't have
Twitter and so we didn't know the next
day what he had been thinking at 1:10
a.m. tonight is going to be worse
because tonight Donald Trump knows not
only that David pecker is cooperating
but that he's been granted immunity and
now there is more New York prosecution
investigation going on of the president
that might lead to New York City and New
York State prosecutions and the
president knows that his power of
persuasion over even his own voters
doesn't work when they take an oath as
jurors the president discovered last
night watching Fox News that Paula
Duncan who is a proud Trump voter is
also one of the juror
who voted to convict Paul Manafort on
all 18 counts she also revealed that all
of the rest of the jurors wanted to
convict Paul Manafort on all 18 counts
except for one holdout juror it was
exactly one holdout on those 10 counts
and that's the reason Paul Manafort was
convicted on eight counts and there was
a hung jury on the other tenth and
president Trump should by now know that
Paul mana forts likelihood of pleading
guilty to the charges he's scheduled to
go to trial on in Washington DC next
month skyrocketed after that Fox News
interview with that you're in metaphor
it's Virginia case because it is
possible that a Washington DC jury won't
have even a single Trump voter on it
Donald Trump got 4% of the vote in
Washington DC so if Paul Manafort goes
to trial in Washington DC he's not going
to have a jury more sympathetic to him
and Donald Trump than he had in Virginia
this week and Paul Manafort has now
discovered that even a hardcore
supporter of Donald Trump was
overwhelmed with the evidence of Paul
mana forts guilt and she had no problem
voting guilty on every count and his Fox
News interview Donald Trump praised Paul
Manafort for not flipping and said he
has quote great respect great respect
for Paul Manafort and Rudy Giuliani
delivered the hope of a pardon today to
convicted felon Paul Manafort in an
interview with The Washington Post at
5:00 p.m. today The Washington Post
reported quote President Trump asked his
lawyers several weeks ago for their
advice on the possibility of pardoning
Paul Manafort and other aides accused of
crimes his lawyer said Thursday the
subject of pardoning Manta fort came as
Trump's former campaign Chairman faced
multiple charges of bank fraud and tax
evasion and an Alexandria criminal case
Trump attorney Rudolph W Giuliani said
an intern interview Trump's lawyers
counseled the president against the idea
of pardoning anyone linked to the
investigation into Russia's interference
in the 2016 election according to
Giuliani saying Trump should at least
wait until special counsel Robert as
smaller the third has concluded his
probe Giuliani said the president agreed
and did not push the issue further
so there's mana forts almost promise of
a pardon at the end of the investigation
and on the same day that the president
discussed his own impeachment he once
again attacked his own Attorney General
and I put in attorney general that never
took control of the Justice Department
Jeff Sessions never took control of the
Justice Department and so the president
who began his presidency by asking FBI
director James Comey to drop the
investigation of Donald Trump's national
security adviser Michael Flynn's lying
to the FBI and then fire James Comey
after Jones James Comey refused to drop
that investigation the president who has
spent the better part of two years now
publicly attacking the FBI including
individual FBI agents the president who
has spent two years attacking the
Department of Justice the president who
has attacked the Deputy Attorney General
who he appointed rod Rosenstein for not
stopping an investigation into this
presidency the president who attacks
every federal prosecutor assigned to
Robert Moore's investigation of the
president and has repeatedly lied about
and attacked Robert Muller himself that
same president once again today attacked
his own Attorney General a former
senator who was enthusiastically
supported in his confirmation by every
Republican senator and so Republican
Senator Lindsey Graham just could not
take it anymore and said this we believe
he assaulted our legal system in every
way let it be said that any president
who cheats our institutions shall be
impeached
no that wasn't today that was
congressman Lindsey Graham explaining
why he voted to impeach President Bill
Clinton today after the president of the
United States once again threatened the
rule of law in this country and attacked
an insulted Lindsey Graham's dear friend
the Attorney General of the United
States Senator Lindsey Graham could not
remember the words that congressman
Lindsey Graham said on that historic day
on the House floor and instead Lindsey
Graham said this
the president's entitled to attorney
general he has faith in somebody that's
qualified for the job and I think there
will come a time sooner rather than
later where it will be time to have a
new face and a fresh voice at the
Department of Justice and there you just
witnessed be collapse of a political
civilization the president is entitled
to an attorney general he has faith in
Lindsey Graham actually said that on the
same day that the president said that
the standard prosecutorial tool that all
attorneys general have used and approved
flippin witnesses should be illegal
Lindsey Graham said the president is
entitled to an attorney general he has
faith in and Lindsey Graham knows that
the only attorney general this president
of the United States would have faith in
is an attorney general who will always
protect the President of the United
States which now means protect the
president from his friends Michael Cohen
and David pecker the friends who federal
prosecutors in New York City say
colluded to commit crimes with the
President of the United States to effect
an election thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
