and late today The Associated Press
report that the National Enquirer kept a
safe containing documents on hush money
payments and other damaging stories it
killed as part of its cozy relationship
with Donald Trump leading up to the 2016
presidential election throughout the
campaign a.m. I would act as the de
facto PR wing of the Trump campaign
promoting the candidate and savaging his
opponents me that's Hillary Clinton a
lot of that stuffing was done so
meanwhile advisors to President Trump
admitted to the New York Times that
there was no strategy for countering
news related to Michael Cohen's
bombshell Cohen's evolution by the way
represented a rapid disintegration of a
decade-long relationship between Michael
Cohen and Donald Trump according to
reporting by Emily Jane Fox in Vanity
Fair Michael Cohen quote feldy he was
being hung out to dry by the president
and those around him that he was
strapped for cash that he was willing to
do whatever it took to protect his
family
Emily joins us down also Greg brow is a
former US attorney thank you both for
joining us you know Emily give us a
sense I've watched this guy I've watched
you know what I've watched it being
portrayed on Saturday Night Live
I've watched this personality of the guy
he sounds like a terrible bully of a guy
when you listen to the recordings and
then he looks more sympathetic when he's
walking in and out of the courtroom tell
us about what made this guy turn Michael
Cohen I think that there were a couple
of moments after prosecutors came in and
seized documents from his hotel room and
at his apartment in his office in April
where he realized that what he had seen
President Trump do to people in his
orbit over the year over the years
working for the Trump Organization and
that is turn his back on people close to
him if it meant saving himself was
happening to him at that moment there
was the first initial interview that
President Trump did on Fox & Friends
this spring in which he said Michael
Cohen really only did a fraction of my
legal work that moment was a moment
where Michael Cohen realized oh maybe
he's throwing me under the bus
there were several interviews that Rudy
Giuliani did on television where he
realized that's not Rudy just saying
things for the sake of saying things
these are things that are coordinated
with
president and and other people who are
close to the president and so there was
a long build-up where he realized that
he wasn't this valued member of the
Trump team that that the Trump team was
actually turning their back on Michael
Cohen and it was a slow builds where he
realized that as his case got more
serious as prosecutors were diligently
working away and lawyers were explaining
to him that he was going to be
potentially in a lot of trouble where he
thought I'm not going to stand by and
protect this man and be loyal to this
man who was very clearly not going to
protect and be loyal to me back and
that's really what we saw build last
week it kind of came to a head it was
the first time from my reporting that
Michael Cohen was actually approached by
prosecutors and on a very short
timetable and over the weekend a deal
for him to plead guilty came together
and and at that point he was ready to
just do whatever it took to save him
financially and to save his family as
much pay as he could possibly save them
let me go to Greg on this you know I
where I came out of politics for years
and their resort loyalty was the essence
everything he's never rat on your boss I
mean he didn't in my case they ever
committed any crimes but you had a
tremendous sense of loyalty every day to
this person that's the way it worked
that was the honor of our work and you
watch mob movies there's that sort of a
merger there in the mob you look out for
the cap over whatever it is it didn't
seem like there was honor listed among
the requirements are working with this
president
yeah there's no culture of honor that I
can sense here well I think I think
Emily's right for Cohen in particular I
think the realization that he was in a
lot of trouble and facing some
significant prison time potentially
along with the fact that he started to
think as all of us kind of watched that
the president wasn't necessarily going
to be as loyal to him as he thought he
should be the president he seemed like
he turned on him early I mean he started
as you know as Emily was saying there
this this the disowning him I got a a
little bit of my legal work I got the
same thing he did with manna Ford oh we
only with me a few minutes you know I
don't really know the guy right yeah I
think for for Cohen that didn't sit well
with him and so we see the result of
that he's now
though he doesn't need to reciprocate in
terms of the loyalty well president
Trump and Michael come-ons relationship
goes back years probably decade a decade
in fact but the French have seem to have
taken a turn as we've heard after
federal prosecutors raided Cohen's
office his hotel and his home everything
let's take a look at that event so I
just heard that they broke into the
office of one of my personal attorneys
good man and it's a disgraceful
situation it's I haven't spoken to Mike
on a long time he's still your lawyer
you know he's not my lawyer but your
personal lawyer and I always liked
Michael well he was a lawyer for me for
one of many you know they would say the
lawyer and then they like to add the
fixer well I don't know if it was a
fixer I don't know where that term came
from but he's been a lawyer from they
didn't do big deals did small deals not
somebody that was with me that much you
know they make it sound like I didn't
live with without him I understood
Michael cone very well let's go back to
Emily he wasn't my fixer I think we all
know where the word fixer came from
because we know the episodes looking at
for him to keep things quiet that would
otherwise destroy marriages destroy
elections yeah I mean this is a man who
handled his problems it is possibly true
that President Trump never referred to
him as his fixer but the very definition
of what a fixer does it does is what
Michael Cohen had done for more than a
decade so doesn't really matter who came
up with the term it's also a little bit
funny for the president to say hey you
know he was one of many lawyers and I
barely saw the guy it's true that the
Trump Organization does have many
lawyers and President Trump does have
other outside attorneys but Michael
Cohen's office was right next to him in
the Trump Organization we all heard the
conversation from the tape that Cohen's
attorneys released earlier this month it
sounded like a very familiar
conversation between the two men so
whether you believe the president what
he's saying or Michael Cohen what he's
saying we've all heard with our own ears
that there is a very familiar
back-and-forth that sounded like the
kind of conversation that didn't happen
you know once every so often it sounded
like the kind of conversation that
happened every day if not you know every
couple of days there was personally this
is first time I look at this guy walking
around he seems like a sympathetic
figure he doesn't look like a bad guy
looks something like Tony Curtis the
former actor the late accurate I don't
think I got anything against him and you
know when you listen to the tapes he
sounds like a mobster
the guy sounds like he's using muscle
with people really scaring him
frightening people to death so who is he
is he the guy on the tape er is the guy
we see looking somewhat sympathetically
in and out of the corner house look I
think he looks like he's a complicated
guy I think a lot of people have
different facets to their personality
there was undoubtedly aside to Michael
Cohen that is he's a bully he is someone
who has not treated reporters
particularly well he has been sort of
playing this role as a fixer for many
years but I've interviewed him many
times I've seen the way that he
interacts with his family I've seen the
way he interacts with people on the
street and in restaurants and so there
is a side to him that is different than
the one that we've heard on recordings
to him I think he's a complicated man
who has different sides right now I can
tell you for my reporting if I spoken to
him this week he's someone with who was
grappling with what he just pleaded
guilty to who is someone who was very
concerned about his family and
understands is starting to understand
the gravity of what he is facing my last
question as a lawyer and as a prosecutor
is it I've been reading a lot about this
case does it matter that he knew we or
didn't know he was breaking the law and
all this stuff this complicated thing
with the campaign finance laws and
whether he's covering it up Reese
actually as a campaign contribution in
kind or it's just to cover up in a
marital situation that he there's a guy
like that have to know that it's a law
well I think it it what's gonna turn out
that he did know that this was a
criminal scheme and that he knew exactly
what he was doing or trying to do and
and sounds like he's gonna come clean
with all of that thank you so much for
one more time next time Greg Brower
thank you Emily Jane Fox a unique about
a unique reporting ability from you
today we really appreciate you coming on
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
