welcome back tonight we're gonna take a
look at what the Washington Post fact
checker calls for the first time yet an
outright lie
it's the Trump teams changing story
about payoffs to stormy Daniels and
Karen McDougal we thought we should put
it all in order so let's review the
bidding November 2016 The Wall Street
Journal first reports a hush money
payment for an alleged affair hope Hicks
then the campaign spokesperson says the
White House had no knowledge of any of
this let's fast forward February 2018
Michael Cohen claims he used money out
of his own pocket with no involvement
from Trump or the campaign now we go to
April 2018 Donald Trump tells reporters
on Air Force One he didn't know anything
about the payment
let's go up another month May of 2018
Rudy Giuliani tells Sean Hannity that
actually Trump did reimburse Cowan
funnel throw of him and the president
repaid it oh I didn't know that he did
yeah he did know about the specifics of
it as far as I know but he didn't know
about the general arrangement that
Michael would take care of things like
this
okay now let's fast-forward another two
months July just last month
Cohen's lawyer releases a secret tape
from before the election showing Trump
himself aware I need for the transfer of
all of that info regarding our friend
David and yesterday President Trump
finally says this later on I knew later
on and they weren't taken out of
campaign finance that's a big thing
that's a much bigger thing did they come
out of the campaign they didn't come out
of the campaign they came from me folks
President Trump and the people
surrounding him dogged Lee mislead the
public on this story for more than 21
months and it raises the question where
else is the president's truth not the
truth let's bring back the Anil Sahil
Tiffany Matthew I know Matthew that the
stormy Daniels is baked in for his
supporters but does it matter when
people realize they've been lied to for
two years no well I mean this is what I
expect right I mean I think Trump's
bluster he always he lives in the moment
and so what he says at any given moment
is going to get him to the next moment
that's all he cares about and and so and
I think his supporters as long as he is
doing what they want him to do they
allow him the space to to live by his
tactics tactics by the way that he's
kind of abided by for 30 years it's like
a form of buying time Danny as I always
say that he he'll lie in the moment just
did these get out of the moment all
right well I agree with your point but I
also think we can go one step further
and say that he really truly doesn't
understand campaign finance laws I mean
I don't I don't think this is feigning
ignorance and or doesn't care both I
really do you think it's both I don't
think he's feigning ignorance here again
is this his first job in government so I
do
think he's you know learning trial by
era one thing that he said in the Fox
News interview that was another clear
lies he of course now he hardly knows
Michael Cohen and he wasn't his fixer
well you could have fooled me because he
certainly tried to fix the situation
with stormy Daniels and Karen McDougal
and long before this ever happened how
they even met is he was a fixer in one
of the issues that he had with one of
his tenants in one of his apartment
building so this is clearly someone he's
close with and yet again he flips and
and tries to put distance there when
obviously the people have seen over the
years that's not the case and I don't
think his supporters will ever hold him
accountable for any of these lives it's
a hill the reason I wanted to do this an
anatomy and just show it over time is
that this is the challenge we have in
our industry in covering this
administration is that you know we're
like makind of know that this is likely
being mislead us and we're trying to you
were trying to help the public realize
that this is probably misleading and
eventually and here we are
but it's it this is what makes covering
him such challenging right we can point
it out and it's our job to point it out
and we do point it out when they're
falsehoods and mistruths it's up to
voters we can't control how they think
they're gonna have to decide how to
process it there are small falsehoods
and lies that you know the president has
made whether it's about crowd sizes or
whether it's about his electoral college
victory this is extremely serious I mean
this is about whether there was a
conspiracy to violate campaign finance
laws by obtaining foreign help which
directly goes to the mandate of robert
muller and the issue of russia
coordination so these mistruths and
these lies really do matter and i think
you know unlike some of the other ones
which definitely baked in I think his
critics up concluded that he's not a
truth teller his supporters don't care
in those cases this matters I guess the
the way I look at it is it while this
incident may not matter is this a
pattern right does this become a pattern
that we will see suddenly no collusion
no collusion and then suddenly we're
gonna see well alright it was a
collusion but anybody would have taken
the meeting we've seen a similar change
of story with the Trump Tower meeting
right yeah you can we're getting close
to the true same path you can tell we're
getting close to the eventual truth but
they're not going to get there until
Muller tells us what it is I think this
is why the molar report will be so
important because even though we'll be
criticized by Trump and his supporters
you will kind of have a credible
document and a statement of all the
facts that we know and by the way the
juror by the way the
Trump supporting juror sort of
reinforces your point when she talked
about well my god
there was the boxes of evidence right
yeah and once you have that then the
dynamic might change and of course the
same thing applies if the Democrats take
over right one or both houses of the
Congress
all of these changing statements will be
thrown back into precedent Trump's face
because of the nature of his opposition
we have to keep in mind that we still
don't know what the special council
knows right so I think the evidence is
literally going to come through dripping
like we haven't seen the last of this
there's gonna be a lot more and so all
these Republicans who are standing in
silence at a certain point they're gonna
be forced to speak out and I would just
say the hell I did think that you know
I've worked in media for 20 years I do
think the media it's like trying to
catch confetti covering this
administration but I think sometimes
there is a talent much nicer way of
putting it remember my favorite one that
Steve Hayes put it he did it differently
you talk about cleaning up after your
dog it's a different literally we all
look like that Kermit the Frog meme
every morning trying to you know follow
what's happening in this administration
but I would challenge though I do think
you know this is one of the things that
we try to do in my platform is focus on
the issues you know I mean the the
viewers do tend to want yellow
journalism and that salacious headline
and I do think there's a lot of other
things that's happening and so when you
have these issues happening in the media
and then you know somebody says it's
snowing outside and the media feels like
well we have to find somebody who says
it isn't snowing outside I think this is
where you get voters caught up and not
challenging this president when he does
blatantly lie well this is where you
know we fact-check a lot in this would
you know we're doing in this segment we
got the window and decide whether it's
snowing and in this case it's not
snowing truth isn't true I will leave it
there hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
