we start with that breaking news NBC
News has just confirmed that one of
president Trump's longtime friends and
man who may know his secrets better than
just about anyone was granted immunity
in the michael cohen case his name is
Michael pecker he is the CEO of the
company that publishes the National
Enquirer let's start with the man who
breaks a lot of stories for us here at
NBC News Tom winter is with me Hans
Nichols is daily bat for us at the White
House Tom tell us all that you know walk
us through this and why this is
potentially so important so Craig this
story was first reported by the Wall
Street Journal and it's that in the
course of the Michael Cohen
investigation which of course wrapped up
on Tuesday with his guilty plea to eight
counts here in New York that in the
course of that investigation federal
prosecutors gave David Peck or the CEO
of American Mena media excuse me
immunity in that case to help with their
investigation and this directly relates
to count seven one of the counts that
involves potentially the President of
the United States here or implicates the
President of the United States directly
and it is tied to Karen McDougal there
was a payment of $150,000 made to Karen
McDougal by American media of course
David pecker is the CEO of that company
and as you said it's there the company
that owns the National Enquirer and so
they made that payment to Karen McDougal
according to the charges at the
direction of the president United States
through Michael Cohen so that so this is
one of the two counts that has to do
with payments that were made to women
during the course of the election
process directed by the president United
States and in an orchestrated by Michael
Cohen so when you look at that specific
charge and you see that David pecker was
granted immunity presumably he was able
to tell prosecutors exactly how this
worked exactly how this payment came to
be and was able to provide some
testimony we also know that as we've
reported earlier this week is you and I
talked yesterday that they have there's
text messages communications all sorts
of different evidence that federal
prosecutors and federal investigators
were able to get in this case so
presumably some of his testimony could
walk them through some of that evidence
that they were able to get some of those
communications for the corroborated or
vice-versa things that he was able to
tell
they were able to corroborate with some
of the evidence that was taken from
Michael Cohen as part of that court
authorized search so this is somebody
who based on reports that we've seen
before in leading up to this guilty plea
by Michael Cohen somebody who's had a
really a long term relationship with the
president there predates his
presidential run that predates really a
lot of his politics that we've seen here
in the last couple of years so the fact
that he was given immunity presumably
that means that he was able to give
prosecutors information that was helpful
to them and he was able to do so by
being granted that immunity he was able
to do so without his fear of being
either being indicted or getting a
criminal trouble himself it would seem
as if this is another instance date with
David Packer here this is another
instance where one of the president's
friends or confidants has flipped yeah I
would say it's a little bit different
from in technical terms but yeah if you
want to look at it from a broader
picture this is somebody who's very
close to the president who is either
admitted guilt as Michael Cohen did or
is somebody who is cooperated in
providing information about illegal
activity that the president may have
been privy to or directly involved in so
yeah this is somebody another person
that's close to him that is involved in
legal trouble it is somebody who is
decided to either cooperate or
capitulate and plead guilty do we know
whether this is all that the David
pecker told prosecutors do we know if
there's other information that mr.
pecker might have provided to
prosecutors unrelated to this particular
case but perhaps related to another case
involving the President or Michael Cole
so that's the exact question to ask and
I think at this point we don't know yet
if his information went beyond the
specific count count seven that's in the
criminal information that I have here or
whether or not this goes to any sort of
other active investigation that's
ongoing of course we know that the case
involving Michael Cohen was coordinated
with and in conjunction with the special
counsel's office Robert Muller so does
he have anything that extends beyond
that we don't know it would we would
presume perhaps that it's tightly
correlated to to this specific
allegation and the specific payment but
right now Craig we don't know if it goes
beyond that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
