we begin this morning with the president
offering his opinion on what the
midterms should be about but does it
match what voters care about or what the
actual candidates are talking about I
have a great team here to break all of
it down but first let me tell you where
we stand with just 18 days to go before
voters cast their ballots president
waking up this morning in Scottsdale
Arizona that is just a short drive away
from the city of Mesa where he'll be
holding another rally later tonight why
Arizona because the Republican Senate
candidate there martha mcsalley is in a
dead heat with her opponent kristen
cinema the races there are nearly as
tight as in Montana where you know he
was last night and in Nevada where he'll
be tomorrow and what does the president
think we'll put Republicans over the top
for some of us this will be of Cavanaugh
the caravan law-and-order
and common sense that's what it's going
to be it's going to be an election of
those things well that might be what the
president wants to talk about but it is
not necessarily what the voters want to
talk about according to a new NBC News
Wall Street Journal the economy is the
top concern the number one concern
something the president spent very
little time on last night during the
rally immigration checked in as the
fifth most important issue behind
corruption health care and foreign
policy but the president wants to make
it a number-one issue
pushing a thinly veiled conspiracy
theory that Democrats somehow helped
create a caravan of migrants headed to
the border
please listen now we're starting to find
out and I won't say it a hundred percent
I put a little tiny question mark at the
end but we're probably not going to eat
it but we have to fake news back there
a lot of money's been passing to people
to come up and try and get to the border
by Election Day because they think
that's a negative for us there were
those who say that caravan didn't just
happen it didn't just happen well you
got the real news right here sir
that's not a question mark that's
nonsense meanwhile Democrats have been
trying to keep the focus on health care
the top issue for their base but
Republicans have started running ads on
that too claiming they want to keep
Obama cares coverage with people who
have pre-existing conditions Democrats
are trying to fact check in real time
pointing out that many of these very
Republicans previously voted to get rid
of all Obamacare including the coverage
they now claim to support please listen
I've voted to protect people with
pre-existing conditions to make sure
insurance companies were forced to give
them health care the reality is that we
took the vote and during the vote martha
voted to repeal these protections seven
different times
I voted while I was in the United States
Congress in favor of covering
pre-existing illness the one mechanism
that's been in place to protect that he
has been against relentlessly attacked
it from the beginning we can protect
people and we must with pre-existing
conditions but they shouldn't be forced
to pay the prices they're paying now
this lawsuit is so reckless because
there's no backup here there's no
back-up plan for pre-existing conditions
if he's successful
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
