do you makes a better deal when he uses
me like everybody else and one of the
reasons I respect fall man afford so
much is he went through that trial you
know they make up stories people make up
stories this whole thing about flipping
they call it I know all about flipping
for 30 40 years I've been watching
flippers everything's wonderful and then
they get 10 years in jail and they they
flip on whoever the next highest one is
or as high as you can go
it almost sort of be outlawed it's not
fair because if somebody's gonna give
spend five years like Michael Khan or
ten years or fifteen years in jail
because of a taxicab industry because he
defrauded some Bank the last two were
the tiny ones you know campaign
violations are considered not a big deal
frankly but if somebody de frauded a
bank and he's gonna get ten years in
jail or 20 years in jail but if you can
say something bad about Donald Trump and
you'll go down to two years or three
years which is the deal he made in will
fairness to him most people are going to
do that and I've seen it many times I've
had many friends involved in this stuff
it's called flipping and it almost ought
to be illegal wow-wow Benjamin with us
we will let you stew on that a little
bit and get right back to you John
fedora President Trump is reportedly
considering a pardon for Paul Manafort
using a similar rationale that's been
floated for why top Trump campaign
officials met with Russians at Trump
Tower in 2016 that defense is everybody
does it take a look I have great respect
for what he's done in terms of what he's
gone through you know you worked for
Ronald Reagan for years he worked for
Bob Dole he worked I guess his firm work
for McCain he worked for many many
people many many years and I would say
what he did some of the charges they
threw against him every consultant every
lobbyist in Washington probably does
according to Fox News the president
reportedly said that he would consider
pardoning men afford the former head of
the Trump campaign was convicted on
Tuesday on eight counts of bank and tax
fraud as well as failing to disclose
foreign bank accounts the president sent
spent part of the day yesterday railing
against the outcome of mana Ford's trial
and the jury being unable to reach a
verdict of on 10 of the other counts
against him he wrote on Twitter the
president a large number of counts 10
could not even be decided in the Paul
mana Ford case witch-hunt
but we now know a single juror held out
on convicting men afford on all 18
charges Trump added I feel very badly
for Paul Manafort and his wonderful
family justice took a 12 year old tax
case among other things applied
tremendous pressure on him and unlike
Cohen he refused to break make up
stories in order to get a deal such
respect for a brave man following the
president's tweets the White House
disputed that he was planning on
pardoning Manafort
the manic court case doesn't have
anything to do with the president
doesn't have anything to do with his
campaign it doesn't have anything to do
with the White House even if it has
nothing to do with the president he
still could have it
so pardon mr. Bennett Ford is that
something that he's on discussing with
the team that I'm not aware of any
conversations regarding that at all
actually when he was asked by a news
outlet earlier this week and he said
that he hadn't been thinking about that
at all
one of the more useless moments of the
day would be the White House press
briefing every single day so John Breaux
dorrance the concept of potentially
parting mana fort and flipping should be
outlawed go okay so he is the as the
head of the executive branch
he is the chief criminal justice officer
in the United States and you just heard
the president United States say that the
one of the key ways in which you uncover
a criminal conspiratorial action which
is to put pressure on a defendant to
give up other people who were involved
in that conspiracy should be outlawed so
let's just think about that for a minute
that's number one number two is what
he's doing the man afford is eyed people
are always analogizing everything to the
Godfather but in the Godfather Part two
there's this famous thing where Frankie
five angels is going to testify against
the Corleone family and they go and get
his brother from Sicily to sit in the
courtroom to shame him into not
testifying because that would be
dishonorable this is Trump saying
tamanna Ford don't break don't break
don't flip I respect you you're
wonderful what a great guy love your
family don't break and I guess in there
is the hint that he might pardon him by
the way I thought that Godfather analogy
I thought they were gonna kill the
brother not that yeah maybe that was the
reason this guy's but what I find
amazing about Trump but mr. strength and
mr. bravery he's he would be the first
human being in the history of human
beings that would flip on anybody I
actually believe that even if it came to
his children he would send his children
to jail before he would go to jail I
think he's that level that depraved and
that empty of any moral center so I
that he sits there and talks about the
weakness and the breaking point stunning
all right so I want to hear from Sam and
cat E on the Republicans at what point
do they break and is it a pardon but
first
Benjamin witness is a pardon possible
and and what are what are the legal
avenues anyone could take if that
happens a pardon is certainly possible
the president's power to pardon people
for federal offenses is essentially
unrestricted and Paul Manafort has now
convictions and a trial coming up and
all of those charges are charges on
which the president could theoretically
pardon him I think we have to reflect I
want to sort of amplify a point that Jon
just made you know the president is the
chief law enforcement officer of the
United States he's the executive officer
he takes an oath to preserve and protect
the Constitution and to take care that
the laws are faithfully executed and you
just showed a whole bunch of clips of
him encouraging somebody not to
cooperate with a lawful federal
investigation in which he has personal
interests and I I just think that is
worth pausing over it is because he is
such a peculiar figure we treat it as
this comical thing and talk about it in
terms of the Godfather and whatever this
is the President of the United States
who went on television yesterday and
talked disparagingly about the idea of
cooperating with federal law enforcement
that should shock people I mean that's
an impeachable offense I mean if you
actually think about it in an art in a
series of articles of impeachment the
idea that the president would knowingly
advocate impeding federal investigations
could be viewed as an impeach as a high
crime and misdemeanor as a violation of
his constitutional oath the only thing
that's going on is the president
he's like a fish on a hot dry dock
flipping around trying to get water
that's the flipping that's going on
right now and he ain't going back into
the water I don't know how this ends but
I'll tell you right now the walls appear
to be closing in the question for Sam
caddy and Eddie after the break will be
about the Republicans and if the pardon
is a bridge too far for this president
and for them in terms of their support
for him we'll be right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
