Trump is timing out for about the latest
convictions against his former campaign
chairman Paul Manafort saying quote I
feel very badly for Paul Manafort and
his wonderful family justice took a 12
year old tax case among other things
applied tremendous pressure on him and
unlike Michael Cohen he refused to break
make up stories in order to get a deal
such respect for a brave man a large
number of counts 10 could not even be
decided in the mana Ford case witch-hunt
that'll be the end of the tweet and this
is just the president's latest defense
of mana fort listen to this a metaphor
it has nothing to do with our campaign
but I feel so I'd a I feel a little
badly about if they went back twelve
years to get things that he did 12 years
ago I think the old man at for trial is
very sad when you look at what's going
on there I think it's a very sad day for
our country he worked for me for a very
short period of time but you know what
he happens to be a very good person and
I think it's very sad what they've done
the Paul Manafort I feel very badly
Ronald Reagan
men afford had nothing to do with our
campaign that'd be a straight-up lie
months ago the New York Times reported
the idea of a pardon for man afford and
Trump's former national security adviser
Michael Flynn had already been floated
by trumps lawyer John Dowd who's since
resigned let's take a look at how any
pardons would actually work the
president can forgive someone for a
crime or excused someone from punishment
listed in article 2 section 2 of the
Constitution we should also note that
the president can extend a pardon to
someone who's not yet even been
convicted of a crime while it's broad
there are some limitations that apply
here first a presidential pardon can
only be extended to those convicted of
crimes in a federal court that's the
case for Manta for had he been facing
charges in a state court the president
would not have the power to pardon him
now let's look at the pros of a pardon
for Manta for the first glance Trump
extending a pardon is completely legal
this is an executive power Congress
cannot reverse or stop a pardon on the
flip side while Congress has absolutely
no say in presidential pardons if they
found the president is abusing pardons
by four corrupt purposes which this
might be they still reserve the right to
pursue impeachment which we discussed
earlier requires a simple majority in
Congress but two-thirds of the Senate
here with us now is former Deputy
Assistant Attorney General under george
w bush bush Tom Dupree also joining us
is former assistant US attorney for the
Southern District of New York Daniel
Goldman guys thanks for being with us
Todd let me start with you Michael
Cohen's lawyer Lanny Davis said today
that he wouldn't accept a pardon if
Trump even offered one up you know if
that's true but that's what his lawyer
said he would say with metaphor is there
any reason for him not to accept a
pardon from the president I don't see
any reason why Paul Manafort would not
accept a pardon from the president in
fact one school of thought is the very
reason why manna fort was willing to
roll the dice go to trial rather than
take a plea as so many other people have
in the Moller investigation is precisely
because he thought there might be the
possibility of a pardon down the road
from the president the other option that
the president could at least consider is
whether to commute manna forts sentence
which would mean even though the
conviction would still remain he
wouldn't
serving jail time let's talk about that
Daniel for a second Michael Flynn has
not been sentenced yet he's pleaded
guilty Papadopoulos the special counsel
said didn't provide substantial evidence
and the the the government the well our
investigation has not challenged what
the Sentencing Guidelines for him would
be zero six months but he sent out a
weird tweet I think it was yesterday
saying decision time what he could could
the president you know do a few things
accomplish a few things by suggesting a
pardon for Manta Court and what do you
do it now well I absolutely think that
mana Ford is playing the part in long
game here and we will know that almost
for sure by September seventeenth when
this trial in Washington DC is set to
begin because the time to cooperate the
last best chance is right now right and
interestingly mana Ford's lawyer when he
got out of court yesterday did not say
as many defense lawyers do we will
appeal this we will we have many issues
during all Islam we are evaluating our
options which is an indication they're
thinking about a lot of things I have
thought for a long time that mana Ford
is playing the pardon game in part
because there's no other sensible
rationale to choosing to have two trials
right it only benefits the government
and so when you start to see Donald
Trump's tweets and statements about here
good guy and he's treated unfairly which
mirrors some of the statements he made
about other people that he might
hardened the writing is quite obviously
on the wall as to Flynn and Papadopoulos
we're starting to see a little bit more
into the recesses of Muller's
investigation not the substance but some
of the the background stuff first of all
Papadopoulos apparently attempted to
cooperate but was unsuccessful because
he didn't tell the truth right so he's
wiped out and I he's lower level so he's
not as important but Michael Flynn
sentence being extended indicates that
there is still an ongoing investigation
where Bob Muller and the special
counsels office needs Michael Flynn
right and his potential testimony and
that is significant because it means
that there's very potentially more
coming down the pipe remember Tom we
knew about manna fort and his
involvement long before we knew about
Michael Cohen paying off these two women
a lot of Americans who are sitting there
saying all they needed was the evidence
of michael cohen produced that he paid
these women with the intention of
influencing the election but but others
say really mana fort and what he knew
about the russians is more important
right now and it does seem from the
president's tweets that he's actually
worried more about mana fort and what he
could say than what mike michael collins
already said for some reason i'm not
sure why that is but he does seem to be
more concerned about it yeah you know
that's a good point and honestly the the
president seems i think should be
worried about both separate prosecutions
as far as mana fort goes look that the
question is what if anything did mana
fort know about the campaign's
involvement with the russians i tend to
think that there is a good chance that
Manta Ford actually doesn't have an
enormous amount of information to give
Moeller because if he had maybe we would
have seen a plea bargain earlier in the
process of course it is also possible
that Manta Ford is playing the long game
as I said earlier that would be one
explanation as to why he was willing to
roll the dice and go to trial I do think
the next few months are going to be
telling because if mana Ford's second
trial goes forth and there's another
conviction I mean at some point the
opportunities from Manta Ford to
cooperate with Bob Muller will have
evaporated totally hey MSNBC fans thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
