- explosive stories that we're tracking
on this historic night one directly
implicating President Trump himself in
criminal wrongdoing today the jury in
the mana for trial delivered eight
guilty counts and deadlocked on the
other ten but it's the Michael Cohen
case that's shaking the political and
legal worlds tonight Trump's longtime
personal lawyer and fixer Michael Cohen
pleading guilty to eight counts
including two criminal campaign finance
violations he said occurred quote at the
direction of the candidate end quote
Cohen did not name the candidate in
court but the meaning appears clear
Cohen detailing a payment of one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars to a woman
who he silenced he wanted to secure
those details match what's publicly
reported about a payoff to Karen
McDougal Cohen's saying it was done
quote for the principle purpose of
influencing the election Cohen also
pleading guilty to making an excessive
campaign contribution that's related to
the payment of one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars made to a woman in
October of 2016 just weeks before the
election at the direction of the same
candidate those details match what we
know about the stormy Daniels payment
moments ago here's the prosecutor he
worked to pay money to silence two women
who had information that he believed
would be detrimental to the 2016
campaign and to the candidate and the
campaign
in addition mr. Cohen sought
reimbursement for that money by
submitting info invoices to the
candidates company which were untrue and
false the bombshell news raising all
sorts of questions chief among them what
liability does the president now have
amid all of this the Paul Manafort news
trumps former campaign chair found
guilty today on eight counts five counts
of tax fraud one count of failing to
file a foreign bank account and two
counts of bank fraud the judge declaring
a mistrial on ten other counts after the
jury failed to reach consensus
Trump landing moments ago in West
Virginia for a political event said this
that
watching
in collusion
no comments at all about his frilled
friend michael cohen the bottom line
tonight the list of Trump associates
found or pleading guilty group the
danger for him has increased
exponentially and the scandal is now
right at the doorstep of the White House
joining me now from outside the
courthouse as NBC News Tom winter who
first broke the story of Cohen's talks
of a plea deal
former Watergate prosecutor Nick
Ackerman former FBI special agent Clint
Watts and the New York Times Megan tui
thanks to all of you for being here Tom
let's start with you I have something
you may not have even had your chance a
chance to get your held your hands on
yet I think you've said it to me but I
don't know if you've read through it
it's the information that details
everything that he said everything the
michael cohen has told them he knows
it's a lot yeah it is a lot i mean if we
had a full allocation from michael cohen
the proceedings took place nearly an
hour and a half michael cohen appear to
be anxious to speak once he got up he
told the judge that he wrote down some
notes he said that he was going to tell
the judge exactly what he did and he
went through the counts the first five
counts are fairly simple because they
just involved tax evasion but they're
fairly significant amounts of tax
evasion to the tune of north of 4
million according to Deputy US Attorney
robert kisame and then from there he
detailed an effort to to get a home
equity loan a HELOC loan that he did not
forthright was not forthright with the
bank as far as detailing the liabilities
they had basically the expenses that he
had what he owed other people and then
he got to the to the charges that are
obviously ricocheting across the
political universe tonight which are the
ones that involve appear to involve the
president United States and that he was
directed to make payments in
coordination with the candidate and with
the campaign of President Donald Trump
to two women one was in one involved a
payment to a woman for $150,000 that's
believed to be Karen McDougal the second
to a payment believed to be stormy
Daniels in October of 27 2016 rather
for $130,000 and for that payment
Michael Cohen told the court that he
received restitution for that payment or
he received the money back for that
payment from the candidate who believed
to be President Donald Trump so
throughout this investigation this
particular investigation which stemmed
from the special counsels office from
Robert Butler has been done in
coordination with that office been
prosecuted by career and seasoned public
corruption public corruption
investigators here in New York both on
the FBI side as well as with the United
States Attorney's Office today they
brought home a significant criminal
information that Michael Cohen has pled
guilty to eight counts in total he faces
several years in jail at a minimum Ali
he could face north of six years in jail
as part of his agreement so this was not
a slap on the wrist by any means what he
was able to coordinate and what he was
able to agree to with the help of his
attorneys with prosecutors here and I
think right now this is an investigation
that is taking itself right into the
president's campaign directly and into
actions that may have occurred once the
president was elected so we've got a lot
of information and a lot of things to
develop over the coming in and read that
criminal information so me too I've been
going through it voluminous you're the
detail then I am but I'm just reading
now count seven seven and eight are the
ones that referred to Karen McDougal and
stormy McDaniels with stormy Daniels
we're talking about the hundred and
fifty thousand dollar payment to Karen
McDougal it reads here
Cohen caused corporation one to make an
advance a hundred and fifty thousand
dollar payment to woman one including
through the promise of reimbursement so
as to ensure that woman one did not
publicize damaging allegations before
the 2016 presidential election and
thereby influence the election Nick
Ackerman the Thomas big generous saying
that it implicates the campaign the
president has repeatedly denied
knowledge of these things and repeatedly
denied while president and while in
office this implicates the President of
the United States there's no question
about it this makes the president United
States an unindicted co-conspirator this
is the first time this has happened
since Richard Nixon who
name this nan and I donned indicted
co-conspirator in the Watergate hi this
is a big well I don't tend to disagree
with you much but you are actually wrong
because Rudy Giuliani has just released
a statement that counters exactly what
you're saying it says there is no
allegation of any wrongdoing against the
president in the government's charges
against Michael Cohen it is clear that
as the prosecutor noted mr. Cohen's
actions reflect a pattern of Lies and
dishonesty over a significant period of
time I don't know if you expected a
different statement this is the exact
same kind of nonsense that Rudy Giuliani
has been putting out for months the fact
of the matter is if you read this
indictment he's doing it at the
direction of Donald Trump if he's doing
it at the diol direction of Donald Trump
there's a conspiracy it's an agreement
an agreement to commit with campaign
financing crimes it's a five-year felony
this is a serious matter a Cohen didn't
do this on his own he didn't suddenly
come up with the idea oh I've got to go
pay stormy Daniels 150,000 dollars he
had no connection to stormy Daniels he
didn't know whose stormy Daniels was the
only way he would have had the ability
to know any of that was because Donald
Trump told him about it
Donald Trump told him that there was a
danger that she was going to release all
this information before the Illinois and
it's very very well detailed in here
megyn but the question of course most
thinking people realized that what what
Nick said that there's no reason why
Michael Cohen would have been paying
random people well I mean what's what's
clear is that I would actually sort of
clarify that that that in the case of
stormy stormy Daniels hurt her
allegations that she had engaged in a
consensual sexual relationship with
Trump had been percolating right prior
to the time of her payoff it was
something that had been sort of rearing
its head going back down so it was
something that Cohen in Trump were both
well aware of for some time prior to the
payment to her prior to the election and
so the question though is just there
were these repeated denials this is a
mystery that's been kind of unraveling
over the course of the year at first
Trump and his representatives that he
had absolutely no you know he was not
aware he's paying
it's clearly I mean today that you know
that that blows their statements out of
the water and so it's it's it's
remarkable that that these and it's not
just the it's not just Trump I mean it's
important if you are looking at
potential other the other people
involved in this potential campaign
violation conspiracy you're also looking
at American media in court you know and
the CND was involved the information is
very detailed about American media and
the fact that they had conversations
with the campaign about helping Donald
Trump out by buying stories or figuring
out ways to avoid the publication of
stories negative to Donald Trump Pryor
today prior to today we knew that
Michael Cohen had made the 140 thousand
dollar payment to stormy Daniel that's
been acknowledged all around right
exactly what it wasn't clear that he
wasn't there wasn't a sort of smoking
gun that had tied him to this one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars that
was paid to Karen McDougal career by
American media to purchase it to
basically catch and kill her story of an
affair so today we've got not only Cohen
directly involved in that him admitting
that but also once again this huge
bombshell that this that all of these
things were done at the direct and
direction of Trump so let's narrow into
what the issue actually is here Michael
Cohen is too many people an unsavory
character and not particularly relevant
if he did things with his taxi
medallions the question is what the
liability is for the president the
United States landing Davis Michael
Cohen's newest attorneys has just
tweeted today stood up and testified
under oath that Donald Trump directed
him to commit a crime by making payments
to two women for the principle purpose
of influencing an election if those
payments were a crime for Michael Cohen
why wouldn't they be a crime for Donald
Trump Clinton there's been a tell in
this from the very beginning the squads
that showed up to do the search warrant
were public corruption this was in a
white collar case that's right not a
fraud case we were investigating we've
got actions of the President to be we've
heard tapes we've heard tapes that even
say let's do it in cash essentially
saying I knew what I'm doing I knew what
the intent was I knew that I should
probably do it in this way the
question that I think we've been
discussing is does the President or then
Canada Trump even realize that this is a
violation is this a charge that you
really can't do this these guys all seem
to be operating almost kind of like
business as normal but they they were
very sloppy job this went down in terms
of the investigation there's direct
connections usually in a criminal
conspiracy that would try and cloak or
shell the money and shell money and
pieces to try and cover what the
payments are for this seems to be a very
rapid case and as just we saw with the
the Special Master this moved very
quickly after that evidence was proved
this means this case is very solid in my
opinion they had the evidence lined up
and that's why Cohen is going this route
to this so tom winter you know a lot of
people are gonna say Donald Trump's
gonna say these lying he said it already
they put out a pattern of lies in
dishonesty over a significant period of
time but this information has details it
talks about how Michael Cohen's set up
essential consultants the company it
talks about the encrypted services that
were used to communicate I would imagine
Michael Cohen wouldn't be in this
conversation if he didn't come with
information that the that the Southern
District of New York would find
compelling and have proof of yeah I mean
I think a number of people have asked me
they said so what about a cooperation
agreement and what does it say it is
plea agreement and I think you know when
you directly implicate and when you
provide the context that Michael Cohen
was clearly able to do in court today
under oath he was sworn in when he did
that and then you directly implicate the
president and you're able to provide
information which is is contained in the
criminal information as far as the
specifics about it and he also testified
that he did these things with intent and
that's something that the US Attorney's
Office in court the prosecutor said
throughout they wanted to point out that
that he had intent not just on the
charges that relate to the president but
on the tax fraud charges on the count
six as far as the the the charges tied
to banking all of that he was in a
position where he was where he was Ali
where he was doing this with intent and
he said so so I think when you come
across and you say those things when you
have the allocution that
today and he so clearly laid out all the
things that he did those are things that
are going to be corroborated and I think
the criminal information and the what
the investigation was able to find
clearly spells that out and we're also
talking about banking issues here and
we're talking about about crimes that
involve a paper trail
I mean we're gonna have money that's
transferred from person X to person Y
these are not things that you need
somebody's testimony for the bottom line
is that's what happened money was
transferred from one person to another
and that there's communications that can
be found back and forth so I think when
you look at this I think you look and
you say there's a lot of underlying
evidence to anything that Michael Cohen
Alec you did today Alec you do today in
court alright Tom you've kept us ahead
of this thing by a few steps all day
with your amazing reporting throughout
all those so thank you for that Meghan I
have to ask you at some point this
statement that Rudy Giuliani's put up
again nobody's surprised by the talking
about mr. Cohen's action reflective
pattern of Lies and dishonesty over a
significant period of time that's not
entirely untrue so this is it for a lot
of people this is tricky like okay
Michael Cohen's all of a sudden my hero
tonight the guy was a bit of a bad egg
yeah I mean Michael Cohen had a he was
known as Trump's fixer a total Bulldog
somebody who would go on the attack
against anybody who was coming at Trump
with allegations stories even if they
were true he was known to fiercely
attack reporters who were print you know
preparing stories that were gonna
reflect negatively on Trump and so he
you know he and to also change his story
over time but it's also interesting
Giuliani himself as somebody who has
changed has been part of a sort of
changing narrative on this story I mean
it took at first they said they didn't
know anything about these payments then
Giuliani acknowledged that Trump had
been reimbursed for that Cohen the Trump
had reimbursed Cohen for the payments
made to stormy Daniels Trump tried to
sort of walk back some of the things
that Giuliani had said they'd have
they've had a very hard time getting
their stories right and so I think but
but once again the the reimbursements
what happened with the money after the
fact it's interesting what we've learned
today is that that Cohen actually
submitted invoices for the Trump
Organization you know he'd claimed
before that the Trump Organization was
not
part of this that you know that there
was no reimbursement through the Trump
Organization there are details in here
of not only invoices submitted but extra
money Michael Cohen was paid I guess in
goodwill or
for services rendered it's this thing is
is backed up by documents and receipts
as but I think I think the interesting
documents that everybody will be looking
for is you know go beyond the
reimbursements that happened after the
fact it would be what was the
communication that happened on the front
end right is directing you know whatever
when when Cohen says that he did this at
the direction of Trump a federal
candidate what did that look like in
practice were these conversations that
they had was this something that was put
in writing and I think those are the
records that but basically the proof
that that Trump was involved on this on
the front end not the reimbursements on
the back end but the communication in
the direction on the front end I think
that's where you know sort of all eyes
will go moving forward yeah and there's
some details in count seven about this
Clint I want you to sort of help us
understand the degree to which this
isn't some Rando who's been charged with
some crimes the fact is there is now no
way that the president despite what Rudy
Giuliani has put out can can creatively
excuse himself from this discussion this
isn't about just people in the campaign
you know he is talking about having been
directed to do this by a federal
candidate by the candidate he does not
there's no Trump's name does not appear
in here but you'd have to have lost all
your marbles not to be able to put two
and two together unless you happen to
think it's Hillary Clinton he was
charged to try and keep outcomes in the
election from occurring that's what he
was charged for doing and the other
thing that's important to note here
that's different from the obstruction
case we talk about this all the time he
said he said he said she said whatever
it might be this is not the case here
because there is documented evidence in
that deal in that agreement today which
is not just all : said this Trump said
this it said there's Trump said this
there is a tape out there and oh by the
way here are these bank transfers here
these financial transfers here are these
communications that's a much stronger
case than you're going to see that this
is easy to read this is not complicated
yeah any sort of conversational thing
money and communications that's where
the strongest cases always fall and
right there is a document that's filled
with those and I thought that it was
interesting if you listen to the
prosecutor when he came out of the
courthouse and was addressing the crowd
he said after sort of spelling out the
charges he kind of went back to the
campaign finance issue and if I heard
him correctly said that he would be
prepared to pursue additional campaign
finance charges so that really resupply
the Trump Organization as well maybe the
president and maybe American media hey
I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
