I don't care about politics look I don't
care about pokemons but that doesn't
mean it won't keep on coming back that's
actually what people in power are
betting on that you'll check out that
you won't vote and when you opt out
that's what allows other people to
essentially fill that void it allows
them to do nothing about the things that
you'd like to see government do so if
you really want to throw a wrench in
their plans throw them out
vote in somebody better former President
Barack Obama in a new video making the
case against some of the excuses
Americans give for not voting our next
guest is leading the effort to mobilize
Democratic voters chairman of the
Democratic National Committee Tom Perez
joins us now
also with us professor at Princeton
University Eddie Glaude jr. and
professor at the US Naval War College
and author of the book the death of
expertise Tom Nicholas is with us good
to have you all on board it's like
really the most professors I've been so
economics on Charlie Rose because I get
halfway through econ 101 yeah and then
drop the course - hi Tom let me ask you
the question first I'm hearing it you
know it's the words getting around it's
disturbing a lot of Democrats report
that over half the Hispanic voters in
America say they have not been contacted
by anybody about getting out and voting
one is that true - if it is true what
are you guys doing about it over the
next 18 days oh it's all about outreach
it's all about the blocking and tackling
of getting out our operation our
investments and and the hour is not just
the DNC it's the whole democratic
infrastructure an ecosystem
you know our investments are more than
any other midterm election so how do you
reach that specifically dispatch because
if you if you get a good Hispanic
turnout you win Arizona and you win it I
was in Nevada on Sunday we have out
registered Republicans in Nevada
something like 6 to 1 and it's Latinos
East Las Vegas hardness
market out there registering voters in
in Pennsylvania in Florida we purchased
that seven eight seven area code folks
who had to leave the island because of
the storm they settle in Florida we
purchased their we go to a vendor give
me the seven eight seven area codes that
have been pinion for at least a month we
we identify hundreds of thousands of
Puerto Ricans in Florida eighty thousand
in Pennsylvania and we're organizing
right around them are organizing
infrastructure is more robust than any
midterm cycle we've been contacting
these folks along for quite some time
and we've got a lot of partners in there
so every Democrat primary turnout was up
eighty nine percent this year from 2014
it's not just Latinos that we're
reaching out to its Asian Americans
African Americans rural voters because
we all too frequently ignored rural
voters as you have correctly pointed out
and and the energy is there and in right
now it's all about blocking and tackling
it's all about talking about it so
health care and you just said it it's
all about blocking and tackling you can
talk about what Don Trump did over the
past two years but it is knocking on
doors idea voters getting them out to
vote or the Republicans going to beat
Democrats again at that in 2000 Ono and
let me give you a great example
Wisconsin
you know Wisconsin we have had the
largest investment we've ever had in a
midterm cycle and by the way there are
twelve governor races right now
Republican governors where we have an
opportunity to flip them we invested a
year ago there was a race down in the
southwest corner of Wisconsin where a
state senator in beet-red Trump
territory is able to win that race the
Democrat fast forward to April a state
Supreme Court race because we had an
organizing infrastructure on the ground
that Democrat wins by 11 points Scott
Walker's in trouble and that's because
we've organized organized early
organized everywhere and we're fielding
candidates everywhere in Ohio the state
legislature every Statehouse seat and
every state Senate seat has a Democratic
candle that hasn't happened before and
that gets people excited
Tom nickel I am optimistic professor
nickels let me go to you for saying I'm
wondering if your impression has been
the same as mine a guy that's voted
Republican my entire life I find myself
in a strange position now are you gonna
vote wanting Democrats to provide a
check on on Donald Trump over the next
couple years but I've been extremely
frustrated that after the Cavanagh
hearings a lot of my Democratic friends
like oh this is so terrible and they
just seem beaten down it's not exactly
the DNA of the Republicans we grew up
with is it no and on this i'm i should
add by the way i represent my own views
not the Naval War College on this I'm on
the side of James Madison I'm I'm I
think the answer for America is divided
government
we've tried one-party rule it hasn't
worked out very well but I think that
you're right that the Republican
approach to this has been strangely
empowering of one-party majoritarian
strong executive government which was
never really are bad and yeah the
Democrats do seem kind of defeated by
that or dispirited by it and in midterms
that that makes a difference the
Republicans are going to show up as they
always do
yeah Eddie are you discouraged okay
that's what I'm talking about but that's
cuz you're from Mississippi yeah I don't
feel it no no I'm not discouraged at all
I think the interesting thing is this
I've been listening to you all morning
and and one of the things is this kind
of rhetorical Tramp if Democrats come
out and do the thing that you just said
Republicans almost have an immediate
response but who cares see that's the
thing Republicans to go after them you
keep punching you don't care
rhetorically if you're punching a guy in
the face what he says to you while
you're punching him in the face
Republicans don't care isn't the answer
for Democrats to stop caring what Donald
Trump sighs I completely agree when you
get popped in the mouth you need to know
how to respond how to get after you get
popped in the mouth but part of the
interesting challenge that I think
Democrats have faced is that at the
moment in which they go in moment the
moment at which they go on the attack
right they go they get accused of going
low the moment when they go on attack it
actually plays into our
public and rhetorical strategy of being
the victim which has been part of a kind
of reactionary kind of politics since
the time of Edmund Burke so the idea of
being victimized by liberals the idea of
being victimized by moral hypocrites the
idea of being victimized by these
Limousine rich folk who think they care
for everyday ordinary folk have been the
basis of terrible izing Republicans for
a long time so when we hit back
it almost feeds into the loop but
because it's a choice how hard is it to
say oh wait wait a second you know poor
victimized Republican you own the
Supreme Court now you want the House of
Representatives and the presidency you
own the bureaucracy you get your own
state-run television station is what you
know people would say I mean yeah yeah
they come back at you trying to be
victims and you just mock the hell out
of them because they run the world
they're a monopoly this is this is like
you know Henry Ford and in 1912 whining
about you know somebody that's got a
horse and buggy full factory like ten
miles away from Detroit it just doesn't
make sense and yet president Trump's
entire presidency and his campaign
before that is built on victimization
now it's the world we're being treated
unfairly Nadeau you and all those other
things but to Eddie's point mr. chairman
I want to ask you about we have seen
that punch back approach from some
Democrats Eric Holder saying when they
go low we kick them rhetorically you
know you've had Cory Booker saying
surround them where you see them and
although all those things we got to come
out and punch back Donald Trump has
taken that again to Edie's point and use
that as a rallying cry these mobs in the
street he's calling the mobs that are
out there do you think it's a good idea
for Democrats to talk about those kind
of things and it should Democrats follow
Ted Cruz into restaurants and make a
scene and puts that on social media is
that a good approach here's the approach
we're taking this is the vote of your
lifetime they're trying to take away
your healthcare they're going to take
away your Medicare they're gonna take
away your Social Security they're going
to take away your Medicaid and that's
what's on the ballot folks if you have a
pre-existing condition there
going to make sure you don't have access
to health care if you have a really high
bill for pharmaceuticals they're not
gonna do a damn thing about it
we're fighting for your your healthcare
we're fighting for your education we're
fighting for your future and we're
fighting for our democracy we need
guardrails in Washington because of the
culture of corruption and folks and the
reason why I talked about Florida and
Wisconsin and Ohio and these states we
need to win these governor's seats and
we can because these are 12 year
election cycles and people understand
that Tony Evers when he becomes the
governor of Wisconsin in rich Cordray in
Ohio and Gretchen Whitmer in Michigan
and Stacey Abrams and Andrew Gilliam and
others they will be in the driver's seat
for redistricting because the house
playing field is not level right you
talk about issues and rightly so talking
about health care wants to talk about
your tactics the tactics of Planets and
I do believe this idea that Eric Holder
put forth which is the sort of anti
Obama doctrine when they go low we kick
them is that the right approach they go
low we go vote and we've been sitting
home in midterm elections and the good
news is that our operation our blocking
and tackling yep gel is better than it's
ever been before and again this is the
vote of your lifetime but I love that
Donny because I've sort of gotten into a
scrap with people that go into
restaurants scream at people and make
all these scenes in late
no no no don't waste your energy doing
that about set up phone banks knock on
doors everybody here but you just said
it perfectly I wish some country lawyer
I wish I could have thought about saying
that when they go low we vote that's it
that's how you beat them and you if you
listen to the Chairman's message and I
the board of the lifetime who worked on
the tone of what you just said was
assumptive strong this is it they're
taking your health care away the rich
are getting richer this is your chance
to stand up vote is the vote of your
lifetime and you had a strength and a
presidents without a presence without
something victimized without sounding
whiny and that
what you said and the way you said it
chest out strong discounts this matters
vote of your lifetime they're taking a
health care away stand up be counted
we're the good guys
that that's the tone and so I just think
of everybody's listening to what you
just said and that is it he's no and by
the way you you you do the big message
the board of life climate with one thing
they're taking your health care away
they're taking it away and even that's
even though it's a bit of an
exaggeration you say this I say this is
Republican McConnell talking about
exactly
Social Security Medicare Medicaid you
get Republicans running around suing to
take away priests and the White House is
like right there with them so we're all
the Republicans I mean Donald Trump's
promising to take away health care for
twenty million people that's that's Tom
Perez thank you very coals and Eddie
Glaude after a quick press Tom about
Saudi Arabia what's next Plus on the
campaign trail last night President
Trump praised a congressman who body
slammed a reporter last year telling the
audience he's my god wait he was
actually charged with a crime well play
that for you straight ahead and morning
and he's talking about mobs he's guilty
and he's talking about mobs it's thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
