what did today due to the trajectory of
this presidency that you and I talked
about for a living where are we headed
now do you think it shattered the
narrative that the investigation did
this president is a witch-hunt
I mean the witches all had you know keys
to the kingdom and these were all people
that were that we're doing Donald
Trump's bidding so the idea that he can
smear the investigation that that taint
will follow to the Southern District of
New York which had nothing to do with
with the targets that Donald Trump
attacks on a daily basis I think is a
bridge too far and I think this might be
the day if we look back and they're
there whipping the votes in the Senate
to see if the impeachment vote in the
house if they have enough votes to
convict him they will look back at this
day sort of sort of one of the days that
that began to erode that that walk that
they have on a Republican base the
Republicans have been pathetic they've
been pathetic sore in the campaign and
during the presidency but you can't
sustain too many days where the
president's former fixer and lawyer
stands up in court and says I committed
crimes at the request of the President
and looked the other way they did it
after the Access Hollywood tape they've
done it after bleep whole countries
they've done it after every sort of norm
gets broken but but these are serious
crimes being charged of the people that
were closest to this president
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
