Paul Manafort guilty convicted on eight
counts including false tax returns
failing to file foreign bank account
reports and two counts of bank fraud the
judge declaring a mistrial in the
remaining ten counts Trump choosing to
talk about Manafort but not Cohen
got me but I still feel
prosecutors have eight days to decide
what they want to do about the mistrial
charges ty Kelley is a former federal
prosecutor and former Department of
Justice lawyer where she worked for Rod
Rosenstein and sexual sex Seth Waxman is
a former federal prosecutor ty let me
just ask you at this point what's the
signal that that you read into Donald
Trump saying what he said about what a
great guy manna for it is and I worked
for Reagan and he worked for Bob Dole
ins terrific and it's awful what's
happening to him is that a signal about
is that a signal to manna for his legal
team don't fold well I mean it could be
looked at that way but I think that
President Trump is doing what he's
always been doing which is to distance
himself entirely from whatever he can
this is a significant conviction for
Paul Manafort even though there's a
number of missed trials the significance
of the criminal convictions are large
and so just to distance himself from
someone who's just been convicted of
various serious crimes is what he looks
like he's doing Seth talked to me about
the the MS trials versus the convictions
there were no acquittals what is this
what does this mean in the context of
this trial and its success yeah I mean
you can't look at this as anything but a
sweeping victory for the prosecution you
know to get someone on serious bank
fraud tax evasion charges you know mr.
manna fort will be facing essentially a
life sentence given his age whether
that's 11 years or 15 years the judge
will have a decision on whether to stack
those crimes in sentencing and you know
the key point to all this may be when
the smoke clears is Paul Manafort going
to cooperate is he gonna walk into
Muller's office say you got me I need a
deal now and then of course the X Factor
that's very difficult for all of us to
answer is the president going to issue a
pardon tie I'm just looking at emails
TExES tweets from Lindsey Graham that
came out a little while ago where he
said the American legal system is
working its will in both the Paul
Manafort and Michael Cohen cases thus
far there have yet to be any charges or
convictions for colluding with the
Russian government by any member of the
Trump campaign in the 2016 elections so
somebody's holding out hope that this
isn't connected well I mean I'm sure
there's plenty of people who are holding
out hope that this doesn't connect
but I think judge Ellis said it best I
mean it's very routine in an
investigation and prosecution to be
putting pressure on people to do exactly
what Seth was just talking about
cooperating and now mr. mana Ford is
absolutely looking at a very significant
jail time and he's gonna have to make
some really difficult decisions all
right and let me ask you Megan what you
think what you're expecting we saw this
first response from from a from a
senator do you think this turns yet or
do you think everybody is just gonna
keep their battery I think we're all
gonna be watching I mean I think this is
this is this really feels like one of
the more remarkable days of yeah Trump
presidency but just but yeah I mean to
go back to what happens next I mean it's
also interesting to note that you know
if if you know it's not right now it's
not directly connected to the Russian
investigation but it's clear that if
Cohen were to provide valuable
information to Muller that that could in
fact affect his sentence and I think
that that's another thing that you know
there's going to open you know to be
watching as we move right now he's
looking at 43 to 64 months or something
in that category that's what the
guidelines say he might be looking at
getting a reduced sentence if he's not
plead to that without a cooperation
agreement I mean normally I do these all
the time in the criminal practice and
you get a cooperation agreement that's
under seal and you have a plea agreement
like you have here the Republic so I
would bet anything that there is a
cooperation agreement with Muller's
office and he's looking to bring down
that sentence which the judge can bring
down to zero if he wants under enough
cooperation so I don't think he would
ever plead guilty to anything
approaching five or six years route of
cooperation let me bring Natasha
Bertrand to ensuring the Atlantic she
was in the Manafort courtroom today what
do you what do you think happens with
that I mean we have to remember manna
forts got a whole nother trial coming up
and and the the sense was regardless of
what happens in this trial the
government continues to be able to put
more pressure on him do you
think he heads into that other trial
given what happened today or do you
think he he starts to think of either
figuring out whether he's getting a
pardon or figuring out whether he's got
to sing like a bird about what happened
in Trump Tower and other things having
to do with the Russians I think it is
possible that he chooses to cooperate
with Muller now that he faces so much
prison time having been convicted on on
eight counts it was it was somewhat of a
surprise that he was that he was found
that the jury could not come to a
consensus on ten counts when the jury
gave a note to the judge saying that
they could not reach a consensus on one
count everyone in the courtroom kind of
assumed that it just meant one count and
that they would find that they were
reaching consensus on the other
seventeen so you could see that as
somewhat of a small victory for the
defense but this was really a sweeping
success for the prosecution and we have
to remember that Smulders team has
already said that they have three times
as much evidence for the September trial
as they did for this trial over a
thousand pieces of evidence versus just
under 300 for this trial so there's
definitely an incentive or Paul Manafort
to work with the government now now that
he's seen that a jury is willing to
convict him on charges like these but I
would also not hold our breath because
no one thought that manna fort would go
to this trial either tie you know this
case while it was all a lot of it was
documentary and and and you know paper
trail II the fact is its these these
these complicated cases are hard for
juries because people don't understand
some of the terms that are in them is
that second trial going to be easier for
the government does does does Paul
Manafort get to think all right well if
they got me on eight charges here I'm in
trouble in the next one I think what
Paul Manafort steam is looking at right
now and noticing is that the jury didn't
convict on any of the conspiracy to
commit bank fraud charges so out of all
the bank fraud charges the jury only
came to a guilty verdict on two of them
and had a mistrial on all of the
conspiracy to commit bank fraud that
could be something that the Muller team
needs to focus on which is can we rely
on gates the jury could have been
signaling we're not going to convict on
something that we need to believe gates
on
and so you may see Muller's team
shuffling to figure out which of their
counts which of their evidence they can
shore up without needing gates right so
Seth when you think about this from the
perspective that Nick gave us and that
is that the real prize here for the
Muller investigation is going to be
Russia not not even the payoffs to
Starmie Daniels or Karen McDougal does
the the government does the prosecution
in in manna fort do they get do they tie
him to it in the second trial are they
able to do that because it's still a
conspiracy to defraud the United States
trial yeah I think it's gonna be very
similar to the one we just saw in
Alexandria Russia will be in the
background you know conspiracies don't
just drop out of the sky in spring of
2016 there's a backstory to all
conspiracies so manna forts interactions
with the Russians and to the extent
there are foreign accounts related in
the DC trial in the fall there will be
some you know discussion about that but
I think very similar to the Alexandria
trial it'll be kind of a straightforward
white-collar criminal prosecution
that'll be document based maybe a
cooperator to sprinkle dinner here and
there and the big question for me is
whether that case is ever going to take
place is mr. manna fort gonna walk in
and say look I right now I'm facing 10
years that's tantamount to a life
sentence essentially let me let me work
with you and of course again the pardon
is is the is the X Factor so Natasha
again we're just keeping an eye out to
see tweets and comments from Republicans
on the senator Cornyn of Texas have said
has said I don't think this implicates
him at all particularly on the Russia
investigation so again the pattern
continues of Republicans not being able
to face facts that this president has
been dishonest on so many fronts and in
this case this has now been something
that he's been dishonest about while
president not just in the campaign he's
now been named whether it's legally
important or not he's been named as the
other side of a conspiracy to commit
fraud on an election it doesn't seem to
move Republicans no not at all and
you're seeing a few kind of nevertrump
Republicans who have been wary of in the
past of saying that's you know the
president should potentially be
impeached sure that impeached
impeachment is a remedy
this but now you see them kind of
starting to say well actually now that
he's been named as a potential
co-conspirator in in this kind of
election fraud and maybe it is time to
start considering that as a possibility
but like Democrats for example should
maybe start vocalizing that more but no
Republicans by and large are saying that
the mana for trial for example does not
have anything to do with Russian
election interference that neither does
Cohen and of course that's that's just
not true with regard to the mana for
child against the backdrop just like
Seth said is all of the work that mana
for did for pro Russian oligarchs and
Ukraine and his attempts to cover that
up while he was working on the Trump
campaign and over the course of of the
decade of course that he was working for
the pro-russian government in Ukraine so
it's it's more about reading between the
lines here but I think it's safe to say
the Republicans are not going to abandon
the president any time soon Megan
there's a there's a little bit of an
Achilles heel here for the president on
in July when we started to hear that
Michael Cohen might talk about knowing
that Donald Trump knew about the Trump
Tower meeting I think which is like 26
or 27 the president tweeted in defense
of his son right I'm really worried
about Don junior and what's going to
happen that seems to be the soft spot
here we know Don junior was in that
meeting with Paul Manafort and a whole
bunch of other people we seem to have
discovered as every layer of that onion
is peeled back that they're all lying
about it well and there had also been
you know there had also been suggestions
that Cohen himself had information about
that meeting and in Trump's knowledge of
it I think we don't we still don't know
exactly what Cohen has that could be a
value to Muller in his investigation but
to go back to the I mean look it is
important to sort of acknowledge that
what happened today in these two cases
does not implicate Trump in Russian
collusion and so I also think that this
is I think what we're seeing in some of
these political statements that are
coming out these statements that are
coming out from Republicans is that it
sounds like we may be getting a preview
of the response to today that they're
going to say you know that they're gonna
kind of repeat this line that this
doesn't implicate
Trump in the Trump and in in Russia
collusion while ignoring the fact that
it implicates of exactly yes I'm being
you know implicated
you know in criminal campaign do my
nails violations yeah outraged right
somebody should resign in a normal world
but we're not in a normal world right
we're not actually there hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
