last week it was your point that you
have extensive stash in fact of video
emails and other forms of documentation
emails it all starts tonight you sure
let's take a look at one of this video
it shows Michael Cohen boarding Donald
Trump's plane in September of 16 a
pivotal time in the campaign let's watch
well there he is I'm Rosa going to the
front of the plane he's on the campaign
plane this is in September of 2016 right
in the midst of all these negotiations
and masa Nations what do you make of
this tape what to tell us well the first
thing that they would do and the first
thing that the president is gonna say is
that Donald that Michael Cohen had
nothing to do with a campaign he was
just a coffee boy he wasn't involved the
reason I want to share this with you is
first of all to show you that he was in
fact involved with the campaign not only
was he involved he organized that this
particular trip to Cleveland he spoke at
this event and then as you could see us
horsing around kind of after on the
plane and he said and met with the
president during that trip he was very
involved he was directing some of the
things that were happening he was
impacting the decisions that the
president made as well as the president
telling him to fix things okay give me a
preview of coming attractions reported
that you have all kinds of things in
terms of evidence well that was the
first video I ever shared and the reason
I wanted to share it is one people are
kind of demonizing Michael Cohen when in
fact Donald Trump asked him to carry out
these acts and I think that's important
to note now you know that the president
told him to lie about the purpose of
paying off those women that it was
really a campaign contribution well I
can't see if he asked him to lie but he
certainly asked him to protect Donald
Trump to protect him from his wife to
protect her from the country and help
him to get elected by hiding these
lascivious you know about the town power
meeting in June and 2016 with the
Russians I believe so and as my god how
do you know Cohen was very involved in
helping to organize this but not only
that during that you know there's a
front I know that to be a fact but also
during the campaign Tom's Fromm didn't
hide his affinity for Russians and I
think it's ludicrous for people to say
that we didn't hear about his desire to
have a relationship with Putin during
their campaign was it part of the
scuttlebutt of the campaign that he was
trying to get dirt from the Russian
government well I'm gonna tell you that
there was a time when we found out about
these emails and there's a debate as to
when Donald Trump found out about them
but what's interesting about the about
the hacking of the hashing of the DNC
yes and that's a big part of the Moller
investigation so I'll be very careful
there because I had
only been participating with them and
cooperating with him but I always say
that oh yes you're about as strong as
most people asked you but all this kind
of thing everything well I've got an
opportunity to sit down with them they
asked me a wide range of questions and
as I said I will continue to cooperate
with them so I'll be very careful what
but I will say that today changed
everything this is the beginning of the
end for Donald Trump why because he
knows that the person who knows
everything about him about his
relationships with these women and
others that people may not know about
are going to come the light let me go -
let me go - can't think you can't on
this whole thing and then I'm gonna go
around the rent room here because I
think this guy knows a lot and I get the
feeling that his charges are light I
mean he is a felon now he can't vote he
can't beat a jury can't run for office
although that think was not on the
horizon for a while now but Michael
Cohen knows a lot and if morose is
backing us up and everybody else this
guy was very much on the inside of
everything would trump isn't he Trump's
worst nightmare especially with all the
documents that they the FBI grab from
his office's hotel room everything yeah
that's absolutely right he has
visibility into a wide range of subjects
of interest to Muller and to
investigators in the Southern District
and we're not just talking about the
payoffs to the women we're talking about
throughout the campaign as I morose is
documented on this video he was he was
in there and we're talking about his
business
Trump's business dealings before that we
know that he traveled the world he
rejects the claim that he was in Prague
meeting with folks but we know he was
all over the world on behalf of Donald
Trump and Donald Trump's business
interests we just see the tip of the
iceberg of the types of things that
Muller might be interested in that he is
visibility to I mean he even worked with
Eliot Brody this was top fundraiser for
Donald Trump who also the Washington
Post reported has been a subject of
interest for investigators so his
tentacles those tentacles because I want
to tell me she got his Tom guide Tom has
the Southern District your law record
they've cut the deal then they've got
them in their tentacles to use the
phrase you can use they've got them in
their clutches how does that how do they
feed him now to provide information on
Russia and everything else in this
Pandora's box over to Muller sure so so
Chris anytime that you cut a deal with
the government you can cooperate at any
time with them and any information you
share
federally you know it's all one system
so there's if he's told them one certain
thing they may be helpful to special
counsel robert muller that's something
they could share back and forth and
actually there's a lot of crossover in
the personnel between the two offices so
as far as information information
finding its way back to the special
counsel that's not going to be a problem
here candy last question who does this
man Michael Cohen who seems sympathetic
and I think a morose has been
sympathetic to him too late right that
he was if he was a tough guy he was
basically a tough guy for Trump in the
good old days their old good old days
but now it's seeing the control
basically the US Attorney's they see not
a free man anymore does he have to
basically talk when they tell him to
talk and talk about what they wanted to
talk about or else he faces real trouble
beyond this your thoughts he's still in
the driver's seat though Chris because
he has valuable information and for
purposes of your sentencing the more you
cooperate the more your sentence is
going to be lightened and so five years
could be less if he gives more valuable
information on a variety of different
topics if everybody knew about this
situation are they all liable I mean it
seems to me kid you stick with you on
this how many people knew about it
besides Trump and his fixer lawyer just
the two of them the amount of money the
payment the deal they made to shut them
up to quiet them to hush them up so that
he could get through the election get
through the night basically well
remember you also have Keith Davidson
who is the former lawyer that
represented both Karen McDougal and
stormy Daniels and so there's more
people including Keith Davidson that
have had information that would
implicate Donald Trump as well
additionally Chris you know campaign
finance laws speak to who has liability
in this case and it's the the candidate
in this case he is actually Cohen is
actually singling out the candidate but
a treasurer of a campaign committee also
would have liability for an illegal
transaction like that and there could be
others on the kick - Jim well well I was
receiving into one of these hash deals
where Laura Trump called me to offer me
a remote she dropped job fifteen
thousand dollars per month under a year
not say anything against this president
so they're in the business of trying to
silence people and using campaign
dollars to do that which is illegal
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
