just to remind folks what Rudy Giuliani
said back on June 3rd I made the press
he was talking about the possibility of
President Trump stepping in and ending
an investigation like this that's a very
unrealistic thing but if you're asking a
theoretical sense now I mean it would
could it could lead to impeachment it
could lead to I mean if you terminate an
investigation of himself it currently -
also constitutionally you could are
you're making the argument that you
think constitutionally he could is what
you're saying
I'm saying constitutionally it sure
looks that way
so in that you've got Rudy Giuliani
saying that we talked to a former
federal prosecutor in the DOJ and asked
him he said the president could do it he
could step in he said the question is
whether it's lawful or does it have a
corrupt purpose and that question would
likely be decided by the courts what do
you think is going on here and what's
your answer to that question could he
stop it if he wanted to well yet Chris
that both the feature and flaw of our
system is that there is very little that
is written specifically into the
Constitution into law into statute much
of this is based on norms norms that our
previous 44 presidents all good people
for the most part have observed and
adhere to we now have a president who is
willing to flout these norms these norms
of American society and this is the
first time we found ourselves in this
position so yes I think technically the
president could step in the fact though
is that he would probably do so in an
effort to obstruct justice with malign
intent to exonerate himself so I think
that is where this would violate what
what we have observed for the 240 some
years of our republic but the other
question Chris is that we have focused
so much on the president's assertion
that he could run this investigation
that we've overlooked his statement that
he has stayed out of it to date and that
is entirely false we have to remember
that sound of him we could play we could
play in the entire hour of sound of him
talking about and criticizing this
investigation you have to remember we
have
the molar probe in the first place
because Donald Trump fired Jim Comey
with Russia in mind he's continued to
harangue the prosecution he's tampered
with witnesses by encouraging people
like Paul Manafort to stay strong so the
idea that he's that he's played a
laissez faire with this investigation is
just totally absurd on its face well not
only that but Susan just the idea again
even if he can do it legally if there
aren't really strong restrictions on it
a president deciding to end an
investigation that essentially is about
his election I think he would have a
tremendous amount of backlash and even
though the Republicans have been
hands-off with this president I think
that's a bridge too far I do not think
you do it do you think do you think that
he's just talking Donald Trump likes to
talk and he likes to talk about how much
power he has well he likes to talk about
how much power he has because he thinks
it makes him look strong like I can take
care of this in fact it has the opposite
effect it makes him look kind of weak
and petty that he's basically punching
down so do I think he would do it if his
back was against the wall if they start
finding out things and I think that's
what he's most afraid of you have the
dangan interview you have amorosa with
tapes you have Michael Cohen looking to
make a deal with tapes I think this
president is afraid he's a cornered
animal and he will do anything to
survive
Marc I guess you know you have the
President to the point of always wanting
to look strong saying I want to talk to
the special prosecutor I have nothing to
hide and that he thinks he can convince
almost anybody of anything he believed
he could go in there or suggest into
people I can go in there and I can help
him to see that I have not done anything
wrong so now he says he's afraid of the
perjury trap have his lawyers gotten to
him or and some of his aides or do you
think that he never intended to talk to
Robert Muller at all I don't it's
unclear I think Donald Trump personally
is so narcissistic he probably thinks he
can talk his way out of this I think
it's more the former you mentioned his
attorneys have probably convinced him
that this is questionable and maybe even
a perjury trap but you know you can't be
trapped in a perjury
if you're not susceptible to lying if
that's not your nature none of us would
be susceptible to perjury we just go in
and tell the truth I think what he's
doing today or what he's done overnight
with this whole thing about running it
if he wants to it's another way for him
to distract and try to control the
narrative the whole list that Susan gave
from Cohen to Omarosa and then even more
recently you have an esteemed former
head of the CIA saying he's a traitor
basically and trying to burn the country
down
you also have he can try to spin it to
the base as much as he wants to but you
have sort of a resurrection of the John
Dean affair you have Don began talking
to Muller and I don't care what now I'm
again as lawyer says about it not being
incriminating dime again just says what
we already know that he had to threaten
to resign to prevent Trump from forcing
him to fire Muller
that's a criminais ting on its own face
and I don't think he denied that at all
so I think all of this again is a way
for him to try to convince those who
still support him that he's still in
some type of control when he absolutely
is not and I agree with Susan he is he
might very well try to fire mother of
fire Rosenstein but and I think we
should go ahead and brace ourselves for
a constitutional crisis Don began is
such an interesting piece of this right
in the 30 hours that he talked to
Miller's team over six months I guess
three separate days
his lawyers McGann's lawyers told The
Washington Post that McGann did not in
any way incriminate the president do you
think it makes sense that to say he's
not a problem that he did nothing to
hurt the president we don't know what
happened in there and we don't know what
blanks Don McGann has filled in for
Robert Muller that's right we also don't
know what other lines of questioning to
other people that Don McGann's
testimony opened up to Muller and that's
what we're always you know we have to
remember Muller is always about three to
six months ahead of what we know as of
today that testimony was given quite
some time ago so I think Don McGann was
loyal to his oath of office loyal to
country and he spoke as the lawyer to
the office of the president he did not
speak as Donald Trump
Sinhala tourney and that's a very
important difference one of the thing I
mean you know pret and the president
said look of course I said magan should
you know speak because I have nothing to
hide part of his whole feeling you know
that he is in control he wanted to make
very clear that that was his decision he
also keeps talking now about taking away
security clearances and he suggested
even James clapper might be being nice
to him because he wants to keep his own
security clearance he also tweeted about
an interview that former FBI official
Phil Mudd did on cable news take a watch
of this when I am requested to sit on an
advisory board let me ask you one
question how much do you think I'm paid
to do that at the request of the US
government give me one answer and you've
got ten seconds how much I'll give out
ask you a question how much are you paid
for your acting gig for for being with
the US government that Peyman not to
here on this one you have a security
relationship with the private sector
that involved my security clearance zero
so then the president who obviously was
watching tweeted just watched former
intelligence official Philip Mudd become
totally unglued and weird while debating
John Brennan's security clearance Mudd
is in no mental condition to have such a
clearance should it be revoked
besides Ned just that that's how the
president United States is sending his
time spending his time watching cable
and then essentially doing a live in
time commentary on it I mean is that
where we are he's just picking people to
threaten does this support the argument
he's using security clearance this
simply as a weapon against his critics
not because some of those people might
in some way be leakers or pose a threat
to national security yes the answer to
that is yes absolutely 100% you know
first of all Donald Trump should be very
careful about having unglued and weird
as the barometer for having a security
clearance and look I think what we saw
from Phil Mudd was passion passion that
Phil Mudd had dedicated passion that
Phil Mudd had channeled to service of
his country over the course of decades
but
we have seen from this president is not
is an understanding that security
clearances are not a reward these are
not something that go only to your
defenders to your champions these are
what former officials have so that they
can consult they can share their
knowledge they can work and continue to
work on the hardest the most challenging
problems we face as a nation with their
current colleagues with those who remain
in the intelligence community in the
law-enforcement community but you're
absolutely right
this president sees it as a political
reward and he is seeing the removal as
security clearance as punishment as a
chilling signal to all of those all of
those who would criticize him and who
would find fault with what he is doing
and frankly that borders on on
autocratic tendency hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
