here is Rudy on Meet the Press yesterday
the meeting was originally for the
purpose of getting information about
about Clinton the meeting turned into a
meeting which at itself it's attempted
collusion I understand you just said it
if meeting was intended to get dirt on
Hillary Clinton from a lawyer no no the
intention of the meeting you just said
it that was the original intention of
the meeting it turned out to be a
meeting about another subject and it was
not pursued at all and of course any
meeting with regard to getting
information on your opponent is
something any candidates staff would
take if someone said I have information
about your opponent you would take that
meeting if it happens to be from the
Russians she didn't represent the
Russian government she's a private
citizen I don't even know if they knew
she was in Russian at the time
okay so you know sometimes it's a close
call sometimes you can just say he was
lying Rudy was lying those claims are
blatantly false given the emails the
Donald Trump jr. posted more than a year
ago and what she was told the woman
offering dirt on Clinton was quote the
crown prosecutor of Russia the Russian
attorney the Russian government attorney
and quote part of Russia and it's
government support for mr. Trump
George Vance I'm not exactly sure what
it gains the president the United States
to continue having his attorney go out
telling one lie after another after
another of course after Trump jr.
learned that uh that this top prosecutor
this member of the Russian government
was coming to meet him and man afford
and and kushner and the entire gang of
course he was thrilled so they knew this
coming in I'm not exactly sure how it
helps Donald Trump to have Rudy Giuliani
lying
a year later increasingly Giuliani and
the president are playing to the court
of public opinion because they know that
they'll lose in a court of law we'll
watch that happen
this week in Alexandria where this jury
if they based their decision in the law
and the evidence will return verdicts of
guilty against Paul manna for it
so Giuliani is I think at this point
simply trying to feed a false narrative
to the American public truth is not
truth don't trust what your eyes and
your ears tell you instead trust the
cult of personality that's become Trump
because they know bad news will come in
the form of a report from Muller sooner
or later whether it's before or after
the election they won't be able to
survive the content of that report if
it's anything like what we're hearing
publicly their only hope is to lie to
the American people and I think what we
all have to do at this point is hope
that the American people will
demonstrate the backbone that they have
over time that Jon Meacham talks about
so many times and find the courage to go
with the truth and not with the cult of
personality here yeah yeah but you know
Michael Schmidt though it seems that
there's been a law of the the law of
diminishing returns has applied to Rudy
Giuliani's performances on these Sunday
shows because there was a there was a
month or two where you can see Muller's
approval numbers with the American
people going down and Donald Trump's
going up but basically they've reversed
and they're exactly where they were six
nine months ago so Robert Mahler in fact
over the past several months has become
a more trusted figure Donald Trump has
become a less trusted figure and Donald
Trump wins our Robert Muller wins in a
landslide basically on just about every
question you ask the American people on
poll so I'm wondering whether Rudy's
obvious lies are actually backfiring
even with Trump supporters I'm not sure
if it's changing things with Trump
supporters their calculation several
months ago was the legal issues
essentially don't matter because they
don't think the president is going to be
charged so what can we do to try and
impact the House of Representatives
that's the only exposure the president
has a vote on impeachment how can we
make this confuse
how can we muddy the waters that's what
they were trying to do when they brought
Giuliani on and the president apparently
is still happy with him because the
President believes he needs advocates
out there Giuliani is willing to do
several shows a day and go out and push
this message and the President believes
he actually does it better than anyone
else in his team now at the same time
there's people around the president who
say look this is not good that we have
all these falsehoods coming out from the
president's lawyer like this is gonna
backfire in the end but they still
haven't changed their strategy the
president has had two strategies so far
on the investigation the first one
through the first several months was
cooperate eventually got sick of it it's
now to be antagonistic it's hard to
believe he'll move off of that and that
sort of worry is for now but John meets
him everybody knows everybody knows that
Rudy Giuliani is like even truck the
most hardcore Trump supporter knows that
he's lying and when when Rudy Giuliani
said something like the truth isn't the
truth then Republicans immediately go
back to Bill Clinton saying it depends
on what the meaning of is is I just
again I I don't understand even if
you're a day trader how this helps
Donald Trump it's just we're through the
looking glass
Giuliani I seems to me that the Giuliani
is not doing anything that he doesn't
think Trump wants him to do you can hear
Donald Trump saying it I have to keep it
particular call this John Dean stuff
this weekend I keep having this image of
we had the old image of Nixon talking to
the portraits I see Trump talking to
mirrors and Rudy you know that he's just
wandering around talking to himself and
and creating this and I I think I think
Michael's right I think that this
insofar as anything is strategic about
this operation which may be a grand
icing at a good bit but I think it has
the effect of being the effect is is
exactly this that they've created an
atmosphere
of a kind of political equivalent of
climate change it's extreme weather they
press broadly put director Muller the
facts say X they are going to say why
and take their chances that the right
number of folks in the right number of
electoral states agree with them and to
me in many ways it's the most pernicious
part of the entire era is the the enemy
of the people's stuff about the media
and the attempt the really the it's not
even an attempt at this point but the
assumption that you simply can fool
enough of the people enough of the time
to maintain this temporal hold on power
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
