you're saying it's a falsehood and
they're giving Sean Spicer our press
secretary gave alternative facts to that
but the point is alternative text
alternative facts four of the five facts
he uttered Zeke Miller for the five
facts he uttered were just not true
look alternative facts are not facts
they're falsehoods just stick with us
don't believe that crap you see from
these people to fake news
just remember what you're seeing and
what you're reading is not what's
happening when you tell me that you know
he should testify because he's gonna
tell the truth he shouldn't worry well
that's so silly because it's somebody's
version of the truth not the truth he
didn't have a conversation this truth I
don't be to go like I know it isn't
truth truth isn't truth Donald Trump's
TV attorney Rudy Giuliani is the latest
in Trump world who seems to be living in
a different reality back with he is EJ
Dionne Kareem jean-pierre and Richard
painter I mean it seems to be a
consistent and a repetitive kind of
mantra from the Trump world that the
truth is not the truth reality is not
reality don't believe anything that
they're saying leave out reality I mean
you just saw Julie I need this morning
Kelly Conway okay Kelly and Conway and
the President himself this is the kind
of atmosphere that we're going into the
midterm elections we're not just
combating whether or not one is going on
the left or the right
we're actually debating what is reality
I mean how did we get here Richard well
I'm gonna say now then the same thing I
said after Kelly on Conway first gave
that interview and then I went on CNN
shortly thereafter and I
observed that this is part of a powder
that we seen in totalitarian political
thought since Carl Schmitt in Germany in
the 1920s and 30s was writing about how
truth in law should revolve around the
nation state or and not around the
democratic values this notion that there
is no such thing as objective truth is
what lies at the heart of totalitarian
regimes of the far right of the far left
whether it be Hitler's Germany or
Stalin's Russia we did see a little bit
of it and a left wing of academia and
the critical theory at all that but
those people have no influence outside
of the Academy and now we see it coming
back with a vengeance to the far-right
wing in the Republican Party we saw it
in torture memos during the Bush
administration distorting the truth but
now under President Trump with Kellyanne
Conway and Rudy Giuliani continuing to
call into question objective truth is an
extremely dangerous thing there is such
a thing as objective truth not all was
easy to discern sometimes easy sometimes
not but this is totalitarian rhetoric it
is extremely dangerous with dangerous
when Kellyanne Conway first started
talking that way and nobody nobody held
her and the President to account for
that and I reiterate once again it is
time for the United States House and
Senate to convene hearings of the
Judiciary Committee to remove this
president he and the people working for
him are very dangerous and their you
know their use of fascist rhetoric shows
that just look at the speeches that were
given by Hitler back in the 1930s in the
late twenties and compare that to this
rhetoric and you'll see exactly what I
mean Carine the thing that you
of all so deep concern is that when you
begin to destabilize people's view of
objective truth then you can reorganize
in that confusion the values and what is
acceptable and the legalities that
emanate from that and you can then
uproot women's rights and civil rights
and voting rights and anything else you
want because we've now shifted the
reference points of what the country
even defines as what is right and what
is wrong
yeah that's exactly right Reverend we
have a totalitarian sitting behind the
resolute desk in in the Oval Office we
have a liar we have a racist a white
supremists
I mean we are in incredibly dangerous
times and you have Rudy Giuliani who
Giuliani is a liar you have Kellyanne
Conway who's a liar and they seem to be
all allergic to the truth but what's
happening here is that Donald Trump is
sending them all out there to spew
nonsense to lie and why is that to your
point Reverend is because they want to
control the narrative they want to make
sure that that 88 percent of Republicans
that are supporting Donald Trump and in
his in the party it just sticks with him
right they they want to make sure they
control that narrative they want to make
sure that they are redefining the truth
to them and it's working if you have 88
89 percent of Republicans still
supporting Donald Trump and here's the
thing the other part about it too is
Robert Muller if we're not hearing from
Robert Muller because he's a
traditionalist he's not leaking any
information he's a head of the
administration he's a head of all of us
so now what we're stuck with is this
nonsense this awful awful rhetoric which
is incredibly dangerous EJ you know the
hill as well as anybody is there any
concern at all from some of the
traditional Republicans i korean talks
about how mullahs are traditionalists
where are the voices
of reason in the Republican leadership
when you're actually having your
president and his staff questioning
reality the truth objective truth well I
think that is one of the most disturbing
parts of all of this is that most of the
Republicans who have been willing to say
anything are on their way out of
politics I mean Jeff Flake is leaving
Senator corkers leaving Ben Sasse has
spoken up some times and God bless them
Senator McCain is ailing and you know
beyond that we're publicans have chosen
to stick with Trump because they see
large parts of their political agenda
being achieved and because as Kareem
noted Trump remains popular in the polls
but I think it's really important to
underscore here that whether you are
it's a sort of ardently anti Trump or
not this war on the truth is dangerous
to the fundamentals of democracy Timothy
Snyder the Yale historian in that little
book he wrote that became a bestseller
on tyranny noted that if nothing is true
if you don't defend the truth
you can't hold power accountable because
there is there are no facts on which you
can base an argument for what they're
doing wrong and I think it's the case
that the Trump administration is trying
to muddle reality to throw all sorts of
untruths out there to the point where
people throw up their hands and say
everything is partisan yeah everything
isn't partisan some things are true
whether they're convenient to your side
or not and I think a Giuliani's
statement today was if you will the
apotheosis of where they've got been
going for three years since the
beginning of the Trump campaign and that
that's what disturbs me because when you
get great so-called respected leaders of
the party that is not even going to
question this I mean Donald Trump may
his fortune selling real estate probably
at a price higher than he should have
decided to make their profit I
understand he's a Salesman but I don't
understand is respected and responsible
Patriots in the Republican Party that
won't say hey wait a minute now we're
not trying to get a condo sold for a
markup that we really should get we're
talking about the US Constitution thank
you Ajay Deon Kareem thank all of you
for being with us coming up at the top
of the hour the latest reaction to the
big developments in the Russia
investigation up next more am joy
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
