when he called me that dog I thought
that it was clear evidence one that he
has absolutely no respect for the
presidency it was such a vulgar slur and
can you just imagine if he would say
that publicly what is he saying about me
and other African Americans privately it
just really makes the point that Donald
Trump is not equipped to serve in the
role that he is and in fact I would say
that he's unfit to serve as the
president of the United States I Moroso
did not hold anything back in my
interview with her this morning joining
me now is Gabriel Sherman of Vanity Fair
the Washington Post's EJ Dionne Kareem
jean-pierre of moveon.org and sirius XM
radio host joe madison let me go to you
Gabriel first you reported that
President Trump wanted Attorney General
Sessions to arrest Amber Rose yeah this
was reporting last week about just the
level of frustration
the president has felt in his inability
to control morosa in her public
statements you know I think we should
remember Donald Trump is used to people
working for him at Trump Tower where
they signed these ironclad
non-disclosure agreements and he has a
history of suing people who work for him
who then spoke out in the press he
wishes he could do this a president as
president but thankfully we have free
speech protections where government
employees can speak out and I think he's
reaching out and trying to bend the law
to his will he has an authoritarian
instinct and in authoritarian States
when people displease the leader they
are arrested Kareem as as I talked to
her this morning and she and I have not
talked till this morning since she
walked out a National Action Network
convention when I had attacked Donald
Trump and and her defense of him I have
mixed feelings but I also had to listen
carefully as I just prayed how she
address
being called that dog and a lowlife as a
black woman how do you listening to
someone like a Moroso how do you respond
to that yeah I think that Donald Trump
with his reputation of how he attacks
black women that he finds that are too
powerful or speaking out of term he does
this he calls them dogs he attacks their
intelligence and he does this with the
entire black community anybody who
speaks out against him so it is
dehumanize dehumanizing and I don't ask
I wouldn't want that on anybody
including amorosa so I can understand
how she feels about that the interesting
part about this is we are about a week
in to her book tour and she is literally
living rent-free in his mind and and
it's because you know and it's because
and it's his fault he created this you
know he you know he brought her to the
into the campaign brought her into the
White House they had a 15-year mutually
beneficial business relationship so he
knew exactly what he was doing and you
would think the President of the United
States would have a would have better
things to do than to attack a book but
here he is this is where we are today
and it's because he's so thin-skinned
he's so petty he's so unqualified we
have never seen such a small man hold
such a big office PJ you've been
covering Washington and certainly
including the White House for some time
and you and I have talked through the
Obama years in about the years before
one of the things that struck me in my
interview with Omarosa is I can't
remember going back to the early 70s
maybe even before that when I started
becoming interested in politics and then
active as a teenager where a president
had a lily-white in a circle I mean even
if it was Nixon who I disagreed with a
Reagan there were some blacks
inner circle or a black this is the
first time I've seen no black and even
amaurosis title was not that of a senior
staff member and she was in across the
offices that yo B there is never in the
last half century or more a president
that had no black in the room when it
was time to make real powerful and and
and and and I would say important
decisions let me just settler that I
don't want her to go too hyper on it but
have you seen a more lily-white
administration at the top than Donald
Trump I think you have to go before our
time to find that I mean obviously
African Americans had a lot more
influence in some administrations than
others but this one is exceptional I
just want to say by the way the line
living rent-free in Trump's and keeper
I've never remember that you know there
is something odd what I was listening to
that interview for her to suddenly
decide that Donald Trump has a racial
problem a you know to put it very gently
I know it's overused but I still love
the line from Casablanca I'm shocked
shocked that there's gambling going on
here I mean all of this was knowable
right and she is now turning around and
doing something entirely different
nonetheless the fact that she has gotten
under Trump's skin the fact that she
does seem to have these recordings I
want to assure my friends I don't record
them the faction has these recordings is
really a problem for them and I think
it's an assign as a lot of our
colleagues have pointed out of what a
backstabbing awful place to work this
white house is and that is very
dangerous when you are in the kind of
trouble that Donald Trump is in and she
really appeared
Mises the kind of dangerous they face
you know Joe is as EJ says that you and
I have have been in civil rights groups
in the last few decades and we also
aside from what I do in National Action
Network in here on MSNBC we also both do
separate talk radio shows and there is
this feeling amongst some of our
listeners black and white they don't
want to believe that Murrow saw they
believe she has an ulterior motive while
she should have known better or she's
selling books but the fact is she was
the black face if there was one of the
Trump administration that he put out
there and he has got to really live with
what he put out this she was the one
that was selling him to everybody so you
can't ignore notwithstanding whatever
your views are of her motivation you
can't ignore what the one that he put
out there to speak on his behalf on
issues of race
you can't ignore her saying he's a
racist remember this phrase Faustian a
Faustian pact Faust made a deal with the
devil and when you read her book and
especially in the beginning she talks
about growing up poor an industrial Ohio
hooking up with Donald Trump because she
thought that that would be her ride as
she said on on my show on Sirius to
making her famous and successful and a
millionaire and I think most of us in
our community know how they think that
you know she knew what she was getting
into and she may have an essence sold
her soul to the devil the bottom line
with all of this is did she not and I
raised this question last week Reverend
Sharpton has she not done us a favor in
a strange
ironic way and validating and validating
what validating excuse me what we
thought what we all thought didn't know
for a fact and if these tapes exist then
in fact she has in essence done us a
favor
now how she will get her respect back in
the community some people will respect
her
some people will believe her some people
won't some people will never forgive her
but I think the reality is that she she
she knew what Donald Trump was like and
she had to know before she got fired
yeah I think that the issue for me is
not what happened the hoody issue is
what you just said it will in many ways
validate with a lot of my truck saying I
had know Donald Trump so when I was
saying it I was talking as one that knew
him and even she said this morning
you ended up being right grab not
meeting with him not being a prop
because I got money for not doing that
but you just you just didn't have capes
and I also didn't go for the photo
because I dare trying to a serious
that's one giant me again later in the
show coming up in our next hour the
press is starting to fight back against
Donald Trump and Trump Supreme Court
pick is accused of lying
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
