mr. Muller has a lot of conflicts also
directly yourself so you know that mr.
Muller is highly conflicted in fact
Comey is like his best friend I could go
into conflict after conflict but sadly
mr. Muller is conflicted but let him
write his report we did nothing there's
no collusion what if he was doing an
honest report he'd write it on the other
side Donald Trump keeps trying to
discredit robert muller as the russia
investigation targets trump's in a
circle the special counsels team is now
recommending up to six months in jail
for former trump campaign a george
papadapolis who pled guilty to lying to
the FBI back with me Danny Cevallos
joining me now is Celina Maxwell
director of progressive programming for
Sirius XM and Sam Nunn Berg senior
adviser to Steve Bannon and former
campaign former Trump campaign advisor
Sam let me go to you Ferguson
is your former boss nervous I mean he
you know he sees little animated he
seems you know I've known him he seems
like you know I'm not gonna say just
nothing but I mean for a guy that uh
he's not gonna comment on something he
and one soundbite there said that uh
that he told Malo
what do you ought to be writing who he
is writing for and he's conflict in
three different ways all why he wasn't
really gonna say anything well he
certainly has been able to change the
discourse I would say for the better for
my perspective on this investigation I
think the way it was first going and
before they got a Rudy Giuliani who was
Weibull able to do these TV appearances
if you looked at the polling numbers
Reverend Muller's approval was way above
50 people thought he was handling this
investigation fairly and getting this
side out and making this into a
political issue and as Steve Annan
discussed last night making this a
midterm issue on impeachment I think it
actually helped the president
just check you're saying you think Rudy
Giuliani's TV appearances have helped
you all yes they've helped us bullet yes
Reverend I I understand everybody I said
this from the very beginning by the way
when he was being attacked I said I said
you watch you keep looping in what he is
saying he's there's finally somebody out
there who can defend this president who
doesn't have legal liability right legal
exposure and has to worry about what
they say that represent him as a lawyer
who can be the aggressive serving his
crime who's being aggressive that's
something he needed that's something the
president needed and therefore it's
changed the trajectory if you look at
the polling with that said this
investigation is a threat to the
presidency the minute the minute it
started the minute the special counsel
was appointed that was a threat to the
Zerlina aside from whether or not we
agreed that Rudy let me ask you in terms
of what the president seen in the
conflicts and the fact that we're
looking at Papadopoulos being looking at
jail I'm a government somebody needs to
go to jail for six months right he'll be
the second person that is gonna be put
in jail as a result of this
investigation because as you know
there's already a lawyer Alexander
vanderzwaan who's already in prison and
so I think in his former campaign
manager facing facing potential jail we
don't know Monday or Tuesday according
to Danny right so I think that you know
what we're looking at right now is we're
looking at a massive investigation and a
president whose back is against the wall
and so when you hear him say no
collusion no collusion no collusion
that's his go-to line but the facts are
be lying that narrative for him because
we have a long list of evidence of
potential collusion not necessarily
something that rises to the level of a
conspiracy charge as Danny articulates
every day but I think that we as
Americans need to be patient but also
very vigilant to ensure that he doesn't
do anything else to obstruct potentially
this investigation to ensure that Muller
gets down to the conclusion so we know
what happened and how to prevent it from
happening again
Danny Sam referred to the polling on
Mullah but ultimately we're talking
about a legal case we're not talking
about
politics of votes now we're talking
about is there evidence there or
evidence that falls short we are looking
at a man being recommended to go to jail
for six months we're looking at another
man facing heavy time if he's convicted
it was the campaign chair from a legal
forget the political forget the polling
forget who's you know giving what spin
the fact that you've got such a
widespread investigation and so many
people that I've now been prosecuted and
some cooperating this is a real quagmire
for the president it is because in every
instance when a defendant pleads guilty
and then agrees to cooperate there's a
tremendous incentive and bear in mind
I'm a defense attorney so I'm a little
biased in this area but cooperating
witnesses have a tremendous incentive to
give their prosecutors a story that will
be of value to them so that they can get
that sought after what's called a 5k1
motion for substantial assistance that
is key to their sentencing it can make
the difference between decades behind
bars in federal prison so with that in
mind they have such an incentive to give
the prosecutors a good story that that
alone is reason for Donald Trump to be
concerned reason number two for Donald
Trump to be concerned is exactly what
we're seeing with george papadapolis
what we saw with general flynn section
1001 the false statements crime which is
which is committed even if there is no
underlying crime it's when you sit down
with federal investigators in an
informal setting and you try to Gaslight
them or you try to embellish a story or
fabricate even a little bit that creates
a crime where none existed before and
Rudy's talked about this he's aware of
it that is what Donald Trump has to fear
now let me play for you
a salmon part of the interview my
colleague Ari had with mr. bannon and
what he said I want to ask you something
about when you said the Trump Tower
meeting with the Russians was treasonous
and you said you meant
Paul Manafort yeah what about it made it
treasonous in your view I just said look
I think for a professional like Paul
Manafort I don't think you ever have you
know forget it just you know people from
other countries Russians or whatever
come in and try to get opposition
research if a camera knows about that in
advance then are they part of treasonous
behavior by your standard I think if you
have to call into question if somebody's
actually out there trying to get
information from foreign parties you
have to you have to question that you so
if Muller could prove that about Donald
Trump that would concern you I would it
would definitely concern me yes if
Donald Trump had knowledge and agreed or
just even had knowledge that people were
meeting with Russians on his behalf to
get dirt on Hillary Clinton all in any
way help him with the campaign does that
disturb you and is that a crime well
I've actually agreed to disagree with
Steve an and when the fire and fury
comments came out I said I agree I
disagree with him I've been somebody
that said I would have taken this
meeting when you look at the email chain
the email from Rob Goldstone sent you
would have met with the rush yes and you
do not consider that crime or treasonous
as for what they were for what they were
offering absolutely not if we can go
into the specifics for a second let me
just say the Rob Goldstone email says
that emond alga Lara I can't even
mispronounce his name all the time he
had met with a crown special prosecutor
of the Russians something like an
attorney general US attorney and they
had a sealed indictment against Hillary
Clinton that tied into what we knew in
terms of Bill Clinton getting a half a
million dollar speech the uranium one
deal and two and a half million dollars
going to the Clinton Foundation so
getting it from enemies of the country
if they indicted Hillary Clinton in
Russia what difference does it make to
America now all of a sudden well we're
gonna bleep uten a Puttanesca winner
justice system are you serious well when
they were talking about foreign business
ties with the president throughout this
campaign they were talking about the
fact that he sold
he sold apartments to Russians that was
commonly talked with him talked about
transaction about judging that from
American and this one hooks
Reverend this we were not depending on
Putin's what judges to tell us that
right but it's I mean but hold on this
wanted to pay for play this went into
corruption late by American standards
you're telling me about a email on
Russian standards and I'm sitting right
here you said the email said okay we're
getting ready Russia not that they have
a sealed indictment yes sure they're
another part of the email train that
you're referring to it hasn't been
released publicly because I didn't see
anything in the email chain referencing
an indictment about Hillary concealed
documents from Rob Goldstone
government's effort marching government
it surely did say the Russian government
effort look genius to know that Putin
wanted Trump to win have to be a genius
to know that Angela Merkel when her
government said supportive comments I
don't blame her about Hillary Clinton
she wanted Hillary Clinton to win there
were certainly this is not something
that was a German he's not an enemy of
the United States if somebody told you
an avowed enemy of the United States had
an indictment against the candidate for
president and these are your about
enemies why would you consider that
anything but a possible problem for the
America if there are a valid enemies
then here's what I want to know why did
why did Bill Clinton take a five hundred
thousand dollar speaking fee why did
they take to you and that's not what
we're talking about we are talking about
it because I was in the context of the
old ways and I'm talking about it you're
discussing what you said makes a
credible reason to meet a Russian
indictment and I'm saying that if
they're your enemy oh well I guess if
you believe that you have a birth
certificate from Kenya I guess you would
breathe in a Russian indictment but I
wasn't the one who tried to reset
Russian relations like she did I wasn't
the one who sent my husband there to get
a five hundred thousand dollars speaking
fee you took 2.5 million to the Clinton
Foundation okay who had the uranium one
deal approve okay during that
administration what tell me one time
that there
there was a time when the Clinton Oh
Micah the Russians very much by the way
they made a lot of money often tell me
one time that you can sight not when
they were going to speak but when they
were going to go in here they'll give
them information that would impact an
American election one time whether they
got $2 or 2 billion
no one has accused the Clintons of
soliciting or receiving information that
would impact an American election if
somebody wanted to go election if you
asked me to come to your Republican
meeting in the basement in Brooklyn to
speak that's me talking that's not me
meeting you in the basement to get
information against Serleena tell me
when the Clintons was accused with any
of your information of soliciting or
receiving information from Russia
against their opponents or to sway
American voters no they just wanted
tapes leaked they just wanted excuse me
they wanted Hollywood they had a meeting
or when they were accused having a
meeting I never said I never said they
were I never said that and that's the
difference between you talking about
whether he got speaking fees or whether
or not they conspired to okay but then
let's go into that hold on let's go into
that meeting that meeting was a bait and
switch
that's what Goldstone has said that
meeting was about the magnets yet where
do we where do we stand on this it was
to get dirt on Hillary once again it was
a bait and switch and the question is
whether that is as your former mentor
said whether that was treason
Daniel Zelena will stay with us Thank
You Sam thank you three woke up the
weekend I think you see I could be nice
and combative at the same time Amoroso
has the White House running scared
that's nice
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
