this afternoon President Trump issued a
campaign tweet lying to voters about the
Republican position on health insurance
for people with pre-existing conditions
the tweet says all Republicans support
people with pre-existing conditions and
if they don't they will after I speak to
them I am in total support also
Democrats will destroy your Medicare and
I will keep it healthy and well Donald
Trump of course does not know the
meaning of the word healthy here is what
Donald Trump promised when he was
running for president repeal and replace
that Horror Show called Obamacare we're
going to repeal and replace Obamacare
we're losing with Obamacare which will
be repealed and replaced Obamacare is a
disaster we're gonna repeal it and
replace it you know my poll numbers are
going through the roof you know why I
really believe a big part of it is
Obamacare because we're gonna repeal it
and replace and now Republican poll
numbers are in trouble because of exact
goons tried to repeal Obamacare and
failed and then the Republicans did
manage to find room and their giant
deficit exploding tax cut for the rich
to effectively repeal the individual
mandate to buy health insurance in
Obamacare and then the Trump Justice
Department joined Republican state
attorneys general in a lawsuit that
seeks to repeal all of Obamacare
including the legal provision that
requires health insurers to cover people
with pre-existing conditions Donald
Trump and the Republicans have done
everything they possibly can to
eliminate the guarantee of health
insurance for people with pre-existing
conditions and now that they have
discovered that that is a very unpopular
thing to do they have simply begun to
lie about their position while
continuing to push the lawsuit that
would in fact eliminate coverage for
pre-existing conditions we can protect
pre-existing conditions and even you
need to understand everyone agrees we're
gonna protect pre-existing conditions it
was Donald Trump who called him lying
Ted not me
Ted Cruz is lying of course and he is
one of the Republican Senate candidates
who's smart enough to know that he is
lying Republican Senate candidate in
Arizona martha mcsalley is telling the
same kind of lie to voters there Josh
Holley Republican Senate candidate in
Missouri is telling the same kind of lie
in his campaign against Democrat Claire
McCaskill who actually does support
coverage for pre-existing conditions and
actually voted for the only federal law
in American history that does that
Obamacare Republican Governor Scott
Walker is struggling in his re-election
bid in Wisconsin Republicans have
actually advised the White House not to
waste president Trump's campaign time in
Wisconsin where they believe Scott
Walker cannot win re-election but
president Trump wants to go to Wisconsin
anyway probably just to remind people
that he won Wisconsin and when President
Trump does campaign with Scott Walker in
Wisconsin you will surely hear some
version of this big lie
covering grievances
as long as I'm governor
it is the right thing to do but Governor
Scott Walker is fully supportive of the
wrong thing he's fully supportive of his
state attorney general who has joined
the federal lawsuit to effectively
repeal Obamacare and eliminate the
federal guarantee covering pre-existing
conditions
joining us now Jared Bernstein senior
fellow at the Center on Budget and
Policy Priorities he was an economic
policy adviser to Vice President Biden
Ron Klain is with us he's a former chief
of staff to Vice President Joe Biden and
Al Gore and a former senior aide to
President Obama and Ron Klain I have to
say when when a party gets in trouble
campaigning because they're on the wrong
side of an issue I have never before
seen the strategy of let's all hold
hands and just lie about everything
we've been trying to do for the last two
years yeah you know Lawrence voters
trusting Republicans to protect their
pre-existing conditions at this stage
would be like Dorothy in the very last
scene of The Wizard of Oz handing Toto
over to the Wicked Witch and saying I'm
sure this'll all be fine
I mean Republicans voted 60 times to get
rid of protection for six pre-existing
conditions they went to court to get rid
of it President Trump campaigned on
getting rid of it and then he threw a
beer bash in the Rose Garden to
celebrate Republicans passing a bill to
get rid of it they tried to strong-arm
John McCain on one of his last votes in
the Senate to get rid of it and if all
that wasn't enough just the other day
Mitch McConnell promised that the
Democrats don't take back the house in
the Senate he will try again to get rid
of it so that's absolutely clear what's
gonna happen and the only way to protect
coverage for pre-existing conditions is
for voters to elect a Democratic House
and a Democratic Senate otherwise this
will go away Jared Bruce did Kevin can
the Republicans just get away with this
lie is the subject complicated enough
that the voters just can't follow this
well not if they listen to the very very
clear logic that both you and Ron Klain
just laid out in fact even through toto
into the mix factly broke my heart there
for a second of course people who are
paying any attention to the reality of
the situation as the two of you have
just articulated
to know that these lives are so
pervasive but there is a wrinkle that I
want people to know about some of the
Republican plans argue that insurers
must cover everyone all comers they
can't deny coverage and some of these
plans actually do have that however they
then say those insurers can charge
people with pre-existing conditions
whatever they want in terms of premiums
and they don't have to even cover
illnesses related to the pre-existing
condition so if you have heart disease
and you get coverage they can charge you
hundreds of thousands of dollars for
your premium and if you have a heart
attack your insurer can say well we're
not covering those claims because that
was pre-existing so it's precisely what
you and Ron said sometimes you have to
read the fine print but I think at this
point I gotta say I mean if a voter does
not recognize that these folks are not
just gunning for pre-existing conditions
but actually gunning for Medicare and
Social Security to help offset the call
the cost of their corporate tax cut then
they're just not paying attention and
Ron I think it's fair to assume that
Donald Trump has absolutely no idea what
he was talking about and has no idea how
pre-existing conditions works in law now
and how it would work if the lawsuit was
successful but people like Ted Cruz know
exactly what they are lying about yeah
you know it really is interesting as you
said maybe Donald Trump doesn't know
better although it's kind of crazy that
he has his own attorney general in court
suing to take away this coverage as he's
promising that he'll protect it but a
lot of these Republicans do know better
what you're really seeing is that in a
reversal of where we were just two or
four years in American politics the
Affordable Care Act is popular Democrats
are running on the Affordable Care Act
and they are gonna win elections on the
Affordable Care Act and that's a
dramatic reversal in how the public
regards this law so right credit to
President Obama he was right in 2010 a
lot of people paid a big political price
to pass this law and finally the
American people are appreciating what it
does for people you know what's
interesting is that I agree with Ron
about the popularity of the
the Affordable Care Act but I also would
like to point out the unpopularity of
the tax cut okay so the the the
Republican National Committee just
leaked a memo came out where they were
advising their candidates that voters
recognize that Republicans want to cut
Social Security Medicare Medicaid it
order offset the cost of their tax cuts
that's not a popular message and I think
it's probably pretty hard at this point
to find a Republican who is running on
these deficit inducing tax cuts because
we now have Republican leaders like
Mitch McConnell pointing to those
deficits as a rationale for cutting
Social Security and Medicare programs
that Republican base voters actually
like a lot thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
