day 575 of the Trump administration and
there is new reporting tonight from the
Washington Post that the president is
demanding more security clearances be
pulled as part of his war on the Russia
investigation the Post reporting quote
the White House has drafted documents
revoking the security clearances of
current and former officials whom
President Trump has demanded be punished
for criticizing him or playing a role in
the investigation of Russian
interference in the 2016 election
according to senior administration
officials Trump wants to sign most if
not all of them said one senior White
House official who indicated that
communications aides including press
secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders and
bill shine the newly named deputy chief
of staff have discussed the optimum
times to release them as a distraction
during unfavorable news cycles Wednesday
Trump canceled the security clearance
for former CIA director John Brennan one
of his harshest critics Brennan
joined Rachel Maddow this evening and in
a moment we'll show you his reaction to
Trump's latest moves Brennan who is a
senior national security and
intelligence analyst for MSNBC and NBC
News was one of the first officials to
sound the alarm on Russian meddling in
the 2016 election this week the White
House also threatened to take away
security clearances for several other
former top intelligence and law
enforcement officials with links to the
Russia investigation raising concerns
Trump could make a similar move against
special counsel Robert Muller this
morning the president again expressed
his frustration with the Russia inquiry
look I say it I say it again that whole
situation is a rigged would John it's a
totally rigged deal they should be
looking at the other side they should be
looking at all the people that got fired
by them they should be looking at all
these FBI guys who got fired and demoted
it's a really win it's not us it is a
rigged witch hunt that said it for a
long time
mr. Muller is highly conflicted in fact
Comey is like his best friend
I could go into conflict after conflict
but sadly mr. Muller is conflicted but
let him write his report we did nothing
there's no collusion but if yous doing
an honest report he'd write it on the
other side the president's decision to
target security clearances and to take
away Brennan's privileges has sparked
intense criticism from the intelligence
community including several former
agency heads in dozens of former CIA
officers this morning Trump defended his
action the tremendous response from
having done that because security
clearances are very important to me very
very important and I've had a tremendous
response for having done that Trump also
addressed the growing concern about a
chilling effect on free speech saying he
was attempting to end that he claims he
was attempting to silence Brennan many
people don't even know who he is and now
he has the bigger voice and that's okay
with me because I like taking on voices
like that
I've never respected him I've never had
a lot of respect now as we mentioned
John Brennan spoke with Rachel Maddow
tonight his first sit-down interview
since that security clearance was
revoked and here is his reaction to
tonight's Washington Post story about
Trump's efforts to take other officials
clearances the fact that he's using a
security clearance of a former CIA
director as a pawn in his public
relations strategy I think is just so
reflective of somebody who quite frankly
don't want to use this term maybe but
he's drunk on power he really is and I
think he's abusing the powers of that
office I think right now this country is
in a crisis in terms of what mr. Trump
has done and is liable to do Brennan
also spoke about his concerns regarding
the Russia investigation
Robert Muller is a real national
treasure he needs to be able to continue
with this investigation unimpeded there
is collusion I think in open sight now
because so many things I've learned
since I left office because of what has
appeared in the press you know the Trump
Tower meeting that Don jr. and others
and I also when I was CIA director I
didn't know that it was the day that mr.
Trump basically gave a public call to
the Russians to find Hillary Clinton's
emails that of in fact was that same day
that the GRU was actively looking for it
so there is collusion plain sight and
let's bring in our leadoff panel for a
Friday night Jonathan Allen NBC News
national political reporter mica o yang
an attorney and former staffer for the
House Intelligence and Armed Services
committees and Phillip bump national
correspondent for The Washington Post
Phillip on this issue of security
clearances John Brennan had his revoked
we hear him speaking out tonight in this
same studio just a few hours ago he
talked it one of the things he talked
about was trying to prevent this from
happening to other former and current
officials does he have any ability to do
that well so he one of the things that
he mentioned that I thought was
interesting is that he was trying to
engage in a legal case to actually do so
and I'm not a lawyer so I don't know the
extent to which that would be successful
but it's clear that he recognizes what
the threat here is I mean President
Trump is absolutely right I clearly this
has done nothing to silence Brennan I
mean he was probably harsher in his
language tonight than he's been at any
point in time in the recent past but
what he wants to do is is he recognizes
there is a particular threat if you are
someone who Donald Trump still has power
over in the government who someone like
Bruce or who works in the Department of
Justice if he gets his security
clearance revoked that changes his
career that essentially makes it so he's
not able to work which is the point the
partner made and Brennan clearly wants
to make it so that Donald Trump can't
use this to publish the to punish his
enemies within the administration itself
within the executive branch of the
government which is I think the broader
threat and I think that the outside
chance that people are wondering about
can security so I'm concerned about is
whether or not he tries to exercise that
threat against Robert Morris team and I
want to get to that that name Bruce or a
little bit more in a minute people may
be hearing it this week for the first
time the president talking about it a
lot but but John I just want to pick up
two on something the president said in
one of those clips we just showed and
Phillip just alluded to there when he
talked about Brennan he talked about the
idea of hey he says I think I'm
elevating here in here
I want to elevate him here this this
fight over security clearance it Brennan
speaking out like he is this is
something the president is very
intentionally doing he thinks to some
political benefit well first of all he
likes to fight with people and he likes
to elevate people to fight with them but
I think we're seeing here Stephen I
would disagree with Thorpe one on one
thing he met he said that the you know
the president's enemies within the
administration what's fascinating about
what the president has done and I think
alarming to some is he's using not only
the informal powers of the presidency
but the formal powers of the presidency
not just to go after political enemies
and political adversaries but to go
after institutions that could stand to
thwart him to go against career
professionals in the intelligence
community and the law enforcement
community he's basically weaponized all
of the all of the parts of the federal
government that he really controls to
try to beat down those parts of the
federal government he doesn't
functionally control right now which
means Muller and to some extent the
Justice Department and to beat down
every independent institution whether
it's the media or you're talking about
the intelligence community outside of
the government right now yeah let's talk
about Bruce or here so the president
here evokes John Brennan's security
clearance John Brennan former CIA
director out of the government not in
the administration so he's somebody not
in government right now Bruce or who the
president was tweeting about again
tonight in government in the Trump
Justice Department right now is there a
difference legally when it comes to
revoking a security clearance or
somebody who's not in government versus
somebody who is yeah there is when there
are someone in government there are
certain things that would be legal to do
except for if you're doing them for a
prohibited purpose so for example you
can't say you could fire someone but you
can't fire someone because of their race
or gender or you can't fire someone if
they're a whistleblower so the question
here is is he firing Bruce or for costs
or sorry receive revoking the clearance
for cause or is he doing it for a
prohibited purpose because he's
concerned that this person is opposing
him politically or saying something that
he does not like that may in fact be
true so these are the questions that
internally they would have to
investigate
the president were to take an adverse
action against a current employee and
does he in general though does he have
more latitude if we're talking about
folks who aren't currently in the
government does he have more latitude is
that an area that's gray that needs to
be sort of worked out in the courts how
does that how does that break down it is
gray it's also because in the security
clearance area the president has
absolute power it's not regulated by
Congress it is just his and his alone to
decide so when he starts taking these
actions the real question is will one of
the collateral consequences for removing
the clearance is he trying to silence
people is he obstructing justice is he
doing things that will have other
impacts on the way the government works
when we're talking about the former hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
