everyone loves a parade that is a parade
that doesn't cost as much as 92 million
dollars and so with a soaring price tag
president Trump pulled the plug on the
military parade he'd wanted so badly for
this fall and who did he blame the city
that would host the parade tweeting the
local politicians who run Washington DC
poorly no a windfall when they see it
when asked to give us a price for
holding a great celebratory military
parade they wanted a number so
ridiculously high that I canceled it
Washington DC's mayor responded with her
own tweet yep I'm Muriel Bowser
mayor of Washington DC the local
politician who finally got through to
the reality star in the White House with
the realities 21 point six million
dollars of parades events demonstrations
in Trump America sad with me now as NBC
News national security and military
reporter Courtney ku be why it's so
expensive Courtney well I mean the the
DoD component and we should say all of
these are pretty much estimates even the
numbers that the DC government put
forward are estimates of what they think
they would need the the parade itself
hasn't really been that defined other
than what they expect to be the route
but what it's going to involve how many
troops all of that is still in the
estimates range it's going to cost a lot
of money for security it will cost a lot
of money for basic things like bringing
all these troops in for fuel for the
aircraft flyovers and you know and then
any kind of infrastructure that's needed
whether it's bringing in you know
facilities for people who would be
watching the parade and then any cleanup
after the fact so this is even from the
beginning we had been hearing this would
be in the millions of dollars but then
our colleague at CNBC Amanda messiah's
broke the story yesterday that the upper
range was actually more than 90 million
dollars which of course is you know
three or four times what we had been
hearing out of this administration so
far Katie the initial price tag was 12
million Mick Mulvaney the budget
director said it would cost between 10
and 30 million the president is using
that money that extra money that I guess
he says he now has on on fighter jets
right well probably there's gonna be a
new f-35 contract coming soon but but I
don't
if it'll be that if it'll be that
clear-cut that they'll move it directly
over to buying new jet my son he claimed
that let's talk about privatizing the
war in Afghanistan NBC News had some
exclusive reporting today that President
Trump is showing new interests and Eric
Prince's plan to privatize the war in
Afghanistan Prince wants to replace
troops with private military contractors
and contractors would work for a special
US envoy who would report directly to
the president president this would
completely circumvent the Pentagon it
would completely circumvent James
Madison and of course this isn't the
first time that we've heard this plan
surfaced last summer when there were you
know weeks and weeks of discussion about
what the administration called their
South Asia strategy which a large part
of that was how to deal with the
situation in the security situation and
the political and diplomatic in
Afghanistan and then in Pakistan as well
at that time this this plan are very
similar version of it surfaced and there
were reports that President Trump was
interested in hearing about it you know
officials who we spoke with said that
he's interest in it never really died
over the last year but it read it
researched again just recently Erik
Prince the founder of Blackwater put out
a video a 10 minute very late very
highly produced video where he talked
about his vision for how private
security contractors could take over the
bulk of the mission of what US military
are doing on the ground in Afghanistan
President Trump again has has this is an
idea that he hasn't been in the back of
his head all this time and we're told
that it's it's starting to you know
resurface the real question is is it
something that is actually plausible we
know there are a lot of senior
administration officials who are against
this and who would push hard both in the
Pentagon and at the State Department of
course in the US military
push against this idea there's also this
pre-existing presidential decree in
Afghanistan put in place by President
Karzai that really restricts what
security foreign security contractors
can do on the ground there that would
most likely restrict this plan from
actually going into effect unless there
were some kind of change unless there
were the u.s. were really to push for
this idea with the current
administration the Ghani administration
in Afghanistan well let's not forget
that Eric Prince has a
history of private contracting work in
in war zones
and it going wrong Blackwater 2007 shot
at Iraqi civilians in Baghdad 17 Iraqis
were killed 20 were injured Blackwater
employees said that they were acting in
self-defense it was a major controversy
at the time it made the nation really
question whether or not we want to have
private contractors missionaries doing
the dirty work essentially in wars that
were that were fighting abroad and and
it's not just Blackwater there are other
security contractors I mean one of the
ones that led to the Presidential Decree
by President Karzai was another
contractor DynCorp had a contract for
training the some of the Afghan police
the military and the police and there
were congressional hearings there was a
report by the Special Inspector General
for Afghanistan reconstruction that
talked about just how it didn't work out
and they used some pretty strong
language and saying that it wasn't a
successful mission so they have
certainly had a checkered past in the
real question now is you know is
President Trump really leaning in the
direction of doing this we know that he
has pushed some of his administration
senior members of an administration to
really show progress on the ground in
Afghanistan and it's a tough time for
that the Taliban are not really on their
heels in a lot of areas they've shown
the ability to carry out spectacular
attacks just this week they've shown the
ability to take out to attack Afghan
military bases so it you know it's a
difficult time if they're having to show
president Trump that in fact the the
world is winning the war in Afghanistan
and their princes argument is hey we've
been in this war for 17 years
conventional tactics are not working why
not try something new kortnee Kubek
Courtney thank you so much hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
