well shifting gears now three weeks
after the government's deadline to
reunite all of the family separated at
our nation's border brand-new numbers
show hundreds of children are still away
from their parents five hundred and
sixty-five of them still in government
custody nearly 25 of those kids are
under the age of five and for many of
them there's no word on when the long
separation will finally be over
NBC's Mariana Atencio has been tracking
all of this and she joins me now from
Miami Mariana your reporting has been
just so incredibly tremendous and I know
you've spoken to another family tell me
their story yes Kristen this Monica is
one of those hundreds of parents still
separated from her kids and she knows
the deadline has come and gone her
biggest fear now is that the family may
be forgotten this is her story Raquel is
a mother looking for answers and her two
sons have you been told when you'll be
reunified with your children all of them
have been reunified but not us she's one
of the hundreds of parents who remained
separated from their kids three weeks
after a court mandated deadline set for
the Trump administration
this is Raquel's youngest son only nine
years old
autistic and still in federal custody in
Houston her other son 13 years old is in
a different facility in San Antonio a
sycamore listo where are you they asked
cuando la monday yes but I don't know
what to tell them when we speak Raquel
was released from a detention center in
Texas
earlier this month que cuando sali era
and I had hoped sequences to be NIF
wherever that when I got bonded out they
would be there but the for SI solo
mister lugar following that it wasn't
that way in a statement ice claims it
received information that Raquel is a
documented member of the ms-13 gang in
El Salvador when you deal with ms-13 the
only thing they understand is toughness
the government reviews a criminal
background check by ice to identify any
red flags before they reunite children
like a lawyer
that alleged gang affiliation is keeping
her from getting her kids back even
though she was released from detention I
don't even think ice knows what umbrella
she falls under when it comes to
reunification they bonded her out so
clearly she is not a threat to the
public and I think that she may have
been miss marked as a gang member she
fled El Salvador after she says she was
attacked by local police maybe Adam may
hit me but I don't he dragged me
tortured me now Raquel is seeking asylum
in the US for both her and her son's
once she gets them back to repentance
hace para they uses come on to be
separated from them cannot certify that
the lastolite it's like everything is
missing like air
and that was Mariana Atencio we thank
you for that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
