the Vatican has responded to the
explosive Pennsylvania grand jury report
on child sex abuse the Vatican
condemning the abuse is listed and
saying quote there are two words that
can express the feelings faced with
these horrible crimes shame and sorrow
the searing report alleges Roman
Catholic leaders in the state tried to
conceal the sexual abuse of more than a
thousand young boys and girls by 301
priests over the past 70 years survivors
are now sharing their stories in a video
released by the Pennsylvania Attorney
General and on MSNBC I was groomed
starting young the day I met him I was
18 months old they targeted me because I
was fatherless when you have the priest
touching you everyday
you know that's a hard memory to have I
wouldn't believe me a priest in 1948 or
47 would abuse you Purdue they never
heard of such a thing
because they covered it up
it doesn't ever go away it has an effect
on you for the rest of your life they
have to be accountable the church for
what they did I had no desire to have
children
none because of this it's very lovely
especially it's your word against God's
how do people find their way after
something like this being raised
Catholic although I'm not practicing I'd
say now's the time you have to dig deep
into your faith into your faith not your
church's faith into your faith into your
heart what do you want people to know
about what happened to you I know it's
so hard to talk about but what can you
share with our viewers I'd like them to
know that I've lived for the last 36
years in a state of turmoil it's hard
for me to say this although I've been
speaking it that I've basically
emotionally abused my wife and children
due to my trauma I'm thrilled it since I
came out publicly the people that I'm
connected to now the stories that were
sharing the people that are reaching out
to me from literally around the world
this helps us all immensely we have all
been alone for so long it's a major
victory for all survivors all over the
world we're all excited I don't know
what is more shocking or more on than
this report so if this doesn't do it I
mean we're in real trouble as a society
I think we want to keep trying to
understand this so back with me now is
Sean Daugherty a survivor of priests
abuse in Pennsylvania Sean thanks again
for for talking about this so much and
being with us you and I were talking
about a report in Australia that says
that it takes an average of 33 years for
a person to come forward after being
abused in the church and on average the
alleged abuse takes place at about the
age of 10 for girls and 11 for boys so
survivors who are coming forward are
coming forward in their mid 40s what's
that feel like it's a roller coaster you
know some days it feels relieving some
days it feels like a weight around your
neck you know this is not an easy
subject to breach you know
the these are held deep deep-seated
roots that have caused a ton of
collateral damage and and they're hard
too hard to let go you angry what do you
feel I'm incredibly angry you know I've
been fighting in Pennsylvania for new
legislation for over two and a half
years since I first became public you
know let's keep in mind of this report
with 300 names 30 of them are still
redacted you know we don't know where
they are who they are which diocese are
they in Pennsylvania
you know the legislators the Senate
leadership in Pennsylvania refuses to
bring mark Rossi's why they're protected
I mean these are these are these this is
against the law violating as it gets
Senator Joe scar not Eve the Senate Pro
temp of Pennsylvania spokesperson just a
few weeks ago had mentioned that the
mark Rossi's common-sense legislation a
look back window giving people like me
who timed out at 15 the reason to come
out would unfairly target and bankrupt
the church that's where the Senate
leadership of Pennsylvania is so does
the church's response give you any faith
no it's the same old response it's the
same you know the Pope didn't tell us
who the 30 names are in a redacted
report
you know the Attorney General wants to
tell us who the names are he's dying to
tell us who the names are and where they
are in whose neighborhoods that they're
in and whose children that they're
around but he's forbidden because the
lobbyists and the people that pay for
the church's bills the people that pay
these lobbyists and these law firms were
successful at getting them to redacted
and they're successful at getting
legislation squashed down in the
Republican held Senate so go back to
Australia they've got a new law taking
effect in October which are going to
require priests who here confection
confessions about child abuse to report
the crime to police and here's what one
Bishop told The Guardian newspaper
politicians can change the law but we
can't change the nature of the
confessional which is a sacred encounter
between a penitent and someone seeking
forgiveness and a priest representing
Christ it doesn't affect us basically
they're saying they won't follow the law
they don't follow goal they rape
children it's against a lot of rape
children they don't care about our laws
they care about cannon laws and they
control our laws they don't follow all
laws they don't care about our laws but
they control our oil this change yeah
it's gonna change this is changing you
know this time is changing you know
there are 30 pedophiles running around
in very high positions in Pennsylvania
or outside of position Pennsylvania you
don't get 30 names redacted out of a
Supreme Court of ruling unless you're
powerful unless you've got some kind of
pull this isn't the janitor from some
elementary school they got the Supreme
Court to pull his name Sean good to talk
to again we'll continue this
conversation thank you so much Sean
Daugherty is an abuse survivor
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
