if you'd like you could stay like you
can also leave don't we get freedom of
the press and that was President Trump
telling the press yesterday they are
free to go or stay during Thursday's
cabinet meeting this was the same day
that more than 300 newspapers all across
the country launched coordinated
editorials as an effort to combat the
president's full on what they would
describe as a war on media while
President Trump continued his Twitter
taunts blasting newspapers and media
outlets as fake news Omarosa his former
aide released another tape the first
tape where we actually heard a voice of
a trump family member and she hinted
that there are more tapes to come back
with me now Nancy cook Jonathan Allen
and sung min Kim thanks so much for
staying with me Nancy I want to start
with you let me read you what the editor
of The Boston Globe had to say Marjorie
Pritchard she wrote this I hope it would
educate readers to realize that an
attack on the First Amendment is
unacceptable how was this effort
yesterday received by 350 publications
all across the country well I think it
made a big splash then so many
publications banded together and I do
think recently the president has been
going after the press much more and
there was a sense that this was the time
to speak up there's I think a fear among
reporters that maybe people could be
targeted or something could happen at a
rally but of course the president tried
to use this as an opportunity to say
that the press was colluding somehow you
know he really tried to again turn his
supporters against the press so of
course there was sort of the backlash
from his conservative base well and I
think that's an important point and that
was the concern among some publications
who didn't join in including the LA
Times who wrote this quote the idea of
joining together to protest President
Trump seems almost to encourage that
kind of conspiracy thinking by the
president and his loyalists why give
them ammunition to scream about
collusion son does the LA Times have a
point that when you see this coordinated
effort you're feeding right into the
president's hands you give him something
to point to I think they very precisely
do have a point and I want to point out
the Washington Post did not participate
and the coordinated editorials either
and I think it does play I mean we've
seen how the Trump has made us the
people in the press a foil to him so so
much throughout his presidency and it
does play right into his hands and look
we talked about the president's approval
ratings very often and but let's be
honest the media don't have a great
approval rating with the public either
so the president sees us as a fight that
he wants to have that he thinks that he
can win I just kind of do in doing this
just kind of think of the words of our
editor Marty Baron just saying that
we're you know we're not at work with
the administration we're just at work
we're just doing our jobs and and I
think a lot of media outlets have that
that same perspective an approach to
what is frankly a challenging moment
when you talk about being at war with
the Trump administration one person is
it's Omarosa his parade his former
apprentice who came out yesterday with
yet another tape on our air this one a
conversation she had with and that was
aired on Craig Melvin's hour this is
what Lara Trump had to say yesterday
about this this very firm statement she
writes I'm absolutely shocked and
saddened by her betrayal and violation
on a deeply personal level I hope it's
all worth it for you Omarosa because
some things you just can't put a price
on Jonathan your reaction and what did
we learn from that tape is there
anything absolutely damning in that
recording so a couple of things if
Lara's trying to make this sound less
like a soap opera
number two I think what we heard is what
I would call quit amateur quo as opposed
to quid pro quo
you've got Larry Trump on this tape
essentially offering what sounds I think
to most of us like hush money not
basically a no-show job with the
campaign for $15,000 a month she said
you can go to meetings in New York and
you can occasionally make speeches but
largely we'll pay you a hundred eighty
thousand dollars to do not much of
anything I think that's what we've
learned is what we already sort of knew
which is that there's this sort of
ham-handed not like The Godfather but
like some much lesser organization
frequent effort to get people to not say
anything about Donald Trump that
involves relatively small amounts of
money not that $180,000
tiny amount of money but if mama Rose's
got as she's claiming many many many
more tapes there's probably some value
to those tapes either for Donald Trump
or for his opponents son men how
concerned is the White House that there
may be as many as 200 tapes as The Times
is reporting to what we see from the
actions as we discussed earlier in the
show clear concern and that's why
they're taking dramatic actions such as
the security clearance issue to kind of
deflect from that and Omarosa has hinted
that there are so many more tapes to
come in the new york times i said
they're concerned that there could be as
many as 200 tapes so we could be seeing
these tapes drip out over and over
through the election which is cut or
even beyond which is kind of interesting
because I believe in the interview with
Meet the Press earlier this week on Rosa
said she's disclosing it now because she
kind of didn't want this to be an
October Surprise but it very very well
if they may well be through the election
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
