I talked about some new developments
this morning tied to the president's
plans for a military parade now it looks
like it might not happen after all the
president tweeting just a short time ago
that he quote cancelled it over the
ridiculously high price blaming
politicians in DC he first floated the
idea after watching the bus steal day
parade in Paris last summer the
president was apparently so impressed by
the display he said this to reporters to
a large extent because of what I
witnessed we may do something like that
on July 4th I want to get the details
now from NBC News national security and
military reporter Courtney QB who's been
all over this story court you and I have
been trying to report out the details of
this potential parade for months and one
of the things that struck me was just
how difficult it was to get any
specifics about the planning about the
cost so talk a little bit about that and
how this all fell apart well you're
absolutely right Kristen so one of the
problems with the planning of this
parade from the very beginning is there
hasn't been a solid vision initially
they were talking about this being a
more of a Veterans Day parade given the
timing and then given the fact that they
wanted to focus on a lot of the nation's
veterans but when we were asking the
specifics we were told things like
there's gonna be a lot of aircraft we'll
bring an old model aircraft
we're gonna have some wheeled vehicles
we'll have a lot of marching soldiers
and some of the old guard people who are
based up here at Fort Myer some of the
more ceremonial members but nobody could
ever really give us a lot of the
specifics specifically about the cost
and who was gonna pay for it
there was an initial estimate of
somewhere between around 12 million
dollars but that was just based on the
Gulf War Parade which was 25 years ago
when you adjust that for inflation that
made its way up to 20 about 25 million
which is what the administration first
said somewhere between ten and thirty
what that didn't factor in of course was
how many troops they were gonna have and
of course security what would take it
would take for security and then any
potential infrastructure Corrections
that they would have to make if these
large vehicles damaged the asphalt in DC
and down tyent down down DC there would
have to of course be reimbursed for it
so
one of our colleague Amanda messiahs at
CNBC broke the story yesterday saying it
that the outside range is actually more
than 90 million dollars so more than
triple the amount that we were initially
told this would cost but nobody can say
what the actual estimate is really going
to be because again there's no vision
they don't exactly know what this parade
would entail Kristen so I just have to
follow up with you on that because
you're painting this dire picture
basically there weren't any details
about how much this would cost the
logistics of it the planning of it I
know you can't read into the future but
you are immersed in this based on your
conversations there at the Pentagon
court do you think we're ever gonna see
this military parade take place you know
it's hard to say I think that it's hard
to envision a scenario where this parade
in the way that President Trump wants it
would be less than 50 million dollars to
American taxpayers so he has to decide
the president the administration have to
decide if they want to expend the
political capital for a parade that
costs that much money there have been
discussions about things that could
defray some of the costs things like
asking private citizens who have older
model aircraft to be part of the parade
and that they would front the cost they
would foot the cost also using troops in
the in the nearby area and calling it
training so that the their training
budgets would actually you know defray
the cost for this president Trump also
tweeted that he might participate in in
a parade at Andrews Air Force Base in
the coming year I'm assuming that he
means the the annual airshow there I'm
not aware of a parade that actually
exists there but it's an annual enormous
event just up the road at Andrews Air
Force Base but I guess we're gonna have
to see exactly what this administration
wants to spend on a parade christen
we'll have to wait and see Courtney I
know you're gonna continue to stay on
top of all of these developments thank
you so much for your reporting hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
