new information that's coming out on one
of Muller's central questions in the
Russia probe what did actually go down
inside the famous 2016 Trump Tower
meeting the Guardian reporting tonight
that the Russian billionaire who
organized it formed an American shell
company one month beforehand now Muller
already knows that we would think and
it's coming after there was developments
about another central figure in the
meeting who's doing talking Muller
reportedly pumping Paul Manafort now for
information explicitly on Roger stone
they are former business partners in CNN
reports Manta Ford has been to Miller's
office at least nine times in the past
four weeks alone for six our Intel
sessions main affordance don't have this
long history their firm was Black Manta
Ford stone and Kelly in that photo there
that you've seen before probably that's
Manta fort and stone there were also a
groomsman at Stone's wedding they are
close friends to be sure now Stone says
he's highly confident man afford is
aware of no wrongdoing on his part in
the 2016 campaign but he notes it's
possible Muller could charge him and
earlier this year he acknowledged the
possibility of indictment so you are you
are concerned about a potential
indictment concern would be too strong I
very knowledge that it's a possibility
I'm joined by Nick Ackerman a former
assistant Watergate special prosecutor
and former federal prosecutor Joyce
Vance back with us Nick if this is the
quiet period for Muller one wonders what
the louder period could look like after
election day what does it tell you that
the mana four meetings are going this
long and that they involve Roger stone
who we should say on your behalf full
disclosure you also interviewed back in
the day when you were a Nixon prosecutor
that's correct
no it says to me this is obviously what
you'd expect Muller to be doing the
first person you'd want to be talking to
men afford about is Roger stone they go
back as you mentioned to 1980 as
business partners they have a longtime
relationship it was Roger stone that
recommended to Donald Trump that he take
on manna Ford as his campaign manager or
bring him into the campaign in March of
2016 who later became Donald Trump's
campaign man
Roger stone is right in the middle of
everything it all starts in the spring
of 2016 or May of 2006 15 rather when
basically they go through this big
charade of Roger stone being fired from
the Trump campaign Roger stone claims he
quit but basically he goes undercover to
work on the Trump campaign and we know
that during that period of time up
through the spring of 2016 he is talking
to people saying to them that he has had
conversations with Julian Assange and
others that he knows that the Russians
have hacked into the Democratic National
Committee and that they've got the
Hillary Clinton emails and other emails
and documents from the Democratic
National Committee he's right in the
middle of talking to goose' 42.0 who is
the Russian operative that releases
these emails early on in June of 2016
shortly after the Trump Tower meeting
he's also talking and he claims to a
number of people that he was talking to
Julian Assange even though later on he
totally denies that so if you're looking
for the key weak spot in terms of who is
the connection that makes the conspiracy
between the Trump campaign and the
Russian government it's got to be Roger
stone and the person who obviously
should know the most about what Roger
stone was doing is Paul Manafort his
longtime friend and the campaign manager
during the time when Roger stone had all
of these conversations and Jois this
goes I think to the limits of the movie
analogies for understanding
investigations although we we use them
and we love them but the notion that
you're always going up the chain is a
little bit simplistic because stone is
probably roughly lateral to Manta for
but molar seems to think that it's worth
getting all this information as Nick
says you know Nick I think is right that
stone has to be a primary focus of
molars conversations with Manta fort but
the way I've always viewed to the extent
that there might be a concern
see how it would work is it would be
more like the hub of a wheel with
different spokes going out from the hub
to different parts on the wheel so the
connection with Robert stone are sorry
with with Roger stone - julian assange
might be one of those spokes and there
could be other portions and other people
involved in separate conspiracies who
don't know each other but all part of
the effort to collude with Russia for
the benefit of the campaign both of you
please stay with me we're gonna go even
deeper because before manifold was
talking to Muller he was talking to the
filmmakers at the documentary get me
Roger stone which would prove to be more
than a narrative interest this is
verging on evidence take a look at him
revealing how stone recommended him -
yes Donald Trump in that critical role
as Campaign Chair Roger was one of the
two or three people who strongly
recommended me yes even after Roger
stopped being the principal political
adviser to Trump he continued to be a
very important adviser in his to this
day and is to this day Morgan family
directed that documentary and worked
with stone for more than five years
Morgan let's pick up on what manna Ford
says right there it reinforces Nick
Ackerman's theory of the case that
whether or not you were technically on
payroll this is a man who was intimately
bound up at the candidate level which
became of course the president level as
an advisor no that's absolutely true Ari
when in there's a part in our movie when
Manta Ford is hired and Roger tells a
reporter that he's back in the saddle
with the Trump campaign Roger put manna
fort into the campaign he was as inside
man it enabled him to have a great deal
of influence in the in the center of the
campaign and ironically even though this
was Manta Ford's opportunity to get back
on the national stage in a extremely
important role it ultimately has proven
to be as undoing because of the the the
guilty pleas that have been brought
against him subsequently so when you
were interviewing a Paul Manafort at
that time what did you glean that
applies today did you see any fissures
in their relationship did you imagine
the Manta fort would be in a position to
turn on zona would have negative
information about him
up to this juncture to be clear about
the evidence we know that Paul Manafort
has done more criminal activity than
Roger who appears to be of interest but
we can't say anything more than that I
think that Roger is probably reeling
from this latest revelation about manna
for cooperating with Muller in regards
to him this will be a tremendous
personal betrayal
Roger became friends with manna Ford in
when he was in his teens and mana Ford
and he were involved in in Caen and
Connecticut politics get together as you
saw in that picture from our movie when
Roger is 22 man afford as a groomsman at
his wedding and when he's 24 mana fort
manages his successful campaign to
become national chairman of the Young
Republicans so he and Roger manna Fork
go back as far as they possibly can go
and he's absolutely an extraordinarily
significant person in Rogers life and if
he's dropping a dime on Roger that would
be both painful for him on a personal
level and of course on a legal level as
well and and Nick Ackerman sam nunn Berg
was someone who worked directly for
Roger although they did have a
falling-out he provided his testimony as
I think many people remember and here's
what he said about all this in terms of
his expectations after speaking to
mullahs investigators on the beat when
Roger is indicted unfortunately I don't
support it you'll have some you expect
him to be indicted yes I do and you're
gonna have some broad charge that he was
part of a conspiracy to defraud America
then backed up with a bunch of financial
financial charges Nick it's not gonna be
backed up by a bunch of financial
charges it's gonna be backed up by the
testimony of Paul Manafort probably
corroborated by his assistant Rick Gates
maybe even corroborated by trumps lawyer
Cohen and further corroborated by the
former national security adviser so
either way I think what you're gonna
look at here is a case that could
basically rest on a number of different
witnesses be corroborated by
documents if you looked at that last
indictment of the Russians relating to
the conspiracy to break into the
Democratic National Committee a computer
and then staged the release of the
stolen documents and emails
Roger stones conversations with gusoff
42.0 are specifically referenced as
overt acts in that conspiracy I think
you're going to see a whole series of
testimony and documents supporting an
indictment on Roger stone and Morgan
have you turned over any of your video
materials or evidence to any authorities
now I mean I think that our our film
speaks for itself and you know I I'm not
sure how this will all play out and it
certainly it seems like it's getting
closer and closer to Roger every day and
I'm sure that this is deeply concerning
for Roger to be such a clear focal point
of the probe at this point hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
