once upon a time last year the President
of the United States confessed in an
interview that he had fired the head of
the FBI not because of any of the
reasons his White House had publicly
cited for that firing not because of
recommendations from other officials
that was the official cover story no he
just flat-out confessed that the
official cover story wasn't true
actually he fired the FBI director he
said in an interview because the FBI was
investigating whether Russia helped
elect him and and whether or not his
campaign was in on that I was going to
fire Comey I there's no good time to do
it by the way they your letter he said I
accepted accepted their recommendation
they already made the decision
oh I was going to fire regardless of
record so there was a really relevant he
made a recommendation he's highly
respected very good guy very smart guy
the Democrats liked him the Republicans
like him he made a recommendation but
regardless of recommendation I was going
to fire call me knowing there was no
good time to do it and in fact when I
decided to just do it I said to myself I
said you know this Russia thing with
Trump and Russia is a made-up story that
actually happened a little more than a
year ago see I mean it was Jay it's
surreal now but when it happened it was
just as surreal then as it still is now
back to James call me your staff has
been insisting all week that you didn't
fire him because of his Russian
investigation no I did wait what I fired
him because of Russia I thought he's
investigating Russia I don't like that I
should fire
and you're just admitting that but
that's obstruction of justice sure okay
wait so did I get them nothing matters
absolutely nothing battle Michael che
and Alec Baldwin basically getting the
truth more true than the truth but you
know I mean we can't we have to refuse
to believe that nothing matters we can't
accept that nothing matters obstruction
of justice is a thing presidents are not
allowed to do that thing the only
question that we're living through now
is how this president might get stopped
from doing it I think that's part of
what we're still sorting out as a
country fifteen months after the
president really did just tell a
reporter in a live interview that that
is what he had done that he had fired
the FBI director to obstruct an ongoing
FBI investigation into him and his
campaign well that was 15 months ago now
it has happened again in a story that
interestingly The Wall Street Journal
has sort of tried to bury online today
ever since they first published it this
is a heck of a scoop The Wall Street
Journal has but they have already taken
it off their front page I don't know why
but reporters Peter Nicholas + Michael
bender didn't get this scoop here's the
report quote President Trump drew a
connection between the Special Counsel
investigation into alleged Russian
interference in the 2016 election and
his decision to revoke the security
clearance a former CIA director John
Brennan and review the clearances of
several other former officials in an
interview mr. Trump cited mr. Brennan as
among those he held responsible for the
Russia investigation Brennan was
director of the CIA in the democratic
administration of former President Obama
and one of those who presented evidence
to trump shortly before his inauguration
that Russia had interfered in the 2016
election mr. Trump said in the interview
quote I call it the rigged witch hunt
it is a sham and these people let it he
added so I think it's something that had
to be done
creating this and the Wall Street
Journal I feel like Michael che like
okay so we got him right is this book
this is all over now right no nothing
matters anymore John Brennan was White
House Homeland Security Advisor he ran
the National Counterterrorism Center
under george w bush he spent 25 years at
the CIA rising to become CIA director in
2013 in his capacity as CIA director he
was directly involved personally
involved with the initial response to
the russian attack on the 2016 elections
he ran the agency right through the 2016
elections until the day of trump's
inauguration which is when he retired as
such president Trump never got the
chance to fire John Brennan but now
President Trump is admitting in black
and white that the reason he has taken
away Brennan's security clearance was
because of Brennan's role in the Russia
investigation now a lot of the reaction
to this today is that this is a unique
this has never really happened before
but this isn't the same kind of
admission of obstruction of justice that
we saw from the president in that NBC
News Lester Holt interview about James
Comey last year James Comey after all
was leading the FBI while the FBI was
investigating the Russia issue firing
him in the middle of that investigation
might logically have had an effect on
the investigation since at the time he
was head of that agency in contrast John
Brennan is already retired and with the
exception of Bruce or who still works in
a senior role at the Justice Department
all of the other senior law enforcement
and intelligence personnel who the
president threatened and put on this
list yesterday for security clearance
revocation they're all prior officials
now to their formers they're not running
anything the way Comey was running the
FBI and the Russia investigation when
Trump fired him
and I get that distinction but there is
one part of this that you should know
which is what Brennan himself was saying
right up until this whole thing blew up
yesterday about how exactly he was using
his security clearance these days I
don't know what's going to happen but
you
you know they have a real flawed
understanding about what security
clearances mean I've gone back to the
agency in the number of times to review
my files so I could be prepared for
congressional committee hearings or as
well as interviews by staff but I have I
don't go back to the agency and get
briefings I've never requested a
briefing on any issue over the past year
and a half since I left government what
he has used his security clearance for
is to go back to the agency a number of
times to review his own files so he can
prepare for congressional committee
hearings and interviews by investigative
staff so everybody's saying this is a
symbolic thing the president has done
right maybe it's troubling but it
doesn't necessarily have any material
consequences for the ongoing
investigations or for the president's
legal fate but from the president's
perspective think about this for a
second what if the practical effect of
taking away a security clearance from a
former official who was involved in the
formative stages of the russia'
investigation is that you interfere with
that former official accessing his or
her own notes and files his or her own
materials from a former agencies where
those people worked right during their
time working on the Russia investigation
according to Brennan that's something
you'd need to do and that you might
employ your security clearance to do if
you're going to be questioned on these
matters as part of ongoing
investigations I mean look at look at
the list look at almost all of the names
on the list of people the president
wants to do this to Brennan CIA director
during the Russia attack clapper
Director of National Intelligence during
the Russia attack Comey director of FBI
during the Russia attack McCabe Deputy
Director of the FBI during the Russia
attack struck head of
counterintelligence at the FBI during
the Russia attack Susan Rice national
security adviser during the Russia
attack Sally Yates Deputy Attorney
General during the Russia attack
I mean security clearances may or may
not be something any of these people are
using for their current work but if they
are stripped of their clearances or
blocked from ever getting them again
what does that do to their ability to
prepare for testimony and to testify if
need be I mean we have good reason after
all to think that a bunch of these
people might have important things to
say provided they can speak about
classified material in a classified
setting
do you believe Donald Trump colluded
with Russia it's a question I don't
think I should answer in an open setting
miss Yates do you have any evidence are
you aware of any evidence that would
suggest that in the 2016 campaign
anybody in the Trump campaign included
colluded with the Russian government or
intelligence services and in a proper
fashion and Senator my answer to that
question would require me to reveal
classified information and so I can't
answer that on the Flint investigation
is it not true that mr. Flynn was and is
a central figure in this entire
investigation of the relationship
between the Trump campaign and the
Russians I can't answer that in an open
setting sir on January 24th you just
testified that national security adviser
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about
his underlying conduct what was that
underlying conduct again I hate to
frustrate you again but I think we're
going to have to because my knowledge of
his underlying conduct is based on
classified information and so I can't
reveal what that underlying conduct is
at the time of your departure from the
FBI was the FBI able to confirm any
criminal allegations contained in the
steal document mr. Chairman I don't
think that's a question I can answer in
an open setting what was it about the
Attorney General's own interactions with
the Russians or his behavior with regard
to the investigation that would have led
the entire leadership of the FBI to make
this decision our judgment as I recall
was that he was very close to and
inevitably going to recuse himself for a
variety of reasons we also were aware of
facts that I can't discuss in an open
setting that would make his can
engagement in a Russia related
investigation problematic I can't
confirm whether in fact those
conversations regarding sanctions
occurred because that would require me
to reveal classified information The
Guardian has reported that Britain's
intelligence service first became aware
in late 2015 of suspicious interactions
between Trump advisers and Russian
intelligence agents this information was
passed on to US intelligence agencies
over the spring of 2016
multiple European allies passed on
additional information to the United
States about contacts between the Trump
campaign and Russians is this accurate I
can't answer that general clapper is
that
uh yes it is and it's also quite
sensitive okay let me ask you this the
specifics are quite sensitive director
there is what is referred to as
consciousness of guilt evidence that's
when somebody lies about a material fact
and that fact the fact of them line can
be used against that person because it
would be in essence an effort to cover
up what happened meaning if you know you
were telling the truth you wouldn't have
anything to cover up with respect to
some of the contacts that you've
referred to between Russia and Trump
campaign officials are you aware of any
of those u.s. persons who had contacts
with Russia either making false
statements about those contacts or
failing to disclose those contacts I
think that's something that you can we
can pursue in closed session this list
of people the president is targeting now
in terms of taking away their security
clearances that would of course wall
them off from here on out from any
classified information given what they
know from their previous involvement in
the Russia investigation as senior law
enforcement and senior intelligence
officials that might end up being a
really important thing if and when this
whole scandal ever gets adjudicated
whether its adjudicated in a court of
law or in impeachment proceedings or
whatever I mean keep in mind when the
president blurted out to the Wall Street
Journal in this interview that he made
this list of targets and he went ahead
and revoked running security clearance
because of the Russia investigation he
didn't tell The Wall Street Journal he
did that because he doesn't like John
Brennan's recent criticism of him or any
of these other people recently having
spoken against him he said explicitly
the reason he did it was because these
people had a role back in the day
leading the Russia investigation what he
called the rigged witch hunt he's not
after his critics he's after the
witnesses the Washington Post reports
just tonight that the president is
gearing up to strip more security
clearances for more people on his list
and then there's this the other question
I have is you know where does this end
what is the stop President Trump from
say suspending the eligibility for
access to classified information of Bob
Muller in his entire team and they have
to they have to offer they can't operate
without access to classified information
James clapper a longtime Director of
National Intelligence he's facing having
his own security clearance revoked by
the president he raised the prospect
immediately upon getting this news last
night that what the president is doing
here opens the door to him yanking
security clearances from Special Counsel
Robert Muller and his team of
prosecutors and investigators and if you
look at the molar indictments thus far
particularly the ones against Russian
military intelligence and other Russian
operatives it seems way more than likely
that the people working in a special
counsel's office have had to have
clearances in order to do their work as
prosecutors on this case Senate
Intelligence vice-chairman Mark Warner
is now raising the same alarm I guess to
me this had an eerie memory of an
enemies list these people were being
singled out to have either to pronounces
revoked or in the process of being
revoked to me smacks of dick Sounion
type practices of trying to silence
anyone who's willing to criticize this
president finally I worry whether this
precedence is going to somehow lead to
the president trying to take away Muller
and his whole team security clearances
this is clearly another effort to
silence critics and not allow the Moller
investigation and for that matter our
Senate Intelligence Committee
investigation to get to the bottom of
this there would be nothing this White
House would do that would surprise me at
this point so the security clearance
raid here it this is this is not just
you know talk from the president this is
action by the President and number one
it may really have legal consequences if
he's targeting witnesses if the
people he's targeting are gonna be
witnesses in the investigation or in
future investigations or impeachment
proceedings walling them off from
classified information may affect their
performance as witnesses also since no
other president has done anything
remotely like this before we don't know
where this will end now that he has
started it if the Washington Post is
Right tonight Brennan was just the first
one he was just the one to break the
glass to get us all prepped for more to
come the numbers to senator on the
Intelligence Committee and the immediate
past Director of National Intelligence
are both warning that yanking security
clearances from molars team is as much
in line with what the president's just
done as anything else why wouldn't he do
that but I think it's also worth
considering finally here that the
response to what's going on right now
may end up being just as historic as the
action itself John Brennan himself
punching back with brass knuckles on
today in this op-ed in which he uses a
neat little double negative
the president's claims of no collusion
are hogwash you see the double negative
there he says he says there was there
was no collusion well no to that no that
denial is bunk the collision happened he
says quote the only questions that
remain are whether the collusion that
took place constituted criminally liable
conspiracy whether obstruction of
justice occurred and how many members of
Trump incorporated attempted to defraud
the government by laundering and
concealing the movement of money into
their own pockets the collusion that
took place John Brennan is apparently
not cowed in the least by the president
going after him in this unprecedented
way that he has we will hear more from
John Brennan at this time tomorrow John
Brennan is going to be here live in
studio with me tomorrow for an extensive
interview it's his first live TV
interview since this whole thing broke
open but as I said the response to what
has just happened to Brennan and this
list that the president has created that
response may end up being as much a part
of history as all the rest of this
including this this remarkable gauntlet
thrown
down by Admiral William H McRaven this
guy with the superhero name the the
legendary commander of JSOC the Special
Operations Command including overseeing
the operation that infiltrated a Navy
SEAL team into Pakistan to kill Osama
bin Laden this is not somebody you would
expect to weigh in on any political
matter whatsoever but oh my god has he
quote dear mr. president former CIA
director John Brennan whose security
clearance you revoked on Wednesday is
one of the finest public servants I have
ever known
few Americans have done more to protect
this country than John he is a man of
unparalleled integrity whose honesty and
character have never been in question
except by those who don't know him
therefore I would consider it an honor
if you would revoke my security
clearance as well so I can add my name
to the list of men and women who have
spoken up against your presidency like
most Americans I had hoped that when you
became president you would rise to the
occasion and become the leader this
great nation needs a good leader tries
to embody the best qualities of his or
her organization a good leader sets the
example for others to follow a good
leader always puts the welfare of others
before himself or herself your
leadership however has shown little of
these qualities through your actions you
have embarrassed us in the eyes of our
children humiliated us on the world
stage and worst of all divided us as a
nation if you think for a moment that
your McCarthy era tactics will suppress
the voices of criticism you are sadly
mistaken the criticism will continue
until you become the leader we prayed
you would be that's the whole thing I
would consider it an honor if you would
revoke my security clearance as well mr.
president so I can add my name to the
list of men and women who have spoken up
against your presidency we covered this
security clearance raid by the president
last night as something that I said sort
of did have echoes of Nixon's enemies
list from 47 years ago when the Nixon
enemies list was finally exposed 45
years ago it became a public point of
pride in the Watergate era right it
became an honor to be hated and
illegally targeted by this disgraced
president before he was forced from
office
I said last night during our coverage
that the the Trump list of enemies first
published by the White House yesterday
that might eventually be treated the
same way
now with this from Admiral McRaven I
have to admit that I did not think it
would take less than a day honestly I
just want to add to I I don't know what
happens after this I mean I I know the
next step here is that the president and
presumably the Fox News Channel will now
start to try to slime Admiral McRaven
the special operations commander because
of what he's done I know that inevitably
will be what happens next but for the
life of me in all honesty I don't know
what happens after that you're talking
about going after Admiral bill McRaven I
honestly don't know what happens once
they inevitably start to go after him -
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
