day 574 of the Trump administration and
a new day brought the release of another
surreptitious recording by Omarosa along
with increasing signs that her book and
subsequent allegations and recordings
have ignited this president Omarosa
Manigault Newman says the recording year
were about to play for you here
illustrates an attempt to silence her
after she was fired from the White House
staff in late December New York Times is
reporting tonight that these recordings
have the attention of the White House
quote the tapes of Ms Manigault Newman's
private conversations with mr. Trump and
other officials connected to him have
rattled the White House in a way that
few things other than the Special
Counsel investigation at a possible
campaign collusion with Russia have mr.
Trump's aides have been concerned that
they will make appearances on other
tapes of which ms Manigault Newman is
believed to have as many as two hundred
this latest recording is of a
conversation in December 2017 between
Omarosa and Donald Trump's
daughter-in-law that would be Lara Trump
she's married to Eric Trump and she is
an advisor to the Trump twenty20
campaign Omarosa chose to share these
four excerpts from a recording of a
longer conversation it's important that
we let you know that NBC News was
allowed to listen to the recording in
full to confirm that the clips are
indeed in proper order and in context in
this audio Lara Trump refers to an
article posted the day before that
suggested Omarosa had damaging
information on Trump
lera Trump responded to that with a
statement that reads in part quote we
still wanted her on our team because we
cared so much about her personally
that's why I reached out to her to offer
a position with the 2020 Trump campaign
before we knew anything about the gross
violations of ethics and integrity
during her White House tenure another of
Omarosa bombshell tapes is a fraud
earlier on this network
Omarosa told our colleague Craig Melvin
how she interpreted that conversation I
saw this as an attempt to buy my silence
to censor me and to pay me off $15,000
per month
by the campaign you saw this as hush
money absolutely
he thought he could dismiss me you know
he thought you know that I could be
disposed of but Donald Trump is wrong
Vanity Fair has posted a piece
indicating the president is willing to
go to great lengths to stop Omarosa
quote Trump told advisors that he wants
Attorney General Jeff Sessions to have
Manigault Newman arrested according to
one Republican briefed on the
conversations here shot here's how she
responded to that are you concerned at
all about being arrested
well what mr. Nixon I mean mr. Trump
does will be brought to light every
action that he takes against me
jeopardizes him and his presidency so I
think that you should watch his behavior
and how he's unraveling and I don't have
any fear they're going to release some
more tapes if I need to I'll do what I
have to do to protect myself I am NOT
going anywhere I'm not going to be
bullied I'm not intimidated and I'm
going to go toe-to-toe with him Donald
Trump has met his match
so that gets your attention the
Republican National Committee has now
gotten in the game today the RNC
released a greatest hits video designed
to remind all of us about the warm and
passionate feelings Omarosa once held
for Donald Trump if policies affect my
community where I live in Los Angeles
and that's really why I can't buy him
and I believe that you will see that
this president is going to be incredible
for this country and I am excited about
what's happening with this demonstration
I'm very honored to be a part of this he
was the right choice for America when I
say Trump train I want you to say choo
choo
already there was a link to that video
today on the Twitter feed of the
President of the United States along
with this quote thank you for the kind
words Omarosa we have said it before
just this week and this bears repeating
those who dismiss any or all of this
fracas as some kind of dust-up between a
former reality show host and a former
reality show contestant may be making a
huge mistake
Omarosa is weaponized she plays by
Trump's rules and she has tapes here is
how one veteran observer summed it all
up last night on NBC
so after Trump's public praise of Latin
American his Attorney General's meetings
with Russians his campaign Chairman's
money-laundering his deputy campaign
Chairman's tax fraud his personal fixer
secret shell company his national
security advisors lies the FBI his son's
attempt to get dirt from a foreign
avatar and its son-in-law secret back
channels with that adversary the person
who could end up taking down the
President of the United States is
omorosa with that let's turn to our
leadoff panel on a Thursday night John
Heilemann MSNBC national affairs analyst
veteran political journalist who happens
to be co-author of Game Change and
DoubleDown kimberly atkins chief
washington reporter for the Boston
Herald and Ashley Parker Pulitzer
prize-winning White House reporter for
The Washington Post Ashley I'd like to
begin with you having laid out all of
that exposition including the political
science as delivered by Seth how central
how pervasive is this topic this cloud
in that White House it's dominated the
White House this week in the same way
it's dominated the news this was
something the White House was initially
hoping to avoid they thought they could
get the president not to engage on her
book but I have to say even before the
book came out even before this all
exploded people in the White House were
nervous about what Omarosa had and they
were reaching out to White House
reporters who they thought might have
seen excerpts from the book in advance
with at most Washington of questions is
and index and an am I in it and how bad
is it and that was before they knew she
had tapes so now that she has tapes it's
become an issue that as we can see is
consuming the President and some of her
charges especially saying that she has
information that the president knew
about WikiLeaks before anyone knew about
those WikiLeaks emails again we don't
know if this is true or not but could be
incredibly explosive and problematic for
this way it has gentlemen it was
fashionable in these circles about three
months to go to say things like of all
the cases we've seen of all the people
we've seen flip it's the Cohen case in
New York that's going to be pivotal does
art instead does our friend mr. Myers
have it about right that this this trove
of recordings and how they come across
this Trump trained professional
communicator you know this could be the
one well it depends a lot on what's on
the tapes nautical
well I depend a lot of once on the tape
okay um so you know are there really two
hundred what's on them I anybody in a
white house we've talked to over the
course allows eighteen months about
things that have freaked out the White
House and one of the things that freaked
out people you'll recall this reporting
was the sudden fear that some people
were wearing a wire
yeah house right it's very similar
there's an analogy I can parallel to
that and I think you know it obviously
puts the fear of God into people to
think that there's a bunch of tapes out
there they all had contact tomorrow so
of one kind or another a lot of them
talked on the phone what they're a lot
of them it but they're in rooms a lot
less secure than the Situation Room
which he also apparently taped in with
the chief of staff so they're all
freaked out about what might be out
there look you know Michael Cohen it
seems to me is closer to potential
crimes that the president the
president's family the president people
around the president may have committed
and in the end those crimes may be more
consequential but it is note there is no
doubt that the Pampas stuffed shirts
among us in the same way as people
minimized stormy Daniels of Michael
avenatti at the outset and said it's a
porn star and some cheap hustling lawyer
from LA it turned out that the porn star
was more relatable to a lot of people in
America and the cheap hustling lawyer I
put that in quotes just coke and I while
he's running for president he's maybe
running for
and certainly was able to do what she is
doing to him now she they are perfect
analogs he plays the game the way Donald
Trump does that is what has triggered
Trump so much is that he looks at these
people and they get the dynamics of
modern media she understands I'm not
sure she understands how to sell books
but she does know the power of tapes and
one note from a friend of mine who's a
former Fed for anyone who's been a
reporter in New York or bought a tabloid
newspaper the new wire is an iPhone the
ravenite social club where Gotti hung
out all someone had to do is bring an
iPhone into that room so I wanted to
point that out so Kim Atkins the
question keeps being asked what is the
president so afraid of what is the
president got to hide yeah I think
that's the biggest I think that's the
biggest open question here and I I know
you sort of dismissed the reality TV
angle of all of this but the thing
that's important about that is Omarosa
comes from the same place as the
president that mix of politics and
reality television she knows how to
tease out something for maximum effect
she's gonna keep dropping these
recordings whatever she has bit by bit
to keep her on television to keep her
book in the headlines because she knows
how to sell the exact way that the
President does so is there some there
there that's going to be her big finale
a big reveal at the end quite possibly
and it depends on what that is - which
is that will explain why the White House
is so concerned about it but the concern
itself is evidence that Omarosa was
present when people were talking
but to be made public whether it was
something illegal or something that
would be proved damaging to his
presidency we don't know but it's
something there or else they wouldn't be
this disturbed they wouldn't be keeping
you know the security clearance
revocation of a former CIA chief in
pocket to sort of lob out as a flash
bomb to divert attention it's an awful
lot of reaction from this White House
for there to be no there there
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
