we begin with an important story about a
president admitting a major infraction
today you know Richard Nixon often tried
to hide the fact that he kept an enemies
list but basically there is something
happening right now Donald Trump is
doing something you may have seen him do
before with other damning admissions he
is now admitting that his motivation
he's building an enemies list and he's
doing it in public this is a
continuation of the story you know about
the White House revoking former CIA
director John Brennan security clearance
which has gotten criticism all over the
place and now the Admiral who oversaw
the bin Laden raid weighing in today
telling Donald Trump hey revoke my
security clearance as well what we see
here is a president trying to publicly
abuse intelligence powers to retaliate
and there are worries that this could
silence some national security experts
particularly people who might work in
private consulting but still need a
clearance but it's not working on
Brennan let me show you this today
he says the Donald Trump's many claims
of no collusion with Russia are quote
hogwash he says in writing in the New
York Times that Donald Trump colluded
and the only remaining question is
whether that collusion itself amounts to
a felony and his Trump admits his
motivation was to hit back at critics
he's undercutting his own team which
you've probably seen on TV was claiming
apparently falsely that Brennan's
clearance was revoked only because of an
allegation he misled the government
about whether CIA officials had
previously improperly accessed
congressional staffers files now that
history and that fight with Congress may
be important but Donald Trump himself
admits in this new interview that was
not the reason instead saying I call it
the rig witch-hunt it is a sham and
these people let it adding I think
something had to be done
referencing hitting back at Brennan now
while it may not be a crime to revoke a
security clearance for improper reasons
that itself is debatable Donald Trump's
new admission has echoes of his public
confession after firing Comey when he
contradicted his own White House
statement that originally claimed Comey
was fired for a different reason
losing the support of FBI employees when
I decided to just do it I said to myself
I said you know this Russia thing with
Trump and Russia
is a made-up story it's an excuse by the
Democrats for having lost an election
that they should have won now we can't
compare this story about security
clearances to say the Obama or Clinton
administration because those presidents
never publicly admitted to abusing
security clearance powers to settle
political scores but there are
Republicans who struck a tone tonight
tonight that would be hard to imagine if
this was not something being done by
their own party's president mr. Brennan
has gone way over the line in my view
and I think restricting his clearance
pulling his clearance makes sense to me
why do people who no longer work for the
federal government still continue to
have a security clearance yes it was and
again there's nothing to do with
starting the Russian investigation or
anything else I am comfortable with the
president's national security decisions
period there was a time that he did take
away that because Brennan has been very
outspoken I don't blame the president
for doing what he did to Brennan this is
of course a controversy driven
deliberately by the White House and it
comes at the point the moment of maximum
worry over Paul Manafort
trial and his Bob Muller bears down on
getting a trump interview Trump's own
lawyer feeling the heat because they are
leaking new plans to fight a subpoena
from Muller for that interview if it
arrives I'm joined now by Congressman
Jerrold Nadler the top Democrat on the
House Judiciary Committee right in the
middle of these debates and perhaps in
charge depending on what happens in
November and click watts a former FBI
special agent who has I'm told your
security clearance yes we'll see what
happens he's the author of messin with
the enemy and I don't say that to make
light of it but first the congressman
and then you walk us through why it has
always been normal course for many
Americans after government service to
retain a clearance and for that judgment
about it to be driven by security and
not their First Amendment right to speak
about any government official well those
are two questions it's been the practice
for people especially high-ranking
security people to retain the security
clearance precisely so that the new
administration
can avail itself of their expertise and
experience when necessary so that for
example if you if the CIA catches
someone or suspect someone of being an
agent a foreign agent or something they
can call in the Brenin and say what do
you know about this guy etcetera and
without a lengthy period of of clearing
and for secret information and it's
really for the benefit of the the new
administration it's not for the benefit
of the former officials secondly - and
there is a process for removing
clearances if the person shows for some
reason that he's unreliable or she's
unreliable at keeping secrets than the
security clearance ought to be removed
it certainly should not be removed
because that person avails themselves to
their First Amendment rights which they
like any other American of a right to do
to criticize the administration or to or
to express an opinion on a political
issue because it's got nothing to do
with their security clearance and to
revoke the security clearance because of
that is to tell people you may not
express yourselves you may not use your
First Amendment rights we are starting
to crack down on the First Amendment
we're being on American and especially
it tells people whose jobs not usually
former heads of CIA but other people who
may work in sensitive positions who need
a security clearance who may work in a
private industry where they need it
which has government contracts and you
need a security clearance that if you
criticized the administration your
security clearance and your job may be
threatened that's what you expected an
authoritarian dictatorship not in a free
country and that's why this is so
precious
yeah it's rather interesting because I
don't think the president entirely
understands what security clearances are
for there's there's two parts to one's
eligibility to access and the the second
part is having access to it so for murrs
people that have worked in the
government that are going back in or
interfacing they keep their eligibility
for access that allows the government to
bring those people back in and if they
want to run something by them if they
want to read them into something or
discuss classified information either
that person worked on our new
developments they can do that without
that clearance they can't do that they
would have to go through an entire
process often oftentimes ones that many
years of the running and one that is so
far behind right now
that they can't even keep up with the
number of clearances we've talked about
it on this show just with a lot of the
White House staffers right I mean the
minutes and that goes to why it's good
for the government the question of is
this retaliation and should this even be
allowed is a larger constitutional one I
want to add to our discussion Joyce
Vance we often call on for big legal
questions a former federal prosecutor
take a listen to Senator Warner likening
this to an enemies list which is the
kind of thing that actually courts can
get involved in in patrolling if it's
bad enough take a look this had an eerie
memory of an enemies list these people
were being singled out to have either
appearances revoked or in the process of
being revoked to me smacks of next
Sounion type of practices of trying to
silence anyone who's willing to
criticize this president Joyce I think
our experts thus far tonight have
discussed why this looks bad why it's
petty why it is perhaps problematic for
the national security interests of the
United States it is of course a higher
bar than all of those things to get into
whether this is the kind of thing that
could be unconstitutional or illegal or
that a courts would get involved in I
wonder your analysis at that level well
this is retaliation pure and simple not
only did this does the president not try
to hide it with some kind of window
dressing he just flat-out acknowledges
that it's retaliation so it's very
reminiscent of this controversy that we
had over the firing of Jim Comey
where the president and his team said
but I'm entitled to fire the director of
the FBI whenever I want to and the
responses that's true but it can become
criminal conduct if you do it for the
wrong reasons if you do it with illegal
intent
just like the rod Blagojevich case in
Chicago where he was entitled to appoint
a senator to replace Barack Obama he
just wasn't entitled to take a bribe in
exchange for making that decision so now
where we are today is we've got a
president
yet again is talking about making a
decision for the wrong reasons
I think his counsel's office will be
very hard-pressed when they go back and
look at the reasons for yanking a
security clearance to justify taking
away John Brennan's clearance and the
president has told us why he did it
the problem Ari is that the real loser
is the American people because John
Brennan won't be eligible to be read in
on an on an operation where he would
need a security clearance and we won't
have the benefit of his expertise when
our country faces a danger the
congressmen take a listen to what we've
learned from John Dean about the
original Nixon enemies list and contrast
that to the White House today take a
look the memorandum was requested by me
to prepare a means to attack the enemies
of the White House there was also
maintained what was called an enemies
list which was rather extensive and
continually being updated
I've decided to revoke the security
clearance of John Brennan former
director of the Central Intelligence
Agency I'm evaluating action with
respect to the following individuals
James clapper James Comey Michael Hayden
Sally Yates Susan Rice Andrew McCabe
Peter struck Lisa Paige and Bruce or we
put those side-by-side congressman
because as you know the Dean testimony
came only after he left the White House
said this was bad and admitted it in the
context of cooperation today it would
seem according to critics that it's
getting worse because the White House is
admitting it by someone who is standing
at the podium listing off their actual
well known from that list public
political opponents well I agree but
there are two things here number one
that there seems to be an enemies listen
the president in in in the case of
Brennan you punishing a perceived
political enemy in the case of these
other people is threatening to punish
them
he's threatening to punish them for
their First Amendment free speech which
is bad for the Constitution and for
freedom he's threatening to use
improperly uses power to do it
that's an abuse of power one of the one
of the Nixon impeachment articles was
abuse of power this would fit in as an
abuse of power and and it also deprives
the American people of their expertise
but he also told The Wall Street Journal
in addition to that that he removed
brennan's clearance because Brennan was
in at the start of the phony Russian
investigation so this seems to be also
an attempt to interfere with the Russian
investigation along with many other
attempts which would seem to beg for an
evaluation as to whether it constitutes
an instance of obstruction of justice
which is you raise is very serious we've
spoken now about several aspects of what
is problematic on the White House side I
want to turn in fairness and look at
John Brennan who has I've stated here as
a journalist has every right to state
these views without the fear of
retaliation having said that and
separate from that he is also someone
who like you know certain things that
he's not supposed to get into
and I want to read from Republican
senator burr who makes an important
criticism I wonder your analysis if
Brennan has some personal knowledge or
evidence of collusion it should be
disclosed the special counsel not the
New York Times and that mr. Brennan for
a long time said less and now that he's
in a very high-stakes fight with the
president including potential abuses
that we've documented he seems to be
saying more does that not open up him to
the criticism that he's dialing it up
within the context of this debate and
that his collusion analysis should be
reserved for investigative process yeah
the dialing up I think is a dangerous
thing for these officials it unless they
can really come forth and talk about it
they should not be talking about it what
I find interesting about that list if
you go down from it it's everybody that
was involved with bringing the rush
investigation to the president anybody
that has done that is on that list
there's also one person on there that is
different from the rest general Hayden
general Hayden he's not part of the
Russia investigation he's not brought it
up he's not part of the hoax
he's someone who served it under a
Republican administration both at the
NSA and the CIA a longtime civil servant
and yet he is being targeted explicitly
for being you know outspoken uh
technically I'm overtime but Congress
and I said I believe I saw you strongly
disagree with me and we tried to get all
views here so please go ahead and tell
me why I'm wrong agreeing not with you
but the gentleman to my right mr Hayden
has not disclosed any private or secret
information about alleged collusion he
simply stated his his his conclusion
about collusion it's his opinion he's
entitled the state as a payment do you
think Brennan is is diagrammed too much
oh you meant Brennan I mean I mean
Brennan he stated his conclusion he
didn't reveal any secret information if
he has any he should take it to the
special prosecutor he simply stated his
conclusion I presume based on the public
record copy and I think that's a point
that it's clearly being debated but
important to get your views on that hey
I'm already melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
