I called the fake dues the enemy of the
people and they are they are the enemy
of the people
these are really really dishonest people
and they're bad people fake news fake
dues
they are faith
and even these people back here these
horrible horrendous people they can make
anything bad because they are the fake
fake disgusting news the enemy the enemy
of the people I call welcome back to
harbor those were just a few of
president Trump's many attacks on the
media and well today newspapers across
the country and I need to denounce those
attacks and remind Americans that
journalists are not the enemy led by the
Boston Globe more than 350 newspapers
across the country newspapers responded
to President Trump with each paper
writing its own individual defense of
the Free Press and instead of Toro The
Globe wrote the greatness of America is
depending on the role of a free press to
speak the truth to the powerful to label
the press the enemy of the people says
unamerican as it is dangerous to the
civic compact we have shared for more
than two centuries true to form
President Trump responded by denouncing
the effort on Twitter he wrote the fake
news media is the opposition party it is
very bad for our great country but we
are winning and he later attacked the
globe directly saying the globe is in
collusion with other papers on Free
Press
well I'm joined now by Marcel Garcia i
remember the globe editorial board she
was involved in planning the project
that in reaching out the newspapers
across the country I keep thinking
Marcella that this country began because
a pamphleteer Thomas Paine wrote Common
Sense and distributed 300,000 copies
that around the country knows copies of
what he put out on print are the case
constant a case for independence the
very beginning of our country became
because somebody wrote a really good
editorial you know and you know and I
just think about Uncle Tom's Cabin and I
think of all the things and all the
throughout they come because somebody
sat down and wrote something that they
believed in that changed our history for
the better and I wonder how a president
would dare to criticize that trend of
the good stuff in art history the good
stuff right it's that's exactly what
prompted us to do this it was an
alarming turn of events to have the
President of the United State
it's your president my precedent saying
these things about journalists you know
calling them the enemy of the people and
you know really is a dangerous path
there and like you were saying here
historically historically the media has
always been attack has always been
called bias has always been sort of you
know because we hold power accountable
right it's it's kind of you know
expected that precedence would be would
call a media outlet or the media biased
or you know against him or whatnot but
President Trump really did cross a line
and I think that's what prompted us to
act
we felt we needed to do something we
felt we couldn't stand on the sidelines
anymore because if we don't do it who
else will stick up for the press well as
I mentioned each newspaper was invited
to provide its own defense of the Free
Press today reflecting its individual
perspective in the New York Times a
frequent target of course the president
Trump's a tax wrote quote insisting the
truth you don't like our fake news is
dangerous to the lifeblood of democracy
and calling journalists the enemy of the
people is dangerous period the
Philadelphia Inquirer which I grew up
with wrote as the birthplace of our
democracy Philadelphia was also one of
the birthplaces of a Free Press and The
Enquirer born not long after the
country's own birth
proudly continues that legacy in Kansas
the Topeka Capital Journal argued we're
not the enemy the people we are the
people you know I don't know it's it's
the enemy that people part is
particularly to me awful because it's
one thing to have something clownish to
say like fake news which is a clownish
statement sure Nixon that is worst that
is worst said that the press we're his
enemy he didn't say they're the enemy of
the people
he just said deal with these people
they're all a bunch of liberals they
don't agree with me they don't like me
purse they don't like me because of what
I've done all my life but he never said
they're the enemy of the people
this is war exactly yeah cuz he that's
exactly right and that's what what
really we thought that a line had been
crossed and
he just thought that we needed to do
something collectively to stand up for
the press because and you know remind
people to remind people of the stakes
here what's at stake what's a roll
remind people what we do you know beyond
informing the public what do we do hope
our accountable you know and if we as an
institution get undermined by these
attacks democracy suffer and we all
suffer can I shift to a religious topic
the Boston Red Sox lost last night in
Philadelphia a religious topic with you
I know they lost I just a guy named
Ramos who's a catcher but went three for
four three RBIs I just want you to know
you are not invincible up there in the
whole universe just you know that that's
okay that's okay Chris cuz we're gonna
be winning again soon so thank you so
much my source from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
