than three weeks to go to the elections
voting rates remain under attack at a
lot of states last week the US Supreme
Court upheld a North Dakota State voter
ID law which could negatively affect the
state's Native American voters and in
Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp
who's also the Republican candidate for
governor hmm put tens of thousands of
voter registration on hold which is his
term which The Associated Press found
disproportionately affects African
American voters and on Monday in
Jefferson County Georgia dozens of
African American senior citizens headed
to the polls in the first day of one of
in-person
early voting were ordered off the bus
the Atlanta journal-constitution
reported the decision came directly from
County Administrator Adam Brett who told
the outlet Jefferson County
administration felt uncomfortable with
allowing senior
seizure center patrons to leave the
facility in a bus with an unknown third
party how scary
I'm sure major that Brown Dianna's code
directed the Advancement Project an old
friend of the show Jason Johnson
politics editor of the route calm and
Latasha brown co-founder of black votes
matter she was on that bus in Georgia
Latasha what do you think was up that
day they got all those voters off the
bus why did that happen who did it you
know it was the county administrator but
I think it speaks to particularly when
we're talking about rural communities
how there are folks who have unchecked
power and have had power so long that
they feel that they have the right to
make decisions to use that power in an
abusive way to make that have the right
to make decisions for other people that
actually interferes into their vote so
the county admit the county
administrator actually made the call to
tell the the the director of the center
that the people of the bus had to get
off and that's quite frankly he made a
unilateral decision based on the fact
that he didn't know who the people were
well we had spent two hours with that
community so at the end of the day the
people that made that decision that was
not his call well you know well you know
the history we'll get to it in a minute
but it seems to me that I've spent most
of my life understanding polling
operations and politics do you go to the
voters in their homes you go to their
community centers you go to their
churches you pull them out you get to
the polls
your side wins that's what politics is
about pulling getting people to voting
please did this person this
administrator of the county did this
person Adam no Adam bread that he no
that the people in the bus were African
American
did he know that they potentially
weren't gonna vote Democrat what was his
motive absolutely he actually says have
you look in a statement and when we went
to talk to him cuz we actually went back
to talk to him on yesterday what he said
was that because our organ the organizer
that was in the community that we were
working with happened to be affiliated
with the Democratic Party that he felt
that this was a partisan event it was
not a partisan event she happened to be
while she was a Democrat and connected
with other pieces that once again that
was not his call
that was certainly a issue of voter
suppression because who is he to make a
choice
for other grown able-bodied adults of
where they to go and who they are to
associate with Latasha you struck me is
that you strike me as a very aggressive
person which I applaud should people who
get in these situations next time when
they feel that there's some muscle
coming at them from authority figures
then they really wonder should they be
more pushy than your people where should
they just say damn it out of our face
we're going is that possible in these
situations to confront power I think you
have to have a delicate balance because
in many of these rural communities their
positions of power is very
interconnected in terms of the politics
of the economics so oftentimes people
who have the political power will also
have the economic power and there's
usually repercussions particularly in
rural communities so I think you have to
walk a delicate balance and we knew that
which is why we didn't push it at the
time we knew that we were going to
resolve it and since that time just a
report meeting of those voters many of
those seniors have already voted and so
there was a delicate balance and being
able to make sure that you do no harm
first you do no harm that one that we
recognized to figure out what was
happening but also gives the opportunity
that we're recognizing that in these
rural communities there can be a
repercussions so I think you're telling
me you're telling me you know what I
don't know you're teaching me because
they know a wife like me isn't used to
that treatment you know I haven't been
bothered about voting in my whole life
nobody's ever got in my face nobody
never stopped me but you've been there
and you know that they can get even
right absolutely and I think that's why
it's really important for us to
recognize that there is a spectrum of
voter suppression oftentimes people will
question whether where well where that
was voter suppression on that because it
didn't look like a poll tax or it
doesn't look like well we're asking how
many jellybeans but there's a spectrum
of voter suppression tactics and
actually anything that interferes from a
person's choice to be able to go freely
to vote that in itself meets the very
definition of voter suppression it seems
like dude there is a there dutchess
inspector but there's a line all the way
back to the days of when reconstruction
but the Republican Party sold that out
in 1876 and went back to Jim Crow where
they've come up with reading this in
Greek or the number of jellybeans in
this bowl are all these incredible
crappy ways to screw a person right or
laws like they have in Florida where you
can't vote if you had a you were
convicted of a felony put into the
Florida Constitution in 1868 and so yes
there's a spectrum and what's happening
in Georgia is though that that
legislature the secretary of state and
local officials of what they're trying
to do is make it harder to get on the
rolls harder to vote but easier to get
off so we're seeing everything from
difficulty from registering to kicking
people off the rolls but then as Latasha
said the things that are in the middle
the intimidation that happens when
police are at the polling place where
poll workers are turning people away and
not giving them their rights and then
these acts of intimidation that are
subtle what about this exact match thing
oh yeah so anyway your if you have a
hyphen between you say you get married
my wife is Cunningham Matthews but she
left out the - it's two names a middle
name and elastic if you go by the middle
and the last name as your formal surname
right and you don't have it in some form
right and got in your checkbook or
somewhere they can read in I you to vote
they'll knock you off and here's the
worst part and they won't tell you right
so you don't know until you show up the
photo booth and we've talked about the
fact that you know how many marbles are
in a jar you know how many bubbles come
out of a bar of soap exactly is that
true yeah these are actually true things
that were actually done during Jim Crow
basically saying if you write your own
name wrong in our opinion that's a
literacy test I mean you literally got
literacy test going on in Georgia but
that's not just all you have
these larger bureaucratic problems in
Arizona where the Department of the way
during this Blasi Ford thing we're all
over the place on that I called her dr.
Ford some women more feminists would say
you got to say Blasi for it even though
there's known - I mean we're still
having go to the post there's confusion
about which name to look it up under and
if you're if I'm in Georgia I'll forget
about tell me what you prefer I get that
straight Dianna's let's talk about where
this then what do you tell what do you
talk this is your expertise what do you
tell people who come into deep south
areas where there's trouble there could
be trouble anywhere when you get to the
pulse and somebody starts messing with
you yeah what do you tell them to do at
that moment you've waited in line that's
right you get to the place the person
never they always have glasses with
chains holding their glasses very very
local and traditional there seems to be
a problem with your name here what do
you say well we tell them do not leave
right number one you keep asking ask the
judge at the place the election judge
but ultimately there's a ballot of last
resort and that's called a provisional
ballot we don't want you to use it first
because it's the one that gets counted
last but we do want you to fight for
that right you can also call one eight
six six hour vote which is there's
always a raise of money that's right
that's right and start talking and then
poll workers make mistakes also and
bring every single piece of
documentation that you can at my old
university when they tried to keep
college kids from voting with student
IDs the university provided all the kids
with an energy bill from how much they
paid in tuition to pay the bills so they
could prove where they live
bring your documentation bring your IDs
bring your driver's license and bring
other people that is how you fight this
voter suppression a lot of this comes
from the fact that you have voting
organizations in the DMV so almost
working together to keep you from voting
if you have your documents you can fight
for hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
