here's something you got to see the
Trump name going down today
literally letter by letter their crews
removing the words Trump place from a
residential building over on Manhattan's
Upper West Side that's because residents
voted to strip the name down some
embarrassed over the Trump Association
now removal of Trump's names from
buildings is become something of a trend
in cities across the world and it can be
for different reasons but tonight we're
learning there are some deeper problems
with many Trump branded properties far
more than simple residential shame Trump
though long boasting about his buildings
people really want to move what I do
because I'm known for getting the best
locations and taking those best
locations and building the best build
people ask more than anything else and
if I use one word it's always quality
big windows great fixtures beautiful
kitchens located in the center of
Manhattan chic artist Enclave the Trump
International Hotel and Tower in Soho is
the site of my latest development that
site was not actually in Soho and a new
public ProPublica report shows these
kinds of boasts were often misleading or
downright fraud and that left a trail of
angry investors busted projects and the
Trump's often still walked away with
millions so that is part of the context
for these crews stripping Trump's name
down one more property today this is not
just about cosmetics there is a growing
anger as there has been more exposure
and transparency of these business
practices this is important so let's go
through a couple facts take this tower
in Panama City
investors trusting Trump claims that the
buyers had pre committed to purchasing
apartments in Panama we sold it a five
hundred percent premium anything the
luxury market has ever experienced prior
to our entry building we've sold over
ninety percent of it that is a big
assertion ninety percent sales those
kind of claims in real estate make a
tangible difference in investors support
and property resale if a building has
over 90 percent before it's even done
well you're looking good
that claim was false it was misleading
investors
because three months after that
interview the Trump's had only moved
their way up three months later to 79%
and that Panama project actually went
bankrupt but not before the Trump or
walked away with 30 million take a look
at another example Donald Trump with a
hotel and Tower in Fort Lauderdale that
he said was pretty much sold out there
in 2006 April in reality two months
later 62%
in July had been sold or in the
Dominican Republic Trump claiming to
have three hundred and sixty-five
million dollars in profit but an audit
two years later revealed that number was
inflated by 70 million or in Toronto
Ivanka claiming they had a tower that
was quote virtually sold out far from it
barely a quarter had been sold of those
units the deceptive tactics don't stop
there
all of this reporting that has come out
shows the Trump's would suggest they
were developing projects and then later
claimed they weren't here's an important
one in Baja Mexico Trump investing
hundreds of millions and repeatedly
portraying himself as the project's
developer as did Ivanka who now works in
the White House so watch as Ivanka goes
from saying she's literally quote
creating that property in Baja to dis
owning it
when the building faltered we're always
ahead of the curve and this would be
another example we're really creating
northern Baja the best site in northern
Baja and arguably in Mexico I actually
chose to purchase a unit
in the first tower we were never at the
developer of this project and that was
made clear but I do want to be very
clear that we are not the developer of
Trumbo ah this is a trumpian spin on a
very old saying profit has a thousand
parents bankruptcy is an orphan now
Donald Trump may not have planned on
winning the presidency and thus never
expected this kind of scrutiny for his
business but he did win the electoral
college
and now we are seeing every day with
these reports with these investigations
a spotlight on the way he and his family
does business which could orphan many
more projects before the Trump era is
over hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
