since the start of the Russia probe
there have been many parallels drawn
between Donald Trump situation and
Watergate the banking and financial
crime sounds like the parallel to
Watergate it sounds like a direct hush
money it sounds like Watergate two
different stories about this Trump Tower
meeting and what it does is reminds me
of Watergate we have to go to Watergate
in order to make sense of what's
happening tonight
there are many parallels to Watergate
we've explored them on this show as well
but there is a parallel that's also been
overlooked and that's how Republicans in
these areas have responded my next guest
Michael Conway was counsel to the House
Judiciary Committee during Nixon's
impeachment and he actually says it's no
surprise Republicans still are in line
with Trump right now he writes that the
notion that Nixon era Republicans
defended law over politics is largely a
myth Republicans did initially defend
Nexen at all costs he argues they even
slam the investigation as a quote witch
hunt or hysteria and Vice President
Gerald Ford described the whole
investigation is nothing but a cloud of
doubt a cloud of doubt hangs over
Washington as we are gathered here this
evening it is a cloud that must be
cleared away for the sake of our country
the tone may be different but the
substance is similar cleared away is him
calling for an end of the probe
something we've heard from trumps legal
team and many Republican allies in
Congress I think the Moller
investigation has got to stop we should
now spend our time protecting ourselves
instead of sort of having this witch
hunt on the president I've been pushing
for a year to end this investigation I
thought it was basically corrupt from
the very beginning put up or shut up
Muller it's all about timing Conway
arguing the what you just heard largely
does match what many Nixon era
Republicans initially did in reacting to
the probe and they only started to break
with Nixon after those smoking gun tapes
came out that would be far later than
the moment were in right now but it was
a moment when one Republican congressman
described inferences becoming fact mop
until yesterday I was
ready to be one of the ones who felt
that that he was the victim of a well
orchestrated Vendetta
but yesterday the inferences turned into
fact we don't know whether the evidence
in this case will come out the way
Watergate did Conway was there though
and he's arguing that history shows when
it comes to these kind of high drama
political probes party does matter a lot
and law is not always the first thing
the partisans are thinking of so to get
into it I am joined now by Michael
Conway as well as former congresswoman
Donna Edwards Michael you wrote this to
correct a myth why are you saying this
and why now and what do you hope to come
out of it well I think to correct the
record a little bit obviously at the end
of the day there were Republicans after
the smoking gun tape came out who agreed
at least to the one article of
impeachment about obstruction of justice
but up to then really for two years from
the Watergate burglary until August of
1974 the partisans rallied around the
President Gerald Ford said this was a
which I award we've heard repeated many
times now Bob Dole then in the Senate
said that this was a effort by the
Democrats and the Washington Post to
essentially go after the president even
up until the time that the articles were
voted and yes Republicans did vote for
for mainly the two main articles of
impeachment but a majority Republicans
on the House Judiciary Committee voted
against it as a matter of fact trent
lott who was then a congressman on the
committee said just the days before the
articles were voted that he saw no
direct evidence the president nixon
interfere with the FBI investigation you
just said the e word evidence it seems
to me part of what you're saying for all
the the cocktail party chatter about how
this is gonna go down is when people
look back at that era and say oh there
were different or better republicans
back then you arguing that's not the
case it was more when the evidence moved
them what happened and let's show of
course the famous Howard Baker moment
which you had some context to take a
look what did the president know
and when did he know I know and when did
he first knowing you argue that while
that sounds tough in hindsight it was
actually meant to protect Nixon in the
quote mistaken belief the president
didn't know about the Watergate cover-up
so it was a kind of a Devin Nunez style
move and then you also write that once
those hearings started Baker's staff was
leaking information about the
committee's witnesses and plans to mr.
Nixon what are you getting at there
well absolutely that at the time of the
this is the Senate committee of the year
before the impeachment inquiry and
Senator Baker was the lead Republican on
that committee and the minority of the
committee he was in fact cooperating
that we have a memo that John Dean wrote
at the time telling the president that
the Senator Baker wanted me with him but
wanted to keep it private so he could
keep his purity on the committee and
what he postulated that question of when
did he know it the idea was he thought
the president didn't know it until much
later and that it was his subordinates
acting on their own that did the
cover-up now when the facts showed that
he did know earlier then senator Baker
became a critic and the evidence point
you make Ari is very important there
were members of the of the committee
Republicans in the house yes true
committee who felt the evidence was
sufficient a minority of them seven in
one case to vote for it and they were
the majority did none that brings us to
Congress on what Evers who's been in
that body your view of this theory well
I mean I think that you know in
Washington sometimes they're always
romanticizing the past where there was
some bipartisan cooperation and it turns
out and Michael has done a great job of
putting this together in historical
context look I remember as a gawky geeky
16 year old watching the gavel of gavel
coverage of the Watergate hearings and
that there were no profiles encouraged I
recall him from Maryland and so Larry
Hogan's senior who was on the committee
was the only Republican to vote for all
three articles of impeachment and so if
we're waiting for the profiles
encouraged to emerge among Republicans
we'll be waiting for a long time right
up until the time when the impeachment
articles are being delivered I wondered
and then to extend Mike's point what it
means about our proclivity which has
probably only gotten worse as a society
to want to say we know things and we can
predict things and people look at
polling when in fact maybe what is so
important here is that we don't actually
know a what evidence will come out and
be how people will react but it would
only help Trump if cynicism took root so
deeply to assume that the Congress
couldn't be moved by anything if if the
facts ultimately show something that
merits action well I think people did
think the same thing and Watergate what
is it that's gonna make the Congress
move and that's why I've said all along
how important it is for us to both
preserve the integrity of the Amala
investigation but really even as
Democrats to await the results so that
we can then all be responding at the
same time to the same set of facts
congressman Edward congresswoman Edwards
with your expertise and knowing that
body it's very interesting and Michael
knowing some of the history and being
there front row seat thank you both for
being on tonight hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
