I appreciate your joining me Jim and for
your bravery and speaking out about all
of this I appreciate you having me
Kristen Jim can you just give me your
reaction to yesterday's developments
this report everything that the public
is now learning I think it's a major
victory for all survivors all over the
world we're all excited we were in tears
after the news conference with the AG's
office we are so excited for what they
have done over the last two years the
work that they've put in to uncovering
the truth behind the story we're just
excited but it's really just the
beginning for us we have many steps
going forward that we need to tackle now
Jim did you ever think you would see a
day like yesterday and all of the
developments the light that is now being
brought to bear on these atrocities I
can tell you that the 13 or 14 of us
that were there this this week didn't
think this thing was going to happen
until the last 12 hours because of the
way the church has so had you know just
attacking and trying to keep this report
from coming out so when it finally did
come out we were excited the truth is
out there now we're reaching out to the
faithful we believe in the religion but
we're after the criminals and those who
cover it up we believe that there's a
strong Catholic voice out there that
needs to start to ask questions of their
parish priests and of the hierarchy to
find out why this is happening why it's
continuing to happen and I want to talk
about Jim the efforts that you want to
change in terms of the legal systems in
place that's in place right now but if
you could what do you want people to
know about what happened to you I know
it's so hard to talk about but what can
you share with our viewers I'd like them
to know that I've lived for the last 36
years in a state of turmoil I
I've been highly affected by the
relationship the grooming process of
this I don't want it to be left out that
yes you know the king the physical side
of this is traumatic and in many many
cases survivors are still trying to get
over that but there's also an emotional
and a psychological effect that we all
have as well that sort of puts us in a
shell and doesn't allow us to give and
receive affection and love which was a
lot of my life and my wife of 33 years
has lived through that push and pull
that I put her through my children have
lived through that it's hard for me to
say this although I've been speaking it
that I've basically emotionally abused
my wife and children due to my trauma
and when you were just a young boy I
know that you looked up to your priest
as the embodiment of God what did you
understand about what was happening to
you when you were so young well I mean
the grooming experience I mean it's it's
a friendship it's you know a touch here
a touch there go out to ice cream go to
dinner you know suddenly alcohol is
brought into the picture you do have
some uncomfortable ability you're
concerned a little bit but over time the
trust that you've developed in this
person far outweighs those small
concerns and it becomes a normal daily
event so it's it's tough it's very
conflicting to look at my predator now
in shackles and orange jumpsuits and
getting ready for trial what gave you
the strength to speak out Jim and what
would you say to other survivors the
strength to speak out I would believe
would be my personal faith in Jesus
Christ I had nowhere to turn since the
church had turned its back and my wife
and I came together in Korea
did a very strong Christian faith that
we followed for years for new survivors
my Facebook page Jim Van Sickle is a
haven we've increased numbers there are
so many people reaching out if you are a
victim who is still silent you can stay
silent but reach out to this page and
and realize there are so many people out
there that are willing to support you
talk to you live and just help you
through wherever you're at in this
process of healing
and Jim the grand jury report says that
they won an end to the statute of
limitations for reporting and holding
people accountable for these types of
sexual assaults is that your number one
focus right now yeah the new session
starts in September I believe September
12th representative mark Rossi is put
forth a bill here in Pennsylvania that
includes the abolishment of the statute
but the most important part of that bill
and the thing that's the hardest to pass
is the retro window giving a two year
window for people like myself outside
the statute of limitations to have their
day in court if you look at this report
there are only two predator priests for
being who have been charged out of all
of these cases because all of them are
outside of the statute of limitations it
takes survivors anywhere from 30 to 40
years to finally come forward and be
able to face just the fact that they've
overcome the grief the shame and the
guilt of their own abuse Jim Van Sickle
thank you so much for your bravery and
for sharing your story with us we really
appreciate it thank you Kristen I
appreciate your time thank you for
checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
