Omarosa claims about WikiLeaks and
Muller do we know how significant this
really is because this is not about
whether or not Omarosa was a high-level
person in the White House or whether she
has credibility she's somebody that
potentially has tapes it raises two
immediate questions about Ms Manigault
Newman one is she really a witness for
Robert Mahler's investigation someone
providing information about what went on
during the campaign and it also raises
questions about WikiLeaks and Muller's
the scope of his investigation we've
been hearing for weeks now that
Associates of Roger stone the longtime
Trump advisor have been under Muller's
microscope and if the MS Manigault
Newman is offering information to Muller
about what she heard in the Trump
campaign maybe about Roger stone and her
or his associates or WikiLeaks or Julian
Assange or the Clinton dirt that was
supposedly being dug up by different
operatives that would provide a window
for Muller into what the campaign knew
beyond just that meeting in the summer
of 2016 with the Russian lawyer Eddie
it's no surprise that President Trump
went after Omarosa
that's his jam she went after him he
went after her but here's what Sarah
sander said about it I think that he has
made a number of comments about plenty
of people and to try to single that out
to one group is frankly silly because I
think if you did a comparison he's
probably got a lot more nasty things out
there about some other people okay so
what do you make of this she's basically
saying well it wasn't racist it was just
nasty but does that make it okay no not
at all
and look we don't need proof that Donald
Trump is a racist by finding a tape
where he used the n-word that if that's
the case then we have a very narrow
understanding of what characterises
racist behavior it's not just simply
using racial insult what is important
though is that the way in which he
deploys this language dog animal
infestation that big fat pig
breeders write it draws on a history of
stereotyped language doesn't exist apart
from the context in which we use it it
doesn't exist apart from the histories
that we use it
so the moment you use a word I use a
word in a context that with relate in
relation to a group of people who have
been castigated in a particular sort of
way even though you may use the same
word to describe a white male the moment
you use it to describe a white female or
an african-american or Latino
it carries a different register so this
is silliness on the part of Sarah
Sanders it's silliness on the part of
the Trump people I call everybody dogs
but one thing it says to me at least is
that you're an indecent human being we
know that and another thing that we know
is that in the context of your
historical behavior it's just another
indication that you profoundly
profoundly racist I want to talk about
decency I want I think the big problem
this country has is being politically
correct
I've been checked I've been challenged
by so many people and I don't frankly
have time for total political
correctness and to be honest with you
this country doesn't have time either
frankly what I say and oftentimes it's
fun it's kidding we have a good time
what I say is what I say often times
it's fun it's kidding he sounds like
Biff from Back to the Future and we
remember he ended up in a pile of manure
when you talk to Republicans you're a
Republican
I know well you know but I know when I
see the president do this it's as though
he's conflating two issues right being
indecent and political correctness there
are plenty of people who are exhausted
by extreme political correctness who do
not want to name rename their Christmas
party the snowflake bonanza I get that I
thought what the president is doing here
is disgraceful and well it might not be
the law it is our expectation for our
president to conduct himself as a moral
leader right and you're right with what
you said what you said you're right both
of you are right we are dealing with
someone that has not been in politics we
are dealing with somebody that came from
a reality show in real estate politics
I know pretty sure I don't call anybody
here big fat loser I'm not making an
excuse I'm just telling you what you
guys already know that Donald Trump this
is who he is and on on the tapes that
you just rolled with him saying this is
funny this is what I do he's crude this
is him and he announced it on the tapes
this is who I am
so we're all talking about saying you
need to shape it up you need to stop
using this language you need to you know
straighten up and fly right and close
your mouth Donald Trump is just saying
this is who I am
you know what offending it but his base
is backing it up they're backing him up
looking every time the mainstream media
comes at Trump saying what are you doing
you know you shouldn't be using these
words you shouldn't say this did it they
think they're picking him apart you know
he's doing so good with job creation and
with the economy look what he's given us
this just reinforces the face no I'm a
hundred percent with you but then here's
what's stunning
they then continue to lie about the
economy and I wonder if it ever makes a
difference Robert to you Noel brings up
a great point that no matter what
President Trump said or if there's a
tape I don't think anyone who voted for
him last time is going to change their
vote but given the the narrative that
we're hearing and so many people who are
just not enthused about voting in the
last election they were not inspired by
Hillary Clinton will Trump's
reprehensible behavior inspire more
people to show up to the polls who
didn't because it seems that votes
aren't going to get changed
but our new votes going to appear in
mass in response to the president's
conduct it's hard to predict what's
gonna happen in the midterm elections
but if you're thinking Stephanie about
suburban voters let's say suburban
parents suburban moms and dads who are
looking at this kind of language charged
racial language using the word dog to
talk about an african-american woman you
do wonder would that push them perhaps
towards the center towards the Democrats
but then again Stephanie think back to
2016 the people who voted in the suburbs
for a president Trump then knew that he
made the comments about whose resident
Obama being a birther back in 2011 and
2012 they knew all the
they knew he called immigrant illegal
immigrants animals this was all there
and they still voted for her many of
them in 2016 so this expectation that
Democrats may have that there's somehow
the Omarosa Manigault Newman incident is
somehow going to change things well I
just haven't seen data on that I love
that's right III agree with that point
but tell me about how Republicans feel
and I don't mean I don't mean Republican
voters
I mean Republican lawmakers I mean all
of those people who work inside this
administration who already have seen
people leave the administration and
unlike other administrations have a
really hard time getting a job if they
continue to stay and things get deeper
and lower in their own yep
I'm standing by the guy who says this
that and the other thing has is this
posing a real challenge for them you
talk to them well I mean it's a two-fold
deal and I'm not telling you guys any
big shebang any big deal any
earth-shattering news but the thing of
it is do people behind Trump's back go
oh my gosh I really can't believe you
know how he's acting or these words or
whatnot it's unprofessional but it's
more than behind his back but they're
professionally standing by his side he
is the President of the United States he
is a Republican Stephanie what do you
expect that the Republican Party and
everybody every operative everybody
working in the industry everybody
running for office what do you think
that what are they supposed to do what
about people that didn't that work that
were Democrats that didn't agree with
Obama what about people when Bill
Clinton was elected and he had all the
shebang going on with you know Monica
wants and they didn't agree with it what
have you done what were they gonna go
where did they go they become
independents doo doo doo things to you
like I'm not goin gee I guess I'm just
asking I would think that if I went to
the what if I went to Washington and I
worked in administration I'd be under
the assumption when I would leave I
would have job offers coming out my ears
name one member of the administration
who left who now is doing something
extraordinary or better than when they
came so let me see me rinse Reince
Priebus do what is doing lobbying
working for a firm he's got more in
and he was making I mean look I mean if
you're if you're saying that the
Republicans are all ecstatic about the
Twitter and the you know my buttons
bigger than yours and all the stuff
that's going down all this rhetoric no
but the thing of it is they're looking
and this I'm not making the argument I'm
just looking at this from what the where
the GOP had what we have to stand on and
the fact of it is the economy is doing
well
and people see it all right but they see
it this is they see it the argue okay I
got it I have to turn to Eddie and I
just want to go back to decency for a
moment yeah before you can have money in
your pocket before you can thrive you
have to have self-respect and and Frank
Bruni has a really good piece where he
writes the problem with being Donald
Trump isn't just being Donald Trump it
is all the other lesser Trump's around
you it is the versions of yourself that
you create the echoes of yourself that
you inspire they devour you in the end
Omarosa Michael Cohen Paul Manafort Mike
Flynn Rick gates are these lesser
Trump's coming back to haunt him for all
of those good GOP members who have been
Family Values Republicans their whole
lives now they are sleeping in the swamp
with reprehensible creatures but if
candidates are winning in the midterm
the endorsement they're winning in their
primaries right right but let's be very
clear here I don't want to give Trump
too much power
I'm gonna let you know he's a president
much power what he does what he's done
is provided an occasion for people to
show who they are he's not created all
of these folks they're not they're not
the he's not the cause or the reason why
people are indecent he's just giving
them an occasion to be indecent he's
making it hurried greed selfishness
narcissism isn't the sole possession of
Donald Trump he's given us license right
back slimy
b-being spirit now let me say this for
the cook in 1967 dr. King gave a speech
in Stanford University and he said in
I'm paraphrasing he came to believe he
came to understand that people were more
upset over the dogs attacking the
children and they were about racial
inequality they were more upset by the
brutishness right of the sheriff in
Birmingham than they were about
segregation so you got this question of
decency and decorum and folk don't give
a damn about justice don't give a damn
about the country so what I'm saying
here is this right
Donald Trump has created a condition for
grifters for people who are narcissistic
who don't give a damn about America who
definitely don't give a damn about
everyday working people to take
advantage of them they're the robber
barons of the 21st century and if
Republicans are so invested in their
brand they're so invested in getting
judges they're so invested in
overturning basic policies in HUD that
will that will allow us to track
segregation if they want to get
for-profit colleges to make money if
they want to deregulate so that country
so that it's communities that are
suffering under pollution dying people
are dying of cancer if that's what they
want that we need to call them for who
they are we need to say who they are and
they're not just simply the result of
Donald Trump they are who they are
we're gonna drop the mic with that one
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
