into the news here Joe we're gonna start
with the latest polling about the Russia
probe 58 percent of Americans believe
the investigation into Russian efforts
is a serious matter while 37 percent
told CNN that they think it's a way to
discredit President Trump
70 percent believe President Trump
should testify under oath in Robert
Muller's probe 25 percent say he should
not 56 percent feel the president
attempted to interfere with the
investigation and 30 percent say he has
not done that while a majority 56
percent think the things the president
has said publicly about the
investigation are either mostly or
completely false 37 percent feel he has
been mostly truthful when talking about
this so Joe nearly 6 and 10 Americans
still despite the president and his
administration's efforts to undermine
Bob Miller's investigation believe this
is a serious and worthwhile matter yeah
it's it's the numbers are striking in so
many ways and Donny Deutsch let's talk
about the president's attempt to brand
robert muller
did discredit robert muller to tarnish
his brand you know I do think and Greg
starts with the Washington Post pointed
this out and this is what I I believe
from the beginning that Donald Trump
shocked there's so many people in the
mainstream media it shocked so many
people across America in November of
2016 everybody getting angry if you even
suggested he had a chance of winning he
shocked them so much that now they think
that that he can politically he's always
playing the long game he's always got a
rabbit in his hat
he's always got the the ace of spades up
his sleeves he's always gonna win not
the case the guy has a 39 percent
approval rating in Gallup and time and
time again you look at this poll if if
this were an election between Bob Muller
and Donald Trump Muller has won in a
landslide in every single category he's
won landslide and Muller has not even
had his day in court
figuratively yet so this 60% who were
behind Muller this is where Trump is had
the only one with the megaphone and what
happens when the report comes out and we
know there's going to be a lot of things
in there good no no I just say yeah I
mean Muller hasn't said a thing
Muller's just gone to work he has it
he's hasn't leaked to the press
he hasn't held a press conference he
hasn't tried to Brandon Donald Trump in
any way whatsoever and yet 56% of
Americans say that most are all of what
Donald Trump saying about this
investigation is a lie about the same
numbers say he's trying to interfere
with the investigation about the same
number saying that this is a very
serious serious investigation this is
not a close call the majority of
Americans by 20 almost 20 percent are on
Muller side and not Trump's let me give
you another 20% of dotted line to a
Quinnipiac poll that were as far as
voters who either strongly approve or
strongly disapprove of Trump 30 percent
strongly approved 58 48 percent almost
50 percent strongly disapproved that's a
20 percent swing in pasion number in the
strongly category and I think those two
things are linked when you see Trump
react you know Trump shows who he is and
what he's worried about without any
hesitation you see the Omarosa thing I'm
sure we're gonna get into that later
and now the Muller thing he's panicked
you see it he knows what's there and
once again Muller is at hip who can say
this is an election Muller versus Trump
Muller is at 60% and he has not come to
the podium yet yeah it hasn't come up to
the plate Reverend Al when Willie when
Donny starts talking about that numbers
about intense support or intense
disapproval we all know that's what
drive elections that's especially what
drives an election in off years I mean
even in an off year special election in
Alabama it was black voters across what
do it what politicians call the black
belt of central Alabama that turned out
and helped elect a Democratic senator
for the first time in a quarter century
and I think that what we're seeing here
what surprises
some come back to your statement about
how mainstream media was shocked at his
winning so they don't want to get caught
off guard again what amazes me is that
Trump does not seem to have the capacity
to grow at all to try and appeal to a
broader base he sort of convinced
himself that if he stays around 36 37 %
that's enough rather than to grow an
even attempt to expand his base so when
you look at the black woman turnout the
you mention in Alabama rather than he
tried to address concerns of people that
are passionately against him he calls a
black woman a dog so I mean the biggest
instrument to limit him has been him he
goes in the room with foreign leaders
and looks like he doesn't belong in the
room the way he could combat a lot of
these polls is by becoming what he was
elected to be he has acted in many ways
like he certainly was a mistake that was
made clearly I believe that's the case
so so River now you bring up a great
point I yet we get three four people
really here that knew Donald Trump
pretty well for a decade before even ran
for president you me Donny and Willie I
think the biggest surprise because I
know that I always knew that Donald
Trump was a one always just interested
in you know winning whatever it took to
win that he'd do whatever it took to put
together a winning coalition and to I
knew the guy was insecure he craved
attention and he cray he wanted to be
accepted into the community he always
felt like he was never getting the
respect he deserved almost a Rodney
Dangerfield type character in Manhattan
rev Donnie and Willie I think the
biggest shock for me is that he's
decided to stick with his 33 percent
solution on this and not try to gain
that acceptance not try to build the
coalition but he's just narrowing it
down to the smallest most
core group of supporters that cannot
carry him this fall and cannot get him
reelected I think you're right I mean
all of us have come from wherever we
started and said if I ever can get a big
platform this is what I'm gonna do and
usually try to make it bigger than
ourselves if we're gonna last he's not
been able to do that and I think that
shows the real limits of this man and
maybe his insecurities were well-founded
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
