de 572 this was of the Trump
administration which is now facing the
very real possibility that the real
threat to the president maybe one
Omarosa Manigault Newman the former
Trump aide dropping another audiotape
this morning and made another round of
television appearances related to her
new book there is no reason to believe
she won't drop a new recording each day
for some time to come
in fact Annie Carney of Politico is
reporting exactly that fear from the
West Wing tonight quote people are
terrified one former Trump aide said of
the tapes absolutely terrified
today's sarap Tisha's recording du jour
appears to capture her and two other
campaign aides in October 2016
discussing a rumored audio recording of
Trump using the n-word on the set of The
Apprentice those campaign advisers have
offered a series of denials and
explanations surrounding the
circumstance of that conversation
Omarosa offered her own explanation
about why she needed to go public with
this latest recording I wanted to have
this type of documentation so that in
the event I found myself in this
position where as you said they're
questioning my credibility saying they
never discussed the n-word tape they had
never heard these accusations the
president had never heard these
accusations when in fact this tape
proves that they discussed it at high
levels of the Trump campaign as you no
doubt have already heard and seen the
president responded to her latest
revelations with this and we quote when
you give a crazed crying lowlife a break
and give her a job at the White House I
guess it just didn't work out good work
by general Kelly for quickly firing that
dog after the president called a former
White House aide a dog questions about
his choice of words and the president's
attitudes about race dominated today's
White House briefing as you might
imagine press secretary Sarah Sanders
was forced to try to explain what her
boss meant I think the president is
certainly voicing his frustration with
the fact that this person has shown a
complete lack of integrity this has
absolutely nothing to do with race
and guarantee the American people will
never hear Donald Trump butter the
n-word on a recording in any context I
can't guarantee anything but I can tell
you that the president addressed this
question directly I can tell you that
I've never heard it Kristen Welker had a
particularly strong day at today's
briefings there were other Omarosa
related bombshells today this one
involves robert muller and the ongoing
russia investigation earlier on this
network Omarosa spoke to Katy tur about
her interactions with Muller's team
let's talk about something you you
talked to Chris Matthews about last
night the Muller investigation have you
been interviewed by the Special Counsel
I have you have it and what sort of
questions were they asking yes the
extent I can go in discussing that as
well have you sat for a grand jury I'm
not gonna be able to comment about that
you did say to Chris Matthews that you
have more tapes that Robert Muller could
be interested in he might want to call
you again what sort of tapes would he be
interested in you know if he calls me I
certainly will participate with anything
that he needs I'll provide him what he
needs but that's the extent that I can
talk about there was also this Omarosa
alleged donald trump had advanced
knowledge of the hacked emails from
Hillary Clinton's campaign you were
instructed according to your book to
bring up the emails at every point you
could at the end of the 20 2016 Hillary
Clinton's emails yes that was our talker
did Donald Trump know about those emails
before they came out absolutely he knew
about them yes he knew what was coming
out before WikiLeaks released them
you're saying Donald Trump had a
back-channel
I didn't say that you did but I will say
that the corruption that went on in the
campaign and in the White House I'm
going to continue to blow the whistle on
all of that gets your attention just a
few hours ago the president's lawyer
Rudy Giuliani responded to Omarosa claim
about those Clinton emails I know she's
lying because I was on the campaign more
than she was I was closer to him than
she was I was from about June to
November I was with him 24 hours a day
it's not in the book I guarantee you she
didn't tell the special prosecutor that
on that note let's bring in our leadoff
panel on a Tuesday night former
congresswoman Donna
words a democrat from the great state of
Maryland Phillip Rucker Pulitzer Prize
winning White House bureau chief for the
Washington Post and Jonathan Lemire
White House reporter for The Associated
Press Phil I'd like to begin with you
you've written and reported that people
are rattled inside the West Wing and
elsewhere let's put it this way every
senior and for that matter junior White
House aide current and former will go to
bed tonight not knowing if they will
hear their voice on tomorrow's released
surreptitious recording that's right
Brian the only way they would go to bed
without that worry is if they know they
just never had any conversation with
Omarosa
I mean she's made clear now that she
recorded many of her conversations in
the West Wing senior officials in the
building do not know what she may or may
not have in her recordings or when she
plans to put them out it's one of the
reasons why you've seen the president so
clearly rattled if you look at his
tweets over the last few days there's
been an there was an effort a strategy
in the White House to try to basically
deprive Omarosa any attention to keep
the president from tweeting to keep from
engaging on this book tour they knew the
book was coming but they didn't want to
do anything that would breathe life into
her allegations or promote the book
sales or what-have-you but clearly the
president could not restrain himself and
he's been tweeting for several days now
in escalating his attacks on her and
Phil I want to remind you that of course
you and Ashley Parker have put out a
piece of journalism about this
relationship tonight where you say now
like in the film series Jurassic Park
where the dinosaurs turn on the
scientists who helped create them
Manigault Newman has unleashed Trump's
own tricks and tactics on him consider
what we've already been discussing here
tonight the the notion of teasing out
parts of the story continuing and
interviews to say what you have what's
going to happen and what you're gonna do
to this person
that's exactly right these are Trump
tactics and it's important to point out
that she was not only a White House
staffer and contestant on The Apprentice
but she was very much a protege
she's been sort of trained by Trump for
more than a decade in reality television
in creating drama and building sort of
personal narrative and brand in becoming
a captivating figure in the popular
culture she's known by one name Omarosa
like Madonna or Prince and you know that
too Trump is it makes her magnetic but
it also you know she knows how to play
this game she knows how to manipulate
the media she knows how to create
suspense around her book and around what
tapes are going to come out next and
it's one of the reasons why the
president doesn't know what's around the
corner
so congresswoman a lot of people have
come away from her interviews on
television for the last two days and
hear her point about if I hadn't
recorded all this stuff I'd be publicly
destroyed and people in this day and age
this Trump era I kind of say okay that
makes sense
and and further there's a conversation
going on about her credibility but
that's kind of neutered by the fact that
she has tapes well and her credibility
is being challenged by people who don't
have any credibility I mean why are we
surprised that she has tapes the
president has been reported by his own
words to record people his lawyer
recorded him why is it a surprise that
Omarosa in an effort to protect herself
wouldn't record and I think that she is
right when she says that nobody would
believe her at all if she didn't have
these receipts she promised them and
every time she delivers them and so you
know just because somebody lies or
exaggerate one time doesn't mean that
occasionally they don't tell the truth
and we certainly know that with the
president he's been recorded to have
lied you know over 7,000 times but when
he said that he fired James Comey
because of Russia we believe him and so
occasionally some of these lies actually
and Liars actually do tell the truth and
I think here with Omarosa first of all
what the president said about her is
just absolutely despicable and he has
this habit of calling women and
particularly black women these names
that are very disparaging and that are
very racist and I think it's time that
we
called the president out every single
time that he does that and the fact that
Sarah Huckabee Sanders can stand at the
podium and say that she can't guarantee
that he hasn't used the n-word well I'm
one of ninety four percent of black
women who voted for Hillary Clinton we
know he used the n-word and we don't
actually need a tape to prove it that
was a certain moment in the history of
the modern presidency today Jonathan
Lemire you write today for The
Associated Press about kind of
parachutes and parking spaces parting
payments and positions people can go
into after they've fallen out of Trump
world
Omarosa was destined for one such
position right it's certainly not
unusual there can be a blurring between
an administration and say a campaign
what is striking about the Trump White
House is first of all how frequently
these departures come they've had more
staff turnover in the first 18 or so
months than any previous administration
since records were kept on these things
moreover when they leave they all seem
to land whether the election campaign
itself or a number of outside affiliated
groups either supports his agenda the
vice president's agenda there's the
outside group that's the fan and runs
but these that's where these people end
up and it seems to be for two reasons on
one you reward a staffer who like many
in the Trump White House I've had
trouble finding that lucrative work that
West Wing aides usually find without
much trouble after leaving the
administration but secondly there's this
idea of you know keep your friends close
but your enemies closer
and there's a sense that for a number of
these people who have leaving the White
House who the president and those
closest to him are nervous about you
bring them on you pay them exorbitant
Lee and you sort of buy their silence
and that was the idea here with Omarosa
that she's gonna get $15,000 a month to
remain quiet
she obviously decided not to do that and
our reporting backs up everything
Phyllis said where this is really
unnerved a lot of people in the White
House it has struck a nerve for the
president who feels like remember Donald
Trump's the cardinal sin in his world is
disloyalty he feels like he made her
that she's a star because he put her on
his show and she became this sort of in
some ways cartoon villain that cartoon
villain has now struck back and the
White House is scrambling as to how to
respond hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
the videos were putting out you can
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
