today in response to the president's
most crazed tweet of the day the Obama
administration's former CIA director
John Brennan tweeted to the president
it's astounding how often you fail to
live up to minimum standards of decency
civility and probity seems like you will
never understand what it means to be
president nor what it takes to be a good
decent and honest person so
disheartening so dangerous for our
nation
joining us now former CIA director John
Brennan he is our senior national
security and intelligence analyst for
MSNBC and NBC News director Brennan what
the last part of your tweet it kappa
really captured my attention saying that
it's so dangerous for our our nation in
in what ways well good evening lawrence
thank you for having me on well I think
in two principal ways first I think
Donald Trump has badly sullied the
reputation of the office of the
presidency with his invective with his
constant disregard I think for human
decency as well as his befriended of
water crack leaders around the world and
his continued pursuit of relationships
to benefit himself as opposed the
country I do think that America's
standing in the world has also been
tarnished but I think even more
fundamentally what he is doing here in
the United States is very polarizing and
he is I think the most divisive
president we've ever had in the Oval
Office he is feeding and fueling hatred
and animosity and misunderstandings
among Americans and so I am very
concerned when I look at some of the
tweets that are out there and commentary
we are just fighting with each other as
a nation and this is something that the
president United States traditionally
has been the one to try to heal these
domestic wounds these domestic problems
but I think Donald Trump has failed
repeatedly to try to do that
he continues just to play to his base of
support and feeds them basically with
raw meat a lot of this
language that tends to get them riled up
that is not something that is in our
nation's security I want to draw on your
experience a prior being CIA director
when you worked in the Obama
administration as an assistant to the
president for Homeland Security by the
way at exactly the same pay grade as
Omarosa that that we what this story
reveals this week is that we have a
White House in which the president is
saying as of today that he knowingly
hired someone who he believed at the
time was unqualified brought them in
there at that top pay grade and that
this person has now proven that within
the White House she was taping she was
recording conversations including
recording her final conversation with
the White House chief of staff which
apparently took place in the Situation
Room or in a room close to the Situation
Room
well I think it's been very clear from
the beginning of this administration
that it has not done a very good job of
vetting for senior personnel assignments
number one number two the fact that
there has been acknowledged by the White
House that senior staff officers have
been asked to sign a nondisclosure
agreement
I find mind-boggling that is something
that never would have occurred to
President Obama President Bush President
Clinton or others but the fact that
Donald Trump feels this sense of
insecurity that he has to get people to
sign these agreements really I think
reflects just the lack of sophistication
the lack of competence and the lack of
of trust that people within the White
House have for one another so I do not
you know agree that you know Omarosa
should have you know taped that
conversation from John Kelly but I also
scratched my head to try to figure out
why did John Kelly have that
conversation with her in the White House
Situation Room which is a venue that
used the reserve for national security
matters to talk about classified
information if he was going to relieve
her of her duties he should have done
that in his office that is the place
where something like that would have
been done so I was just very puzzling I
want to get to a policy matter that is
unprecedented and that is going to be
with us long after the Omarosa
controversy has been left behind and
that is a President of the United States
who actually tweeted tariffs are the
greatest a sentence that has never been
spoken by a president before including
some of our historic champions of
tariffs in the distant past you respond
to that to that by saying using tariffs
as a blunt force instrument against
allies and partners is not only
short-sighted but also plays into the
hands of Russia and China same is true
with bombastic rhetoric against Iran we
need to be smarter more sophisticated
more strategic what is that the tariff
regime that Donald Trump has imposed
doing to national security
well it's alienating our closest allies
and partners whether you talk about
Canada or countries within the European
Union
using this tariff as a way to try to
level all bilateral trade with other
countries is just foolhardy
and so this is something that I think
both Moscow and Beijing can point to and
say to our former allies and partners
that the United States cannot be counted
upon that we're going to treat you more
fairly we're going to try to replace the
United States as a as a trusted partner
a trade partner and so using tariffs
across the board I think it just again
shows that mr. Trump really doesn't
understand international politics
international economics as well as how
this global world operates and
interoperates today is something that I
think he is very short-sighted about and
it may make for good noise on the
campaign trail but it is not good
geopolitics at all one of the important
enlightenment of the second half of the
20th century was that international
trade with countries dramatically
reduces the likelihood of war with those
countries if we are shipping them
coca-cola Levi's or anything else that
we're making soybeans and they're
shipping things to us the the economic
theory was that will create an important
and peaceful kind of introduce it was it
used to be thought of as part of defense
policy this seems lost on this White
House
absolutely and that's why when I
mentioned that the world it needs to be
as interoperable as possible because the
movement of goods and products and
services and people across borders is
what allows countries to to prosper and
if we're going to halt that and put
these tariffs on different goods and
services and to prevent that that flow
of people as well as of technologies and
other things it really is going to
inhibit the continued growth of our
world and so again this is something
that I think mr. Trump has really
deviated from the former you know US
policy of previous administrations which
is that the United States yes is bigger
and stronger than any other country but
we're going to use our economic power
our political and military power in
order to bring peace prosperity to the
world because if all boats rise that
helps the United States now security and
unfortunately I do think that Russia and
China are pointing now to the
untrustworthiness of the United States
as a way to make headway with a number
of countries around the world former CIA
director John Brennan thank you very
much for joining us side Thank You
Lawrence thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
