defense in the trial of president
Trump's former campaign chair Paul
Manafort decided not to present a
defense today not calling any witnesses
to the stand
man-up words lead attorney Kevin downing
spoke briefly with reporters outside the
Virginia courthouse today mr. Madoff or
just rested his case and he did so
because he and his legal team believe
that the government has not met its
burden of proof
well Paul Manafort did speak for the
first time during his trial today the
federal judge asked him if he wanted to
testify on his own behalf Manafort
simply said no sir closing arguments are
expected to start tomorrow and before
the day is done the jury could start
deliberations on the 18th bank and tax
fraud charges levied against manapouri
if found guilty he could spend the rest
of his life behind bars to discuss all
this I'm sure by Chuck Rosenberg former
US attorney and senior FBI official
you're so good on this I've been
listening to you chuck and I just give
me your sense I don't have to ask you a
lot of questions your sense of what man
if words facing right now with the
jury's looking at how this thing's going
to proceed the next couple days right so
isn't it's an intensive document case
Chris which means the jury is going to
take a lot of time matching up witnesses
with documents with evidence trying to
remember who said what they're going to
go through the indictment slowly and
they're going to take their time I
imagine deliberations will be a couple
of days do you think having watched the
case that an average person say went to
grade school with high school education
knows a little bit of math a little bit
of bookkeeping we'll be able to grasp
the implications of all this
documentation yes I mean you don't have
to know the tax code to know that if you
have X amount of income and report X
minus y sardis yeah yeah algebra here
and report X minus y on your income tax
return that that's a crime if you have a
foreign bank account and didn't report
it it's a crime if you overstate your
income when you apply for a bank loan
that's a crime so you don't have to be
an accountant to see the crime here what
is the normal attitude you've tried to
you tell me before 50 cases before
juries what's the normal jury attitude
to a tax cheat well if this has
proceeded to be as a tax - yes that's an
interesting question
jurors not all but most are w-2
employees simple form simple form when
you get paid you have some amount of
taxes withheld from your pay
all right schoolteachers bus drivers
those types of me sure you cops firemen
I've been double two years I and so I
think most people the overwhelming
majority people pay their taxes fully
and fairly and on time and so there's
inevitably some resentment for those who
they feel like chumps if they hear about
other people cheating well and this is
nature like they're been honest and the
other guy out there who's not honest is
making the money Chris there's cheating
and then there's mana for cheating I
mean we're talking millions and millions
of dollars we're talking multiple
overseas bank accounts this is big-time
cheating this is not a rounding error
yeah well this guy looks like he's
prosperous i that you see him walking
out there million times there's Paul
Manafort I've only met him a few times
during the campaign in 16 what about
Rick Gates what do they think about a
guy who's ratting a man who made money
off him stole some money for them
what do they make of that human witness
and alongside all the documents they're
not gonna like him but I don't think
that's the important question the
important question is are they going to
believe him remember
bank robbers run with bank robbers drug
dealers run with drug dealers fraudsters
run with fraudsters so they don't have
to like the guy they have to believe the
guy and the question becomes how do they
believe him why should they believe him
and the answer I think is Chris because
there are so many documents that
corroborate what Gates said he's not
just cait's his word against Matt
affords its gates plus lots and lots and
lots of paper evidence against metaphor
how about if there's a Republican on the
jury just likes Trump it doesn't want to
hurt of what is that is there a
chance of that no I don't think it
matters the judge is going to be very
careful in any trial but in particularly
a trial like this to make sure that a
jury can be fair they don't have to come
in knowing nothing about politics or
Matta Ford or you know the president
can't sneak going to a jury I don't
think you can sneak on to a memory and
in any event you're promising the judge
in open court that you're going to sit
there and be fair and be impartial and
in my experience Chris most people do
this hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
