while facing new challenges on multiple
fronts it's clear president Trump's
problems aren't going away anywhere in
fact they're adding up as we're seeing
their innumerable worries right now to
threatened to consume his whole
presidency most recently there are the
tape recordings made by former staffer
Omarosa with a promise of more tapes to
come there's the looming prospect of a
damaging report from the special counsel
not to mention the legal wrangling over
Trump's testimony and a potential
subpoena especially over the issue of
obstruction then there's the trial of
fog Paul Manafort which could conclude
in a matter of days then there's the
unpredictability surrounding Michael
Cohen what's he got to say who could
spell easily more of the president's
secrets
then there's the already cooperating
those already cooperating on the Russian
probe including Michael Flynn who's
already talking he's already told
prosecutors what they know now last but
not least as they're growing possibly
the president's own son Donald Trump jr.
could be in serious criminal jeopardy in
connects with the Trump Tower meeting
all these concerns in addition to
actually catch this being Prezi nighted
states on the side of all this stuff it
could explain why we so often see the
president lashing out on Twitter like we
did today among his many tweets he again
called for an end to the Russian prep of
course referring to fired FBI Jay
educator struck he said struck started
the illegal rig witch-hunt why is this
so-called probe ended immediately but
given all that's transpired who's left
to believe him trumpet is a new CNN poll
released today shows a majority of
Americans 56% say the president's public
statements about the Russian probe are
mostly or completely false
56% join me now is Jill wine banks
former assistant special prosecutor
during Watergate and Ken Vogel political
reporter with the New York Times
Jill I don't know if you're as old as I
am but I will ask you do you remember
that song Jackson Brown wrote the lyrics
7 William 1 might will 7 women on my
mind it's like it's like if I'm Trump
I'm worried about all these possible
witnesses including his own words that
will be used against him his son could
go to the calaboose he's got Flynn out
there talking he's got Manafort maybe
gonna talk he's got certainly Michael
Cohen talking already it just seemed
like there's so many people and
Omarosa with tapes she's got piles of
tapes she says now in her closet
somewhere ready to play for us the next
couple of weeks how does a guy like that
a defendant basically keep his mind if
he has one well I think the answer is he
doesn't have one and that he's
delusional I think he really does almost
believe what he says because his case
let the innocent he has nothing to fear
from any of these people it's it's the
only explanation because the things that
he say says are so easily disproved that
if you weren't delusional
you wouldn't say them a liar always says
something that there's some way of
proving is true or some way you could
make people believe it and now when 56%
do not believe him I'm shocked that it's
even 40 some percent that do no one
should believe him because it's right in
front of us the obstruction is in front
of us it's in plain sight the collusion
which is not collusion it is conspiracy
to defraud the United States conspiracy
to violate our election laws those are
things that are crimes being committed
in our face and when he says stop the
investigation in a tweet and by the way
speaking of tweets I consider it an
insult to dogs to have use that
reference because I'm a big dog lover
okay let me go let me go to Ken on this
it seems to me you've got a lot of
potential witnesses and an active
witnesses you got people all of whom
starting with man at Ford and Flynn
talked to him and Cohen as well and I
think I morose probably under further
outskirts all heard I'm talking for all
those months they work with them you
work for a boss I've been in politics
you hear them talk they don't hide in
the corner and talk they're talking all
the time like Popeye talked about their
time what are we gonna do with the
Russians what can we do with the rest of
my other brother and all this
conversation he must be afraid that he
said something that all them all that
each individual put a highway together
have a helmet I love witnessing to do
against him your thoughts starting with
Amoroso his inbox right now yeah I mean
he feels a great existential threat I
don't think there's any question to his
presidency but even more acutely what he
feels are sort of three areas where his
sensitivities are being inflamed number
one
is that someone is making money off and
that's what really bothers him i'ma
roses out there Hawking a book and she's
making money off him you know so really
doesn't like when people talk when
people are disloyal to him here you have
three folks meant more than that who he
thinks he made he thinks he made I'm Sam
Spencer no maybe he did who she loved
that's a good question I mean that's the
point these people are all preparing for
him to flip on them even as he expects
them to continue to be loyal to him and
so but that really bothers him when they
come out someone who he sort of built up
and feels like he made their career
comes out and says something disparaging
about him yet that with Michael Cohen
you have that with Omarosa you you have
that even to some extent with Paul
Manafort and then additionally he also
feels like you know these people are
giving Muller something that that would
allow him to sort of better make this
case and and this case being in his mind
that he somehow doesn't deserve credit
for the presidency for winning the
presidency that's really the underlying
thing here that bothers him that somehow
the Russians were involved in tipping
the election to him even though there
has been no allegation and Muller's
investigation that's what bothers him
about the whole specter of Russia
hanging over his presidency here we are
wearing this same tie anyway as Omarosa
has confirmed that she has spoken that
Robert bombers prosecutors and she
alleged that during the campaign Trump
had prior knowledge of the hacked emails
before they were released to the public
so he's like Roger stone who also
intimated he knew it was time for
Podesta's time in the barrel let's watch
that again did Donald Trump know about
those emails before they came out
absolutely he knew about them yes he
knew what was coming out before
WikiLeaks released them well she didn't
provide any evidence to back that
allegation NBC News reported in February
that mower has been intent on finding
out whether Trump knew about those
hacked emails before they were released
let me get back to Joe on this she has
been called as a witness it came out
last night in passing at the end of our
interview last night I'm a roaster
pointed out he may s see me call me
again so we have evidence already that
mom or thinks she's got something
something worth getting testimony from
and probably go back to her again right
absolutely and there's
no question that if he knew what was on
those tapes and if he knew that they
were hacked by the Russians that is the
end of the case against him that is
unbelievable evidence so I hope that she
has proof of that or that Muller has
gotten the proof of it he is getting
desperate that is Trump he's actually
taken out against his son now when he
says to the best of my knowledge he's
throwing his son under the bus so he is
really getting desperate and I think
he's really worried about all of the
very many witnesses he said he would
bring the best to the government and he
has brought people who reflect his own
values which are none and they're all
birds of a feather flocking together and
we need to really take a hard look at
what we're gonna find out hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
