from where I'm from I'm Michael Steele
former RNC chair and host of the new
podcast Man of Steel Ron Reagan author
and political commentator Asia Aisha
moody Mills Democratic strategist and
Phil Rucker White House bureau chief for
the Washington Post
I want to start with Phil in this on the
general question of this issue of the
n-word if we will it sounds well but
that's the way we say because we don't
like the word historically we have no
reason to like it
what do you make of that nondefense by
Sarah Huckabee today we didn't deny
blankly that he had never used it cuz
she may be weary like everybody
apparently at the White House was
according to tapes there was people
worried about that including some people
who don't like Omarosa said wait a
minute there's tapes of them worried
about this tape so she struggled to
defend President Trump generally about
against charges of racism but
specifically on that n-word tape it was
striking that she could not at the
podium at the White House say to the
American people that the president is
not on tape there's not a recording of
him using the n-word she of course said
she hadn't heard the n-word but under
that sharp questioning from Kristen
Welker who was great there she just
could not give that guarantee which
makes you wonder what's out there
what kind of tapes could be there Ron
Reagan we've got this guy pencil that
part of the pennant our team from Vegas
we know that act he's a bright guy of
course he said I was in the room I would
say racially insensitive things I heard
them I say in Iceland racially
insensitive lies that made me
uncomfortable that was him talking there
so their witnesses are starting to peek
out from under the covers here this
isn't something the White House is ready
to defend in a blank form and some said
oh yeah he never said it well yeah I
have to say that this is one of those
instances where Omarosa is telling us
things that we already more or less
assumed I mean is any of us actually
surprised the Donald Trump would deploy
the n-word in various contexts I'm not
but I have to admit if there's a tape
and you actually hear him saying that
that's liable to have some impact there
and I'm sure he doesn't want that to
come out well the White House briefing
today was dominated I mean it question
after question here's two questions on
others
today by questions about amorosa and
presidents Trump's response to her
allegations let's watch today it is the
number one news story today whatever you
think of it it's up there because of
what this watch this happening today is
this any way for a president to talk
about any American let alone somebody
that he hired the president is certainly
voicing his frustration why don't you
hire some of these describe these it
it's a hog isn't what why does he just
ignore it part of a pattern something
prominent African American this has
absolutely nothing to do with race you
ask the president if he's ever used the
young boy I didn't have to because he
addressed it to the American people and
guarantee the American people I can't
guarantee anything but I can tell you
that the president addressed this
question directly just to be clear you
can't guarantee if you look at the
actions that this president has taken
certainly the policies that he's enacted
you can see the heart of who he is would
like the President to stop tweeting
about Omarosa
the administration in some cases will be
forced to respond hey let's get your
thoughts in here you're the only woman I
noticed on the panel right now said take
some time hear the dog word the use of
that word in this context in this heat
right now of this argument what does it
tell you about the president's character
well let's be clear about what he was
trying to say he couldn't tweet out the
B word which is really what he wanted to
say was to call her female dogs and he
just called her a dog I'm troubled with
the fact that you know we're trying to
have a dignified conversation about the
fact that there is a vile and bigoted
person in the White House was the
President of the United States we knew
what his character was when he was
running for office
we knew what his character was right
before the presidential election when
the tapes came out where he talked about
you know his stature as a celebrity and
how he could grab blame in any kind of
way he wanted to
we knew what his character was decades
ago when he put an ad in the New York
Times to put innocent black boys in jail
for a crime that they did not commit
know who this guy is and now our Moroso
just happens to have some facts to
corroborate that well let's let me go to
this whole thing both of it first of all
the dog thing
I think it's derogatory especially
toward women I think he I think it has a
history there it's is that something I
grew up I heard it you know it was heard
it's always derogatory it has to do with
everything awful it is terrible the
president I keep going back to this when
a president speaks he's not just a head
of the executive branch he's not just
chief executive he's not just
commander-in-chief he's head of state
yeah he speaks he sits in Lincoln's
chair right and he talks for the country
and he calls a member of our society a
fellow citizen a dog because he
disagrees with what she's been saying
that's unusual I'm speaking politely
that's unusual for any president I can
remember going back I don't remember
anybody pissed but I do read his dog is
not in the licked lexicon it's a
vegetable in the public sense now what
President may have said privately that's
a whole different ball game but you're
absolutely right it is unusual in that
in the sense that this president has no
dough in it he tweeted it he has no
filter with regard to this look what
you're trying to say what's he trying to
get that he's a politician what does he
want to get done by calling someone a
dog it's his way it's it's it goes to
the first point that yes he was trying
to he wanted to use the B word but
probably think he's afraid I don't I
don't think he hasn't I don't think he's
afraid of her in the sense that he would
do this today because he created her but
I think in this sense he wanted to use
that word but couldn't so he fell back
on dusting he used her vouch for him
among African Americans and liberals for
years to show his diversity and his
sensitivity to the need for diversity
I'm against charges of racism and sexism
during the campaign she's one of the
people that he would put out on camera
to defend him and say he's not racist
he's not sexist
the irony is now these are the charges
that she's leveling against him but the
dog thing that goes back to a long
history of authoritarian leaders using
animalistic slurs to try to dehumanize
people or groups of people and it's in
keeping with the pattern
through history on the panel I just
wanted to add Sarah Huckabee Sanders
said oh well look at his record look at
what this presidents done I want to be
clear that black people didn't buy the
hype from Omarosa when he was pimping
her out before to try to come to the
community and say oh look at what he can
learn for black music and certainly he
has not had any policies that have
demonstrated a commitment to the
community so just by her own you know
conversation today we can show that the
president is not down with black people
and that is its own policy issue right
but this calling people out of their
name whether it be a woman whether it be
a personal color whether it be
immigrants is just problematic for the
President of the United States and we
gotta just focus on that well I thought
the idea of I think he's been siding
with with what he thinks is going to be
a tribal election in 2020 already I
think he's been sizing this up thinking
that thinking of faking a fight with
LeBron James who everybody respects
everybody rooted for him he was the
underdog in that race for the NBA he was
the guy that they're all alone people
cared about that guy's a human being and
to pick a fight with him I thought was
told me a lot about his politics anyway
as I said calling Omarosa a dog is part
of a long pattern of dehumanizing
comments by President Trump let's watch
you've called women you don't like fat
pigs dogs slobs and disgusting animals
your Twitter account totally Rosie
O'Donnell it was well beyond rosie oh
yes I'm sure I think the big problem
this country has is being politically
correct she starts asking me all sorts
of ridiculous questions and you know you
could see there was blood coming out of
her eyes blood coming out of her
wherever so you have beauty and then you
have Rosie the Beast you have Beauty and
the Beast
what was that is that a dog
it's Hillary
only in New Hampshire that was a first
it was the squeaky dog then it was a
very serious dog right Ronald Reagan
about this I really do think and I and I
think it's a nonpartisan assessment I
think the presidency does I just reading
this book that's coming out about LBJ
and at the moment Kennedy was killed
those around them who necessarily you
don't necessarily like to LBJ saw
something at him where he grew and he
became for all those months said when he
got the civil rights bill through in the
Voting Rights Act through he grew into
someone he wasn't before the resident
the presidency drew something out of him
that was good and proud this president
doesn't seem to be affected by his
election by the Electoral College he
doesn't seem to have said wait a minute
now I can't say dog anymore I can't
making these street corner comments I
used to make when I was a tycoon talk
about it you asked a few minutes ago
whether you know any other president any
president that we could remember would
ever say anything like this about a
fellow American citizen and the answer
of course is no not publicly but if any
if the last two years have taught us
anything it's the Donald Trump does not
appreciate or grasp the grandeur and the
dignity of the office he holds and
you're quite right that when people come
to that office if they're good people
they grow into it to the extent that
they can Trump has had the opposite
effect he's not growing into the dignity
and the grandeur of the office he is
dragging that dignity and that grandeur
through the gutter because that's who he
is
there is no larger self there that he is
going to assume now that he has taken
office this is what we get ayissha was
very good was corrected at the beginning
we should have known this all along and
many of us did what do you think you're
gonna get when you when you would stall
in the Oval Office an imbecilic
sociopath
things are not going to turn out well
grab maybe where we're headed but they
should thank you so much I just want to
remind everybody about somebody I
disagree with almost everything Ronald
Reagan's senior the president and I have
to say something about him he wouldn't
walk this is about head of state not
about policy left center right or
anything he wouldn't walk into the Oval
Office without his suit coat on it was
that serious and I like that I'm the
older I get the
I like a little formality a little class
in our president thank you Michael
Steele thank you Ron Reagan Ayesha Moody
Mills thank you for joining us a
newcomer here please come back hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
