if you are not allowed legally to
disparage the President or his family or
anything that they have to do with any
company that they have or asset that
they have why can we believe anything
you say
well I'm here to serve as a spokesman
for for the president for the vice
president and for their campaigns and so
I've spent a long time doing that I make
my counsel to my candidates and office
holders in private and then when they
make a decision is my job to go out
there and just talk about that decision
to the people that we represent if if I
have ever found myself in a position
where I couldn't do that
with keeping with my own integrity then
I wouldn't work for that candidate any
longer and that's just not something
I've ever come across
well even if you wouldn't work for them
any longer say something happened while
you were there that horrified you or
appalled you or you felt was illegal etc
etc and you left and you've signed an
NDA you can't talk about it
so again why should we trust anything
you say when you're legally bound to say
good things about the person you're
coming on to talk about well it's my
understanding and I'm not a lawyer so I
was oh I feel free to correct me by by
the scholars in that area but it's my
understanding that if there was
something that rose to a criminal level
that I could that I could communicate
that with the proper authorities those
are not covered under under a
nondisclosure agreement or if you are
summoned to appear there's a difference
between talking to investigators talking
to in those kinds of settings rather
than going out and getting seven figures
or more for a tell-all book where the
where the allegations change by the hour
and that's what we're looking at right
here hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
