yet more disgusting and frankly
unacceptable indecent language from the
President of the United States
apparently unable to act within the
decorum of the office or even just basic
decency he's now under criticism from a
former aide the president tweeted this
morning once again the eighth time about
Omarosa this time calling her a dog and
what it's getting so deeply under the
president skin that he has to resort to
this that's what we want to know
ironically the allegation by Omarosa is
that a recording exists of him using the
n-word well she made her own recordings
during her time on the campaign and in
the White House something we asked her
about when we spoke to her yesterday on
this very show do you have more
recordings oh absolutely
are you planning on releasing them I
don't know I'm gonna watch to see
they've been threatening legal action
they're trying to figure out oh how to
stop me all right less than 24 hours
just this morning she released another
recording to CBS apparently capturing a
phone call she had with then campaign
spokesperson Katrina Pierson and senior
advisor Lynn Patton discussing a
potential n-word tape something the
president has denied and how they could
spin it if it came out NBC News has not
been given access to this tape we do not
know what came before or after but last
night on Fox News Katrina Pierson said
that conversation never took place
no and that did not happen it sounds
like she's writing a script for a movie
you know I've already been out there
talking about this that is absolutely
not true
I
no sources with that tape well she's not
just writing a script for a movie it
appears she's already filmed that you're
in it Katrina record this is interesting
this is now a pattern of three or four
days now where someone has said didn't
exist no conversation happened not true
not true and Omarosa
has the tapes and this newest recording
is adding credence to the communication
strategy that Omarosa detailed to the
two of us yesterday where she said that
white the White House staff on a daily
basis preps the President to lie to the
American people so was he being prepped
to lie he was being prepped by hope
Hicks in the comms team so if the comms
team prepped the president to lie to
Lester hole they prepped him to lie
every day his comment about mama Rosa is
just the latest in the president's
attacks on women and minorities days
after NBA superstar LeBron James opened
a school for at-risk youth paid for with
his own money
Trump implied that LeBron was dumb
adding that CNN anchor Don Lemon was the
dumbest man on television Trump has
repeatedly called congressman Maxine
Waters
a low IQ person and after megyn kelly
challenged him at a primary debate he
said she had blood coming out of her
whatever
another NBC colleague mika brzezinski
he's called neurotic and made remarks
about her appearance he called Puerto
Ricans who are still recovering from
Hurricane Maria nearly a year later
ingrates
he gave a former Miss Universe the
nickname Miss Piggy
he called NFL players protesting police
violence son son of a bitch and he's
called Rosie O'Donnell a fat ugly slob
Miss Piggy Mirror Mirror mr. president
as chief of staff John Kelly lamented to
the press corps how women used to be
scared
maybe he should take it up excuse me
women used to be sacred maybe he should
take that up with his own boss the
president has called women women vulgar
terms called breastfeeding mothers
disgusting said he can treat him like
blank and of course you know he is free
to grab him by the genitals I remember
when Ivanka Trump was asked about that
tape she said she had never heard her
father speak like that but after hearing
the tape she found it very
jarring well first daughter Ivanka Trump
senior advisor to the president advocate
for the advancement of women and girls
what do you say about the long list of
other things still jarring it's not just
this I mean the president has issued a
travel ban initially aimed at Muslims
based largely on their faith then we
can't forget that he launched his
campaign by calling Mexicans rapists so
for those people who are still
struggling with this idea and in
fairness we had to ask amuro's about
when she came around the idea that the
president might be a bigot because she's
one of very few people who can't look at
the seven ants and come to the
conclusion that the president is bigoted
we're not defending Omarosa or her
credibility she's someone who who during
the campaign was part of a documentary
where she said the naysayers will be
bowing at the altar of President Trump I
mean it's just stunning to watch all of
this happen joining us now is pulitzer
prize-winning journalist and washington
post opinion writer Jonathan Capehart
Jonathan good to see you my friend let's
start with Omarosa the White House and
the president's allies are calling her
character and credibility into question
a lot of people are by the way and have
been for a while she spent years
building herself as a reality TV villain
villain but she's got tapes on anyone
yeah Michael Cohen you could say Michael
come like if he's got a complete
sleazeball he's got tapes and now sort
of she you know what's interesting here
you know that poem about the snake that
President Trump used to try it out on
the campaign trail and now that he's
president he's he has said it as as
recently as the CPAC conference this
past April the story of this of the
woman who was gone are on her way to
work and found a frozen snake and
brought it into her home and was shocked
when it came back to life and bitter in
the chest and it's venomous and she was
going to die president Trump has
surrounded himself by snakes his entire
career outside the White House we hit we
see it with Michael Cohen
inside the White House we're now seeing
it with Omarosa
and I'm not saying released I am NOT
doing a dog snake comparison here what
I'm trying to say is
this stuff comes from the top the
president said he hires the best the
best people but what we're seeing is
they're not the best people these are
folks who clearly have no reverence for
the office of the presidency clearly no
reverence for him or respect for him in
fact they don't trust him Omarosa is
showing us she never trusted him keep
something in mind I don't know if you
noticed this the first couple of tapes
were from the day she the day Omarosa
was fired inside the Situation Room
which was unbelievably spectacular that
she was able to tape the chief of staff
to the president inside a secure room
the next tape is the is her conversation
with the President of the United States
informing him that she had been fired
just those two access points are jarring
but they came the day that she was fired
this new this new tape this new
recording with Katrina Pierson and
m-miss been Ms Patton and amarosa
comes really during the campaign think
of these as two bookends you know the
campaign the end of her time at the
White House if she says she has hundreds
of tapes that means there are lots of
conversations that we're gonna hear
about during her time in the White House
when she was assistant to the president
mr. president if you are now degrading
your former as your former assistant you
don't you really shouldn't you should
blame if you're gonna blame her you need
to blame yourself clearly as much as
you're blaming I want you to stay on
that who so who the president is
surrounded by and the damage control
mode they're in today you already saw
Kellyanne Conway trying to weave her way
through whether or not the president
used one specific word ie the N word and
they want a single Omarosa out saying
she's the villain she's the bad apple
she's the bad guy how are they going to
do that when you pull up the laundry
list of Forrest Epstein Sebastian Gorka
Rob Porter Shulkin price Pruitt Sean
Spicer Sarah Sanders who are known liars
at that podium every
single day and let's not forget you got
Steve Bannon and Steven Miller in the
white house so how can the white house
possibly get out from under this and
move on focusing on as Brian Williams
always talks about the president
advancing his legislative agenda how
they possibly gonna get to that when you
look at who all these people are look
they'll be able to get a get beyond this
if we in the press and particularly our
colleagues there in the briefing room if
we allow them to get beyond this there
there are no innocence here there are no
people of high moral standing and moral
character involved in this conversation
so so we have to start from that point
Sara Huckabee Sanders is going to go to
that podium and do what press
secretaries have done since the the
position was was formed and that is to
defend the president and defend the
presidency she is going to stand up
there and say whatever she needs to say
to protect him and probably read word
for word what he's probably dictated to
her to say that it is clear from from
the montage of things the two of you
alia that Stephanie we're talking about
what the president has said throughout
his his career and time on the campaign
trail and as president no one is
surprised by by any of this I spent the
opening six minutes of am joy on
Saturday just walking through ten only
ten of the things that President Trump
has said to this in the year since
Charlottesville's
through this point you were doing it
we've all been talking about the stuff
we were talking some of these things
that we're showing on the screen right
now were before the election this
president has been free of the
consequences that would destroy any
other candidate right it is hard to make
sense of this binders raymond was so
damaging to Mitt Romney you've got fat
ugly pigs here unbelievable right now
when you'd love to go back to the days
of Mitt Romney and binders of women and
that being the most egregious thing ever
said president Trump hasn't blown that
completely out of the water here's how
you hold him accountable people have to
go and
vote in November and I say that not as a
partisan remark but Republicans control
the White House they control the house
they control the Senate Congress is
supposed to be the legislative Co the
legislative block on the executive they
are a co-equal branch of government but
instead they've been acting as if they
are a staffing wing of the White House
young if you change the parties on
Capitol Hill there will be some form of
accountability the M everyone is always
asking me who's going to save us from
this presidency from this president from
these people and I always have to turn
back to them and say you are yep that's
the power we're given hey MSNBC fans
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
