it is time now for the vel Chien rule
tax cut tracker today we are looking at
how the tax brought brakes fit into the
overall economy right now the
Congressional Budget Office forecasts an
economic slowdown thanks in part to
president Trump's trade war the
Congressional Budget Office with this
groovy 70s logo is a nonpartisan federal
agency nonpartisan
it provides independent analysis of
economic issues to support members of
Congress in evaluating the cost and
economic impact of legislation the CBO
projects that the US economy will expand
by 3.1 percent this year that is down
down from a previous forecast of 3.3%
2018 s growth is largely attributed to
companies being flush with cash thanks
to the recent tax cuts combined with a
surge in trading ahead of the new
tariffs so sort of fake spending this
situation is not sustainable which is
why when you look to 2019 the CBO holds
its previous projection the economy
slowing well it's growing by 2.4 percent
the rate of growth is slowing and in
2020 the projection slips to just 1.7
percent and that is not all just keep in
mind the president keeps on saying four
or five six percent these are the
numbers we're actually talking about the
CBO has fresh projections now for the US
budget deficit topping a trillion
dollars by fiscal year 2020 that is up
by the way from 804 billion in 2018 and
981 billion dollars in 2019 the spiking
deficit courtesy of a trillion dollars
in tax cuts and roughly 300 billion
dollars in new spending increases and
despite numerous promises from this
administration those tax cuts are not
saving most American families money
either they are helping the rich get
richer now let me just show this to you
because this is fact families earning
twenty four thousand five thousand
dollars or less will save on average
sixty dollars on their federal tax
returns this year those making between
four
thousand six hundred and eighty six
thousand one hundred dollars will save
on average nine hundred and thirty
dollars a year families in the top 1% of
earners will save an average of 51
thousand dollars we just run this by you
sixty dollars nine hundred and thirty
dollars fifty one thousand dollars not
all bad news are some good news from the
CBO wage growth is finally projected to
climb above three percent at the current
rate of 2.7 percent any real gain in
wages is being wiped out by a strong
inflation rate of 2.9 percent so at the
moment the average wage earner is in
negative all right joining us now is
heather long she is the washington post
economics correspondent heather good to
see you thank you for joining us there
are lots of reasons why all those facts
that i just stated may be true and lots
of discussions about who you can hold
responsible for it
but we can't even really get the White
House to accept that those are actually
the facts that's true I saw your
interview with Kevin Hassett and the top
economist at the White House yesterday
he said the same things to me he kept
saying that wage growth will pick up to
four percent yes right now it's 2.7 very
disappointing for this stage of the
recovery as you noted that's being
totally wiped out by inflation which is
2.9 percent right now and they continue
to say at the White House and President
Trump says this that growth will be 3%
for a decade so for the next 10 years
the Congressional Budget Office and
pretty much every other independent
forecaster from Wall Street or in
academia or other government agencies
they are all saying 3% about their this
year but that's just a sugar high at
faith's and 2019 and certainly beyond
violent we want it to be the case
I want what Kevin Hassett says about
wages to be true I want three percent
plus growth like we're all on the same
side of this we want it to absolutely
but one of the issues with the tax cuts
the tax cuts actually cut the taxes for
corporation and they hope then it
trickles down we know that the tax cuts
have not yet paid for themselves and
Stephen Newton is already talking about
tax cut 2.0
if growth slows what how can the
administration argue that these tax cuts
are justified
well the key thing to watch here is
capital spending so their whole argument
hinges on businesses going out spending
more on factories on equipment on new
processes new intellectual property and
that's supposed to translate into faster
growth and into better making workers
more productive and then the companies
should want to pay them more if the
workers are making more objects every
hour they should be more valuable to the
company it's it's a long shot it could
potentially happen but again almost
every forecaster is saying we'll
probably see faster business spending
this year but they just don't expect it
to last particularly with this trade
more escalating right are the other
effects of the tax cut we could have we
could have in and did predict what
happened the buyback of shares and
things like that the trade war imposes
new problems on the economy but let's
just say that with unemployment at the
low levels that it's at and with job
growth at the relatively strong levels
it's at that workers could see that's
this wage growth what's the worry about
wage growth versus inflation because
I've had people tell me you shouldn't
conflate the two well regular people
have to conflate the two because if you
spend money and things are more
expensive than that does wipe out the
advantage you have of wage growth
exactly I think what's particularly
alarming about the current inflation
situation everyone's talking about
energy Larry Kudlow another top economic
adviser tried to say well gas prices are
up so that's what's really driving
inflation but if you looking into the
inflation numbers the key numbers
actually shelter rent is going up and
for working-class Americans that's the
biggest part of their paycheck is going
to rent every month so when we see that
hit for almost 4% of inflation
year-over-year that's a hard number for
a lot of families to balance in their
budget and make work they're going to
need to see much bigger wage increases
to help cover that hey MSNBC fans thanks
for checking out our you
Tube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here
to watch the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more MSNBC for
free every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
