I was in solitary confinement when my
captors offered to release me
our code said we could only go home in
the order of our capture and there were
men who had been shot down long before
me I thought about it though I wasn't in
great shape and I missed everything
about America but I turned it down I
fell in love with my country when I was
a prisoner in someone else's I loved it
not just for the many comforts of life
here I loved it for its decency for its
faith and the wisdom justice and
goodness of its people I loved it
because it was not just a place but an
idea a cause worth fighting for I was
never the same again I wasn't my own man
anymore
I was my country's that was Senator John
McCain back in 2008 when he was
accepting the Republican nomination for
president yesterday president Trump
signed into a law there was a military
funding bill that was named in honor of
John McCain but it was too much for the
president he couldn't mention the
senator a single time in fact hours
later Donald Trump mocked the ailing
senator for his vote on health care and
you know Willie it may have only been a
couple of elections ago but the
Republican Party I mean it might as well
have been a century ago when you look at
that sort of man who not only talked
about putting country first but did put
his entire life on the line for his
country and I mean duty honor country
deciding to stay in Hanoi being
imprisoned when he was beaten so bad he
couldn't even lift his arms over his
shoulders and you have Donald Trump of
course
as we all know someone who got five
deferments four of them for bone spurs
and are for bone spurs and you know
graduated from college the day that
forty Americans were killed in Vietnam
they they're there and there's just it's
unspeakable that yesterday he the guy
the guy couldn't even mention John
McCain's name the only thing I can can
figure out is that McCain's name is just
a reminder of what he is not every day
of his life well we shouldn't be
surprised in the way that Donald Trump
talks or doesn't talk about John McCain
but it doesn't make it any less less
disappointing to see the president
united states going out of his way
bending over backwards not to mention
the name of a bill that carries John
McCain's name for a very specific reason
and you'd like to think even if you have
disagreements with John McCain or you
resent the fact that he didn't vote to
repeal the Affordable Care Act that
you'd have the class for an American
icon an American Hero in his dying days
quite frankly to at least pay tribute in
this moment but the president couldn't
do that either good morning it is
Tuesday August 14th with us we have
contributor to Time magazine MSNBC
political analyst and former aide to the
George W Bush White House the State
Department Solis Jordan political writer
for The New York Times and MSNBC
political analyst nicholas compos ori
NBC News national political reporter
Heidi Prez billa and MSNBC political
analysts and the former chairman of the
Republican National Committee michael
steele joe should we get right into it
here
well i'd love to talk to michael really
quickly as former chairman of the
republican party Michael
and it's mind-blowing to see John McCain
in 2008 and here all those people
cheering John McCain in 2008 and then
eight years later you have a president
who actually attacks him uses him as a
punch line and a Republican Party that
blindly goes along with with such a man
who lacks character does such a degree
that he mocks an American Hero yeah that
that for me Joe is the probably the most
disappointing part of all of this we
figured out they did what didn't take a
rocket scientist to do it for us that
John that John McCain is someone that
Donald Trump does not value he does not
value his service he does not value his
leadership in the Senate he doesn't
value the things that Don John McCain
whether you disagree with him or agree
with him over policy represents about
what what we expect of our leaders the
most disappointing part for me though
is everybody else in the GOP that allows
this to fester and to continue who don't
speak out and say while we may have this
disagreement with McCain over policy or
philosophy we revalue here we value his
service because he represents the best
of us at times when we need to be our
best and I think that that's something
it's it's just disappointing as a former
head of the party as you noted to go
back eight years and see where the party
was then rallying around this man
nominating him to be our standard bearer
and today virtual silence as the
president the current president
continues to mock him it's illness not
not withstanding even if John McCain was
not as ill as he is the fact that this
president does not value his service to
me is just despicable Willie it is
despicable and complete silence silence
in the face of mocking and and just
loathing this great American hero a
silence in the face of one racist attack
after another coming from the white
house and silence in the face of a
complete capitulation to an ex-kgb spy
this Republican Party these Republican
leaders will have much to answer for
when Donald Trump leaves it in the
national stage and he will yeah it's
common as moments like yesterday from
the president become sadly as common as
well has been the silence from some of
those Republicans let's thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
