but when the history of of this time in
US history
when the history of this this moment in
American citizenship is written I think
here's what today's entry is going to be
about on the big Dateline of 2018 just
over two years ago an urgent
counterintelligence investigation was
begun that related to the presidential
election that year then CIA director
John Brennan has testified that foreign
intelligence services had informed the
CIA about contacts and communications
indicating some kind of Russian
involvement in the u.s. presidential
election and the possibility that people
associated with the Trump campaign were
being informed about those efforts or
they were otherwise in contact with the
Russian operation now the CIA of course
doesn't operate on US soil
counterintelligence efforts involving
other countries mounting operations here
that's part of the FBI's
counterintelligence bailiwick so the CIA
and the FBI coordinated their efforts to
start looking into whatever was going on
in the summer of 2016 and it was again
just over two years ago now that the FBI
itself received information that an
advisor to the Trump campaign had
bragged to a foreign diplomat that the
Russian government had hacked Democratic
Party emails and that most to that
foreign diplomat happened long before
there was actually any public
information circulating about the
Russian government hacking Democratic
emails so the FBI realized there was
something to go with there the CIA had
been advised by Allied intelligence
services that there was something else
to go on that seemed related so it's
just over two years ago this
counterintelligence investigation begins
are the Russians actually running an
intelligence operation to try to
influence the choice of the next
American president if so is that
candidate in on it and that
investigation started just over two
years ago since then of course the
candidate in question has been elected
president and under him since he has
been president the director of the FBI
leading the investigation has been fired
turned into a political punching bag and
removed from office his top deputy the
number-two official at the FBI running
the day-to-day operations of the FBI and
the investigation he too has been fired
turned into a political punching bag and
removed from office now the head of the
counterintelligence division at the FBI
the lead agent on that investigation now
today he has also been fired turned into
a political punching bag and removed
from office the president has also
threatened all three of them with being
prosecuted themselves director deputy
director head of the counterintelligence
division all gone all blown up
career-wise right all being threatened
with being prosecuted themselves and the
Russia investigation continues to
unspool right we thought the National
Security Advisor plead guilty and become
a cooperating witness we've had the
president's deputy campaign chair plead
guilty and become a cooperating witness
we've had a that Trump foreign policy
advisor who piqued the interest of the
FBI with his inside info about the
Russian hacking operations right we
thought we've had him plead guilty to
and become a cooperating witness we'll
actually have a little more on him
coming up tonight there's been some
movement in his case we've got another
Trump foreign policy advisor formally
named as an agent of the Russian
government in multiple foreign
intelligence surveillance wiretap
applications we've got the ongoing
felony trial against the president's
campaign chair
we've got pending felony criminal
indictments against multiple alleged
Russian agents and Russian military
intelligence officers we've got pitched
legal battles now over the potential
legal liability for other people
associated with the President and for
potentially testimony about them people
like Roger stone and Michael Cohen the
president's longtime attorney but one by
one even as all of that fruit has been
born from this organization from this
investigation one by one the law
enforcement and counterintelligence
leadership actually in charge of the
investigation that has led to all of
this thus far one by one they have been
peeling them off and destroying them in
their careers
the director james comey the deputy
director Andy McCabe with Peter strux
firing today that adds the head of the
FBI's counterintelligence division to
the list and I think there's a couple
different important consequences of that
and the first one is frankly about the
president's personal legal liability in
this scandal last June after he was
fired FBI director James Comey testified
to Congress that President Trump had
improperly pressured him about the FBI's
open investigation into Trump national
security adviser Mike Flynn know at the
time Comey said he recognized the
President's request to him concerning
Flynn to be both improper and highly
unusual and so according to his FBI
training he knew what to do next he
immediately wrote down what had happened
in that conversation with the president
he wrote it up in memo form wrote it
right after that conversation he then
shared the contents of the memo with
senior FBI officials so essentially they
could corroborate what he had said at
the time about the interaction that he
had just had who did you talk with about
that lifting the cloud stopping the
investigation back at the FBI and what
was their response
well the FBI during one of the two
conversations I'm not remembering
exactly I think the first my chief of
staff was actually sitting in front of
me and heard my end of the conversation
because the president's call was a
surprise and I discussed the lifting the
cloud in the request with the senior
leadership team who in typically and I
think in all these circumstances was the
deputy director my chief of staff the
general counsel the deputy directors
chief counsel and I think in a number of
circumstances the number three and the
FBI and a few of the conversations
included the head of the national
security branch so that group of us that
lead the FBI when it comes to national
security
who else could back me up on what
happened there right and he gives this
big list the deputy director the chief
of staff general counsel deputy
directors chief counsel head of the
national security branch yeah
he is number three official that would
be the associate deputy director of the
FBI right if you if you don't speak the
language of job titles in the FBI it
just seems like a lot of similar
sounding adjectives right it seems like
kind of a long and hard to remember list
but those are very specific people and
Comey knows who he told and he was very
clear about this when questioned about
it repeatedly he was very clear here's
who I told here's who my corroborating
witnesses are for those senior leaders
at the FBI that you shared these
conversations with as I said in response
to senator Feinstein's question deputy
director my chief of staff general
counsel deputy directors chief counsel
and then more often than not the number
three person at the FBI who is the
associate deputy director and then quite
often head of the national security
branch so to us again it just seems like
a list of a lot of job titles that don't
sound all that distinct but when you
compare what he said about it's
consistent this is who he told he knows
exactly who it was right commis telling
the president tried to interfere with
the FBI investigation of National
Security Advisor Mike Flynn the
president denies he did any such thing
but Comey has backup right Co me with
his FBI training committed the
president's exact words he says to
writing right after that conversation
happened and then he told all these
people crucially at the time so they can
corroborate what Comey said at the time
about what happened right and these are
not just job titles there are specific
people who had these jobs at the time in
question right Comey and the
corroborating witnesses for Comey in his
account of what the President did well
it's taken them a little while to get
all the way through this list but the
only ones still there is David Bowdich
the one at the bottom there he had been
the number three official at the FBI had
been the associate deputy director now
he has moved up to be number two not
number three at the FBI David Bowdich is
apparently the one who personally
directed today that counterintelligence
chief Peter struck be fired even though
the FBI's office of personnel management
and aside
that struck should be kept on Bowditch
the FBI deputy director now he's the
only one left of all of the
corroborating witnesses for James commis
testimony James Comey is testimony that
the president leaned on him to shut down
an open FBI investigation into the
National Security Adviser and with all
of them almost all of them all picked
off now right who's gonna back up James
Comey
if the president leaning on the FBI
director about that investigation is
itself a matter of personal criminal
liability for the president when it
comes to obstruction of justice well
who's gonna back Comey up now I mean
once you work your way through all the
witnesses who might testify otherwise
well then of course you're free to tell
any story you want about what happened
between the president and the FBI
director I mean if all of the
corroborating witnesses have been picked
up and blown up who's left to say what
happened there at all who's left to say
otherwise now Flynn the president says
he never told call me that he should go
easy on Flint I just want to be clear
exactly what happened in that
conversation with Comey about michael
Flynn
what exactly did President Trump say
they did there was no conversation about
Michael Flynn so you're saying that
president Truong and James Comey never
discussed Michael Flynn that is what he
will testify to if he's asked that
question that's what he will testify to
sure I mean who's gonna contradict him
it has taken them a while to whittle
down the list of corroborating witnesses
to almost nothing but they're getting
there
and so as one of the last Comey
corroborating witnesses is getting
publicly destroyed today the president
this weekend changed his public stance
once again to start saying yeah that
Comey conversation never happened I
never docked him about Flynn who's to
say otherwise who's left when they fired
former FBI counterintelligence chief
Peter struck today supposedly over his
private text messages in which he
expressed lots of negative political
opinions about President Trump and lots
of other politicians too they did so
even though the Inspector General report
on the matter found no evidence that
struck ever took any action at the FBI
to influence Donald Trump's electoral
process
or anyone else's electoral prospects
either even though he was better placed
to do that than almost anyone else in
the country in the summer of 2016 I was
one of a handful of people who knew the
details of Russian intellect Russian
election interference and its possible
connections with members of the Trump
campaign this information had the
potential to derail and quite possibly
defeat mr. Trump but the thought of
expressing that or exposing that
information never crossed my mind in
firing Peter struck today they have
claimed their latest senior FBI scalp
the latest senior person associated with
the origins of the Russia investigation
firing Peter struck may have
consequences for any potential
obstruction of justice case against the
president if he was able to corroborate
commis testimony about potential
obstruction of justice involving the
president trying to lean on the FBI over
their open investigation of Mike Flynn
while picking off those corroborating
witnesses may have legal consequences at
a personal matter they also destroyed
the career of the man who was literally
the senior person in the US government
in charge of investigating foreign
governments mounting intelligence
operations against the United States on
US soil when it came to this Russian
intelligence operation to mess with us
in our own country Peter struck was
there from the beginning he's one of the
only people on earth who's ever been in
a position to give testimony like this
and now he's literally having to set up
a GoFundMe page to help with his own
defense during your June 2016 excuse-me
June 2018 interview I noticed some
concern in your voice when recalling the
2016 campaign season pacifically October
2016 and pacifically as it relates to
the state of the Trump Russia
investigation why were you so concerned
about what was happening at that time
well I I think trying to keep this at a
level not talking about open our open
investigations only yes made the
predicating information the information
we had which was alleging a Russian
offer of assistance to member
Trump campaign was of extraordinary
significance it was credible it was from
a extraordinarily sensitive and credible
source and as we looked at what that
represented the the key time was
obviously coming into the election and
so for us there was absolutely a need to
one this was a serious allegation to of
extraordinary gravity and three given
the fact that the election was upon us
in that if in fact then candidate Trump
were elected that whether he are
certainly more likely or possibly
members of his campaign were actively
working with the Russians we needed to
get to the bottom of that it could be
that none of them were it could be that
summer it could be a far worse scale but
the urgency for us to understand what
was going on in advance of the election
and certainly in advance of any
inauguration I can't overstate the
importance of that at the time of those
happenings that he was describing right
there Peter struck was the number one
official at the FBI in charge of
counterintelligence today he was fired
joining us now is congressman Jim Himes
he's a Democrat from Connecticut he's a
member of the House Intelligence
Committee congressman thanks very much
for being with us really questioning
Rachel good evening um Peter struck has
been a political punching bag for a year
now for a long time what do you make of
his firing today was this an
inevitability once he became a political
punching bag
his lawyer today is suggesting that the
reason he was removed was not because of
FBI procedure but because of politics
yeah no question about it Rachel I mean
look at the fact pattern here the
internal disciplinary unit at the FBI
recommended that Peter Strock be demoted
and suspended for 60 days that was set
aside to fire the man remember back to
the firing of Andrew McCabe who the
night before he was to qualify for his
first pension is fired remember that the
president admitted that he fired Jim
Comey because of the Russia pressure as
he put it it is very clear that this
president is engineering a fear campaign
within the FBI saying anybody who is
gonna stand up against me anybody who
might testify against me their career
will suffer and it's a little hard to
know
exactly what's happening right I don't
know if this is director ray who is
coordinating this or or the Attorney
General and and it's even possible to
imagine that they're trying to appease
the president in order to keep them from
firing Bob Muller or in order to keep
them from firing the Deputy Attorney
General rod rod Rosenstein but whatever
is happening it is pretty clear that
this is a performance that has an
audience of one and that one individual
sits in the Oval Office now that we have
seen the firing of director Comey the
firing of deputy director Andrew McCabe
firing of the chief of the Intelligence
Division
mr. struck I mean three usually makes a
pattern in the news in terms of
oversight of the Justice Department and
the FBI and the question of whether or
not this pattern of dismissals and
pattern of sort of persecuting these FBI
officials publicly in addition to taking
these disciplinary actions toward them
is that the sort of thing that you'd
expect Congress to be looking into well
you would expect it but of course the
Congress the place that I work is
actually in league with the president in
trying to damage the credibility of the
Department of Justice and trying to
damage the president credibility of
Deputy Attorney General
Rosen's time the FBI you know we've now
spent a year as Democrats in the
minority trying to stand up for these
institutions that people like Marc
meadows and Jim Jordan and remember
those two guys wanted to impeach the
Deputy Attorney General because he
refuses to provide information on and on
an ongoing investigation this is all
part of a campaign pointed at doing two
things number one and most importantly
trying to pre but the Muller
investigation conclusions you know and I
must say if you look at the polling
they've sort of succeeded whatever
Muller comes out with the president will
follow that up with a tweet saying I
told you so it's the 19 or whatever the
number is now Democrats and angry Bob
Muller in order to in order to damage
the credibility of this investigation
and of course to instill fear in the
ranks of the FBI that's the only way you
can explain the override of the
recommended punishment for Peter Strock
the only way you can explain mccabe
being fired literally the evening that
he was about to get his full pension
that is a it is a campaign of de
legitimizing the organization
of trying to send a signal to senior
people that you better get on board with
this president what's the cure to if
what's the cure to that if that is
what's happening here if it's an effort
to as you say pre but the findings of
the Moller investigation ultimately to D
legitimize the FBI to D legitimate the
rule of law and the justice process
particularly when it comes to this issue
of counterintelligence and criminal
liability what's that what's the what's
the cure for that for us as a country
you know in any in any normal world the
Cure would actually be as you sort of
implied the Cure would be the Congress
the Cure would be Republicans in the
Congress standing up and saying hey I
get that this president is of my party
but I also know that the FBI and the
Department of Justice and the CIA and
you name it is comprised of people who
are enormous ly talented an enormous ly
patriotic and I'm gonna stand up and say
no mr. president you are not going to
use in order to sort of defend your
fantasies and your witch-hunt beliefs
you are not going to damage these
institutions which are so important to
the safety and national security of this
country that of course is is is not
going to happen and so sadly I think the
answer is that it's going to take us a
long time it's you know we're maybe we
start next year if the Democrats take
control of the House of Representatives
we will have the power of subpoena we
will be able to look into these kinds of
things but it's going to take some time
to reestablish the credibility of these
institutions that was very deliberately
damaged by a president who and let's
just be blunt about it who is you know
here we're having this long conversation
about did Comey tell the truth the
president is a serial liar and I know
that sounds partisan and political but
look you need to look at just half his
tweets to know that that is true or half
the statements he makes he does not care
for the truth and he has you know thrown
mud on an awful lot of people who may
have had you know poor judgment look
Strock did some things that the deserve
punishment Jim Comey I completely
disagree with his decision to talk about
the clinton investigation during the
presidential election but not one of
those individuals has ever been accused
of being dishonest congressman jim Himes
on the Intelligence Committee in the
house so thank you for your time tonight
appreciate you being here Thank You
Rachel all right we got a lot more to
get to busy Monday night stay with us
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
