day 571 of the Trump administration and
while our lead story here tonight does
have to do with two people who gained
fame in the reality television business
Donald Trump and Omarosa Manigault
Newman it would be a grave mistake to
dismiss what we are witnessing right now
as some sort of tabloid dust-up between
the former host of The Apprentice and a
former contestant because that host went
on to become president that contestant
became a White House aide in his
administration her departure was sudden
and ugly and now she has a book out and
it turns out she has recordings from the
inner sanctum of the Trump White House
first starters a recording she made
inside the fortified Situation Room in
the White House of her own firing by
chief of staff John Kelly I think it's
important to understand and if we make
this a friendly departure we can all be
you know you can look at look at your
time here in the White House is a year
of service to the nation and then you
can go on without any type of difficulty
in the future relativity of reputation
and then there's this the recording she
released today of the phone call she
says she says she had with the president
after her firing general Kelly general
Kelly came to me and said that you guys
wanted me to leave those recordings
along with others she says she has of
Jarrett and Ivanka and Eric and Laura
Trump have brought a ton of criticism
and backlash from the White House as you
can imagine and this comment from the
president when General Kelly came on
board he told me she was a loser and
nothing but problems
I told him to try working it out if
possible because she only said great
things about me until she got fired just
a few hours
years ago Omarosa explained to our
colleague Chris Matthews why she taped
conversations I'm so glad that I did it
because no one it no one would believe
me if I didn't have that recording over
the last 24 hours she has revealed much
more about the white house this is what
she shared on this network earlier today
about Trump the president talked often
as you'll see and unhinged about how
important it was to tape your enemies
and to make sure that you had
information on your enemies
theoretically though you think he's
actually taped people inside the right
and call me we have to take him at his
own words he said to Comey you know you
better watch out because you know he's
insinuating that there might be tapings
she also said this about the interview
President Trump gave to NBC News last
year in which he discussed the firing of
FBI director James Comey he was being
prepped by hope Hicks and the comms team
to say that the deal GA he had come up
with this memo so that they could
justify the firing of Comey so I - I
when you're on it that was that was
definitely hope Hakes press secretary
kind of thing so if the comms team
prepped the president to lie to
leicester whole they prepped him to lie
every day but did you ever ask the
question why are we lying all the time
the answer was this is how they do it
this is the Trump administration at its
best
this was her assessment of the
president's ability to do his job the
book is called unhinged and who does
that refer to
Oh Donald J Trump absolutely do you
think he's mentally competent to do this
job no I don't think he's fit and as we
heard on the recording that you just
played he doesn't even know what's
happening in his White House it was part
of the media tour today the most
explosive allegation involves Omarosa
claim that she heard a tape recording of
the president using the n-word during a
production of a season of The Apprentice
she says that she discovered the tapes
existence during the 2016 presidential
campaign and that was when she informed
key members of the Trump campaign staff
I immediately called Laura and an Eric
that's Eric's
wife to share what I learned and we had
those conversations I actually had those
conversations with her Laura Trump mmm I
called her to tell her what I heard and
what was happening hmm and they weren't
she wasn't surprised she was just kind
of in damage control mode and again what
she appears to mean there is she has
those conversations on tape tonight the
president sent this response on Twitter
quote Mark Burnett called to say there
are no tapes of The Apprentice mr.
Burnett is the creator of the show where
I use such a terrible and disgusting
word as attributed by wacky and deranged
Omarosa
I don't have that word in my vocabulary
and never have she made it up
look at her many recent quotes saying
such wonderful and powerful things about
me a true champion of civil rights until
she got fired
Omarosa had zero credibility with the
media they didn't want interviews when
she worked in the White House now that
she says bad about me they will talk to
her fake news Laura Trump again the wife
of Eric Trump had this to say to Sean
Hannity tonight what an incredible
opportunity she wasted you know the
president gave her the chance to make a
difference to take care of people that
she claimed to care about and he or she
has squandered it for this fictitious
ridiculous book while the White House
has pushed back against all the accounts
in this book called inland quote lies
and false accusations
Omarosa seemed to indicate tonight that
she has more information that could be
damaging to this White House if you have
any other recordings oh I have plenty
anything mom would like to see if he if
he if his office calls again which would
be a great watch now instigation by more
absolutely anything that they want our
service certain you think I'd be
impeached at this point yes on that note
let's bring in our leadoff panel for a
Monday night Ashley Parker Pulitzer
Prize winning White House reporter for
The Washington Post
Eugene Robinson Pulitzer Prize winning
columnist along with the Washington Post
and Mike Murphy veteran Republican
strategist longtime adviser to among
others Mitt Romney Jeb Bush John McCain
Judy
and welcome to you all Ashley let's set
the scene tonight you had the president
steps down the hall from the Lincoln
Bedroom presumably in the residence
portion of the White House on social
media quoting the creator of The
Apprentice denying his use of the n-word
the president clearly in an aggravated
state may have met his match someone
pointed out these are both both people
are playing by reality-television rules
the spooling out of stories in a
slow-motion basis what has this done
what will this done this do rather to
the West Wing well first that's one of
the things that the president until
recently appreciated about amorosa
everyone else in the West Wing didn't
like her but he appreciated her her
sense of drama and her sense of sort of
reality show Manship and and that's one
of the reasons he kept her around what
this does to the West Wing is it it just
creates another level of headache as
we've sort of discussed ad nauseam
Omarosa is not credible
the president and the White House in
pushing back because of their depending
on the person in the day their lies or
their missed truths are also not
credible but in this case it embraces
the White House in a scandal and in a
drama that they don't want to be taking
part in it elevates Omarosa and it also
as you point out it puts the president
in a horrible mood so I'm talking to
people in the West Wing a lot of them
never liked her they're happy she's at
what they're saying now publicly is no
different than what they were telling us
privately for weeks or months but when
you have the president ordering
responses and going out and tweeting
about this that's just a headache for
everyone in there who's actually trying
to run the government Eugene with your
way with words you've gone and written a
column that says of course Omarosa has
tapes and in it said way with words
continues it is hard to take Omarosa
Manigault Newman's word for anything but
lordy she has tapes and they offer vivid
proof that Donald Trump's White House is
part clown show part nest of vipers
Eugene it's all yours what are we
wouldn't with well that that mean that's
that's what we see this
the white house full of the kind of
people who who tape conversations
private conversations with their
colleagues and co-workers including in
the Situation Room she taped the chief
of staff of the White House she taped
the president she taped others and I
have no doubt that she has other
recordings this is not the way a White
House is supposed to be ours is supposed
to behave as ashley said Omarosa just by
herself just saying X happened has zero
credibility she has his little
credibility as President Trump in that
situation but when she has documentary
proof when she has recordings and
documents those stand up and she is
writing a playbook on how to attack
Donald Trump and get under his skin
playing by his rules
so Mike Lawrence O'Donnell tonight
highlighted the obvious but then set it
apart by by underscoring we have never
in the history of this Republic have had
a senior aide come public and expose the
president using recordings that were
taken in the White House Lawrence's
point was we've never seen senior staff
of this caliber or lack thereof
hired by White House's past yeah that's
one of the many moving parts of this we
now have the Lord of the Flies
management theory in the White House
with constant drag upon Drake violence
you know they're like locusts feeding on
a public institution that's supposed to
be the high Lantern for the country and
is now becoming the worst elements of TV
reality show television I mean I I look
at this fight between Omarosa and
President Trump because they're very
similar people they're both massively
ethically challenged and untrustworthy
it's like Stalingrad there's nobody you
can morally root for so and you don't
know who to believe because they're both
liars so I've decided my wife√≠s dish is
gonna be I'm gonna believe the worst
things they say about each other because
I'm probably closest to the truth with
that but you know beyond all that
there's real damage to the institution
here it's so much about self her book
deal
Trump's profiteering the egos it's a
corruption of our public institutions I
think it will pass but it's doing damage
to the country and this documentary
evidence as our other panelists have
said does soar and if you've said does
sort of break it through the depressing
reality show circus into real true
things that show you just what it is
like inside this White House hey there
are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
