it is well-known that Donald Trump will
not condemn Russian attacks on US
election systems not in 2016 and not in
the midterms
right now we want to take a special
report look at how these attacks are
morphing into new and dangerous forms
including real offline activities that
affect the midterms consider that
already a top Democrat on the
Intelligence Committee says these 2018
online attacks are from Russia only
three months before the 2018 elections
Russian backed operatives continue to
infiltrate and manipulate social media
to hijack the national conversation and
set Americans against each other
Russian hackers are working to target
senators individually including Democrat
Claire McCaskill and they've already
reportedly penetrated at least one voter
registration system all of this has led
Donald Trump's own CIA director to say
this campaign is continuing in regards
to Russian involvement in the midterm
elections we continue to see a pervasive
messaging messaging campaign so that's
what's happening and yet there are many
including Trump allied conservatives who
argue that Russia's influence online or
on Facebook is laughable the debate here
is over whether what happens online
matters and there's reporting that shows
this is not just about what's online or
out in some mythical cyberspace Facebook
is a crucial tool of ongoing foreign
espionage espionage precisely because it
is a hub for real people inside our
country to do real things on the ground
which is why it's so important to
continue to expose these efforts to
understand how online right now there
are these allegedly foreign facebook
campaigns to target and organize real
world events so before we even get into
the new stuff what you might call
meddling 2.0 let's make sure we remember
what Moeller already busted during 2016
there was that ad that promoted it down
with Hillary event offline in New York
or an event from the heart of Texas
group get ready to secede USA Today
found that in 2016 there were over 3,000
Facebook ads created by a Russian group
indicted
Moeller to promote ads designed to
inflame race related tensions that
includes the black lives matter group in
2016 so all of that we know here's
what's happening now America this
weekend was bracing for this very
divisive and potentially dangerous set
of events at the unite the right rally
in Washington and while that was out
going on while people were getting ready
for that there was a foreign effort
trying to basically gin up a lot of
discord through the web and online this
weekend you're about to see one of these
efforts we're showing them to you
because it's fake not real but it was
trying to exploit this weekend's events
a Facebook page called the resistors
promoting what it called feminist
activism but it wasn't real it was an
American it was created in March 2017
Facebook would go on to report the page
was once moderated by and shared by
those fake Russia linked accounts this
summer in June the page would create a
counter protest event to unite the right
and that eventually caught up real
people like here's one of them Brendon
or singer who contacted the page to get
involved in the counter protest effort
in fact he told the New York Times he
spoke with someone who said their name
was Mary as an administrator for months
about these efforts but it turns out
there was no Mary that was a fake
account a fake person an orange ur a
real person with spending time and
energy and activism about this counter
protest with someone who may be involved
in this foreign espionage the fake group
also actively reached out to other real
people to try to join the effort and
there were then five actual activism
groups that co-hosted this event with
the original fake group so this is
important when you get into what's
really going on at this point you have
that counter protest that was somewhat
fake being mingled in and run with real
Americans although they were unknowingly
working in conjunction with fake
accounts that again may be linked to
foreign espionage now by the end of the
July the July period Facebook basically
suspended that account and shut down
discounters protests resistors was one
of four of the most popular pages that
Facebook shut down the other two you see
here as flying warriors and black
elevation which were also fake American
pages and then the espionage effort gets
Messier which is part of the purpose
because while that page was
fake the issues of racism and civil
rights that it was exploiting in our
country are very real and some of these
would be protesters that were recruited
inside the u.s. are real people and some
of them who were anti-trump activists
are upset that the fake page was taking
down after all there were over 3,000
people already involved when facebook
deleted it so facebook was on the one
hand doing what so many people have
called on it to do to confront these
foreign efforts before it's too late
with action that can disrupt the problem
but it also disrupts other civic
organizing in fact as we reported on
this one of those protesters I showed
you told us that he was against Facebook
taking down the entire page because he
and other activists wanted to keep using
it to organize against that white
supremacy rally so that's a lot and it's
complicated but it's super important
when the foreign effort mixes with what
people want to do in our country now if
any of this is somewhat familiar it's
actually the kind of point that a
Harvard digital expert your high benkler
was telling us about on the beat that he
argues we have to both expose these
Russian efforts but not let them
boomerang on us because they do
basically traffic in real issues they
seem to be jumping on bandwagons that
are already there largely they're not
driving the effect they're not driving
the resistance to ice they're not
driving the rejection of the the white
supremacists they're trying to make us
feel like our democracy is not safe
because of them when in fact it's
internal divisions with very long and
deep roots those internal divisions are
as real as the many many Americans who
rely on these social networks every day
we use them for news we use them for
information we certainly use them for
companionship and Facebook remains in
the center of all this even as it tries
to improve how it handles it because
Facebook works with our real identities
as Mark Zuckerberg made so clear all the
way back in 2010 most things around the
web aren't designed primarily to use
your friends right and they don't assume
that you have real identity it means
that this is really you
you're tied to it the web looks a lot
different when everything is completely
anonymous then when some things are have
your friends and real identity he was
right about that and the fact that
Facebook uses our identities is why so
many people continue to rely on in our
country and around the world it's also
why it continues to be such a breeding
ground for these foreign efforts they
want to confuse us and while we've done
a lot of reporting on this show that
points out what's wrong with Facebook's
response today is one of those days
where the update shows they're trying
but this is very very hard hey I'm
already Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our YouTube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
