you got this my mind some jumping around
here there's so much that working today
took hours but you know when you were
listening to that tape finally after you
published unhinged we sell books here
you you go out here listen to the tape
and you finally get to hear him saying
this awful racially derogatory stuff
multiple times in this three minutes you
listen to did you ever try to retake
that did you bring a tape recording
without in fact why did he was very
specific to put it put headphones on but
I immediately call Laura and in Eric
that's a Eric's wife to share what I
learned and we had those conversations I
actually had those conversations with
her where I shared with her there's
Laura Trump mmm I called her to tell her
what I heard and what was happening hmm
and they weren't she wasn't surprised
she was just kind of in damage control
mode let's talk about this
non-disclosure thing I'm the only thing
I know about non-disclosure is you're a
public employee you're paid by the
United States government the idea of a
non-disclosure would only be if you made
a separate I guess a contract and I
don't think you could ever be required
to sign a contract as a public employee
what is this about the Trump people
saying they've got a non-disclosure
signed by you not by me in fact they
presented me this NDA they brought it to
my office they refused to allow me it
was your doing that what would you get
out of that the moment they said I
couldn't show it to my attorneys I knew
that what would you get out of signing
something like that it was because
Donald Trump was tired of the leaks and
he thought that he if he had these
agreements that he could fear put fear
in people and they would stop leaking
but it didn't stop the leakers he
offered you a hundred I did the math 12
times 15,000 he offered you one hundred
eighty-five thousand to do for a no-show
job basically that's right they told me
I could work from home I didn't have to
come in if I didn't want to just take
fifteen thousand dollars I think
something like that when it sounds like
a direct hush money
it sounds like Watergate is actually one
for a lot of money that's a lot of
people who that's more than a senator
makes but Chris there is a lot of people
who signed these agreements to Sean
Spicer shine sign how do you know he did
he signed one with the America first
because they offered me a job I could
choose between the RNC America first or
the Trump campaign as a MacGregor was
the hush cash coming from well in the
Trump campaign it comes from donations
which is illegal and Amer
first it also comes from donations R and
C I'm not really sure where that money
comes from but they have Keith Schiller
the president's bodyguard on a retainer
for $15,000 a month he doesn't even know
to remind people that their work for a
living that's 185 unusual that trumps
former bodyguard is on payroll you asked
you before a couple hours ago I'm ROH
see if you have any other recordings you
wouldn't share them here if you got some
oh I have plenty anything more would
like to see if he if he if his office
calls again would you be a great launch
now instigation by more absolutely
anything that they want our world
certainly certain you think I may be
impeached at this point yes hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
