the president's history of attacks and
Republican senator and war hero John
McCain is well established with this
chilling snub today might take the cake
at an event intended to honor senator
McCain's legacy Trump appearing at an
event to sign a bill named after him in
which Trump didn't mention the Senators
name even once didn't say John McCain
none of his guest speakers did either
Trump even dropped McCain's name from
the title of the bill
Brett well it's stunning but once again
as with everything with this president's
stunning but but not at all surprising
it is surprising though because don't go
sign the bill you could sign a bill a
lot of different ways you know what is
this this is a bill that was named by
McCain Senate colleagues who understand
it's 50 years of service you're a
hundred percent you're a hundred percent
right but it's just a reminder of what a
shameful presidency we have that he
can't simply honor an American senator
an American hero who is who is dying of
a deadly cancer it is the absence of
grace even in moments that require which
define who this president is and
everything that he is not and how ill he
represents what America is an ought to
be at its best even his own party what
is the cold he you know I keep saying
he's too small to be in this big
position because the you ought to by now
be looking at the impact and effect of
the bill so what if is named after
someone I disagree with when does he
grow up and become there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
