the city of Washington known for its
history of non-violent expression is
watching and waiting
a handful of white nationalists just two
dozen gathered within sight of the White
House earlier thousands more met them
head-on during a rainy night here in the
nation's capital and I want to start
with our team of reporters that has been
out in the rain all day and night I want
to start out with Garrett Haake Garrett
you started your day at the Metro
meeting this small group of protesters
frankly can you just walk us through
what you've seen over the course of
today sure Casey it was clear from the
word go that this rally was not going to
be everything that it was advertised as
when organizers put it together they had
told people to meet at the Metro in
Vienna Virginia around two o'clock so
they could come into the city is a big
group and a show of force and for their
own protection they got their protection
from MPD once they made it into the
District of Columbia but there was no
show of force only about two dozen or so
folks under the banner of Jason Kessler
who is the organizer of this event in
Charlottesville last year and once again
doing this unite the right rally 2.0
here in DC today the disorganization the
disunity the lack of message was clear
from the start most of these folks
showed up they didn't even have Metro
cards so they marched into the Vienna
metro station and then marched right up
to the metro card machine and had to
slow themselves down to buy fare to get
into the district and the message was
muddled from the word goes well Kessler
tried to tell me in an interview that
this was not a racist event that this
was all about free speech then I started
talking to some of the people who'd
showed up with them and two young white
supremacists there's really no other
word for it told me they considered
white Americans to be the founding stock
of this country and then if you were in
a white European American you were
somehow less American than they so no
message unity the ride in on the train
was probably the highlight of the day
for these guys because they had the
press attention to themselves
and when they got into the city they
were completely and utterly overwhelmed
by the thousands of counter protesters
that swarmed them every step of the way
from the metro here to laughs I had
parked behind me and stayed with them
all day long until they left
Garet can I ask you I've seen some
traffic and some people frankly raising
questions about whether these white
nationalists were given separate cars on
the metro to bring them in to Washington
DC since you were there I mean what did
you see I was on the train there was a
car that was entirely white nationalists
and reporters but I don't know that that
was done in the direction of anyone
except people on the platform who also
looked around and decided they didn't
want to be in a metro car full of white
nationalists and reporters there were
other people on that train coming in
from Vienna but they were riding in
different cars it's not clear to me that
that was done at the direction of police
rather just some some good sensible
Virginians who looked around and said
there's probably another car on this
train they'd rather ride in that I
absolutely want to be a no part of this
okay Garrett thank you I just Bennett
can you talk us through what you've seen
from your vantage point and also
obviously after this happened in
Charlottesville just one year ago all
the attention turned to President Trump
and his really response or lack thereof
to what we had seen in the streets of
Charlottesville how are things different
this year Casey you're a hundred percent
right and look Jason Kessler the
organizer behind unites the right the
rally last year and this sequel rally
initially wanted to hold the follow-up
in Charlottesville but he was denied a
permit there so he then turned his
attention to Washington DC in the
National Park Service approved his
permit for what he called a white civil
rights rally because the National Park
Service says that they are forced to
approve any First Amendment rights event
so he thought he was going to be coming
you know in closer proximity to
President Trump even though this is a
weekend in which we know President Trump
is at his private Golf Resort in
Bedminster where he's finishing up his
week there but we've seen the president
just yesterday sort of issue that
pre-emptive tweet where he says I
condemn racism on all sides and so some
people have really characterized that
standing in stark contrast to what he
said last year where he drew this moral
equivalence between the white
nationalist the white supremacists and
those who are protesting against him
however some people have read that same
tweet and said look the president still
can't condemn these white supremacists
he
can't call out their bad acts so we had
to speak from the president today Ivanka
Trump the president's daughter and then
White House aide added her voice to all
of this saying that she condemns
specifically racism white nationalism
Nazism says it has no place in our
country so the question is what will the
president say when he's in an unguarded
unscripted moment and he gets a question
about this whether it's an oval office
spray whether it's a South Lawn scrum
whether he does he's going to do an
event tomorrow there will be some press
pool reporters there what will he say
when he's caught off a guard I think
that will be far more illustrative and
far more instructive Casey and we should
note of course Jeff that that permit
that you mentioned that was given to mr.
Kessler was for upwards of 400 people he
showed up with just two dozen Jeff
Bennett thanks very much for your
reporting we'll be checking back in with
you tonight
meanwhile I want to welcome in my panel
here with me on set former RNC Chairman
an MSNBC political analyst Michael
Steele White House reporter for the LA
Times and MSNBC political analyst Eli
Stokes Democratic pollster and MSNBC
political analyst Cornell Belcher and
the president of the National Urban
League and former mayor of New Orleans
Marc Morial thank you all for being here
tonight
and Michael Steele I want to start with
you as somebody who is you know there's
a lot being ascribed to what I think is
still your party although you have had
some major differences over the course
of the last year working that out but
what do you read into what you saw today
with this frankly dismal showing and
what the presidents had to say about it
so far well I kind of ignore the showing
and all of that because that's that's
melodrama that will play itself out one
way or the other 24 people 400 people
that is what it is how that's ultimately
framed in my view is what we really have
relied on in the past and that is a
president who speaks into the moment and
clarifies and defines where we are as
American citizens when it comes to this
type of hate-filled response to fellow
Americans and the fact that the
president is giving us a sort of a you
know sort of a lightweight response on
Twitter the way he's you know there's a
hate racism's racism of all
it's okay yeah but we're specifically
talking about this okay can you narrow
it down for it's just a little bit with
respect to what's happening in your
front yard and the fact that he still
can't do that that to me is the lesson
that every American should take from
what we see this weekend Marc Morial to
Michael Steel's point the president is
not out front leading on this tonight
the the rally by the unite the right
group was an absolute flop a failure of
poor showing 30 people and all of this
anticipation all of this mobilization
all of the public resources spent by the
city of Washington and the federal
government and the taxpayers for 30
people to show up but secondly this was
an opportunity that for the president to
make a forceful unequivocal statement go
look at Mitt Romney's statement look at
Ivanka Trump's statement those
statements are more on mark of the type
of statement we'd like to see the
president make this is a moral moment
this is a moment where we expect the
president to speak unequivocally he
seems to not be able to really get to
the point where he condemns this awful
ideology of white supremacy white
nationalism wrapped in the embers of
Nazism and anti-semitism we want and
need our president to lead on this moral
issue at this very difficult and
challenging time in American history we
haven't heard that and I think we should
hear it Cornell Belcher what first of
all your perspective on what we've seen
unfold in the streets of Washington
today and you know what kind of lasting
damage might president Trump be doing to
public in relationships with the GOP for
you know African Americans who are
thinking about you know where can I
where can I have a home right now and
where it can I have a home is a big
issue this look we've seen in a lot of
polling and CBS polling and we did
pulling in battlegrounds for African
Americans for black packing you have 70
percent over seven percent of African
Americans thinking that racism is on the
rise right so and and a majority think
that their communities are under attack
so that's the sort of reality it is for
for minorities for many minorities who
thought so much of this was was it was
in the past right now
again watching you know Ku Klux Klan and
white supremists marched through the
streets through streets of Washington
right but I also the same time to the
Chairman's point on this
it's the 30 people showing is it isn't
it doesn't mean anything right because
we understand as a strategy they're
going underground and when you look at
sort of the the racism that is that I
think Trump is making okay again in this
in this country that's gonna hurt us
long term because one of the things I've
talked about before is we're not gonna
get whiter as a country so we better
figure out how to live with each other
whether you're Republican or Democrat
we've got to do a better job of figuring
out how to live with each other and the
president must play a central role in
that yeah elie circles from a political
perspective I mean this is a president
who feeds off crowds he watches what
happens in front of him he tosses things
out to the crowd he sees how they react
to it and often times he'll continue to
say something because it seemed to
resonate it doesn't seem to me that this
small group of extremists really had any
sort of showing that should suggest that
this is something with a real
constituency no he if he's watching TV
tonight and we have no reason to think
that he's not because he watches TV
pretty much every day he's seeing this
and he is not going to want to he's not
going to take satisfaction he's not
going to claim credit if anything he
might distance himself from it but
before he could see the crowds as
everybody here has pointed out he had a
chance to make a strong statement
condemning not all kinds of racism but
specifically white supremacism he did
not do that and for better or for worse
you know the White House and the
president is really good at giving these
kind of mealy-mouthed statements that
are open to interpretation so he can say
I condemned racism what do you want me
to do but he can leave enough room there
for people who want to march in these
rallies or attend these meetings or pop
off on Facebook with with racist ideas
too he can leave enough daylight for
them to think he's actually with us that
protest that we saw in Charlottesville a
year ago that hadn't been seen before
Donald Trump was president and from all
the reporters who were in the crowd
talking to people the majority of the
white supremacist who showed up believed
rightly or wrongly that this president
was on their side that he understood
them differently
past presidents past political leaders
before and there was an excitement about
that and if that is not the case it's
incumbent on the President to send a
stronger message to say I do not support
this and as yet he has not Michael
Steele this is a question that that
Chuck Todd asked of a member of Congress
and Meet the Press a week or two ago he
asked you know is the Republican Party
becoming a party that is fundamentally
anti black I will know if I go that far
yet we have our roots though I mean we
have our roots when there was a Southern
Strategy from the Nixon campaign in 68
to bring in to the fold this particular
ilk of a person and to put it politely
this kind of trash because there was
some electoral benefit presumably that
would come from it there was no
consideration given to the poison that
would infect the the body politic within
the GOP that here we are now some 50
years later having to deal with a
president a Republican president who -
you know the point that was just made
gives countenance to it that gives room
to that so the party has to now
irrespective of the president the party
has to account for this because I don't
know how we go into a black community
into Hispanic community and say come
join us be a part of us it's not enough
to say you're conservative it's not
enough to say you go to church on
Sundays it's not enough to put all that
out there on the table anymore when
you've got this body of work by this
administration
you've got the rhetoric and everything
else that says something very different
to communities of color in this country
and it's it's a real problem mark Murray
I'll jump in I wanna I want to offer yes
so I think it's an interesting arc if
you will from George Bush circa 2001
talking about affirmative access
appointing a Colin Powell and later a
Condoleezza Rice as secretaries of state
a GOP and the Congress it had a
JC Watts in its leadership and a GOP
that had a Michael Steele as its chair
that party would seem to be maybe making
small steps is a very different scene
today Michael Steele a JC Watts Colin
Powell a condi rice they were prominent
in the republican movement of the early
2000s now you see something very
different this is a directional shift
when you've got a Cory Stuart Patrick
little as candidates nominated
candidates running under the GOP banner
so I think the difficulty for the GOP is
not only in its in in in its leadership
optics and in the president's rhetoric
but also the fact that they're no longer
any credible african-americans in any
leadership role anywhere it seems in the
Congress or in the executive branch it's
hard to make up particularly when you've
got a changing landscape in the country
not to even mention the lack of Latino
leaders in the very same party so you've
got to look at this in terms of where
it's come from maybe 15 years ago to
where it is it's directionally in the
wrong direction if you consider the
demographic shifts in the country for
the GOP
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
