whoever has the white house that party
tends to lose the midterms I don't know
why maybe it's complacency maybe y'all
fight so hard for the presidency and you
know you win and you're a little
complacent but I mean that was two years
ago Donald Trump may be worried that a
blue wave is headed to Washington this
fall for the first time in this election
cycle election forecasters say Democrats
have more than a 50% chance of taking
back the house and if that happens will
Nancy Pelosi reclaim the speaker's gavel
I'm gonna ask her joining me now
Democratic House Leader Nancy Pelosi
leader Pelosi thank you very much for
being here my pleasure
good morning before we get into the the
politics in the midterms and and
everything on this one year of what
happened in Charlottesville what do you
what are your reflections when you're
out it's so terribly sad the year has
gone by quickly but it has not
diminished the sorrow this is for our
country with going backward and the
president with all of his statements
he's the master of the dog whistle
everything that he has done whether it's
taking babies out of the arms of their
their moms whether it's issues that
relate to health care in our country
access to services and the rest is is
it's his whole thing that's make America
white again that's his thing and and he
can say a nice thing today in a tweet
but the fact is his actions speak louder
than his words and every day in the
Congress we have to fight those
initiatives I'm very proud of our House
Democrats on different committees who
flight those initiatives we'll talk
about in a minute but I'm going to ask
you the same question that I asked my
previous panel in terms of we focus a
lot on President Trump and what's in and
his culpability in sort of worsening
race relations but you've been a on
Capitol Hill
for a long time you've worked as speaker
Ryan you you know Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell why do you think they
haven't spoken up as leaders in the
United States against something as
pernicious as why
supremacy and racism remind let me
remind you that when the Republicans
took power when President Obama was
President of the United States what
Mitch McConnell said is the most
important thing we can do is to make
sure he does not succeed if that wasn't
a racist statement that is unthinkable
we worked with President Bush although
we had our differences you don't make a
statement to make sure that president
doesn't succeed why did he say that why
did he say that so I think that when you
ask that question you're attributing a
better higher set of values to the
speaker and to leader McConnell than is
worthy of their actions well let's let's
get into the the midterm elections
Democrats are hoping to reclaim the
majority in in the House of
Representatives which they lost in the
2010 midterm elections there are a lot
of people out there particularly
Democrats who are who are saying the
Democrats have no message the Democrats
they don't know what they're for they
know they're against President Trump but
they don't know what they're for is that
a true statement and if it's not what
are Democrats for rights are for the
people for that means Democrats are for
the people it means we are for that
people having lower health care costs
reducing the cost of prescription drugs
Democrats are for bigger paychecks by
building the infrastructure of America
creating good-paying jobs again
Democrats are for making government work
by reducing the role of big dark money
in politics all of these are connected
because the culture of corruption
cronyism and incompetence that is
prevalent in this Congress and this
administration take impedes the ability
for us to raise the minimum wage to
clean the air to reduce the cost of
prescription drugs so we have to be we
have unified in our message this came
from the members and it is being the
road tested now in August as we go
forward I'm very proud of David
Cicilline Cheri Bustos and Hakeem
Jeffries who honcho all of this
and it's it's not that we don't know
what we stand was how do we convey the
message and every day we have a fight
what we have to do is brag about it more
I was as congressman lead neither LOI
our top Democrat on in Appropriations
Committee yesterday we were talking
about how forty times in the last
appropriations bill the Democrats had a
fight back some nasty stuff the
Republicans had in there that undermine
our role to meet the needs of the
American people whether it's the air our
children breathe the education that they
are entitled to the opportunities for
their families so what we have to do on
campaigns give us that opportunity is
give clarity to the difference between
Democrats and Republicans
and it's vast you only need look at the
budget the budget is a statement of our
values what's important to a nation
should be reflecting how we allocate our
resources what are the Republicans do
they have a scam a tax scam that gives
two trillion takes us two trillion
dollars in debt stealing from our
children's future putting us deeply in
debt and then the president comes out
with a a budget that says we're going to
take two trillion dollars from Medicare
and Medicaid so just look we have to
make sure that people see that
distinction and the the opportunity is
vast people are responding we intend to
win this election you used to you used
to phrase culture of corruption I had a
bit of a deja vu moment today because
culture of corruption it was sort of the
mantra in the 2006 midterm campaign when
the Democrats retook the House of
Representatives compared the culture of
corruption that Democrats were
campaigning against in 2006 versus the
culture of corruption that Democrats are
campaigning against in 2018 well the
again then and now that was part of our
message at the time we were also
fighting President Bush's attempt to
privatize Social Security so that was
our main theme and then the culture of
corruption because people were being
indicted and
and subpoenaed and the rest and then
Along Came Katrina where you had
cronyism somebody's college roommate
heading up FEMA incompetence and a
man-made disaster an a chiral disaster
that came exacerbated as a man-made
disaster and the president's numbers
went down we won the election in this
case it's a very similar situation
except it's so much more into the
executive branch president president
Trump's cabinet and the rest and and
everyday that culture of corruption
cronyism and incompetence stands in the
way of stopping the pollution of air in
fact promoting it that water our kids
drink safety of the food they eat
stopping the increase in prescription
drug prices the list goes on so there's
a very clarifying to impede better
policy right well let's talk about a
specific example of corruption
congressman Chris Collins here in New
York Republican who was arrested talking
about corruption for insider trading
among other things there you see on the
screen he's worth 66 his estimated net
worth 66 million dollars
what does isn't what does it say to to
you that there's a member of Congress
Republican who just sort of with
impunity flouting the the laws of this
country well they actually it hits right
to the point
we have been fighting to have the
secretary negotiate for lower
prescription drug prices the committee
of jurisdiction for that is the Energy
and Commerce Committee where congressman
Collins has served he sits on the board
of a company that is in that business
it's all wrong it's all wrong there's
members of Congress should certainly not
be sitting on boards of companies
especially those whose of impact are
impacted by policy losses in the
government so this is
this is appalling but it just shows the
brazenness of it all you have to give
the Republicans points for brazenness
look look at the cabinet look at Pruitt
look at what he did every day he was
polluting the air just making it
stealing from our children's good health
to protect the vested interest the dark
special interest money and look at
Collins what he said what he said he
said during the tax debate he said the
donors are calling and saying unless you
passes don't call me again so when we
talk about lowering costs increasing pay
and making government's work there's a
direct relationship between reducing the
role of that dark money in politics and
improving the policy for the American
people and I'll just add this Martin
Luther King said the ballot legislation
your life his friend who marched with
him Martin Walter Reuther said the lunch
box and the ballot box cannot be
connected what you gain that then at the
negotiating table you can lose in the
legislature depending on what happens at
the ballot so there is a direct
connection in all this it's it is
winning votes across the country we
fully expect to win but it will be very
close races right now well now that I've
got you fired up can you stay we have to
take a break but can you stay for one
more block instead okay hey thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there for more am joy and the rest
of MSNBC and click on any of the videos
right here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
