and thanks to it home for joining us
this hour alright so it is a small
enough range of what they're looking for
aesthetically that I'm thinking you
basically have to register as having
acceptable haircut a or acceptable
haircut B and those are sort of the two
lanes that are available to you under
haircut a we have for example Ben
Affleck or Josh Brolin or Mark Wahlberg
or Jake Gyllenhaal or Chris Hemsworth or
the great Anderson Cooper or the great
Jimmy Fallon or that guy from The Hurt
Locker who was so good I think he'd also
have to put in in in the category of
haircut a James Bond aka Daniel Craig
also Bear Grylls I hesitated with these
last two though because I can't totally
confirm that those aren't just slightly
photoshopped tweaked versions of the
same cover but those two up side-by-side
look do you know Kraken bear gross they
turned them into exactly the same dude
so those are examples of haircut a in
this environment but don't be fooled
into thinking that their aesthetic range
is singular
they will also occasionally accept a
cover model with hair cut B which you
see here so if you cannot swing hair cut
a for whatever reason you are also
allowed to be L bald Oh especially if
you have some of their kind of prop a
vaguely hair like prop to distract from
your voltage miss so this is the theme
here right the aesthetic window here is
only open a very slight amount it's a
pretty tight line here I mean they do
occasionally break out and do something
a little bit different for example
here's a man in a hat here's a man on a
motorcycle
here's Harrison Ford I think taking his
own pulse maybe here is a scary eyed man
pretending to be a magician here's a man
with a slightly different
photofiltre than they usually use right
so they do sometimes mix it up but not
much right you clearly know what to
expect
if you go looking for Men's Journal
magazine Men's Journal magazine if it's
clear enough they've got a theme they've
got a specific look but now behold we
just got the brand-new cover of next
month's Men's Journal and luck hey wait
a minute that's neither haircut a nor
haircut B who is that I mean literally
given what Men's Journal usually does
for a cover what is this person doing on
the front of Men's Journal what what
even is her is her neck is her name on
the cover is she be Facebook detective
is her name style InDesign is her name
tonic cocktail that's not a terrible
stage name it's no it's ridiculous
turns out her name is on the cover it is
what down there on the right second to
last line in the fine print right
underneath master the cable pulley it
says there in red she is Karen McDougal
and with this most unusual cover the
readers of Men's Journal magazine are
invited to as you see there get Karen
MacDougall's workout you know what this
is kind of a departure for this
particular magazine can you spot which
one of these kids is not like the other
but you know it's interesting we did
have a warning that this was coming I
when I saw the warning that it was
coming I didn't totally believe that it
would eventually arrive but it has
arrived a few weeks ago the Wall Street
Journal gave the warning that we should
look out for this when they reported
that Karen McDougal
a former model in Playboy magazine a
woman who said she had a long-running
affair with President Trump the journal
reported several weeks ago that she
would be placed on the cover of of all
things Men's Journal for their September
issue despite what appeared to be total
bewilderment by the magazine's own staff
quote Ms mcdougal would be a rare solo
woman on the
of the high-end men's lifestyle magazine
which typically showcases male
celebrities such as actor Ben Affleck TV
host Jimmy Fallon and professional
wrestler John Cena the magazine's chief
revenue officer and chief content
officer have told some employees that
they unsuccessfully appealed to David
pecker the CEO of American media which
owns the magazine and who reportedly
ordered the cover they asked him to
reconsider placing Ms mcdougal on the
men's journal cover the executives said
they argued the mcdougal cover would
hurt the magazine's reputation making it
harder to attract top talent for future
covers and potentially alienating
hard-won advertisers but nevertheless
there she is
get her work out guys it says right
there in the fine print four days before
the presidential election in 2016 The
Wall Street Journal published the first
report that this company American media
most famous for owning the National
Enquirer but it's actually conglomerate
the journal reported four days before
the election that American media which
is headed up by Donald Trump's friend
David pecker Journal reported that they
had given Karen McDougal a hundred and
fifty thousand dollar quote unquote
contract that included the exclusive
rights to publish her story about having
this alleged long-running extramarital
affair with Donald Trump now having
obtained those exclusive rights to
publish that story American media and
David Becker decided to not run that
story so that was that was widely viewed
as what's called a catch and kill deal
in which American media basically told
candidate excuse me basically did
candidate Trump the favor of making sure
that embarrassing story about this
alleged affair would never run in print
so American media paid MS mcdougal in
August 2016 really late in the game
right Donald Trump was already the
Republican nominee for president at that
point now did the president have this
affair she says yes he says no you say
I'm plugging my ears stop talking about
this Maddow I don't want to know I
understand but
prosecutors are reportedly looking into
whether that transaction was an effort
to influence the outcome of the election
an effort that potentially was illegally
coordinated with candidate Trump and his
campaign that is a matter of federal
criminal investigation and an audiotape
apparently made surreptitiously by Trump
lawyer Michael Cohen has since been
released which includes Trump on tape
with Cohen discussing that payment to
Karen McDougal before the election and
specifically the two of them discussed
Trump's intention to pay American media
back that hundred and fifty thousand
dollars that they paid out to Karen
McDougal to make that story go away so
now there's two new things number one is
this American media really has now taken
this somewhat hilarious step right
where's my Ben Affleck
where's my Dwayne the rock Johnson right
they've taken this somewhat hilarious
step to try to make it look like that
contract they signed Karen McDougal up
to right before the election they're
trying to make it look like that
contract had nothing to do with catching
and killing her story about an alleged
affair with Trump they're now trying to
make it seem like that was a legit
publishing contract because they really
did want to lock up the cover story
rights to Karen MacDougall's workout for
Men's Journal
if the Wall Street Journal is right
American media went to such lengths to
scrape this together at the last minute
but they didn't even actually take her
picture for this magazine cover or even
talk to her for this magazine cover
quote Ms mcdougal has not participated
in a photography shoot or interview with
Men's Journal staff according to
American media employees and a person
familiar with the matter the magazine's
editors plan to use old pictures for the
cover and to recycle archived content
for a piece about MS MacDougall's
fitness routine so that's the first new
thing American media and the president's
friend David pecker putting together
this magazine cover scrunching it
together all of a sudden to make it look
like that one hundred and fifty thousand
dollar deal with Karen McDougal to cover
up the presidents
alleged affair trying to make it look
like it wasn't that at all they really
really were after her for her mastery of
the cable pulley or whatever and
according to them the reporting on this
according to their own employees to take
the advertiser hit to take the editorial
hit to their magazine which this
entailed we know they were even warned
about that by their own senior employees
American media nevertheless had to think
this was worth it they apparently had to
be scared enough by the legal jeopardy
they thought they might otherwise be in
when it comes to this contract this
woman and what they did with her for
Trump during the campaign they
apparently thought it was worth it they
really did go ahead and publish this
that's one new thing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
