let's get the very latest on the
Khashoggi investigation Turkish
crime-scene investigators have completed
another search of the Saudi consulate
where it is believed he was murdered
hours before a team also searched the
Saudi consuls home using an ultraviolet
light to look for bloodstains here in
the states where khashoggi was a
resident the Washington Post published
it is chilling to read this thing his
final column in which he urges free
expression in the Arab world arguing
quote Arab governments have been given
free rein to continue silencing the
media at an increasing rate with me now
David Rothkopf a visiting scholar at the
Carnegie Endowment who focuses on
foreign policy David first when you read
Jamal's final column and think about
where we have been over the last 16 days
it's stunning is his prediction true as
you look at the meeting Mike Pompeo just
had and still not confirming whether or
not we know if he's dead was Jamal
khashoggi write that this becomes a one
day news story and silence well I don't
know that it's a one day news story but
I think there is a dark irony in his
column because he's talking about
freedom of expression and of course what
we're seeing from the White House and
from the Saudis is an effort to cover up
the truth the truth about a guy who died
because he saw it freedom of expression
that's deeply disturbing for Americans
because we take freedom of expression
for granted but in the Middle East in
many countries they are getting used to
this and I don't think many of them
expected to see the full truth and a lot
of the responsibility for getting to the
kind of truth that keshavjee was seeking
to be displayed freely in the press is
going to fall on others other than the
Saudis and it's very mysterious perhaps
not mysterious but peculiar that the
United States is deferring to them still
in this particular case so this
administration
is very good at moving the news cycle
along the president is very good at
branding and marketing so they come out
today and Steve minuchin even though all
the other CEOs have already said it has
said I'm not going to the summit anymore
I'm out so that puts out a positive
statement to those who are deeply
concerned but at the same time Mike
Pompeo did not demand to see or hear the
tapes the turkey claims to have that
show to show he's apparent killing what
does that tell you says they're not
interested in getting to the truth
they're interested in covering it up the
minuchin decision was clearly a public
relations decision this Davos in the
desert is now the dud in the desert or
the nothing burger and there's nothing
for him to see at this point no well I
think that that's right but I think that
you know we're we're in the cover-up
stage we're gonna get into the stage
where they start to present the story
they think they can sell but you know
there are a couple of other phases yet
to come if you read the morning papers
here you see that the intelligence
community in the United States actually
believes this goes to Mohammed bin
Salman and if the Democrats win in
November we're likely to see
investigations into who knew what when
that's a whole lot of ifs because I go
back to Bob Woodward's book where you
know it seemed that people in the
intelligence community or Jim mattis
with sort of humor the Jarrod MBS
relationship when they knew there was
nothing good to come from MBS but the
humor did now the rubber has hit the
road someone lost their life how real is
this going to get especially if
Democrats don't win well look you know
back then and in those days you had
Lindsey Graham you had Marco Rubio you
had other people taking the president's
side and continuing to put up the front
of a good relationship with Saudi Arabia
you've seen a big change in the
Republican side words I don't hear just
as I said Mike Pompeo didn't say let me
see the tapes we're saying oh well
they're looking at the conflict and we
know there was already a cleaning crew
the walls were already painted I mean
come on no look I totally agree with you
it from the administration side it's
just words the question
whether a bipartisan consensus will
emerge in the Congress to impose
sanctions to do investigations and to
seek what the president should be
seeking but it's not going to come from
the White House we know that it's not
going to come from Pompeyo we know that
and it may not come from the Congress I
think we have to be skeptical about that
but you know I I do think it's
interesting that once again we have the
United States intelligence community
coming to a conclusion and finding the
president arguing against it this is
identical to the Russia case where they
came to a different conclusion and
indeed it's identical in the sense that
back then the president accepted Putin's
offer wanted to do his own and to do his
own investigation well I know but that
would have been a sham and this
investigation by the Saudis is clearly
going to be a sham hey MSNBC fans thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
