on this very day August 9th exactly four
years ago at 12:01 p.m. 18 year-old
Michael Brown was shot six times and
killed by a Ferguson Missouri police
officer Michael Brown was unarmed and at
least a hundred feet away from the
police officer and incapable of harming
the police officer when the officer
began firing at Michael Brown as the
bullets hit Michael Brown rendering him
completely helpless the officer decided
to continue to fire Michael Brown was
hit with six bullets including one in
the head to stop what was obviously a
non-existent threat especially after the
first bullet hit Michael Brown Ferguson
Missouri police left Michael Brown's
body on the street where he fell for
four hours on this day four years ago
and the people of Ferguson rose up in
protest it was the kind of protest we
had seen many many times before in this
country including when Arthur McDuffie
was killed by police in 1979 in Miami
but the protests we saw in Ferguson
Missouri combined with the police
reaction to those protests turned into
the first rioting over police use of
deadly first force that occurred since
the invention of cable news and the
internet and social media there was no
cable news to cover the rioting in Miami
in 1980 after the Arthur McDuffie case
or many of the other cases that occurred
in those days and so the McDuffie case
remained a mostly local story America
did not wake up them to the problems
associated with police use of deadly
force but four years ago the cable news
media immediately descended on Ferguson
where our correspondents and others were
reporting live from the streets every
day and night of the unrest and Barack
Obama became the first President of the
United States to publicly discuss police
use of deadly
force and acknowledge that abuse of that
police power to kill is a problem it
took the killing of Michael Brown and
the rioting that followed to finally get
all of America to pay attention to
police use of deadly force sadly nothing
gets America's attention quite like a
riot
it took the killing of Michael Brown and
the community's reaction to it to get
the Attorney General of the United
States for the first time in history to
respond directly to protests about a
killing by police and actually go to
that community and listen to their
concerns when Attorney General Eric
Holder went to Ferguson he met Wesley
Bell who was then a law professor was
labelled joined us on this program on
that day that he met Attorney General
Eric Holder in Ferguson he joined us by
phone during our live coverage of the
protests that were occurring that night
one of the targets of the protesters was
district attorney Bob McCulloch
who was guiding a grand jury through a
process that would eventually lead to no
charges being filed against the officer
who shot and killed the unarmed Michael
Brown
I asked Wesley Bell then about public
comments just attorney McCulloch had
been making that sounded biased to the
protesters this is what he told us about
district attorney McCulloch that night
what I do know is that our elected
leaders need to set a president or a
tone of confidence so the public feels
confident and that justice is being
served and I think that you know again I
don't know mr. McCulloch personally but
my one constructive criticism would be
that the comments that are coming out of
the office don't are then they aren't
inspiring they aren't they aren't
encouraging they seem to be something
other than transparency and I think that
if I was as he was to have smiles eyes
which he is not I would say
understand that the world is watching
that Ferguson North County and st. Louis
are watching and and and let us feel
that this is all this the situation is
being handled transparently protesters
were then calling for district attorney
McCullough to be removed from the
investigation of the Michael Brown case
on Tuesday night Wesley Bell removed Bob
McCullough from his job in effect as
District Attorney by winning the
Democratic primary for a district
attorney no Republican is running for
the job so in November Wesley Bell will
no doubt officially be elected the next
District Attorney with jurisdiction over
Ferguson Missouri
Wesley Bell joins us next video was
recorded Tuesday night by ABC 7 Missouri
when Wesley Bell beat Bob McCullough in
the race for st. Louis County District
Attorney and Wesley Bell
joins us now thank you very much for
joining us tonight really appreciate it
I you ran one of the things you ran on
in your platform was appointing special
prosecutors for police involved
shootings that obviously is an echo of
the Michael Brown case so how much was
the Michael Brown case of factor in your
win I don't I don't think anyone can
deny the the the fact that Ferguson
brought to light the need to address
issues like criminal justice reform the
need to address issues of mass
incarceration people became more aware
as a result of Ferguson so I don't know
what the exact contribution would be as
far as numbers or what-have-you but I
know when I talked to voters across st.
Louis County many were very aware of
these issues and I'm sure it played some
part it was an overwhelming victory you
got 56 percent over the vote
against the incumbent McCullough's of 43
percent of the vote that is just a
wipeout was that the way it was feeling
to you as Election Day was approaching I
tell you what all indicate our
indications told us that we were gonna
win and we were gonna win big the the
only the only hesitancy was man this is
a 27 year incumbent so I don't want to
get too confident but I mean we were
knocking on doors we were seeing the the
support coming from all over st. Louis
County and people were enthused even on
the polls we're not set on polls and and
people would come up to me and I would
try to introduce myself and they you
know so many people would be like wait I
know who you are I came to vote for you
and so it was a very uplifting and and
it was just it was a great evening
obviously for us when did you decide to
run you know I I had forgotten that I
had done that interview with you and and
and so you know I did I can say after I
ran for City Council I started to at
least think about that office because I
had I had worked as a public defender
and as a different defense attorney and
and even as a municipal court prosecutor
I've worked against and with that office
and and I've just I've always disagreed
with the practices and policies and I
always thought to myself that you know I
could never work in that office I'd have
to run it and so after I was elected you
know now I'm thinking now it's an
empowering feeling to and so now he
started you mind wanders and you think
okay well maybe I could do this and and
I know around that time of that
interview those those the seeds were
being planted if you will you know you
and I have something in common we're
both the sons of police officers and I'm
wondering how that affects your approach
it to policing police well first of all
I have to say retired police officer my
dad reminds me of that every single time
I talk to them but you know what it's
instilled in me is a respect for law
enforcement I know that that's that one
of the toughest jobs in the world at the
same time though just like everyone
watching this show is accountable for
their actions if officers
break the law they have to be
accountable as well now having said that
if an officer if there's an
officer-involved shooting god forbid and
the officer did everything correctly
then we're going to support that officer
200% but if the officer violated the law
then then the officer again needs to be
held accountable just like anyone
watching would be held accountable for
their actions
Wesley Bell congratulations on the big
win and thank you very much for joining
the last word again tonight we really
appreciate it thanks for having me
thank you thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
