as we close in on the critically
important midterm elections that could
change the political balance in
Washington early voting is underway in a
number of states and Party officials are
working to get their basis out to the
polls Democrats well they're relying on
a familiar and popular face former
President Barack Obama he's in a web
video called
President Obama doesn't have time for
these seven excuses not to vote let me
bring in David litt he is now the head
writer for Funny or Die DC was once a
speechwriter for President Obama it
seemed like you might have a hand in
this David but I hear that you didn't is
that true
Kraig thank you for having me on and
that's true I get to talk about this on
TV cuz I did not have any sort of hand
in writing it all right I want to play
part of the video for our viewers and
listeners take a look okay is there any
kind of introduction we're just plunging
in and then you guys old I don't care
about politics look I don't care about
pokemons but that doesn't mean it won't
keep on coming back
you remember those hearings where
members of Congress we're asking Mark
Zuckerberg questions like they'd never
used the internet before that's because
they haven't here's your chance to vote
for people who actually know what the
Internet is by the way you wouldn't let
your grandparents pick your playlist why
would you let them pick your
representative who's going to determine
your future and in 37 states you could
actually vote early which is life going
to a private jay-z Beyonce concert just
without jay-z and Beyonce but take some
friends anyway beat the lines because
like most things voting is more fun when
you do it together it's a rap rap
you know I'd say for the wrap party I've
got other stuff to do
President Obama still chuckling at his
own jokes to David David I mean in terms
of its effectiveness if you are a young
voter and you are undecided about
whether you want to participate in these
midterm elections do you think that
moves the needle well Craig I think the
number you have to keep in mind when you
put this video in context 20% just 20%
of people 18 to 29 voted in 2014 in the
last midterms and so if that number goes
up to 30% or 40% we are gonna be living
in a completely different country so if
you're somebody who voted in
presidential elections and you watch
this video and you say okay you know
what I'm convinced even if you've won in
two people you are convinced by that 1
in 10 people are convinced by that you
move the needle a little bit and young
participation goes up totally different
country and I think that's the reason
you see Democrats making this huge push
to get young people out to vote here's
the thing though we know your former
boss can pack arenas and stadiums why
not have him out doing that for the next
two weeks every day Barack Obama in
another state getting voters excited
about a different candidate but who
might need a nudge wouldn't that be more
effective than the web video the great
thing about web videos that we found and
admittedly I work for Funny or Die I'm a
little bit biased but the great thing
about web videos is you can do both so
this is not like filming a TV ad that
can take all day long I don't know how
long this took to film but I assume it
was an hour maybe 30 minutes that's how
long when we were filming things in the
White House we said okay we have 20 to
30 minutes to takes that's it and we
were still able to put videos on the
internet about net neutrality Obama care
community college and they get millions
of views and then President Obama would
get on the plane and go off and he'd
give a big speech so one of the amazing
things about communicating directly with
an audience online is you don't have to
make that choice between doing speeches
and reaching people with videos you get
to have both former president he's
playing for laughs obviously but but the
point
making the points are serious here's
another clip that's actually what people
in power are betting on that you'll
check out that you won't vote and when
you opt out that's what allows other
people to essentially fill that void it
allows them to do nothing about the
things that you'd like to see government
do so if you really want to throw a
wrench in their plans throw them out
vote in somebody better is the
presidential e saying here in that clip
and some of the others don't let the old
people decide this thing young people
get out there in vote is that the
message well Greg I do want to speak to
that because President Obama said you
know you wouldn't let your grandparents
pick your playlist and I did feel the
need to say grandma Dorothy if you're
watching you can pick my playlist you
have good taste and you know how Spotify
works but we've seen this we've seen all
of these these old congressmen old
senators we saw in these hearings
and it's not just that they're old it's
that they seem to think we're still
living in 1955 and when a lot of their
policies want to put us back to 1925 and
again one of the reasons for that is
that young people traditionally have not
voted in midterms and so what President
Obama is saying here is if you don't
like the fact that your representatives
don't seem to care about you go get
better representative David let we'll
leave it there
enjoy your website too by the way thank
you thank you hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
