the cabinet we're gonna have all the
best people we're gonna find out who
they are and it's not gonna be a
politically correct choice either I've
got some really good ideas for some
positions really I think some terrific
people we have some incredibly talented
people that will be put in cabinet
positions and other positions you'll be
very proud of it welcome back to
hardball that was Donald Trump on the
campaign trail back in 2016 boasting
that he would hire only the best people
to work in his administration a year and
a half into his presidency it's a pledge
his critics say he has fallen far short
of its former campaign chairman Paul
Manafort is on trial as we speak charged
with tax evasion and bank fraud his
deputy campaign chair Rick Gates pled
guilty to similar charges now he's
cooperating with a special counsel
Trump's former national security adviser
Michael Flynn pled guilty to lying to
the FBI and in the latest example
congressman Chris Collins an early Trump
supporter who served on the presidential
transition team has been charged with
insider trading he has denied those
charges also two of trumps cabinet
secretaries were forced out over alleged
ethical violations
it has Trump's critics saying see we
told you so and it has Democrats hoping
it might stir a backlash with voters in
November joined now by Timothy O'Bryan
the executive editor of Bloomberg
opinion Tim what do we know about how
Donald Trump hires people well you know
he's never if you're gonna hire the best
people you have to be the best person
and Donald Trump has never really been
the best person he's not a sophisticated
manager he's not patient he's never
built strong teams he's always you know
sort of cut through people very quickly
that was true the Trump Organization
it's been through the White House and if
you don't build a strong team you don't
have a lot of loyalty and you don't
attract first tier people to come onto
your team so the question is who comes
on to a team like that and what we
learned in Trump's Washington is that
he's attracted opportunists I think the
people who came in to his campaign
weren't convinced that he was going to
win the election and they saw it as sort
of a quick hit they could either pad
their resumes or actually get some
business opportunities out of it and
then lo and behold he got elected and so
they traveled with him to Washington but
they weren't going to Washington for the
most part because of public service
they weren't going
because they had a legislative or public
policy agenda they wanted to enact they
went there because to a certain extent
they were on the dole the Trump dole and
we're joined now ruth marcus columnist
for Washington posta grabbin some
technical difficulties there a minute
ago but there she is
all set to go and Ruth I'm curious too I
think it was
I heard Mike Murphy Republican
strategist certainly an ardent Trump
critic these days I heard him on a I
think a podcast recently he said he
likened the campaign team that Trump
ended up putting together in 2016 I
think he called it a political
equivalent of the island of misfit toys
sort of making the point you know we
were just hearing here that you know
these are folks who probably wouldn't
have found a home in a lot of cases in
other political campaigns and maybe if
you can extend that in other
administration's sure I mean I have a
very vivid memory of that when then
candidate Trump came to the Washington
Post editorial board in March of the
election year he unveiled his list of
foreign policy advisors they were a list
of foreign policy advisers that none of
us had really ever heard of they
included Carter Page and George
papadopolis how'd that one work out
right and that's that's the interesting
thing too roots because of course
obviously that's led to so much
controversy speculation investigation
and all of that and it ends up being a
defense that you heard offered a bike
you know Trump allies that's essentially
hey the guy put no effort into this just
wanted some names on a piece of paper
that ends up being the defense of Carter
page and and George papadopolis and
their role on that team it's basically
they're essentially saying Trump didn't
really care he just wanted some names on
the page well he did care in the sense
that he want the people that he has
surrounded himself with I think Tim is
exactly right the supply is limited
right a lot of people who would
ordinarily want to work in a White House
scurried as far away from this one as
they could and so you got those
opportunists as Tim said but you also
won't have a president Tim knows this as
well as anybody who wants to be
surrounded by sycophants who wants that
adoring cabinet meeting and all the ego
stroking that he Basques in and if
you're not willing to do that he's gonna
he's hiring for the stroking
and if you're not willing to do that he
doesn't want you around him you know Tim
it's interesting Donald Trump the the
the guy who ran for president in 2016 a
lot of people would argue he was in
position because of The Apprentice and
because he played the guy who high he
fired but he ultimately hired somebody
he bi for talent and all of that sort of
thing
I'm wondering though back the reputation
politically now is that a lot of people
who have sort of traditional political
resumes on the Republican side do not
want to be near this administration back
in the days of Trump the businessmen
what was the reputation of the Trump
Organization in in that was very similar
the Trump Organization was a boutique
mom-and-pop operation elite real estate
developers in New York laughed at Donald
Trump major commercial banks did not
lend him money
he was considered something of a cartoon
character I think people underestimated
the traction he had in the American
imagination that you saw him in The
Apprentice in which he was selling this
illusion of being a gifted entrepreneur
and being someone who could spot talent
and he said oh he sold a similar
illusion on the campaign trail that he
would come to Washington that he would
shake down the federal bureaucracy that
he would get things working to be a
great deal maker on and on and on it was
a very apprentice type promise which he
hasn't largely not been able to deliver
on I think the other thing is that
Donald Trump himself is enormous ly
conflicted he has more financial
conflicts of interest than anybody else
who's ever sat in the Oval Office so
anyone in his administration who's
looking for guidelines whether you're
Wilbur Ross or Scott Pruett about how to
conduct yourself and whether to observe
ethical norms are gonna throw that out
the window because the President himself
is not observing them Democrats
meanwhile trying to shape this as a
culture of corruption argument and
hoping it will help them in November
just as it did for Democrats back in
2006 when they regain majorities in both
houses of Congress as the Washington
Post puts it quote Trump and his
staunchest allies ethical and legal
problems even if unconnected are piling
up they are threads that are getting
easier for Trump's critics to tie into a
bumper sticker argument that Republicans
are out for themselves towns may be a
minor figure in all of this but as legal
troubles land at the exact right time to
make them a poster child for that
political attack I guess I wonder about
that a little
Ruthann in this sense in in 2006 there
was there were a number of Republican
congressional scandals I think that the
one right before the election was Mark
Foley the congressional page scandal I
think a couple weeks before the election
drain this swamp
called for a corruption that was the
Democratic rallying cry I'm wondering is
there any difference in how the public
perceives all of this now only in the
sense that so much of this about Trump
was aired in 20 say I'm in 2016 I guess
I'm wondering how much of how much of
this was just baked in when he was
elected well I think that in 20 mm 18
you've got an electorate that's pretty
much convinced that the whole place
stinks that it's swampy with Democrats
and swampy with Republicans and the
culture and I think you make a really
important point the culture of
corruption argument worked very well for
Democrats back in the day because the
centerpiece of the corruption and the
corruption scandals actually were in the
Congress you had all of the Jack
Abramoff related congressional scandals
bob ney people going to prison over
taking money from and gifts from
lobbyists and things like that
here it's a it's a little bit of a bank
shot Collins might make it easier I
think that the better argument for
Democrats is not just culture of
corruption but moat we're focusing about
check on Trump check on power on people
understand that this administration
needs a little bit of oversight say and
that's where that interesting Devin
Nunez tape comes in
so not just draining the swamp but
overseeing the president yeah check on
the president that is a midterm message
that has always worked with with only
two exceptions since World War two
that's probably as bankable campaign
strategy as we've seen for both parties
Ruth Marcus Timothy O'Bryan
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
