of course Collins isn't the only
lawmaker arrested while in office
Democratic Senator Bob Menendez of New
Jersey was indicted in 2015 on more than
a dozen charges of bribery and
corruption accused of using his office
to help a wealthy friend in exchange for
campaign contributions and lavish gifts
his trial last year ended in a
deadlocked jury and prosecutors dropped
the case in January then we have former
Democratic congresswoman Corrine brown
of Florida who was convicted of fraud in
December sentenced to five years in
prison prosecutors said she turned a
charity for poor students into an
$800,000 personal slush fund Brown had
served almost 25 years in Congress then
we go to last year Mae Montana
Republican congressman Greg Jian Forte
won his House seat in a special election
just one day after his arrest for
assaulting a reporter he put guilty a
month later was sentenced to anger
management counseling and community
service Democratic congressman Chaka
Fattah of Pennsylvania was convicted two
years ago on nearly 30 counts of
racketeering and money laundering he was
accused of misusing charitable grants
campaign contributions and taxpayer
funds he's now serving a 10-year prison
sentence Republican congressman Michael
Grimm of New York faced a 20 count
indictment in 2014 on felony tax evasion
perjury other charges in connection with
a restaurant he ran he put guilty later
that year to a single count of tax fraud
and ended up serving seven months in
prison his effort at a political
comeback this year failed and Republican
congressman Trey Radel of Florida was
charged with misdemeanor cocaine
possession in 2013 he did plead guilty
he resigned from Congress in January of
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
