what's your impression of the strategy
being employed here is the goal to
actually have an interview is the
president really pushing them to find a
way to do that or are they playing for
time maybe you know giving them more
opportunity to go after robert muller
and damage his reputation ahead of
whenever it is that he releases his
findings I think Petera is exactly right
the way he laid this out is really a
public stalling game by the president's
two attorneys both of whom were really
brought in to play this out in the
public to be the TV lawyers Jay Sekulow
talking about this on his own radio show
I mean this is all meant for public
consumption it's true that the President
himself is ambivalent about this yes
part of his his self creation myth is
his ability to convince anyone of
anything in the room but the other side
of that the other part of his his
character his pathology is the sense of
grievance the fact that he's being
treated unfairly and he also views this
entire thing as he tells us almost daily
on Twitter as a witch-hunt and so his
sense of grievant has activated the
interesting question for me if the
president really does believe and and I
think most folks do buy into this he
believes he can convince anybody of
anything it's why right he went to sit
down with leaders of authoritarian
countries because he thought he could
change the equation just by a
face-to-face meeting are his lawyers
worried are the people around him who
don't want him to talk to Muller worried
that in a split moment he could agree to
something just because that part of his
personality becomes dominant
yes well the dominant part of his
personality that worries his attorneys
the most is his ability or his his
tendency to really stretch the truth and
that's putting it nicely I mean this is
a person who has great economic data who
has to go further and say that it's the
best and record-setting economic data
this is a guy who sold his Trump Tower
building by saying it was ten stories
higher than it actually was who
determines his self-worth based on how
he feels and so that when they talk
about perjury traps you don't get
trapped into perjury and and that is
again that's rhetoric meant for the
public to come you know believe the idea
that somehow they're trying to trick
Donald Trump no one has to trick or dupe
this president when it
comes to getting him to stretch the
truth to go beyond the truth though the
difference here is that the stakes for
the president for his family for his
associates the legal stakes are much
higher than anywhere else and I think
even where the President may have this
belief in his ability to go in and set
the things straight in person his
attorneys and the people around him are
really concerned about him doing that
all right so let me go back to the
special counsel and play part of what
Rudy Giuliani had to say on Fox News
take a look he knows the answers to
every question that he wants to ask he's
gonna ask him did you tell call me to go
easy on Flynt the president say no I
didn't hey Bob you know it why do you
want to get him under oath you think
we're fools you want to get him on the
Rope cause you want to trap him into
perjury but we're not gonna let you do
that Ned so what does Robert Muller want
from president Trump well in this case
Chris Bob Moeller wants to know what
exactly President Trump was thinking
when he said these things I don't think
there's any dispute about the at least
the thrust of what was said we've heard
from Jim Comey under oath before
Congress and Muller has heard the same
thing presumably from Comey and his team
about what exactly President Trump said
what Bob Miller and his team want to
know is what exactly was going through
trump's head was there some sort of
criminal intent when he said these
things to Jim Comey about Michael Flynn
when he was interacting with others that
are central to this obstruction
investigation unless there is a smoking
gun email that is written by President
Trump that seems to convey his deepest
innermost thoughts that says when I told
Jim Comey to let this Flynn thing go I
was trying to obstruct justice
I don't think the Moller team is going
to be satisfied because that's precisely
what they're looking for they need to go
beyond exactly what was said to
determine exactly what what he was
thinking so a B let me go back to this
whole idea of President Trump and what
he wants and what's likely to happen
here this whole idea that he simply has
to get somebody in a room and he can
convince them of anything where does
that take him in terms of the robert
muller investing well I think what Eli
was laying out is that there's just two
things that is true that he does believe
as you said if it's Kim Jong moon or a
lot of Mir Putin they forget somebody
alone he's gonna get his way he's gonna
convince them of his truth the other
thing is not only does he lie a lot
sometimes he tells the truth like to
your own Lester Holt of NBC News when he
said I was thinking about this Russia
thing I was gonna fire him anyway his
lawyers are afraid not only he might lie
on a single point is that he might just
see people immersed or so the bigger
danger is that he might it just depends
on the minute right and so sometimes he
does reveal himself what net is speaking
to which is so confusing about
obstruction of justice --is it seems to
be in the eye of the beholder I'm not a
lawyer and I can't determine what
ultimately is proof you are trying to
derail a probe and you had corrupt
intent that's up to Muller
but it's what Rudy and and Jay Sekulow
are trying to lay out is that you can't
obstruct by tweeting if you you if
obstruct it has to be in the dark of
night it has to be covert you could
never you're not just doing it on
Twitter that's just you're passing
thoughts that's not an actual act of
criminal obstruction so that's what
they're campaigning against the whole
obstruction idea anyway is that if it's
out in the open it was just fine yeah
speaking of Twitter the president
shockingly tweeted this this is the most
one-sided witch hunt in the history of
our country
fortunately the facts are all coming out
and facts I mean then the truth is we
haven't heard anything from Robert
mullah that has been about as tight in
operation as you can possibly get so
what facts
Mikey be referring to I have no idea you
know he makes up his own facts whenever
he wants but I do think the point that a
bee makes is the most important one I
mean Trump went on national TV on NBC
News and basically to a lot of people
admitted obstruction of justice that he
had the molar probe in mind when he
fired the director of the FBI
so my view has always been that trumps
lawyers will never ever let him sit down
with Robert Muller and testified no
matter what he wants and he may want one
day to clear his name and have this
interview the next day feel nervous
about it and think he's going to you
know trip himself up but I've never
believed that they would allow him to
sit down with Muller and potentially
contradict himself perjure himself go
off on some tangent in which he admits
the things that nobody even knows about
at this point it's just there's way too
much risk involved in that for the
so they are delaying they do want to get
it closer to the midterm elections at
which point he couldn't issue a subpoena
because they'll be in this quiet period
so I think they want to take it to close
to November not get a subpoena fight
until after the midterms and then I
think you would
plasmic legal battle and that is that
how you see this because I mean I think
Muller has what three choices you can
keep negotiation he can stop negotiating
and go on without an interview or he can
issue a subpoena well that's exactly
right I think on the part of Rudy
Giuliani this is classic Rudy in the
sense that he's saying one thing and
doing another thing entirely he and his
team have been saying for months now
some nine months that they want to wrap
this thing up remember this was supposed
to be concluded by Christmas Christmas
of 2017 Christmas of last year we're now
in August but I think they've actually
reached the point where they've
developed a new strategy and their
strategy now is to say they want to get
this wrapped up say they want to get
this over with
but actually to extend it to make it
longer because they have found that it's
actually a winning issue with Trump's
base they can portray this thing as a
witch hunt they can galvanize Trump's
most ardent supporters and actually use
this to bring them out to energize them
to make them think to dupe them into
thinking that the government that's some
sort of a strategy in congressional
races is save the president well it
certainly seems to be a winning issue
for them or at least they think it's one
this is one that I think they actually
want to see continued through the fall
so that they can use this and I do agree
that I think the most likely subpoena
option is likely to come after the
midterms not before I I don't think that
the special prosecutor's office would
risk that cataclysmic constitutional
showdown in the midst of the election
season knowing precisely what Jim Comey
did and precisely how he has been raked
through the coals ever since and I think
rightly so so there was another point
last night Eli that was really
interesting Giuliani appeared to a lot
of folks to be threatening Robert Muller
let's listen to that part of it the real
story here is not that this case isn't
going to fizzle it's going to blow up on
them the real question is what we talked
about before there's a lot more to what
they did they nobody knows about yet and
Muller is gonna have a lot to answer for
what do you make of that that's it's the
typical projection that you hear from
the president the people around him all
the time you know and it's very vague
you'll find out the terrible things they
did I mean you know
had terrible things and to say or
allegations against a special counsel
they would just say them right now but
again this is all sort of again for
public consumption and trying to bias
the public to say to believe that the
probe is somehow out to get the
president and again as Peter said the
special counsels office doesn't comment
on this stuff publicly so you have Rudy
and Jay Sekulow
basically filling the airwaves and
trying to sort of you know respond in a
political way to this legal matter and
that's been their strategy for a long
time hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
