it's not format afford alone there's a
lot of pomatter forts out there across
Washington DC and people right now or
feeding at the public trough ripping off
the American taxpayer breaking all
manner of rules ethics laws and and so
far they haven't been called to account
on it but but what's always been the
case is that corruption has worked as an
issue in political campaigns and that to
be the reform party to be the good
government party to be the clean
government party is a powerful place to
be that's what a former Republican
sounds like political strategist Steve
Schmidt reacting to the current
situation we're watching in Washington
after Republican congressman Chris
Collins was arrested and charged with
insider trading and lying to the
government earlier today the charges
against Collins come as Republicans
trying to figure out a game plan perhaps
leading into the midterms in 90 days
last night's special election in an Ohio
district the Trump won by 11 points
still too close to call as our network
sees it right now Robert Costa the
Washington Post who we had on earlier
tonight puts it this way talking about
all of last night's results many
Republican strategists viewed the
results as a dark omen three months
ahead of election day saying they
illustrate the limits of Trump's ability
to boost candidates particularly in
suburban areas where the president's
popularity has suffered even in
Republican primaries securing Trump's
endorsement was not a guarantee of
electoral success we are so happy
tonight to be joined by both Eugene
Robinson Pulitzer prize-winning
columnist for The Washington Post and a
beast honored veteran Washington
journalist a columnist and associate
editor at Real Clear Politics Eugene
what's happening in the Republican Party
what's happening in the electorate and
is it such a moving target that if I
asked you on Monday your answer could
perhaps be different so but here we are
on Wednesday and we just had some
elections yesterday so you can say the
Republican Party is looking at some
substantial loss
in the midterm election they're looking
down that barrel as in are no more
speaker Ryan certainly could be and I
think you'd say that's likely now you
know likely only lasts for a couple of
days in this era apparently but right
now you'd have to say that that's likely
you know Democrats have to close the
deal right they have then an edge-on and
enthusiasm and you saw that again last
night
clearly they they have made a whole lot
of what should be safe Republican
districts competitive but they gotta
close the deal and one way they could
fail to do that is being complacent
about last night's results you know
Donald Trump went to that bad district
in Ohio and it looks like he might have
brought the Republican alderson across
the finish line right 1,500 votes right
now it's too close to call yeah we can't
wait on the babies ahead by 1500 volts
and and that could have made the
difference of those 1500 votes and you
can't doubt that he boosted GOP
enthusiasm to some degree in in that
district and Democrats should prepare
for that I mean they have to amp it up
to a be our friend Eugene is not
hyperbolic he's a level-headed man who
I've known for a long time and yet I'm
looking at the headline on his column
Trump's rally rhetoric is going to get
somebody killed and sadly there's a good
chance Eugene may be right and you
combine that that speaks to the tone and
tenor of our times with all this
politics we're seeing the question to
you is what our Republicans really
talking about in cloakrooms and
restaurants and homes right what's
interesting is that troy ball derson if
he won and it looks like he did it would
have been because of Trump as Eugene
said and if he lost it would be
so as Trump comes and rallies and his
supporters love all that stuff about the
disgusting fake news and everything he
does really all of that aggressive talk
really riles them up and they enjoy it
so it's a so when you're it when you're
in the house and you're looking to hold
the house and you're at the NRCC the
campaign committee you're looking at the
map you think that's fine for Donald
Trump to go to Senate help Senate
Republicans in state c1 by landslides
margins he can't go to swing districts
in the house that they risk losing and
they need to defend their majority he
he's welcome in safe districts but they
aren't the ones that they need to hold
and those are a moving target too
so that's really right now they're the
safest yeah and that's if you look at
the cook Political Report data that
Republicans are that's making them so
nervous it's that if you lay did a
comparison recently from August of 2006
to November August of 2010 to November
there are more competitive seats this
August and those numbers always grow and
they have no I it's 53 right now and
they have no idea where that's gonna go
November 6 think of the day the
president is having today right he is
campaign chairman continues on trial his
four deputy campaign director is the
star witness star witness it's for
supporter in Congress he is arrested and
indicted and arrested today and there
the election results from last night
which he puts a brave face on but I'm
sure people as explained and this really
isn't that good mr. president so I think
you can anticipate in the next few days
he might be on a Jag you know I think I
think a tweet Stormers don't forget some
where there's an ostrich saying was it
really worth it to kill my brother so
that this guy could have a jacket a B
you're such a nice person you don't
deserve this but I'm gonna read you this
Daily Beast quote anyway multiple
sources with direct knowledge of the
situation tell The Daily Beast that
Omarosa Manigault Newman the infamous
former apprentice star who followed
Trump into the White House secretly
recorded conversations with the
president conversations she has since
leveraged Walsh
upping her forthcoming tell-all book
bluntly titled unhinged a be nice person
level-headed person what does this say
about our time what this says about
President Trump is that he asked for
this
I do not watch The Apprentice but I am
told by people who did that the Omarosa
character was the Viper and you didn't
mess with her you mess with the bull you
get the horns she was not loyal to
anybody she was happy to stir up trouble
and she would turn on you he let her
into the West Wing she had a nebulous
job no one knew what she did she
recorded him if this is true this is
what he not the the danger of Trump and
Omarosa is there not in the reputation
preservation business you get there
unembarrassed before you never watch
you're really good on this side
I don't do reality V okay but think
about the you know think about it though
he brought a reality television into the
White House as a senior advisor think
about this he worked in this building
and received a paycheck from this
company for 14 years Eugene Robinson and
Abie Stoddard thanks terrific
conversation I think she's been sneaking
reality there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
