as Rachel reported in the last hour we
now have tapes of Republican cars from
Devon Nunez telling us what he really
thinks or at least telling Republican
contributors what he thinks they really
want to hear one thing Devon Nunez felt
he had to say to the Republican
contributors gathered in Washington
State to support the candidacy of
Republican cabinet Morris Rogers was
that quote sometimes you love the
president's tweets
sometimes we cringe on the president's
tweets that is something that every
Trump supporter I've ever spoken to in
private admits to cringing at some of
the president's tweets Devon Nunez did
admit that it is criminal to collude
with a foreign country or foreign
nationals in an American campaign but he
seemed to identify a very narrow
definition of criminal conduct because
somebody stole the emails gave them to
Cathy Cathy released them well if that's
the case then that's criminal no one is
saying that that's the case with the
Trump campaign what if what if someone
stole the emails did not give them to
Cathy but gave them to someone else to
release them to benefit Cathy Devin
Nunez and congresswoman Morris Rogers
lied to their contributors just lied to
them when they said that the reason they
were not moving forward quickly with the
impeachment of Deputy Attorney General
Rod Rosenstein in the House of
Representatives is that the Senate would
then have to immediately take up that
impeachment trial after the house voted
to impeach rod Rosenstein and the Senate
trial of Rod Rosen Stein would then
prevent the Senate from confirming the
president's choice for the Supreme Court
Brett Kavanaugh that is in outright
absolute lie the Senate would be under
no timing obligation to take up a bill
of impeachment sent over to the Senate
for trial the house of representatives
will never vote on impeaching rod
Rosenstein and the Senate will never
have an impeachment trial of Rod
Rosenstein but at Republican fundraisers
Republicans like Devin Nunez and cathy
McMorris Rogers will probably continue
to lie to their contributors who are
hoping for an impeachment of Rod
Rosenstein joining our discussion now
Jennifer Rubin a conservative opinion
writer for The Washington Post and an
MSNBC contributor and Jill wine banks is
back with us Jill I wanted to get your
legal reading of the way Devin Nunez
described what he considered criminal
collusion if foreign power were to steal
some emails and give them directly to a
campaign in the
Payne Worthen to directly publicize
those emails for the campaign's benefit
that would be collusion that seems like
a very narrow definition it is a narrow
definition and I also want to say we
aren't using the word collusion anymore
I've started a hashtag say this not that
and we're gonna be calling it criminal
conspiracy to defraud the United States
or criminal conspiracy to violate the
election laws because that's what it is
it's a much broader legal problem for
the Republicans than Devin eNOS
described what he said is true that is
criminal it would be criminal but it's
also criminal if you accept anything of
value from a foreign individual or a
foreign government especially when it
happens to be an enemy of our country
not a friend or ally but you cannot
accept anything even from our closest
allies if it is a foreign person so once
you have a his description was of a
Portuguese was giving something to the
candidate it doesn't matter what country
it is you can't take it anything of
value is barred by our election laws and
so there's a much broader thing and it
doesn't matter whether you publish it or
you knowingly allow someone to publish
it or whether you just send an email
that says I love it especially later in
the summer and then WikiLeaks publishes
it later in the summer Jennifer Rubin
the the the the the notion that the
Senate has to immediately take up bill
of impeachment the last time we saw an
impeachment of at this level was of a
federal judge 1988 in August the house
voted to impeach a federal judge the
Senate did not begin the trial until 14
months later in 1989 and then they did
it part-time a couple of hours here a
couple of hours their Senate business
was never interrupted by that
impeachment it's like all these
Republicans went to the same bad law
school and they never picked up the
Constitution and they know nothing about
their jobs because what they say is
essentially nonsense
Jill is right first of all that's
entirely wrong secondly as Jill was
saying this criminal conspiracy
broader issue and what is illegal is to
also solicit something of value which is
arguably what Donald Trump jr. was doing
when he said I love it so really all of
their legal beeswax is nonsense I will
say this I think it's a big political
embarrassment once again for Paul Ryan
who has left an unserious irresponsible
person in Devin Nunez in a very
important job as head of the House
Intelligence Committee and now we have
cathy McMorris Rodgers who is the number
four person doing very badly by the way
in her primary who is sitting there like
a lump of the log as this guy goes on
waxing about how his primary job is to
protect the president not to do his job
these people look like Stooges they look
like they have indulged a character like
Devin Nunez and they haven't done their
job and if there's ever a better reason
to get rid of Paul Ryan's party it's
this they exercise no responsibility
it's always about the party always about
protecting the president never about
doing their constitutional obligation so
my takeaway from this is primarily
political that these people really are
irredeemable and if you want an
effective constitutional check on the
president the United States you're gonna
have to change parties well that is
exactly what they seem to be worried I
want to play one more part of this where
Devin Nunez says were the only ones it
sounds to me like he's saying you've got
to elect two Republicans or we're going
to have an impeachment of the president
let's listen to this
Gillette sounded to me like if we don't
keep the majority the president gets
impeached well it sounds to me like if
we don't keep the majority the truth
will come out and we will know what's
happening and that's what he's worried
about and what I think Americans should
want to happen we want to know the truth
and we see the truth it's right in front
of our eyes so when our Republicans
gonna realize that when they give
speeches in fundraisers they're being
recorded tonight I think tonight is when
they're gonna realize that we're gonna
have to take a break in here Jennifer
Rubin Jill wine banks I think the
Republicans might just figure that out
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
