joining us now is actor Daniel Radcliffe
who co-stars in the new Broadway play
the lifespan of a fact it's based on the
true story of an essay written about the
suicide of a Las Vegas teenager a
determined young fact-checker assigned
to fact-check the piece and the
seven-year debate it ignited it's great
to have you on the show this morning
thank you so Willie and I are kind of
confused why because I you know I sort
of given up NFL football for English
Premier League Soccer he's gone the
other way he's all into you're all about
the NFL yeah it's really it does it yeah
I think I slow it I still follow English
football a bit but not with nearly the
sort of ferocity that I do American
football I just I don't know why I got
when I was doing a musical over here
actually a few years ago someone
introduced me into the world of like NFL
fantasy right and so I went to the
league yeah and then that was just like
one of which I run who's your first pick
first pick this year was I had the 13th
pick in so I had Devonta Freeman which I
was pretty happy with that works it
didn't go great for me last week but you
know I'm gonna persevere you're a Giants
fan I'm a Giants fan yeah I'm sorry
because well let's understand you I'm
glad that I confuse you I've spent a lot
of time in New York and in America and I
do like I love it here and I love a lot
of things about the culture and football
is definitely a massive part of the
culture over here it really is so the
lifespan of a fact hmm really couldn't
be more timely yeah tell us tell us
about the play and why you decided to
get involved yes so the play itself as
you said in the intro the the in the
reality there was a young man who
committed suicide and and an essay was
written about that and to a guy was sent
to fact-check that essay as it before
was published in a magazine and I play
that fax checker who is sent
you check the work of an author who is
not normally used to being held of
heltah journalistic standards of
accuracy and might use poetic license or
you know use a word that is more lyrical
but actually a lot less true or
factually accurate to my mind and so
it's about the debate between us and
about the you know why why although
facts can be a lot drier sounding and
less salacious why they have to be as my
character says at one point the final
measure of what is true and so yeah
though we're not talking about Trump or
you know fake news or carry on Conway or
any of those things it you can't mention
the words fact and truth now without it
seeming political some way so we're sort
of having the debate without it being
overtly a political play yeah you've
done so much on Broadway and I'm always
interested by the choices you may what
what was it about this one that drew you
in it partially like the debate that was
going on at the center of it I felt was
really interesting in neurons and
something I hadn't thought about that
much not or not in those terms and yeah
I just and it was also I should say it's
a comedy and it's very funny and the
dialogues very very snappy and and great
so that was part of it and I wanted to
do a new play for a long time this isn't
the main reason that I did it but I will
say that you know when you get a copy of
a play and it says at the beginning like
first performed by so-and-so and
so-and-so at this place on this date I'd
always kind of gone like oh I want to
have that one day so with this one I'll
guess the first time you've done that it
first time I've done a new play yeah
but the sacrifice for you personally
it's going to be great performances
every Sunday performances every Sunday
and that means no football it is shows
about one and a half hours long maybe a
little bit more with no intermission and
and so you know I could probably see
quite a lot of the four o'clock games so
we're so winning it
we go there and I turn doesn't seem like
it's rushing this impose is near the end
of the play which are supposed to be a
certain length of time and me Bobby
already being like we can cut them where
do you get out of doing Broadway wait
why is that for you as an artist why is
that important I think doing doing
theatre in general as an actor there's
something you know actors are all like
neurotic and insecure in some ways and
and and I think there's something that
gives you an amazing about confidence
about doing theatre and being able to do
being able to do your job without an
editor or without you know director
there every night or every moment to
guide you through it you know there's
something kind of reassuring that you
can do it under those circumstances and
it's you know it's scary and terrifying
like I'm sure I mean you guys do a live
show every day so it's probably not as
terrifying we actually we're waking up
we wake up in about three minutes I
would be yeah you know I did how are you
all so calm terrifying yes but it is
yeah I just I there's a huge rush to it
who inspires you who work inspires
people like some of the people I work
with every inspire me actually honestly
I'm not the Saints the two actors I'm
working with currently are just amazing
human beings as well as being great
actors and those are the people that
generally do like imelda staunton who's
in Potter David Thewlis I mean all these
people that were just like that taught
me you could be both an incredibly
intense good actor but also enjoy your
job and be nice to people and like you
know though that those were the people
that I sort of got Wars always drawn you
can do that I like
Oh to Joe down here flip-flop they don't
have a memo here's the dill
so I'm trying to get off of this which
my answer okay
exactly passionately trying to move to
this because I think this makes us all
right for him he's such a good in the
transition you're doing both folks okay
I agree I did I did I did a play called
privacy here a couple years ago which
also terrified me about my phone so I I
do agree with with the aspiration right
method unfortunately it is an aspiration
so is there an actor following up on
Micah's question is there an actor that
you just see doing things and you just
hey you're like cuz they're so good
you're like damn I wish I could do that
oh one of them I one of my very good
friends is not somebody that I hate but
so like I do I have somebody that I had
a moment of going like mad seriously I
can't I don't think I should tell you is
just in case he gets it but like I said
to him one day I was like you know what
describing like you when you get nervous
before like a big scene or something he
was just like no not really because I
was like you never get those look nice
no that would be amazing I fight with
friends of crystal walk and I would be
telling you that
and not play I would be a lazy parent so
let me ask you this Oh Willie's kids are
younger than mine and I always tell them
hey you need you know get your kids to
watch Star Wars you need to get your
kids to watch whatever my kids then I
saw all the trilogy but we were talking
off camera I've seen every Harry Potter
now 47 times except for the third one
the prisoner has been which I've seen
eight thousand two hundred more times
and I've had to see The Lion King so
have you have you kids we just had the
20th anniversary of the first book yeah
and now you have a generation my son's
nine so he wasn't around when the books
were first friends but kids are again
being raised on these books and they
raced through the books and then they
raced through the movies what does that
like for you to have kids who weren't
born when the first one came out coming
up to you and saying my gosh you've
changed my life you taught me to read
you taught me to dream you're travelling
to imagine it's bizarre because you
always have a moment of being like well
how did you see them oh yeah they've got
on DVD you do have I always have this
sort of strange it is very strange but
it's also like genuinely lovely you know
when somebody comes up and says like you
were huge part of my childhood like
there are things that I was a huge part
of my childhood like and for me the
Simpsons was a massive thing and like
the idea that I can occupy a similar
place in someone else's life it's just
so crazy and wonderful and yeah it's I'm
always say like I'm incredibly lucky to
have you know to got famous or couple
thing with Harry Potter lets through
that because it is a generally like the
loved thing yeah it's funny because
there was a young girl here as you were
coming and she was so excited to meet
you yeah
I don't you know why because when I met
the Brady Bunch and they had all grown
up I was like just this is this is a
very busy she doesn't want to see you
bro no she's not to remember you as a
child do you have a thing sometimes I
meet kids now and like their parents
will talk to me and it's not crying so
my god that's like disbelieving their
parents they'll just be like hey this is
Harry Potter in the kids to be like
alright the new play the lifespan of a
fact is playing at Studio 54 we want to
go see it Daniel Radcliffe thank you
very much for being on the show this
morning thank you Jason
we'll be right back with much more
morning job thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
