the endless cascade of scandals the
Trump era makes it hard for all of us
covering it to stay focused on any one
particular scandal at any moment or to
manage it on a day-to-day basis one
place that is doing an amazing job and
has become must watch television is Late
Night with Seth Meyers and a closer look
is one of the best bits political
commentary anywhere on TV and they too
are following the metaphor trial that is
the president's deputy campaign manager
saying yes I committed crimes
Republicans what more do you need before
you start taking this seriously
trumpets show up to a rally in a black
mask holding a giant bag of cash and
Republicans would say maybe he just went
skiing on free money Mountain joining me
now is that individual Seth Meyers a
host of Late Night with Seth Meyers
great to see you so happy to be here
building buddies
yes we're building buddies yeah so the
closer look is this great sort of it's
sometimes quite long yes I mean for
television right like it's this great
bit of these sort of take news and
headlines and jokes and you put them
together like how does it how does that
come together how do you make that
because as a fellow television person it
seems like a hard time scale to make
something that good
well our head rather it's a genteel who
you know and he not only we have a guy
who's posing as an improv comedy
background and a news background and so
he is this rare hybrid of somebody who
can sit down every day and start piecing
together what we think is going to be
the story that we're going to want to
talk about when taping rolls around and
he's just done an exceptional job of
giving us a first draft that then we can
try to add jokes and more importantly
just leaves the infrastructure to add
stories as they happen because today is
another perfect example of the Chris
Collins thing wasn't something we
thought we talked about last night and
then it happens this afternoon and I
have to say like this sounds slightly
sticky but I'll say anyway it is the
case that many of the headlines feel
like setups for jokes yes even as a
person who's not a comedy writer like
Chris Collins this making me committing
securities fraud on the White House lawn
and caught on camera Collins wasn't if
you did ask me this morning who's this
story gonna be about today if you do
listen I'm good people you would
surely the indictment will be one of the
corrupt people we've met so far and then
there's this we they keep adding
characters to a drama that does not need
any subtracting yes that's fine yeah but
it was amazing because you know I'm not
a financial expert and when you hear
there's a you know an indictment and you
know the security exchange people are
involved today was so crazy because when
they took out the flowchart of how it
happened it was the easiest to follow
the flow chart it was only two rows it
was just there's a congressman and then
there were like seven other people and
that was the end of the flow chart it
was the flow chart they show kids to
teach them how flow charts work flow
chart it's like also the like don't do
that that's the other part of this is
when we've watched people in this orbit
of the president commit crimes or
allegedly commit crimes it has not been
like incredibly sneaky stuff right it's
it's been pretty like in broad daylight
kind of activity it's never that scene
from a movie where the detective has the
yarn going a hundred different ways it's
just one place a yard it's just here's
the bank and here's an illegal activity
and it's just one piece of year and
that's where you get rickets on the
stand I mean that was a really amazing
moment mean the presidents of presidents
deputy campaign manager he says yeah
that guy sitting over there the campaign
manager we did crimes together yeah
there's something really sweet about
saying it that way
I feel like we big crimes together is
that's like what I thought it body and
crime body and Clyde that could have
been the pose that was the way that he
did behinds together do you think how do
you think about this sort of intentional
thing right there's this this question
like we saw it with Scott Pruett which
was a scandal that we stayed on
sometimes like almost in spite of
ourselves like it'd be like oh there's
another Scott Pruett we have to do that
like it is so hard that it is the case
that the newest thing will wash out the
old thing right yeah and we've that's
why we started as sort of a companion
piece to a closer look we have a new
thing called the check-in which is once
a week to just sort of say hey while
this is all been happening here
what Betsy DeVos has been doing here's
what Scott Pruitt's Replacements been
doing because they think there's a sense
of Oh Scott Pruitt's gone so now that's
back to a normal agency which of course
it's not because it's somebody who's
just more effective at doing what Scott
Perry was doing without 15 scandals
every day so it's hard to you know as
you know you got a limited amount of
real estate every week and you want to
talk about what's happening you want to
talk what matters but it's crazy how
much oxygens gets taken up with breaking
news every day do you did you find like
how did you find your way to the
audience this cultural moment this
political moment is a cultural I mean
people want to talk about politics yeah
I mean it's remarkable that agreed it's
like did you know that going into this
did you find this how do you discover
that fact I mean I think we all
discovered it the same way which is when
this campaign started and well from my
time at SNL anytime there's a especially
a presidential election where there's no
incumbent and so you sort of have big
fields on both sides and a lot of
personalities it's a really fun thing to
write about whether you're a late-night
talk-show whether you're Saturday Night
Live so that started for all of us and
you know that was the carnival that I
think we all thought would eventually
leave town like carnivals do and then it
was just over a permanent carnival so we
I think we just learned during the
campaign right get ready for this but
then it also got there's also like a
seriousness to it too right I mean that
I think is the challenge that you guys
have like writing jokes about like
family separation yeah I mean you try to
you know button it and I think that's
again speaks to sell strength which is
you know you want to have an arc and you
want to have a thesis and you want to
have as many jokes as possible and we do
it in front of a test audience earlier
in the day and what do ya we do and so
when there's things that we don't we
can't find any purchase comedic ly we
try to let go of it but we do you know
we do have a beginning middle and end
and if we set up a thesis and try to
hammer at home at the end hopefully we
make a point of like hey this matters
what's happening right now is serious
you have a test audience yeah well we
decided like an obvious thing there's
that true and late night that I don't
know I don't know how many people do it
I know they do it a Jimmy as well at The
Tonight Show but we and we just gather
up people from the building we fully go
down to the NBC experience store and say
do you want to see a rehearsal of a
really commercial yeah and we get about
40 people it's crazy though because a
lot of them are tourists and so you have
to
you say well I gotta be honest the Scott
Pruett stuff went over like a lead
balloon but most of those people were
from Norway so it was it was not
scanning yeah do you think do you here's
here's the question I have it always
feels like it's getting more intense
like there III have this thing of the
staffel as like try to ban adverbs like
the president finds himself increasingly
acts like it's been increasingly that
for since he came on the scene do you
have that feeling that we're hurtling
towards something so no because like you
say I feel like that has also been this
feeling from the beginning of hurdling
there's been well I we've been talking
about just every night saying hey this
is what we were freaking out about a
year ago just to look back at how quaint
it was you know we did a whole closer
look about him fudging the facts on the
carrier air conditioning plant that was
a thing that seemed like a real thing
right because each at that point it was
like you don't just like lie like that
in public
yeah here you and now you think him
lying about Heating and Cooling
companies that was the dream the show
has been fantastic
thanks about doing great work shed
outsell genteel and also Henry Miller
who I also taught everything he knows
you we liked the tree that worked for me
that are there thanks for coming by
always play Z buddy come back soon
absolutely hey there are chris hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
