if you live like a reality show and you
govern like a reality show you have to
be prepared for your reality shows staff
to go full reality show on you The Daily
Beast now reporting the infamous former
apprentice star and White House aide
Omarosa secretly recorded conversations
with Trump wall at the White House
conversations she has according to the
report played for people while pushing
her own new tell-all book called quote
unhinged this echoes a promise she did
make the day after being ousted as the
only African American woman in this
White House as a senior staff and
assistant to the president I have seen
things that had made me uncomfortable
that have upset me that have affected me
deeply and emotionally that has affected
my community and my people and what I
can tell my story it is a profound story
that I know the world will want to hear
everybody wants to hear this story and
she has been slowly teasing it out she
went on Celebrity Big Brother and
described a kind of a haunted feeling in
the White House like I was a haunted my
tweets every single day like what is he
gonna do
should we be worried
don't say that should we be worried the
question is should we be whispering
anyway this isn't the first time we have
heard about secret audio tapes Michael
Cohen a famously taped the president
we've even heard some of those already
leaked you never know where that company
you never know what he's gonna get
correct
so I'm all over that and I spoke to Alan
about it when it comes time for the
financing which will be this is a big
scoop and the person who wrote the scoop
Daily Beast Lachlan Marky is on the beat
mike lupica back with us as well Lachlan
what do you see as the significance of
this story well we spoke to three
sources one of whom has actually heard
one of these recordings two of them who
have have had have had the contents
described to them the way it was
described to us it's nothing quite so
incriminating as the Michael Cohen
recordings but I think it does point to
a major breach of trust by someone who
was very close to the president very
close to the first family and really
tells everyone that she meets about how
much the president trusts her and you
know the President did like her and he
was she was very close to that sort of
inner circle of aides and family members
so for her to be secretly recording
conversations with the president points
to a major breakdown in trust and now
that she's marketing a book suggests
that she's sort of had her eye towards
those post White House plans for quite
some time yeah and another clear
implication is that if you're recording
the president you're talking to the
president and that would appear to
contradict the cover story they gave
which has been a familiar to many
departing aides who the White House has
tried to play down their actual role
take a look
Omarosa was fired three times on the
apprentice and this is the fourth time
we let her go she had limited contact
with the president while here
she has no contact now that word limited
contact as you know most people who work
in an administration have literally zero
conversations with the president these
tapes would suggest that she had more
contact in the White House let on
I do think she had less contact then she
felt she was entitled to given her long
history with the president and in fact
that's what really led to her downfall
at the White House was this this scene
where she as it was described to us
stormed the White House residence in an
attempt to confront the president about
aides that she felt were undermining her
and shutting her out and there was a
concerted effort by chief of staff John
Kelly to really limit access to the
president in the Oval Office so I think
she probably had a lot more access early
on in the White House saw that diminish
that really upset her and it ended with
her being escorted off the White House
grounds for trying to literally confront
and call out the president for that Mike
you saw the important reporting that we
garnered from Celebrity Big Brother in
the introduction of the segment and I
want to play for you some earlier
Omarosa because it's not like any of
this couldn't have been predicted when
it goes to Donald Trump's judgement
about who he wants to let in run the
government be paid by our tax dollars
and have access to all sorts of private
interactions this is a person who has
prided herself and mr. Trump on settling
scores take a look every critic every
detractor will have to bow down to
President Trump it's everyone who's ever
doubted Donald who ever disagreed who
ever challenged him it is the ultimate
revenge to become the most powerful man
in the universe to state the obvious
which is part of my job these days Mike
being entrusted with the nuclear codes
and leading the United States as an act
of Public Service is not supposed to be
chiefly thought of as a chance for
personal revenge he sure can't pick him
candy anyone where does he find these
people he's obsessed with building a
wall he needs to build one around the
Oval Office because re how far are we
from people getting patted down before
they go in and sit down across the desk
from him yeah and so you do you think
there's something here Mike that's
larger than Omarosa and all of the
attendant drama in her book you know
Brooke promotion and the rest yeah I
think
I think they don't trust him and and we
constantly hear how the most important
thing to this president is loyalty okay
but do you tell me where we can find it
these days Coen morosa and I don't think
these are the last times we're gonna
hear about people taping this guy I
think eventually there's going to be a
conga line of people coming forward to
say no no listen to mine first
Lachlan how do you go about reporting
something like this out and making sure
that as I've alluded to and it applies
to us as well we're not just promoting
her book I mean what do you think here
is significant for the type of decisions
Ahnold Trump is made and also when when
you go into this what has been described
by others and even a lot of serious
people as a really tense environment in
the White House where everyone is
lawyered up and worried about tapes we
still have a government that needs to be
staffed and run do you see an
implication here for the quality and the
type of people who are brought into this
White House well I think from the very
beginning there's been a sense of sort
of a lack of solidarity whether it was
between the the very sort of camps that
that split into opposing factions from
very early on to folks sort of accusing
each other of leaking as a way of
settling personal scores or getting in
the president's good graces and in fact
we got an advance copy of an excerpt of
Omarosa book in which she recalls
basically assembling a list of alleged
leakers at Ivanka Trump's request that
then communications director Anthony
scaramouche II would then be tasked with
going out and firing one of them
actually was fired but I think sort of
the larger narrative in that excerpt and
also of you know the this larger story
of Omarosa recording these conversations
is just a total lack of trust between
the people who work in the White House
and it's very difficult to form coherent
policy or coherent messaging when nobody
trusts each other all the way up to the
president and his tightest inner circle
of AIDS yeah I think that's well put and
again that goes to who's in charge in
their obsession with leaks and media and
granted we are part of the Fourth Estate
and covering things but their obsession
with it above and apart from all other
obligations as a federal employee and a
White House staffer is
is really notable when it comes on a day
when the other folks the lawyers are
doing their own radio tour instead of
their work it's it's a remarkable
situation that shouldn't be completely
normalized even though it is a daily
thing hey I'm already Melbourne from
MSNBC you can see more of our videos
right here or better yet subscribe to
our You Tube channel below you could
have been anywhere in the world that
you're here with us and we appreciate
that
