Donald Trump's lawyers this afternoon
rejected special counsel Robert Miller's
latest offer for an interview Jay
Sekulow one of the president's lawyers
confirmed that a letter had been sent
and rudy guiliani added what sounded
like a threat saying in a statement
quote millions of pages of documents
along with testimony from dozens of
witnesses have been provided we're
restating what we have been saying for
months it is time for the office of the
special counsel to conclude its inquiry
without further delay a source close to
Giuliani and mr. chunk tells me today of
the president's legal strategy legal
team strategy quote both sides are being
played the special counsels office and
the president there won't ever be a
presidential interview the New York
Times reports on the 8 month long back
and forth over the elusive presidential
interview writing quote the negotiations
have dragged on in part because the
president's lawyers are concerned that
if he is interviewed mr. Trump could
perjure himself they had been prepared
last week to tell mr. Muller that mr.
Trump would decline an interview but the
president who believes he can convince
mr. Muller that he is innocent pushed
his lawyers to continue negotiating it's
the rare instance in which Robert Muller
and Donald Trump want the very same
thing which is striking especially in
light of new reporting we brought you
earlier this week from the source close
to the Trump legal effort who tells us
that there are serious concerns that the
President may have already engaged in
conduct that leaves him vulnerable to
charges of witness tampering and
obstruction of justice joining us to
discuss the day's developments some of
our favorite reporters and friends
Daniel Goldman is a former assistant US
attorney for the Southern District of
New York now an MSNBC contributor
Heilmann is back he's an NBC and MSNBC
national affairs analyst McDonald I gave
you one day away some day you'll thank
me
yeah we'll talk about that later Daily
Beast's politics inner Sam's died this
year and my friend Steve Schmidt's also
here we can get we're gonna boil you
down to one name to take us through the
significance of this sort of I think
it's just a sideshow I mean people have
told me that from Emmett flood to dawn
began to Rudy Guiliani to everyone who
is now departed the president's team no
one thinks the president can survive an
interview with the special counsel the
president can survive Twitter I mean
every tweet has you know a Mis statement
or a lie so they're absolutely right to
be concerned that if the president were
to go into an interview with incredibly
well-prepared prosecutors who have not
just the president's tweets in his own
statements but as Rudy Giuliani
correctly pointed out millions of
documents testimony from dozens of
witnesses they know the backstory much
better than any of us sitting here know
it and when they questioned Donald Trump
he would lie within the first 30 seconds
because it's just he believes that what
he says is true and the problem is when
you're dealing with them in federal
investigation there are objective facts
it's not a subjective belief and so I
think what's really going on here is
that this is an effort by his lawyers
and I don't know how much he's
implicated in this or not to set up a
situation where they can say to the
American public we wanted to it's not
our fault
but it's Bob Muller's fault he's being
unreasonable because it's ruled out
they've ruled out questions about
obstruction of justice questions about
collusion and questions that could lead
Trump to lie I guess about obstruction
or collision I mean that's really all
that they're investing what is that this
is the special counsel is investigating
Russian meddling and whether or not
anyone the Trump campaign colluded or
conspired with the Russians and whether
or not in the in the process of
attacking the the the investigation and
trying to fire Jeff Sessions is sitting
Attorney General trying to fire rod
Rosenstein trying to you impede the
investigation whether the president has
obstructed justice it was other than
their golf games what else will you talk
about yeah and that's part of the reason
why it's a sideshow but let's step back
for a second this is an active ongoing
legitimate investigation no matter what
the president says the President of the
United States is a subject of that
investigation or at a minimum he it's
related to his campaign what world are
we living in where the President of the
United States will not sit down for a
legitimate interview as part of an
investigation that's shocking every
government official that's involved in
an investigation sits down and tells it
or they resign our old boss george w
bush and and the vice president dick
cheney sat for an interview with Pat
Fitzgerald who was investigating Special
Counsel investigation into the leaking
of Valerie Plame's name and and you're
right I mean I guess Bill Clinton had to
be subpoenaed
before he testified but the idea that
they're going to sidestep the Special
Counsel investigation into the
president's campaign because they're
afraid the president would lie is sort
of another trumpian reveal and it
doesn't seem to be particularly legally
compelling as grounds to avoid being
interviewed by the special counsel in
all of this look at the end of the day
every statement that this White House
that this president senior members of
the administration the campaign have
made about what went on in the campaign
about James commis firing it's all been
lies and so that's what the
vulnerability here is is that the
special counsel as was pointed out they
have a good sense knowing much more than
we do here what exactly it is that
happened or didn't happen and I think
that Trump knows and those facts are not
compelling in his favor probably and Don
let someone involved the former senior
justices foreign official very
well-versed and having been in the room
for special counsel interviews with with
subjects and witnesses said that what it
would look like would be that Robert
Miller may be in the room that would
probably be one of his deputies involved
as well in the questioning and there
there could be stacks of binders there
with the testimony of perhaps his White
House Counsel the testimony perhaps of
his sitting attorney general and and the
idea that it's a perjury trapped no one
traps you into lying I mean all to avoid
the perjury
all you have to do is tell the truth but
Rudy and Jay seem to be saying that he's
incapable of that yeah well yeah yes
they've been saying that over and over
again just just to go back to that dad
because I guess relevant to this
question but first of all I think the
president sometimes believes things he's
saying when he when he says things
they're not true
other times the president knows full
well things are not sure when he's lying
he's lying with with conscious
forethought I wipe oints you to his year
long years long campaign about how
Barack Obama was born in Kenya the
president knew that was a lie
he any lied anyway for political gain
Bill pling did not have to be subpoenaed
and it's important that he didn't
because he was threatened with the
subpoena in order to avoid the subpoena
cuz it's not been tested the question of
whether or not a sitting president can
be subpoenaed so it's that's bitch it's
relevant to this matters now because it
is a sideshow what Rudy is saying it's a
sideshow what Jay Sekulow saying
sideshow what Donald Trump is saying
about whether he is they're negotiating
not negotiate doesn't really want
testified he's not when testify what's
not a sideshow is the special counsels
posture and all of this when his Bob
Muller's posture in this because as he
goes through the motions of watching
them do this sideshow he is putting
himself in a position where he can say
we have given them every opportunity we
have been open to negotiations we've had
we've been willing to to do to put some
things in writing
to limit the scope I want to be in a
position where we've given them every
opportunity to be reasonable and now
when I make the move if he does make the
move to subpoena the president United
States this will not have been a
sideshow for him because he's playing a
very serious game and this is where it's
going to come to is the question of does
Bob Muller decide that it is imperative
that he's they monthly must get Donald
Trump in front of a grand jury and get
questions answered and if it is
imperative to the point where it's
willing to delay whether it's worthwhile
to delay the investigation have it take
additional months and maybe lose in
court because we don't know what the
Supreme Court would say on this matter
that's where we're going and and that's
why although there's a lot of this
that's comical and stupid in the end a
very serious thing is happening here and
enough to quibble this way and and what
I agree with everything John said and
what what Trump is relying on is Jay
Sekulow and Rudy Giuliani telling him
that Bob Muller won't take that step and
I have been counseled over and over
again from people who are still in
contact with Robert Muller Barbara
Miller doesn't leak about this
investigation with her people who worked
alongside him during his what 13 years
is FBI director Democratic and
Republican veterans of the Justice
Department and FBI who say that Bob
Miller wouldn't tell his mother what he
was going to do so the idea that they've
given the president the reassurance that
he won't do that he yeah III think the
New York Times reports today that
they've told the president that Bob
Muller wouldn't want to risk losing in
court
Trump's lawyers this year mr. Miller
threatened to subpoena the president he
didn't sit for a voluntary interview law
enforcement officials who work with mr.
Muller a longtime federal prosecutor and
head of the FBI from 2001 to 2013
believe people try to use every tool he
has to get the present answer questions
and then he will probably subpoena him
if he does not agree we crushed it
didn't voluntarily that's those are the
kinds of people who worked alongside him
the president's lawyers have tried to
reassure the president that he wouldn't
take that step that seems like a
dangerous calculation yeah well how does
one follow Pele how does one passes back
the balance of your time to Steve
Schmidt
I would say there's a in addition to all
this I feel like there's a kind of mass
game happening here in which the
president's legal team are trying to get
mullah to show some cards so you say no
I'm not gonna sit down for those
questions but send me some written ones
you know or I'm not gonna talk about my
shins that they have to have this to
have broad strokes we know what we know
their descriptions but I think they
would like to try to tease out a little
bit more specific so they can get
prepped in advance I also think maybe
this is cynical of me they know the
areas they want to know what they have
tried yes and I think that's what
they're trying to do here is get them to
tell a little bit more I also think and
this is a little cynical that they're
trying to push this after the elections
and they firmly believe that Moeller
will respect this protocol which says
you don't make huge announcements or
deliver reports until before 108th
before election or so something like
that and they think if they can get
within that window then maybe they will
avoid some sort of political catastrophe
that will come if this report were
released before then so there are other
sort of micro calculations that are
happening here but in the end the big
one is will Muller use a subpoena and
they will test that theory I believe if
they have to and you know we'll see
where it goes but it
having overcome enough hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
