lively journey that brought me here
tonight began many miles from this
podium my family's story isn't special
what's special is the America that makes
our story possible ours is a nation like
no other
a place where great journeys can be made
in a single generation no matter who you
are or where you come from the path is
always forward then mayor of San Antonio
who Leon Castro first grabbed the
country's attention with his keynote
speech at the 2012 Democratic National
Convention he went on to serve as
President Obama's Secretary of Housing
and Urban Development Castro is
considered a rising star in the
Democratic Party and a potential
candidate for president in 2020 he's out
with a new memoir that traces his roots
from a family of immigrants through his
rise to political prominence it's titled
an unlikely journey waking up from my
American dream and who Leon Castro joins
us now mr. mayor good to see you
great to be here so you've said
previously we'll just get this out of
the way that it's likely you are going
to run for president in 2020 do you want
to say for sure this morning well I'd
love to make news with y'all but you
know I've been very straightforward with
folks I've said that I've been seriously
considering running in 2020 for a while
and during these last few months I've
had the opportunity to get around the
country supporting candidates who are on
the ballot in 2018 because we have an
election in two in 19 days and during
that time I've gotten a sense of of what
folks are thinking the mood of the
country there's still two things though
that I need to do my wife in America and
I have of course talked about the
possibility of me running but we haven't
had the kind of step back long
conversation that you have for a
decision like that and then secondly I
want to see what happens on November 6
because I really do believe that these
elections set the mood for the next
couple of years and I want to get a
sense of that whatever happens on
November 6th Oh Donald Trump will be
president United States and likely on
the on the ballot in 2020 as a Democrat
who might sit across the stage from him
what do you see in his administer
that you'd like to take on what don't I
see that I'd like to what specifically
Wow thank you first of all I think let's
take on probably his strongest argument
it's gonna be about the economy I mean
he's like a guy who got the ball on the
2 yard line and and got it over the goal
and now it's claiming that he did the
whole Drive
basically when Barack Obama took office
we were losing more than 700,000 jobs a
month and he got the unemployment rate
down below 5% he did a tremendous job
more than 6 years worth of
month-to-month positive job growth and
now Donald Trump is basically taking
credit for that don't all politicians do
that wouldn't you be doing the same if
he had an unemployment number where it
is and the Dow where it is right now
wouldn't you be saying the same thing
well here's the thing what he has done
along with the Republican majority in
Congress the passing tax cuts that
overwhelmingly benefit wealthy
corporations and wealthy individuals
that is actually hurting America we saw
that the deficit is ballooning I believe
that folks are gonna feel the effect of
those tax cuts especially in certain
states in the coming years so when we
get to 2020 the picture may be different
from what it looks like right now Joe
has a question for mr. mayor mr.
secretary let's talk about this election
November 6 will give to 2020 like you
said after November the 6th but in Texas
Democrat hasn't won statewide there
since Karl Rove and George W Bush set up
shop a lot of people thought Wendy Davis
had a shot it end up that race wasn't
even close what about Bay though what do
you think his chances are I think that
he has the best chance since anybody in
25 years he has run clearly the
strongest campaign that anybody has run
in Texas in a long time as you know he's
out race Ted Cruz he has all the
momentum in this race he had a good
debate the other night and so I believe
that he has a shot I believe that this
is one of those situations that we may
wake up on November 7th
and where the dam just broke where it
didn't seem to make sense from the
numbers coming in but something happened
you know there was an analysis a few
days ago that that looked at the race if
6% of Republicans switched over to vote
for Bethel and it found that that even
at 6% it wasn't enough to get him over
the top yeah I have a feeling that it
could be that defection rate could be
greater than 6% among Republicans in
Texas from Ted Cruz We certainly have a
long way to go there have been some
conservative commentators suggesting
that it's over they sent an awful lot
like a lot of commentators saying three
weeks out Donald Trump wasn't going to
win and bado is changing his brand a
little bit getting a little tougher
let's run an ad that he has up on air
right now Ted Cruz has voted to take
away health care from millions of
American families he's tried repeatedly
to roll back protections for
pre-existing conditions at a time when
nearly half of the school teachers in
Texas are working a second job just to
make ends meet
Ted Cruz wants to take our public tax
dollars out of their classrooms turn him
into vouchers he's vowed to deport every
single dreamer he's selling paranoia in
fear instead of solutions now he's got
38 million dollars to run those ads
between now and Election Day there are
19 days left should he keep that that
tough tone oh I think so I think he
should you know I think it's politics
101 that if you're taking on the
incumbent that you need to distinguish
yourself from that incumbent and the
thing is Jo is you know I mean Ted Cruz
is very easy to distinguish from Beth or
Roarke I believe that those are the
kinds of ads that are gonna make that
contrast sharper and also help rally
what is already an energized base in
Texas to turnout and and you know people
can believe in the
vision that Bethel Rourke is painting
for the future of Texas which is a very
inclusive one it's also very different
from Ted Cruz and I'm glad that Bethel
is is airing those ads so you know Mike
Barnicle uh there there's some people
that would say ah bata needs to just
stay completely positive and not talk
about the differences between him and
Ted Cruz actually seems to me whether
you're a rough Republican or a Democrat
you need to talk about the issues you
need to talk about how you're different
then your opponent it seems to me those
bado ads align up the differences
perfectly and if by the way there are a
lot of people in Texas it may want to
deport all dreamers fine you got Ted
Cruz to vote for if you think though
that's an inhumane policy and goes
against what the American Dream is all
about
well then maybe Bay does your guy don't
you think you should stick with that
sort of tough message over the next 19
days well yeah I mean Beto mentioned one
of the key words in this election cycle
not just in Texas I think both
throughout the country and that word is
fear mr. secretary
fear given the culture that we're all a
part of given the politics of the of the
specific era today's politics led by the
president knighted States going around
the country with the specific intent of
dividing us rather than uniting us in
your state we have 13,000 at least
13,000 children who have been kidnapped
in effect and are living in refugee
camps for lack of a better phrase along
the border people who look exactly like
you what do you do to heal this division
well I you know one of the things that
has heartened me has been people of
different backgrounds who don't look
like me
and don't look like those children who
have come to their defense and have
shown
the heart and the compassion of this
country as parents as Grandparents as
folks at a human level who understand
that that's not who we ought to be not
just as Americans but as people and the
best thing that folks can do is if they
disagree with that as as Joe mentioned
is to go vote on November 6 and you know
we have an administration that has not
been held to account by Congress we have
an opportunity to change that in 19 days
but so how do you specifically in
speaking to people I mean you're in the
verge of maybe announcing your candidacy
from the presidency how do you
specifically take the them and the other
that you know is referenced all the time
out of the equation how do you address
that well I think that that one of the
ways I address it is to talk about our
shared history in this country as a
nation of immigrants it doesn't matter
what the color of your skin is you know
most of us came from somewhere else and
that still has a resonance in this
country you mentioned the word fear
Donald Trump if there's one thing that
he's been good at in politics it's been
using fear and the fear of a changing
demographic in this country for
political purposes but there are also a
lot of people out there with good hearts
that don't buy that and they need to be
you know drawn out as well I think we
need the voices of people that are
trying to unite folks and draw that out
of people as well and I do that by
telling my family's story by speaking to
the stories of other people whose
families may have come from Ireland or
come from Germany or come from wherever
because I do think that that still has
resonance and that story is in the new
book an unlikely journey Julian Castro
after you have that a big conversation
with your wife will you come back and
tell thanks so much mica all right still
I had Paul Ryan is talking about the
threat of political tribalism but since
a lot
like an outside observer if there if
there was only something there were only
anything suppose wow that would be
Speaker of the House oh yeah one of the
most powerful people in all of US
government well the House Speaker really
tackled the problem in earnest before
heading for the door morning Joe we'll
be right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
