tonight I'm obsessed with the company
the president keeps the best people as
mr. Trump likes to call them despite the
president's vow to drain the swamp
though does seem to be getting a bit
swampy err by the day a new report says
three men a lawyer a doctor and an
entertainment executive are actively
running the veterans of affairs
administration Pro Publica reports that
they spoke with VA officials daily these
three men reviewing all manner of policy
and personnel decisions they're
blockbuster story by the way based on
Freedom of Information Act requests now
one of these three gentlemen has any
military or government experience but
they do have one thing in common each of
them is a member of the mar-a-lago club
had to pay some $250,000 by the way to
become a member in fact they're known to
VA insiders according to Pro Publica as
the mar-a-lago craft for the record the
White House insists that the men have no
direct influence over the VA and they're
not alleged to have broken any laws
notice they're not denying that they're
essentially calling the policy shots
from mar-a-lago this is just one story
and a seemingly unending drumbeat lately
of headlines of Trump connected
sometimes it's just weird access
outright corruption grift graft and it's
starting to make you wonder what is
going on with some of the people the
president's inner circle
Forbes this week reports on allegations
that Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross
siphon millions
personally from business associates that
some of whom called it a quote pattern
of grifting one of the president's
biggest supporters in Congress we've
told you about it earlier his first
supporter in Congress Chris Collins was
just charged today with insider trading
not to mention the Trump campaign chief
Paul Manafort is on trial the deputy
campaign chief rick gates is testifying
about crimes he says he committed with
him and oh by the way committed against
him - it's a swampy the swampy can get
prosecution says mana for trying to
leverage his Trump connections to get
one of his lenders a job in the White
House or even just get on the short list
by the way all of these examples are
just from this week hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
you don't know anything about where it
came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
