- Tom winter because we have some
breaking news on congressman Collins
arraignment Tom what do you know see so
this reporting from my colleague
Jonathan Dean's - was in the courthouse
that the congressman has pled not guilty
to the indictment and the charges that
we've been talking about here in
addition his son also pled not guilty
and another person who was identified in
the document as Steven czarsky has also
pled not guilty they're going to be
released on a five hundred thousand
dollar bond he has to surrender his
diplomatic passport in firearms within
14 days so again the congressman
pleading not guilty as well as his son
in this criminal case that we've been
talking about today centering around
allegations of insider trading the next
court hearing again according to my
colleague Jonathan Dean's is set for
October 11th at 2:30 p.m. so that's the
next time that we expect them back into
court Casey and that's the latest from
the arraignment hearing that wrapped up
just moments ago and lower Manhattan hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
