Michael Smith frequently breaks news
around this time of day and he
frequently joins us by phone today no
exception Michael Schmidt on the phone
with this breaking news at this point
mr. Schmidt do we know how far how wide
the chasm is between the president and
his attorneys and the office of the
special counsel we think it's pretty
significant at this point we think that
the president's lawyers are basically
saying there's only a small number of
obstruction question that can be
answered they are deeply concerned about
allowing the president to go on and on
in an oral interview with investigators
and they're trying to narrow it as much
as possible sort of banking on the fact
that they don't think that Robert baller
will go ahead and subpoena the president
and he'll simply just want to interview
him about just to basically say he
interviewed him other people find it
hard to believe that mother would allow
that to happen and that mother will not
do everything in his authority to try
and get an interview with the president
what makes them so confident that Bob
Muller won't subpoena the president I
think the there's some calculation in
Trump world that Muller will not want to
lose a court battle over a subpoena that
you won't want to risk that that if he
goes to court to fight the President on
compelling him to testify and he loses
it'll undercut the investigations
credibility publicly if you talk to law
enforcement officials who worked with
Muller you talk to legal experts they
just say look Muller is probably going
to use every tool he has possible
including a grand jury subpoena to try
and get the President to talk how can
Muller complete his investigation
without asking the president whether he
had criminal intent when he fired call
me and took these other measures that
people say were intended to obstruct the
Russian best beginning what
why are they as you indicated there why
are his attorney so concerned about the
president going on and on with Bob
Muller
in an interview well the President
believes that he can explain to anyone
anything especially in this case he can
explain to Muller that he did nothing
wrong and he thinks that he can set the
record straight the problem is is that
Muller has shown that he is willing to
charge people if they make the slightest
mistake the president is not someone who
is obsessed with the fact the president
is someone who'll often make statements
that are inaccurate and they feel that
the president could be put in a position
where he's in a very intense interview
he tried to explain things he says stuff
that is not true this is going on for
roughly eight months now what's the next
step now that the president's attorneys
have have countered the counter well
that's the thing the president's lawyers
have said for basically that period of
time that eight months that there are
about two weeks away from making a
decision about whether he's going to do
the interview or not and here we are
still going along with this sort of back
and forth with Muller they still have
not officially said to Muller we're not
going to do the interview so the
question is does Muller basically say
all right that enough is enough I can
see here that we're not going to come to
terms on an interview I'm going to go
ahead and subpoena the president setting
off this fight or did the president's
letters come back and formally say look
we're not going to do that are we
officially out of breaking point or will
they continue to negotiate there's some
question does Muller wanna subpoena the
president closer to the midterms that
would really make it a political issue
and I think there's some thought that
Muller would not want to be seen at that
during what some folks call is Comey
territory the period of time before the
election where Comey was forced to make
they or made that announcement about the
Hillary Clinton email investigate you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
