Republican congressman Chris Collins of
New York praising President Trump last
year but right now congressman Collins
is due in federal court after being
indicted on insider trading charges
prosecutors say he used his position at
a biotech firm where he was on the board
of directors to help his family
avoid almost a million bucks in stock
losses Collins serves of course as I
mentioned on the board of an aide
immunotherapies and is one of the
company's biggest shareholders owning
17% of the stock
here's what happened according to the
indictment last year after discovering
that a major drug talk trial had failed
he passed that information on to his son
but it wasn't public information yet his
son then allegedly told several other
people and all made quote timely trades
of the company stock once news of the
drug trial went public in eight stock
plunged by 92% the indictment says the
defendants avoided more than 768 grand
in losses by selling their stock before
the results went public
wowsers hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
