the markets just opened and all eyes are
on Tesla moments ago the Board of
Directors announced it is evaluating
evaluating taking the company private
this comes just one day after Elon Musk
one of the world's most powerful and
unpredictable CEOs sent this very quick
cryptic and market-moving tweet I am
considering taking Tesla private at 420
funding secured the tweet was sent just
30 minutes after Saudi Arabia acquired a
stake in Tesla and shortly after the
tweet the market halted trading the
stock and reopening only after musk sent
an email to employees kind of giving a
little bit of clarification I want to
bring in 50 EO of Ritholtz wealth
management and the CNBC contributor my
friend down at Town Josh Brown yeah to
me this reeks of Elon Musk being the
Donald Trump of Silicon Valley distract
and change the conversation he didn't
like what Wall Street analysts were
saying about the company so in the first
quarter so he said they shouldn't get to
talk about him they shouldn't ask
questions
he hates short sellers very similar the
president his opponents his critics he's
he all that he obsesses over them
that's Elon Musk right here to say he's
secured funding with no filing with no
official statement how is that not
market manipulation so I was actually on
air yesterday when the news broke on on
the halftime report and therefore other
traders on the desk and we look at each
other like wait a minute
can you actually do this this is
typically what would happen if you are
pursuing strategic alternatives you
would actually issue a press release
maybe alert the exchange ask them to
halt your stock for news pending
something other than hey you know what
we might go public we might go private
or 420 so it's shocking but it's not out
of character and I think the Trump
character for Musk from the SE C's
perspective a social media post alone
could that constitute market
manipulation so actually you are allowed
to use social media if it's an official
channel and if all shareholders can
receive it at the same time and there
was an issue with the CEO of Netflix
using a Facebook page to make an
announcement I think they had crossed
the billion streams or something like
that it was 2012 he was excited about it
he put this out on his personal Facebook
page
he got well notice now they didn't take
any action this is but this is like I
think it forced the regulators to say
okay there are new channels of mass
dissemination and they're okay to use
but of course there were rules around
that but Josh even for the board to say
well in our board meeting last week Elon
Musk did bring this up as an option I
could bring up a lot of things as an
option but is there actually a rational
case why there would be a strategic
buyer who wants to take them private
right now when you've got a company with
production issues and negative EBIT ah
yeah no it's it's probably not realistic
and if you read if you if you read the
sell side notes this morning JP Morgan
analyst comes out and says well he kinda
is the CEO and he did say it so we're
gonna model it like it's it's very and
by the way look at how the bonds are
trading the bonds actually went up
yesterday the bonds are not indicating
to the street that anyone believes
you're going to have tens of billions in
new debt issued right because if that
were the case you would have seen the
opposite reaction the other thing is
there's still a huge Delta between
spread between where the stock trades
now and the quote offering of 420 so if
anyone really believed it you'd be
closer there'd be much less of an
arbitrage opportunity so I think what
people are looking at this and saying
okay there this is a little bit trumpian
in that Elon feels like he wants to
tweet something and then the company
very hastily has to put out a statement
backing it up how many times have we
seen that with the white house it's a
very similar dynamic what does the board
look like there is the board of Tesla so
that's it that's what I want to get into
because we talked about the board as
sort of you know the real senior
management okay so you have his brother
you've got a Murdoch so like is it a
posse of his homeboys or is it an actual
legit board so this is tough Stephanie
because the reality is Elon Musk has
made his shareholders a fortune so
nobody could look by the way the shorts
who have been sure they've never been
right they've not made any money for
their shareholders the Long's have made
a lot of money this is a sixty something
billion dollar market cap from an IPO
just seven or seven or eight years ago
so no one's doubting that the company
made money and the people you can't look
at the board and say you have failed
shareholders like you financially can't
do that
so it would be tempting to say hey
here's six or seven people that are
rubber-stamping whatever he wants do you
think that the average shareholder wants
anything other than Elan getting his way
probably not it's called the personnel
has made a ton of money is the company
profitable no they've lost eight billion
in four years
great so irresponsible ders hasn't hurt
shareholders that is when you have a
fiduciary duty to a shareholder as a
board of director as it is a director on
the board it's about or the shareholders
being treated fairly nobody would look
at the share price they're absolutely
being treated fairly the company doesn't
make money and they're making a fortune
one of the largest actually I think it's
the largest publicly traded company
that's not in the S&P 500 they've never
made money now they're saying they'll
make money in the second half of this
year the Bears are saying this is a
massive distraction technique where have
we seen this elsewhere whereby it gives
an opportunity to maybe rejigger some of
those company forecasts as they have
this discussion about somehow finding
somebody who wants to take on 60 billion
in debt to take this private Josh just
because shareholders are making a ton of
money doesn't mean that the company is
doing the right things fundamentally
especially if they're not like so that's
the moat that's the most important point
however tell me in a year we'll see what
happened I would say about ten years ago
Madoff investors were probably super
happy hanging out in Palm Beach and then
they weren't
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
