I think the question I have is twofold
but it's about the same group of voters
it's about the what I would call the
Kasich Republicans I think we have two
questions about them number one are they
going to vote today so it's a turnout
question and number two are they gonna
vote Republican well that's been the big
fear of Republicans here is that they
cannot get those people to connect
Republican agenda with Troy Baltar said
and then even bringing in Donald Trump
over the weekend which does a lot for
the base here which gets some of those
base Republican voters out doesn't do
enough to speak to those Kasich
Republicans those Mitt Romney
Republicans Chuck I've been walking
around I've been talking to folks at
election sites and in some of these
suburbs and what I've heard a lot of and
what I think is interesting about this
even Democrats and Republicans are both
talking to me about change they don't
like how things are going in Washington
sometimes they don't like it because of
the president's behavior they don't like
the way he talks or tweets but they're
just sort of fed up with Washington and
of those people Danni O'Connor's
absolutely the change candidate we're
standing in a district where parts of
the counties have leaned towards Obama
in the past they voted for Trump and
overwhelming numbers if they want change
Danny O'Connor is the guy and the second
thing that I've noticed is that bald
ursins the Republican here seems to be
sort of stumbling across the finish line
you don't get a sense that he's able to
carry what happened on Saturday with
President Trump being here in two
Tuesday's he's had some awkward campaign
events he kind of badmouth one of the
counties here that's going to turn out a
lot of the vote it just seems like if
all the bounces are going Danny
O'Connor's way here he still has a math
problem though but the feel on the
ground is that the bounces are going his
direction I got to ask you about the
Trump rally and I'm gonna ask the panel
about this later too
but did he want it or not did the
campaign ask for it or not you got John
Kasich going out there going essentially
apoplectic it sounded like like what the
heck are you bringing Trump into the
district for yeah bull derson has gone
out of his way to not address that
question directly I had to ask him a
version of that the other day he
basically said look I'm honored to have
the president here it was great to have
the president here I'm always happy to
welcome the president here but wouldn't
address particularly the Kasich part of
that question directly remember getting
K six endorsement was a big deal for
him in this particular race this is
Kasich space of support right here hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
