president Trump is boasting about
slamming sanctions on Iran which is once
again creating tensions with not just
the u.s. in Iran but with our own allies
he tweeted earlier in part these are the
most biting sanctions ever imposed and
in November they wrapped it up to yet
another level anyone doing business with
Iran will not be doing business with the
United States I'm asking for world peace
nothing less the sanctions which had
been eased under the Iran 2005 nuclear
treaty 2015 nuclear deal went back into
effect this morning as a result of the
u.s. pulling out of the agreement now
the European Union is encouraging
investors to increase business with Iran
arguing the nation has upheld its end of
the deal
with me now former Democratic
congressman Jane Harman who is the
president and CEO of the Woodrow Wilson
Center okey doke Jane Trump appears to
be threatening any country that does
business with Iran how is that going to
affect the United States in Europe
well regime collapse is going to be
pretty hard to achieve that seems what
he's going for unless they talk to us on
our terms about the things we want to
talk about not what they want to talk
about but I think the rest of the world
is not in step here by blowing up the
Iran deal in the spring we lost the
support we had which was hard to achieve
from Russia and China and obviously the
EU and they're working against us as you
just said and I think Russia and China
are not going to care about these
threats I want to stay on that because
John Bolton the national security
adviser said this morning he is not
worried about countries like Iran and
China doing a work around working with
Iran excuse me Russia and China to do a
workaround
which would make these sanctions less
impactful what is potent talking about a
workaround is exactly Russia and China's
Jam I think yeah I think that that's not
a roll I don't know and hello if you're
Kim jong-un and you're listening in and
watching this new movie we threaten
regime collapse after we do treaties or
not treaties agreements with countries
to denuclearize if I'm Kim jong-un I say
no way and there really is no agreement
yet with North Korea so I think this
makes the North Korea deal if there one
is in
play much harder to achieve to that
exact point what position does this put
the president in he did the summit with
Kim Jong Un's he hung our flag right
next to theirs he said over and done
with he gave me his word their nuclear
denuclearizing and then we hear from
john bolton again that North Korea is
not living up to its denuclearization
process how can the president even say
face at this point well I I don't get it
I don't know what the public doesn't
know about Peace Prize I don't know well
you know if he hit Chiefs World Peace he
deserve oh yes he does let's go there
that's what his tweet says he's after
but I think he made it harder in North
Korea today or last night I think he's I
don't see where Iran goes and and let's
think about Russia Vladimir Putin is
working with Iran in Syria we basically
given Syria to Iran and Vladimir Putin
and Iran is destabilizing Iraq so I
think you know I just don't see how any
of this leads to steps in any country
that I can name that will make create a
more peaceful world Rand Paul just went
to Moscow and he then invited Russian
lawmakers to Washington why would he do
that
I don't know but we've had exchanges
with Duma members for many years I don't
know I don't get the timing now given
what the stakes are
it seems to me with Russia I think
Pompeyo it particularly Pompeo and
mattis have created a framework where I
think our relationship with Russia is
where it needs to be which is highly
critical of the invasion of Ukraine and
some other actions it's taking but Rand
Paul is a lone actor I kind of respect
his libertarianism and I think he'll
need to explain this to all of us hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
