let's look at the polls while we're
talking about election day in the new
national poll from Fox News the
plurality of likely voters say the main
issue motivating them to vote in 2018 is
health care which Garner's 13% reigning
and Trump is next at 10 percent with the
economy at 9% the Democrats running the
house at 8 percent and immigration at 7
percent Supreme Court picks ranks 12th
that's interesting on that list of top
issues the poll also finds that the 46
percent saying Supreme Court nominations
are extremely important to their vote
are more likely to favor the Democratic
candidate by 7 points that's interesting
that is that is interesting you know
Willie what else is interesting if you
look through some of these other polls
which we're gonna start showing
everybody we're gonna show everybody a
little bit a lot of these polls are
tightening up yeah especially Tennessee
which we'll get to in a minute but also
Fox News came out with a poll yesterday
that actually showed that the
Congressional ballot test is unchanged
pre Cavanaugh they took one pre
Cavanaugh they took one Post Cavanaugh
and I think the one that they released
yesterday came a sufficient distance out
for that adjustment that we were all
talking about to occur where the you
know the the sound and the fury of those
hearings a distant memory now for a lot
of voters and we're back to where we
were before where Democrats have a
comfortable lead well that was the
feeling and the immediate aftermath that
there would be a jolt of enthusiasm for
Republicans because the president got a
win that he stood in the fire that Brett
Kavanaugh withstood the attacks from
progressives and Democrats but as we
said on this show there was still a
month until Election Day it looks like
some of that has dissipated you talked
about Tennessee there were polls that
showed Marsha Blackburn zli really
widening there was a New York Times poll
last week that had her up 14 points
we've got another one this week that
shows it tightening up a little bit so
again we've we still have two and a half
weeks god knows what's gonna happen
between now and then but it does look
like the gaps are closing a bit yeah all
right still ahead on Morning Joe Don
McGann is out the White House Council
has headed for the door just a few
months after sitting down with the
special counsel
there are several new developments in
the Russia probe involving rod
Rosenstein and Roger stone but first
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay up
to date on the day's biggest stories and
you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
