could there be some kind of a deadline
could there be the potential for a
subpoena to the president which would
set up this massive legal battle what do
you make it all those things this is
unbelievable as a prosecutor who led a
prosecutorial agency I give people an
opportunity to come in if they don't
come in to answer all questions and this
is the way the federal government works
I've worked with joint investigations
with them then you go to the grand jury
and as simple as that they playing these
games is really going to poke the FBI
and the US attorney in the eye every
time they do it they're playing this
cat-and-mouse game and what I find most
interesting is a final point here is
that he's willing to talk about anything
other than obstruction which to me is a
tell that we've got problems with
respect to obstruction but we don't have
in their estimation problems with
respect to go to collusion this is not
the normal way it's done usually either
go in or you don't enough game playing
well let me ask you a question you
describe it as a game but from Robert
Moeller's perspective is it in fact
standard operating procedure is there
value to putting and writing hey I'm
trying to reach out to you hey I want to
talk to you here's all the times that
I've asked you for this is that
something that that special counsel
would do in this case
contrary to popular belief the president
is getting more courtesies more
genuflecting than the average guy on the
street every day who is going to jail
for far less and so yes I think Muller
is playing a little bit of a political
game because he has to protect the
integrity of the investigation and say
we have tried ad nauseam for six months
to have an interview and they refused so
this way when the when the Trump team if
you will says we weren't given ample
opportunity Muller has a demonstrable
record of all the opportunities given
thank you for checking out our YouTube
channel why don't you subscribe it's
really easy just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
