in our history there is only one
President of the United States who has
provoked a group of 27 mental health
professionals to co-author a book about
the president's mental health the book
is entitled the dangerous case of Donald
Trump and it is a bestseller yesterday
the president who many psychiatrists
have publicly said they believe is sick
and dangerous tweeted this the fake news
hates me saying that they are the enemy
of the people only because they know
it's true I am providing a great service
by explaining this to the American
people they purposely caused great
division and distrust they can also
cause war exclamation point they are
very dangerous and sick exclamation
point the former acting director of the
CIA John McLaughlin responded to that
tweet saying we pay way too much
attention to these whacky Trump tweets
that shouldn't drive news cycles but the
more I stare at this one the more it
seems like some genuinely deep twisted
and irrational impulse that alarmingly
he can't control
it's beyond unpresidential here is a
sampling of the president's recent
public musings that could easily be
labeled delusional and sick remember
when I did I hate to say it coming down
the escalator the beautiful first lady
of the white dress coming down that
escalator that big big beautiful day
when everybody said oh he's just doing
this for fun he doesn't really mean it
madam I don't mean it I hope you tell me
soon because it's a lot of work but
coming down the escalator and you
remember what I said
they're sending do you remember that
they're sending and I mentioned words I
won't even mention them tonight because
there's a lot of young people here but I
mentioned words and everybody thought it
was wonderful but then about two days
later they said did he say this did he
say that guess what
what I said is peanuts compared to what
turns out to be the truth its peanuts
so there's the President of the United
States telling his audience last week
that what he said in the speech
announcing his candidacy was unfit for
the ears of young people and children
tonight retired four-star Army general
Barry McCaffrey said president Trump
behavior becoming more alarming and
illogical in 55 years of service in the
Armed Forces civil government and
business I have never encountered this
level of anger insulting behavior and
outright separation from the truth and
joining us now general McCaffrey also
with us professor Jason Johnson politics
editor at the root general McCaffrey I
want to get more of your reaction to
what you're seeing from the president i
I know you've been alarmed for a long
time about what you hear from Donald
Trump
but is this a new level of alarm for you
look I I'm not qualified to talk about
the president's mental state I'm just
talking about it behavior you know I've
been decades long serving at the highest
levels the Armed Forces civil government
the business community I personally have
never encountered this kind of behavior
the insulting nature the dealing with
his clients or us I mean the business
communities do that the Armed Forces
weed sack a battalion commander who
dealt that way with his soldiers so I
think it's a great concern we've got a
couple of more years at least with
President
trumpet is a chief executive and it's
it's looking very worrisome the way he's
dealing with his domestic audience as
well as the international community and
there's a Washington Post report from
White House sources indicating that some
of the president's behavior might be
linked to his increased anxiety about
the special prosecutor's work it says
the watch boss says in private President
Trump spent pence much over the past
week brooding yet in public Trump is a
man roaring the president more than ever
is channeling his inner internal
frustration and fear into a ravenous maw
of grievance and invective he is
churning out false statements with
greater frequency and attacking his
perceived enemies with intensifying fury
and Jason Johnson if that fury
intensifies as the investigation
intensifies we can expect that it will
intensify some more right and Lawrence
here's the thing all of this fury is at
his enemies who appear to be Donald
Trump's enemies the press you know which
are supposed to be here which are sort
of written into the Constitution of Free
Press and black people who do nice
things whether it happens to be a
reporter on another networker happens to
be an African American from Akron who
opened up a school part of what makes
Donald Trump so dangerous as a president
is that his rage and his frustration is
not at injustice it's not at the
problems that plague our country it's
not at how the United States is viewed
of against the world his anger is always
focused on things that don't reflect
well on him and that's what makes him
dangerous I've always said look
constitutionally we have the rules in
place to keep bad presidents in check we
do not have rules in place to take
narcissistic presidents in check we do
not have rules in place to take care of
what happens if our government is sort
of taken over by one party that
advocates its responsibility to engage
in checks and balances that's why this
presidency is so dangerous and we've
seen it in national security we've seen
it domestically and if we get some
fundamental changes this fall I suspect
will become even more in hinged if he
has to face a Democratic House of
Representatives general McCaffrey to
Jason's point that the the chain of
command design
does not really have any provisions for
dealing with the president to people
within that chain of command might
suspect of being irrational and out of
control well we ought to remind
ourselves the chain of command I've been
after the media on this the last year
the commander in chief title only deals
with the US Armed Forces nobody else
he's not the commander in chief of the
country and within that chain of command
I think we're very fortunate look the
Pentagon secretary Jim mattis is an
intellectual he is worshipped by the
Armed Forces
he's a law-based person fortunately we
got service secretaries who are
absolutely the best I've seen in 25
years so I don't think we've got a
problem in secretary Mike Pompeo very
smart capable person but what we are now
seeing is a complete separation between
the facts on the ground and national
security and foreign policy and what the
president's saying his team makes a lot
of sense dealing with alliances dealing
with the real threat North Korea and
Iran but the president's utterances for
example coming home to Singapore and
saying the nuclear threats gone I mean
where did he come up with that it's just
hard to fathom what's going on and Jason
Johnson as I said earlier in the program
it seems one of the areas of Trump
tweeting that does have a logic is the
racist component of Trump tweeting which
is in effect a kind of an open form of
direct mail to the members of his
support group that who are racist right
and and here's the thing Lawrence and I
think this is very important and I'm
sure I'm sure here the guys will agree
with me racism and white supremacy and
white nationalism spewed by the
president United States is a national
security issue it is a national security
issue when the president of the United
States demonizes certain working
segments of the US population as somehow
being less fit less trustworthy or less
capable this is what our enemies exploit
this is what Russia exploits this is
what China exploits you look throughout
here
Street when other countries have always
attempted propaganda or attacks United
States what they talk about is how the
u.s. treats blacks how the u.s. treats
Chinese people how the u.s. treats
Native Americans so when you have a
president that exacerbates that kind of
tension that basically attacks any and
all black people who aren't Bo jangling
for them on a regular basis at the White
House it makes the United States a
weaker country it makes us less capable
of protecting ourselves or projecting
the kind of strength that we need to
project a broad general Barry McCaffrey
and Professor Jason Johnson thank you
both for joining us tonight really
appreciate thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
