it's a presidential tweet that may
ultimately amount to a smoking gun in
the investigation into whether Donald
Trump jr. conspired with the Russians to
impact the 2016 election and whether the
president's aides obstructed justice
when they lied about the Trump Tower
meeting being about adoption
but the presidential interview with
special counsel robert muller still up
in the air President Trump is doing his
best to answer as many of robert
miller's questions on twitter as
possible tweeting this weekend a
confirmation that his son did indeed
meet with russians to get dirt on
hillary clinton president writing quote
this was a meeting to get information on
an opponent totally legal and done all
the time in politics and it went nowhere
i did not know about it the new york
times fact checks that for us writing it
is illegal for a campaign to accept help
from a foreign individual or government
the president and his son have
maintained that the campaign did not
ultimately receive any damaging
materials about mrs. clinton as a result
of the meeting but some legal experts
contend that by simply sitting for the
meeting Donald Trump jr. broke the law
aside from being illegal the president
is also wrong about such meetings being
done all the time in politics they are
not but his tweet signals growing panic
from the President himself and there may
very well be ample cause for his concern
a source close to the Trump legal effort
tells me today that the president's
conduct since the trunk tower meeting
his efforts to cover up the real purpose
of the meeting and conversations he has
had with White House aides about it
point to an increasing likelihood that
the president could be vulnerable to
charges of witness tampering and
obstruction of justice it also brings
back into focus the ongoing legal
jeopardy facing all of the individuals
who have testified to robert muller
about the crafting of the original false
statement and any conversations they may
have had with the president about their
testimony with all this in mind we
wondered what did hope Hicks and the
president talk about on the plane this
weekend joining us to discuss that and
all the day's developments some of our
favorite friends and reporters MSNBC
national security analyst Frank fig
loozy a former assistant director for
counterintelligence at the FBI Erin
Blake senior political reporter for The
Washington Post and here at the table
and Nita Kumar White House correspondent
for McClatchy and Emma
BC and NBC News national affairs analyst
John Heilemann thank you very much for
anchoring this show Thursday and Friday
it was my pleasure you know you know
they're like the best audience in the
business right audience great guests and
great staff the staff on this show I
loved all the love for you I'm gonna
start though with you Frank Fugazi this
source close to the Trump legal team and
still in contact with members of it past
and current telling me that the
president's conduct and and and the fact
that he's thrusting this Trump Tower
meeting the lies told about it the
actual genesis of it back into the
spotlight suggests that he may have some
increasing awareness either conscious or
subconscious of his own legal jeopardy
yeah something's something's
particularly got under his skin over the
last few days Nicole and while we'd be
engaging in conjecture I think it's more
than just media coverage of this I think
there's something else going on here he
may sense or have even have information
that perhaps Don jr. is criminally
exposed in looking at a target letter or
some form of grand jury proceeding it
may be that he's heard something about
Cohen and the veracity of Cohen's
assertion about the Trump Tower meeting
and that and that the president knew
about it something directly has him
spooked but it's caused him to me to
make a tactical error which is to come
out and essentially throw his son and
his son-in-law under the bus and say yes
they were there to get dirt on Hillary
Clinton okay in joining Jared and his
son under the bus was Jay Sekulow one of
his last remaining TV lawyers other than
Rudy Giuliani who may just have the TV
part of that job let's look at his
statements now rendered as someone who's
been on both sides of the question about
what the president knew about the Trump
Tower meeting when you look at a meeting
when you look into meeting George that
took place in a year before the not two
years ago the question is what law
statute a rural regulations been
violated nobody's pointed to one well
they actually pointed to several
including conspiracy to to defraud the
United States that would be one of the
possible choices aiding and abetting
conspiracy you buy that that that's a
serious risk for Donald Trump jr. and
perhaps Darren
Frank yeah if you're talking to me let
me tell you something a Jay Sekulow is
pretending that he doesn't know the
federal election campaign laws then then
Trump has more of a problem than we
realize
of course it's against the law and of
course there's a conspiracy aspect to it
even though it didn't happen so when we
have that we have the communication from
Don Jr saying I love it
in response to there's dirt on Hillary
and he shows up for the meeting there's
a legal problem to that Sekulow is is
just in another planet at this point let
me ask you about someone else who may
wish he's on another planet but theory
was posited to me that hope picks
between the time that she was known to
have gone before Muller's investigators
in the time that she ultimately left the
White House may have have had a few
challenges in the workplace one she may
have been queried by the president about
what she said to robert Muller's
investigators - she may have been
confronted either by Muller's
investigators or back-channel
conversations that her lawyer had with
with other lawyers that her accounts
weren't necessarily in line with those
given by other people I think there were
six people hoping Sean Spicer Reince
Priebus Tom McGann and Josh Rafael and I
think a James Berman who was a deputy in
the counsel's office who were added to
Bob Muller's list of people who wanted
to interview sometime around that period
after the statement was crafted aboard
Air Force One do you think there's any
scenario where where hope hits has now
offered to cooperate or offer something
up to Bob Muller if she did in fact give
some sort of different account or she
did have to call and say that the
president had asked her about her
testimony the way this usually works
Nicole is that such a person a witness
is called in and saying and given a shot
look you've given us information that's
inconsistent with what others are
telling us there's a veracity problem
here and you're actually facing a
violation of USC Section 1001 lying to a
federal agent we're gonna give you one
shot to correct that and cooperate and
she either has her she hasn't I got to
tell you the mysterious appearance over
the weekend on Air Force One
is a head scratcher to me and I hope
that no one is attempting to tamper with
this witness because that is a serious
federal violation and aired like we know
from reporting in The New York Times
that
that the president is being and I
believe your colleagues have have run
this down as well the president is being
investigated under a beefed up witness
tampering law put in effect after Enron
and there are some the Enron prosecutors
and investigators who are also part of
Bob Miller's team I mean that this is a
real raw nerve for the president a real
exposure area of exposure yeah and this
is not the first time that we've gotten
a whiff of this kind of thing
potentially going on or at least face
questions about it potentially going on
there were a couple instances back when
he was in the White House in which he
talked to rights Priebus and Don McGann
that there was potentially running into
some foul territory here there are real
questions about whether the president
just by his public comments I would add
is really able to separate what he's
able to say and do as the subject of an
investigation and what he's actually
supposed to do and so the idea that he
wouldn't be doing this necessarily
behind closed doors is I think a little
bit difficult for some people to swallow
now whether any of that rises to the
level of illegality is is another
question entirely but certainly he's
shown that he's not terribly careful
about these at least by outward
appearances and you write today that
here's here's the thing this is a tweet
about how this is about the president's
tweet yesterday morning this is a tweet
about how the Trump Tower meeting was
totally fine nothing illegal to see here
if you've got no real concern about
legal exposure from the meeting
why distanced yourself from it have you
been able anyone offered you any
plausible explanations to you're very
astute point there yeah you know I think
everybody was focusing on the admission
that this was in fact about opposition
research what about the fact that in the
space of one tweet we have the president
both arguing that this is totally much
ado about nothing not illegal at all oh
and by the way I wasn't involved in it
at all just in case there was something
going on here there's no reason to
separate yourself from something like
this if there was nothing wrong about it
and so the fact that he slipped that in
at the end of a tweet about how there
was really nothing wrong here I think
belies the actual feelings and what he's
being told by his lawyers which is that
collusion is in fact a crime and that
this is at least in in a very much a
legal gray area
John I've heard in the last couple days
that there was actually a debate at the
time the
I think the times and the post were
calling about this meeting and when that
statement was crafted aboard Air Force
One there were people on the legal team
and around it that argued for just going
to Muller and telling them the whole
story those people lost the lie was told
that the meeting was about Russian
adoptions that was never the case the
president is now corrected the record
but what you know if you look at scooter
libby if you look at people who have
been who couldn't Bill Clinton I mean it
is it is almost always obstruction of
justice and perjury that trips people up
in Special Counsel investigation and
there's almost always you know in all of
the special counsels that I've covered
there's always a cadre within every
administration who's making that
argument for more disclosure
you know rip the band-aid off let's
let's get whatever the troubles aren't
get them out as fast as possible it's
gonna be better for us in the long run
politically and legally and almost
always they lose because the for a
variety of reasons we've heard a lot
about this period we've not heard
everything that we're gonna hear about
that period that's this point but I
think the president it's an
extraordinary thing and I think it's
just worth stepping back for a second
and just acknowledging what just
happened here president lies all the
time
we know he lies all the time the lies
are unacceptable 4,000 whatever he's
told in eight months according to these
counts but this lie is a different order
of lie and the for the President to go
on and it kind of in up in some kind of
a fit over the weekend and basically say
just come straight out and say you know
what the story I told you I lied about
this and and I'm worried about my son
and I'm not either too dumb or actually
don't care but one way or the other I am
as Frank said he just threw his son
under the bus I mean the the admission
of it is a hugger at a missional wise
but his son can be charged that's
correct and it's it's not it's it that
the lie is a historic lie that he told
the admission is a potentially
cataclysmic admission for the whole the
this element of the investigation and
particularly for his son who his father
is basically just went on Twitter and
testified against well so Frank can you
unpack that for us because we do we
stare at these trees we stare at a tweet
as though it's a tree but the forest
really is
started as a counterintelligence
investigation by the FBI part of the
bureau we were very very familiar with
and and we now have the president
corroborating a fact about why has
someone in and met with Russians and and
I talked to someone who knew a little
bit about this meeting and said that
they always knew this was a meeting and
in attendance were Russians close to the
Kremlin and with ties to Russian
government officials is that potentially
more evidence that that the prosecutors
could use investigators could use
against Don jr. there's there's no
question here or the and what what
height of irony for a father's tweet to
become exhibit a in evidence against the
son I was joking over the weekend on the
air that the folks at Twitter should
essentially install a pop-up Miranda
warning on the president's please use
your right to remain silent
but yes yes indeed we we have
potentially evidence in the form of a
tweet and and ironically if the
president had come out previously and
just said look we're new at this we were
voted in because we're from outside
Washington we didn't know what we were
doing here's the story the cover-up is
always worse than any defense right
right and it's plausible but it's too
late it's too late for that the
president's hubris is inability to say I
screwed up I got it wrong is actually
gonna cause his downfall and I think
that's where we're headed today any new
questions about how big seeing her on
the plane we new questions about that
period of time from which we know she
went in and testified to Robert Miller
questions about whether her testimony
was consistent with that of the other
people I think we can put their names up
hope pick Sean Spicer Ryan's previous
time again James Berman and Josh Rafael
where all their names were all submitted
to the White House in that period right
after that statement was crafted aboard
Air Force One that turned out to be a
lie and the president now agreeing that
that statement was a lie are you hearing
any reporting from your sources about
either the the role that ho pics may
have played in providing information
about the conversations the president
was prone to have with close aides about
what the experience was like in the
malaria I'm hearing from some people
that they have
fact that they talked about it this
weekend no that's not why she was there
but not that they're gonna say that's
the reason you know the list you have is
interesting because most of those people
don't work there anymore right right one
thing about President Trump is that you
can leave but you're still kind of in
his orbit right so you can check out
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
