so you've been watching the exploding
scandal about the Saudi government and
the murder apparent murder of a us-based
journalist you've been watching the
incredulity and the horror over the US
government in the u.s. president
apparently trying to help the Saudi
government cover it up taking their side
helping them out in this consider this
as well
the New York Times broke this remarkable
story in May about Saudi Arabia and the
United Arab Emirates offering the Trump
campaign what would have been illegal
help in the 2016 election offering to
fund a social media manipulation effort
to help elect Trump The Times reported
in May that there was actually a meeting
before the election at which this offer
was made and the Trump campaign and
Donald Trump jr. seemed psyched about
the offer they had no qualms whatsoever
despite the fact that this would have
been blatantly illegal that was reported
in May then earlier this month The Times
reported that there was actually a
second meeting on the same topic during
the campaign the same proposal to be
funded by the Saudis and UAE it was
offered this time not just to Trump's
eldest son but to Trump's deputy
campaign chairman this this thing with
the Saudis and UAE and what they wanted
to do in the election for Trump this is
a whole other element of the election
scandal that we really don't understand
yet it's not known if this is Saudi
Arabia offering to pay for the the
Russian interference effort we don't
know if it's Saudi just offering its own
similar intervention we really don't
know what it means at root we do know
that Moeller is looking into it and more
importantly we know that the emissary
from the Saudi government who was
offering Trump this illegal campaign
help in 2016 that emissary is now a
cooperating witness with the Muller
investigation that's this guy George
Nader a somewhat mysterious figure there
aren't very many photos we can get of
him we do have one of him with President
Trump and another of him with the crown
prince of Saudi Arabia but we don't
really understand how his whole part of
the story is ultimately gonna fit into
the Moller investigation and into our
understanding as Americans about what
happened to us in our last presidential
election but the other person we know
Nader was involved with at this time was
a guy named Elliot Brady Brady also
is now reportedly under federal
investigation for deals where he was
reportedly peddling influence over the
Trump administration to benefit Saudi
Arabia among other countries his
business partner and all of that appears
to have been this guy Jorge Nader and
and so we haven't really your learned
yet about what the the Jorge Nader
Elliot Brody part of this scandal is all
about we haven't yet seen what
presumably will be the indictments one
day that will explain all this but these
two guys and Brady until recently was a
deputy finance chairman of the National
Republican Party they are some of the
most intriguing question marks that
remain in the whole Russia and election
scandal I think we can be sure because
one of them is a cooperating witness
that the question marks about them will
not be there forever eventually we will
figure out whatever it was they were
involved with it definitely seems like
it was trouble but we just don't know
what it was yet here's something you
should know though the apparent murder
of Washington Post journalist Jamal
khashoggi at the Saudi consulate in
Istanbul the one that Trump is
apparently helping the Saudis come up
with their cover story for right now
according to the Washington Post and
their intrepid national security
reporter David Ignatius who always seems
to report this stuff before everybody
else has it
the Saudis according to David Ignatius
have picked who their fall guy is going
to be their scapegoat the person they're
gonna blame this whole thing on so that
their ruler gets to stay in power so
that the Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman gets excused quoting Ignatius one
possible scapegoat according to several
sources maybe Major General Ahmed Al
Asiri
the deputy chief of Saudi intelligence
the US government learned last month
that Assyria was planning to create a
tiger team to conduct covert special
operations I'm told though officials
didn't know the targets well--that's
Saudi official the general who American
intelligence sources are now saying oh
that may be the rogue killer that Donald
Trump predicted well you should know
that he that same general was the main
contact for Elliott Brady and Jorge
nadir in the Saudi government for
whatever Brody and nadir were up to
during the election during the
transition and thereafter Nader wrote to
Elliott Brody about quote a terrific
Magna
facin meeting with the Saudi Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman quote he was
very positive overall Nader wrote the
Prince even asked them to discuss their
contracts with general Achmed the same
general Achmed
so apparently the guy who's going to be
assigned to take the fall for the Jamal
khashoggi murder he can maybe also take
the fall for whatever election
interference scheme the Saudis may have
been pitching to the Trump campaign the
one that Robert Muller is nailing down
right now nice two birds with one stone
right nice congressman Eric SWA well
from the Intelligence Committee will be
our guest live next hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
