we are laying the smackdown on politics
meet Glenn Jacobs who ran on the
Republican ticket and was just elected
as the next mayor of Tennessee's
third-largest County he is 51 married
and a father and a grandfather of two
but you might know him better as this
guy the WWE superstar wrestler known as
Kane he is almost seven feet tall
300 pounds and his character is
described as a quote monstrous
abomination on the WWE website he is a
fan favorite and it appears he is won
the hearts of many Tennessee voters as
well beating his Democratic opponent in
a landslide on Thursday joining me now
Knox County Mayor elect Glen Jacobs
mayor elect congratulations
I have to say I watched your victory
speech and it really stood out to me and
I want to play a portion of it I'd also
like to thank we all know that a
Democrat is going to have a struggle in
a countywide race in Knox County but she
did step up to the plate and she put
forth a good effort and I think that is
admirable democracy works when everyone
has a voice and we can hear everyone's
ideas mayor elect right there with some
dignity with some compassion George Bush
won on conscious on compassion
conservatism we don't have that
compassion right now do you think that
helped you win and can you help bring
political discourse some civility back
to our political climate well our
campaign model was together we win but
that's more than a slogan that's what I
believe I believe as a community when we
all work together we do very well I like
many people am really disappointed at
the huge divide that we've seen to face
in this country and instead of looking
at ourselves as Americans first often we
look at each other from an ideological
standpoint the thing is that I may not
agree with some Democrats and some
liberals on there
solutions to problems but I do see that
there's a problem and that we need to
work on and I think that all ideas
should be welcomed so it would be great
if we could all work together in a much
better fashion and realize first and
foremost we're Americans and we're
trying to make our place better here in
Knox County we're all Knox County uns
and that's what we all want is the best
Knox County that we can have in the last
presidential election people in Knox
County said they were tired of the
divide they were tired of the gridlock
and they wanted something different and
they voted for President Trump and the
spirit of bringing people together
beyond the Trump rally and beyond
president Trump space do you think he's
doing that and I think to what he did
over the weekend insulting LeBron James
or how he's gone after NFL players who
are peacefully protesting well I
personally am a huge fan of bran James
and what he's doing is community and I
think that we need a lot more of that I
can only speak to Knox County and you
know here in Knox County that's what I
intend on doing is bringing people
together the great thing about local
politics as many of the things that
happen at a national level that are so
divisive we don't have those decisions
to make here you know we only have the
authority to make a law over whatever so
we can concentrate a lot more on the
things that unite us instead of the
things that divide us and that's what I
plan on doing but you are a supporter of
the President and your County is as well
when you look at the policies that are
being put in place this cultural divide
exists a cultural war even but the
policies free-trade they're really
serving the rich they're not necessarily
serving that forgotten American who
wanted something different well I think
actually President Trump won by
appealing to forgotten Americans if you
look at his victories and formally blue
areas of the country that's what it was
I think you've never got a party
actually was guilty I don't really good
Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton was
guilty of that but are his policies
serving them he absolutely won with that
forgotten American and said I'm going to
do something different but when you look
out he's going after immigrants saying
that immigrants are stealing our jobs
yet unemployment
is solo and he's putting these tariffs
in place that are hurting the American
farmer how is it that those policies
help those forgotten Americans we also
put tax cuts in place which do help
everyone else is looking at issues with
tax cuts do help everyone because it
allows people to create jobs allows
businesses to create more jobs and when
we look at the housing market what's
happened the housing market so certainly
there are some things that aren't
perfect but I think overall middle
America still supports President Trump
so our people in Knox County seeing wage
increases because it wasn't that we
didn't have enough jobs we didn't need
jobs created we needed higher paying
jobs so the people who you're going to
be representing are they getting paid
more now since the president is in
office
well Knox County and Tennessee in
general is doing very well because our
state legislature has created an
extremely business friendly environment
we have the fourth lowest state and
local tax burden in the entire country
so when you ask me how a Knox County is
doing we're doing very well the entire
state of Tennessee is doing very well
there's a big story a few weeks ago
about how a large financial firm from
New York City moved to Nashville because
of our low tax environment here so we're
doing great in Tennessee and also in
Knox County
tell me want to make it better but we're
doing really well then tell me do you
feel the divide in Knox County I live in
New York City and we often hear you know
there's a divide there's real American
and then there's coastal elites tell me
where you are
and what plagues the people of Knox
County what worries them what concerns
them how can they live a better life we
don't feel that sort of divide in Knox
County and I can't speak for all my
neighbors but we are a little different
than the coastal parts of the area you
know we just want like everyone else we
want safe neighborhoods we want good
infrastructure good jobs and a good good
quality of education for our kids and
that's what unites us again you know I
might have a different idea about the
solution than my Democratic friends do
but nevertheless I understand that
that's what we all want and that's we
all need to try to achieve and where's
more where do you foresee more drama in
the world of politics or pro-wrestling
that's a great question
and they seem to be similar in many ways
I think in many ways it is the world of
politics actually the world of politics
more drama than pro wrestling Glenn
congratulations on your win and best of
luck to you
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
