lebron james somebody from your home
state obviously you were talking about
him over the weekend in new orleans you
talked about the president doing race
baiting and making racial statements in
his tweets against LeBron but put it in
plain English do you believe the
president is being racist no question
about it I mean come on
he's always got to find a black person
he's always got to find a brown person
that he's got a prop up and make fun of
to try to stimulate a certain portion of
constituents that he has a certain
following that he has in the do it to
LeBron James after he just announced a
41 million dollar initiative to start a
school in Akron Ohio to give kids shoes
and glasses and bite bicycles to train
their parents to make sure they get a
GED or some training and then the send
all these kids who graduate from the
school on a free scholarship to the
University of Akron I mean the president
the United States shouldn't be calling
anyone in the country dumb his
responsibility is to unite the country
not divide the country and he keeps
dividing and when you do it the LeBron
James in Ohio I think LeBron James will
get the last laugh before I let you go
here congressman there's a bunch of
headlines people talking about
congressional candidates not supporting
Nancy Pelosi this is an argument that
you have discussed often a debate that
you are well aware of Democratic
candidates who say they will not vote
for her say they have no alternative 2.2
are you somebody these candidates can
turn to would you like to make a bid for
leadership or reject to see somebody
else do it you know I've not closed the
door on it I had before
congressman Crowley lost his race I have
not closed the door on it and we're
gonna have these conversations I think
after the election and I'll be out
campaigning for other members of
Congress who are running some in Iowa
but also I'll be done in West Virginia
we've got a great candidate down there I
was helping with the race in Columbus I
was down there two or three times so
we're helping and I've not closed the
door on that okay congressman Tim Ryan
thanks for coming on the show come back
soon we appreciate it thank you for
checking out our youtube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
