bottom line this did DJ TJ that's Donald
Trump jr. break the law by taking the
meeting
listen Stephanie you did a terrific job
laying out the law I start my teaching
my students in a couple weeks and I
couldn't even do it as well as you did I
mean we have not only it's a code of
federal regulations but a United States
statute passed by the United Sates
Congress three different times that
basically says we don't want foreign
nationals mucking around in our
elections is very broad it does not
require that the that they actually
achieve some kind of benefit from a
foreigner soliciting meaning trying to
get something of benefit form a form in
foreign national is verboten it's it's
it's against the law so that's one thing
the second thing you mentioned
conspiracy robert muller has already
indicted multiple members of the russian
intelligence community for hacking into
servers and stealing voter information
to the extent to which that conspiracy
could be added to by virtue of what
happened here we have potential
conspiracy crime
we have a potential obstruction of
justice because we have stuff that was
covered up and then of course we have a
potential perjury charge by Don junior
to in connection with his testimony in
Congress so there's a broad range of
wrongdoing here the real question is
what are we going to do about it I mean
Jay Sekulow said is there a crime well
we're answering the question I think yes
and then what's going to happen about it
I mean is the American public gonna
tolerate this we're putting children in
jail because their parents committed
misdemeanors at the borders and then
we've got this level of wrongdoing at
the highest echelon some of the office
which go to the heart of our democracy
and people are shrugging and I think
it's really really dangerous to continue
on this path Brett why would the
president be doing this if it's about
popularity and his base or the media the
Russia investigation isn't winning Trump
any votes and it's not losing Trump any
votes people feel the way they feel
about it but at the very least what he
did this weekend over Twitter could put
in in greater legal jeopardy so why do
that because it was stupid technically
speaking
because stupid I got it look you can't
always seek explanations for the
president's behavior in some form of
higher rationality I mean there is
clearly a neurotic tic going on here he
is he is fulminating this is this is
obsessing his mind and this is the risk
for any administration of a president
whose every stray thought goes on to
Twitter because some of those stray
thoughts I think clearly amount to
attempts to obstruct justice so he is
digging his he is digging a legal hole
for himself that's going to be very deep
the issue however is this I agree with
every word that Kim said and and you
really did lay out the legal facts
beautifully but here's here's here's the
other detail Bob baller according to
Justice Department regulations cannot
indict the president so the issue ends
up being a political issue would Bob
Mahler's a report from the special
counsel lead Republicans in Congress to
conclude that they have no recourse
other than the constitutional one to
impeach and convict the president for
high crimes and misdemeanors
so if there is a higher rationality at
play here and that's always questionable
with with Trump it's that he is he is
speaking politically to other
Republicans in the Republican base not
playing a legal game with with the
special counsel okay so those are the
Republicans who understand the legal
game right what is more important to
them Robert Muller's report or how the
public reads the president's
misinformation well it depends on where
you are as a Republican right if you're
in a safe seat all you care about is
making sure the president's safe if
you're on the line if you may be facing
a blue wave if you're somebody who might
be connected there's one way or another
you're concerned about what the
president is saying and that's where I
think the real problem is the president
is it's not just sort of the neurotic
ticks that Brecon is talking about but
he is consistently sort of conflating
political and legal problems which puts
everybody who's trying to defend him in
trouble even when we go back to remember
the key thing about the whole adoptions
is adoptions are connected to the
majeski act which you're connected to
fiction which means it's never really
adoptions are cold
exactly exactly that's like saying oh
I'm going shopping for a car and I'm a
getaway driver like everybody knew that
there was something else going on so you
know to the degree that that also leads
to it looking like there was collusion
it looking like they were getting
material help that's where the
and it gets everybody in trouble okay
well speaking of everybody being in
trouble let's stick with Don junior
because Kim you have written in the past
that Muller could use Don junior as a
way to get to the president but Don
junior ain't your normal consigliere to
the president it's his son do you really
think that could happen well you know
he's not protected by the pardon power
he's not protected by the impeachment
clause which I agree with Bret there's
there are DOJ guidance that suggests
that that couldn't couldn't indict a
president I think there's a man-bag
unity the possibilities power base his
universes popularity the reason
everyone's inviting him to go hunting
all around the world and speak and
getting fees to peak to speak greater
than he ever imagined is because his
father's the president yeah but I don't
think I don't think Bob Muller cares
about that and so he's not protected in
that way and the other piece to keep in
mind is we've got these emoluments
clause litigation going forward so we
have two pieces we've got his children
and we have his business empire so if
you can't get directly to the president
you can get to the things he holds very
very dearly to to hit to his heart here
and and perhaps then there's come some
pressure on him to do something that's
best for the American public and my
personal professional view at this point
would be to step down because he's not
fit for office at this point okay well I
want to talk about something that's near
to my heart what Brett wrote about this
weekend now the president tweeted about
the media we know this calling it the
enemy of the people dangerous and sick
you wrote a column this weekend titled
quote Trump will have blood on his hands
while he is responsible for something
someone else might do walk us through
this so those are heavy words at the end
of May I wrote a column saying that ABC
was right to cancel Roseanne because of
a racist tweets racist tweet I received
a voicemail the next day a man who
sounded to me like white male late
middle-aged slightly southern accent
fantasizing about me and other
journalists being killed being murdered
by people with ar-15s then that ended in
a racist rant with the
and word used I think about it a dozen
times and then have a nice day and love
her and then and then he clicked off
that is the third time since Trump the
Trump phenomenon began that I have been
violently threatened by a trump by
someone who's clearly a trump supporter
the or we should also remind our
audience that you're conservative yeah
well but not not not a fan of the
president and that's I think that's that
that's what is key here the only time
I've been similarly threatened is by
someone who later went to jail for
supporting Hezbollah so I take this very
seriously now I put that voicemail to
one side for four weeks and then the
killing at Annapolis at the Capitol
Gazette five journalists murdered
murdered there and then you had the
president going on about fake news now I
think when the president goes to his
rallies and starts screaming about the
fate of fake news the most he wants is
for people to give cNN's Jim Acosta a
middle finger that's that's the emotion
but if a thousand people are giving Jim
Acosta middle finger some subset of that
say ten people are people like my caller
and then some subset of that are gonna
be people who are willing to take it to
the next step there is someone out there
we live in the age of the active shooter
and the president is goating them he is
inciting them he is not saying get me
get rid of this turbulent priest but
he's not a child who doesn't know that
he's carrying a loaded gun the blood
will be on his hands the moment some
whack-job thinks that he is carrying out
the instructions of the president and
goes into a newsroom like the one behind
us or the one in my news news
organization or yours and murders people
I pray that you are wrong I do too but
let's pretend that Brett isn't fast
forward let's say something absolutely
awful happens like that Brett says the
president will have blood on his hands
Willie or will the answer again be blame
on many sides he'll take absolutely no
responsibility for it and and that's the
problem and I not only do I empathize
with Brett but this is even more
personal for me I work at a college I
work at a college of primarily
african-american students so the kind of
hostility that this president has raised
both against people of color and against
journalists is a direct threat
I got an anthrax since fake anthrax sent
to me once at my office right I've had
threats against me dozens of times both
in person and I'm going to
Charlottesville this weekend for the
one-year anniversary of the March
because I'm also a UVA alumni so this is
a issue and the president doesn't care
and what's more problematic about that
is the Republican Party doesn't okay
this is what I want to ask about the
Republican Party doesn't care jamie
dimon for example is a CEO who I think
does a superb job I know him quite well
and what always blows my mind is when I
hear Jamie Dimon say things like ignore
what he tweets stop listening to what he
tweets look at the policies the policies
are good yeah well this when is it when
are we going to see leaders who know
better who know that they could not ever
say or do things like that it would cost
them their jobs they would fire anyone
in their organizations if they said
things like this when are we going to
start to see corporate and government
leaders say hold on a second well there
are you know there there there are a few
there have been a few my Seth Klarman at
post have been outspoken but look
there's this sort of higher wisdom that
says how you should take the president
seriously but not literally but maybe
but lots of people out there taken
absolutely literally and if you are the
enemy of the American people then the
logical consequences we have to deal say
one thing Seth Klarman did do an
extraordinary thing but bow post is a
private hedge fund tell me a CEO of a
company who has customers or employees
that spam the political spectrum that
have the courage the decency to say this
is wrong and this is a threat to people
because I don't know what that I don't
know what that that's exactly it they
are not speaking up and it will be too
late should there be a national tragedy
for them for them to speak up or for
those nice Republicans in Congress who
have been sort of muted Lee saying well
we don't quite like what the president
is saying this is why you take you take
a moral stand before the tragic event
occurs and this the other thing we're
going to have a Charlie Hebdo situation
here without question without question
it is going to happen because of the
behavior of this president it would
disgust me
it would particularly disgust me about
it is these are local reporters we're
talking about who have great
relationship the vast majority of media
report these are the local community
reporters and the Republicans the
Republican members of Congress and
Democrats usually complain about the
Republican members of Congress who turn
a blind eye to that same local reporter
that they knew in high school when she
interned with them and is now working
for the state paper and that person may
be under threat and they don't care
about it that is why this is a danger
not just to national security but are
very sovereignty in our Constitution
conservative friend of mine wrote me
after that comment said well you know
what free speech goes both ways and the
press gives Trump said such a hard time
I wrote him back I said look the press
has been giving presidents a hard time
since the second Washington
administration all right this is the
first time that the president has
answered and by the way when the
president goes out he's surrounded by a
praetorian guard known as The Secret
Service when we go out in the streets
with our children with our families we
have we have nobody this is inside this
is a demagoguery that this country has
never witnessed in its history you have
GM Ford who's in Congress right now who
attacked a member of the press and Paul
Ryan and no one else said anything about
they could have kept him from being
seated body slammed him the day before
the election and he won gentlemen thank
you so much Kim thank you and I got to
thank my producer Dave Murphy he is the
one who helped us lay out exactly what's
at stake hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
