and since the president first set foot
on the campaign trail we have heard one
message over and over my administration
will follow two simple rules by American
and hire American okay because from now
on it's going to be America first sounds
great in theory but a number of American
business owners say they cannot hire
American and a limit on visas for legal
temporary foreign workers coupled with
high demand have them struggling to even
stay afloat
NBC's dr. Norah Clark has been reporting
on the story he joins me now it is so
interesting that when we take you up on
the story I said you must come on I live
in a small town on Long Beach Island New
Jersey where the season is ten weeks
long and our restaurants who have to pay
10 grams is to apply for these foreign
worker visas didn't get all of them
would love to hire Americans where they
don't have to provide housing they don't
have language barriers they don't have
legal fees and they can't they aren't
there aren't enough and the restaurants
can't stay open that's right
I've spoken with business owners in
Texas and Ohio in Illinois and Maryland
and they all say the same thing they
they want to hire American workers but
they can because American workers aren't
attracted to these seasonal jobs and
they go to the h-2b visa program to get
foreign labor but with the changes this
year with the Trump administration going
from a first-come first-serve to a
lottery system has really hindered a lot
of these businesses from accessing these
visas and a lot of them were left
without foreign labor and they're
scrambling what was the administration's
explanation for doing so the demand in
the first five business days of this
year they received 47,000 the
applications to get workers and that
exceeded the cap and so they needed to
shift to find a way to give out these
visas but with the arguably that with
the administration make the argument we
have a wage problem in this country we
need to cap the visas in order to get
these businesses to pay more and attract
American workers could they possibly
make that argument no because the
businesses pay more
then minimum wage in some local and
sometimes higher than the federal
minimum wage
I've spoken to business owners who say
they've gone to job fairs their
advertising wages that are sometimes
double the local minimum wage but
American workers just aren't attracted
to these jobs in a good economy with
lonen low in employment the president
promised to support small business
owners that's right so from those who
you have spoken to how do they feel
because business sentiment small
business and largest business sentiment
is up
yeah they feel that this program
actually helps American workers cuz they
are employing a lot of American workers
but on the labour end
a lot of Americans aren't attracted to
that and and so this program actually
supports these American businesses but
they feel that it's being conflated with
the immigration debate that immigrants
are coming in and taking American jobs
alright this is a great piece thank you
so much for joining me I appreciate it
this morning
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
