nearly one year after the deadly rally
in Charlottesville Virginia
PBS's frontline and ProPublica are
investigating white supremacists
resurgent in an America in America with
a new special entitled documenting hate
Charlottesville here's a clip from the
report that premieres tomorrow night and
some of the scenes might be disturbing
to watch the Charlottesville rally was
supposed to be about a Confederate
Monument but anyone who was paying
attention can see that it was about more
than a single statue
it felt like a national recommend around
race was coming
ask questions
that's the day unraveled into chaos
around me when thing began Claire
this was not a place to listen or
understand
Charlotte's birth was a crime scene
frontline correspondent and reporter for
ProPublica AC Thompson joins us now in
AC what did you find in your search for
whether or not justice was served out of
Charlottesville you know I think one of
the key things for us is that we
encountered one person after another who
had been violent in rallies after
Charlottesville and before
Charlottesville and the authorities
hadn't taken these people into custody
they weren't aware of the crimes that
they had engaged in and there really had
been no consequences for them and so
what we did is we went looking for these
violent actors not the people who wanted
the spotlight but the people who didn't
want to be in the spotlight wanted to
sort of operate from the shadows and
engage in criminal activity and there
were a lot of them out there
so why no consequences one year after
Charlotte spill why no consequences you
know that's a good question what we know
is that a lot of these local authorities
for example in Berkeley California to
Charlottesville California don't have a
ton of resources to go after these
characters and in some cases they
haven't really been that vigorous and
going after these characters we now
believe that the Federal Bureau of
Investigation is more interested in some
of these groups and is active but it's
still an open question why some of these
people haven't been brought to justice
so what's the consequence that follows
from the failure to follow up I mean so
we know what just happened in Portland
order before people were arrested after
the Patriot frier prayer so but what are
the consequences that follow it you know
I think the concern is that people that
are able to go from from one rally to
the next and physically attack people
and basically then return to their
normal lives they feel like hey I can do
this I can get away with this and it
sort of engenders more violence so how
is it that a collection of neo-nazis
stone-cold racists from across the
country from many many different states
across the country gather in
Charlottesville for one specific purpose
everybody in Charlottesville once they
get there knows what the purpose is
where was the preparation the police
planning that's totally crucial question
and I really feel like it's been
overlooked
there was a 200 page report that came
out
after Charlottesville that said hey hear
all the failures and they were many they
were intelligence failures on the front
end
they were failures to really plan they
were failures between the Virginia State
Police and the local police to
coordinate and even be able to talk to
one another on the same radio
frequencies but most importantly what we
know now is that basically the police
said we are going to allow this to
escalate we're going to allow violence
to happen and then when that violence
has happened we'll have a reason to
declare an unlawful assembly and clear
these people out and I think that helped
to lead to the fatal consequences of
that day so it's a year later right and
I'm gonna ask you the biggest
overarching question I can right you
take everything that's happened all the
attention to Charlottesville what the
president said the counter-reaction
the recruiting videos average just
behold the totality of everything right
a year later is Charlottesville been
good or bad for the cause of white
supremacy in America
it actually works in two ways I would
say I think or even three ways a lot of
people have left the movement they feel
like they were chastened by what
happened they don't want to be part of
it other people have said we have to
organize in different ways we're not
going to do big rallies anymore we're
gonna do flash mobs we're gonna do post
ring we're gonna do banner drops on the
highway and a third group of people have
said we're gonna do terrorism we're
gonna go underground we're done with
protests we're done with politicking now
we're gonna start killing people I'm
gonna start blowing stuff up so it goes
in three different ways how many people
were at Charlottesville that day when it
all blew up how big were the crowds how
big were the opposing forces you know
that that's still in debate if you look
at the numbers some people put the white
supremacist side at about 500 with more
people on the opposing side I think
that's probably about right so you had
mostly whites Prem
you had you know around 500 white
supremacists
a bigger group of opponent but in the
streets directly in front of them it was
actually a smaller group most of the
opponents were nonviolent and they were
away from that scene so in a nation of
305 million five hundred really bad guy
that's not a lot no you know what I mean
so what does it imply to you there's two
things right and so one thing is I think
that they're reflective of a deeper
fissure in society that's that's a key
thing right is that they are the extreme
edge of a deeper movement and a deeper
unease and I think there's a lot of
white people who have to some extent in
the last few years said hey I'm unhappy
about illegal immigration I'm unhappy
abutting the immigration period and have
sort of returned to this nativist rated
racist rhetoric and these guys are the
most extreme version of it but the other
thing is you don't need a lot of people
to do extreme violence we know that from
Tim McVeigh Tim McVeigh killed 168
people basically by himself and so when
you have people that this motivated to
do harm you don't need a lot of you know
Casey hunt though if you go back over
the Trump presidency and yes there are
bizarre things happening every day there
abnormalities politically but I looked
at three events that have caused Donald
Trump I think the greatest political
consequence one with charlottesville two
was ripping babies from their mothers at
the border and three was what happened
in Helsinki and Vladimir Putin I think
the long-term impact of that will be
great but also great for the Republican
Party I think going back to
Charlottesville wasn't that really the
beginning of almost a well a dramatic
abandonment from suburban moms suburban
women and suburban voters that were
formerly Republicans who helped elect a
Democratic governor in Virginia and
helped elect a Democratic senator in
Alabama mm-hmm I think that we are still
facing as a country pretty crucial tests
around exactly those moments that you
point out and this one in
Charlottesville was in some ways the
beginning also the sharpest most
emotional in many ways of crystallizing
all of the things that that this
president has done did as a candidate
in pushing on you know these these and
ripping open really these wounds that
have been a part of the American fabric
since the beginning of our country and
it's a real test I think for American
voters to see okay you know are those
women that you mentioned are they going
to come out to the polls in droves in
2018 and then in 2020 or is this
president's strategy of inflaming these
racial wounds going to really be shown
to actually have been effective Joe yeah
and Eddie I ask you the same question
about the long term political impact of
Charlottesville we certainly saw in
Alabama black voters coming out in
higher numbers than even for Barack
Obama's elections in eight and twelve
and a presidential year versus an
off-year special election which is just
it's extraordinary political event and
also when Virginia does this into
Charlottesville and Beyond does is that
what actually breaks Donald Trump's hold
over a Washington that's run by
conservative Republicans well I think it
certainly will be part of it part of the
reasons you know we will see Barack
Obama numbers I believe among
african-american voters in the midterm
and in the 2020 election but I want to
be very clear we need to move from
melodrama where we have our obvious
villains and our obvious heroes and our
desire for a happy ending and we need to
understand how deeply tragic this is AC
says something that's really important
the white supremacists in
Charlottesville were the radical edge of
a deeper deeper current and so we need
to understand that all of this stuff has
to be made explicit for us to imagine
America differently if we don't if we
fall back into the old mode then we will
find ourselves on this racial hamster
wheel again
and we can't have that happen hopefully
hopefully we will we were moving into a
different moment but I'm not sure our
history says we want this I'm not sure
the film is documenting hate
Charlottesville premieres tomorrow night
on PBS and online at pbs.org slash
frontline and you can read related
reporting at probe
whicka dot-org AC Thompson thank you so
much thanks for being on this morning up
next Governor Andrew Cuomo is picking a
fight with the NRA we'll talk about that
and the primary challenger he is facing
this fall the New York Democrat joins us
straight ahead on Morning Joe thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
