I'm thrilled to be joined by a very
special guest making his debut on the
beat tonight John Podesta is one of the
most experienced people in Democratic
administrations he ran a White House as
Bill Clinton's chief of staff advise
President Obama and of course chaired
the Hillary Clinton campaign in fact
that harsh 2016 campaign made household
names of both nominees chairs this week
it's Trump's former chair on trial for
several felonies while Podesta remains a
victim in the related investigation into
the Russian hacking that new Association
only comes after many years where
Podesta was widely known in politics for
being at the center of every major
battle and I am honored to name of the
day as the next White House chief of
staff working here means a great deal to
me to deal with the possible impeachment
hearings in Congress the White House has
put together a new crisis team led by
deputy chief of staff John Podesta they
won't stay in office they want him to
keep his job I've also asked my
counselor John Podesta to lead a
comprehensive review of big data and
privacy my friend John Podesta ran my
transition Beckley Clinton headquarters
and John Podesta has just walked in the
room
today Podesta is part of a democratic
vote counting operation for Trump's
controversial Supreme Court pick Brett
Kavanaugh insisting his record from the
White House or a potential Pandora's Box
the Senate must scrutinize the judges
confirmation hearing could come in
September basically within weeks of the
midterms Democrats say it's past time to
go on offense first let me welcome you
John and say you know you look at the
old footage you're one of those people
that looked older when you were young
now you look a little young that you're
older I don't know how you did it
it's the thumb of youth re it's and it's
good to be with you by the way given
that introduction I have to say I'd
rather be in this seat than Paul
Manafort seat right now well I think
that's true for most people and it's
it's a it's a testament to what everyone
knows was an unusually harsh for an
attacked while 2016 campaign and and you
and him are in very different situations
I want to get to so many things
including your views of the Miller probe
where you figure into it but I want to
begin with something you've been leading
on and that Democrats say is so
important to the future of the nation
and that sometimes gets wiped away by
other Trump drama you say that we don't
know enough about Brett Kavanaugh you
say they are being secretive about his
records walk us through why that matters
and what Democrats should do about it
well look how he Cavanaugh served in the
White House as staff secretary that was
the first position I served in for
President Clinton a Todd Stern who
succeeded me in that job and I wrote an
op-ed piece in The Washington Post this
week
noting that the Republicans are really
trying to cover up his record there they
don't want to go to the archives look
what advice he gave President Bush
calling him a traffic cop a paper pusher
saying he didn't create his own
documents and that's nonsense the role
of staff secretary is not well known but
it's a very important policymaking job
he was promoted from senior associate
white House Counsel into that job he
carried the very top title assistant to
the president in the White House he was
clearly a key policy adviser at a time
that President Bush was making important
decisions around restricting abortion
rights trying to push for a
constitutional amendment to ban
gay marriage he was there being the last
stop really on a series of signing
statements that were very controversial
including on a bill that ban torture he
said that he was not involved in the
legal advice that the administration had
the so-called Bybee memo but we can't
know that unless we see those documents
but as karl rove noted everything that
had to do with policy passed through his
hands it was very common to write cover
memos to express your own views and it's
time i think that the democrats demand
to see those records as republicans
demand to see Elena Kagan's records when
she served in the Clinton White House
that was appropriate then I think it's
appropriate now yeah and you mentioned
at least three important issues there
I'll take him off torture abortion and
gay marriage
starting with torture and the Bybee memo
and a lot of the legal Chicana that went
on to try to support what was clearly
ruled to be illegal interrogation and
torture techniques is your view that he
could have been a part of supporting
that and if he would support torture
then what else would he support under
Trump well it is it is clear that Trump
signed legislation that banned torture
those bipartisan legislation but said in
the signing statement that if he
believed that kind of that legislation
was unconstitutional he wouldn't follow
it and mr. Cavanaugh had the last stop
on that signing statement what what his
views that he expressed to the president
in terms of his constitutional authority
were I think is fair game for the the
Senate they ought to know the answer to
that question here's just to be clear I
just want to be clear on you're saying
that in that role your concern is that
he was the sort of the last legal line
and that he cracked the door open to
more potential torture in the way that
he worked in the White House is that
what you're saying I'm saying that
unless you see those documents you don't
know the answer to that question and so
that that's why it's so important to be
able to access those documents we do
know though are that he's a he is a very
strong proponent proponent of strong
executive power and he's written and
spoken extensively about both his
experiencing is
investigating a sitting president that
was President Clinton and then
subsequently his change of heart about
that and the in the notion that that no
sitting president should be forced to
answer subpoenas he's gone so far as to
suggest that even the unanimous decision
in US v Nixon was was wrongly decided
and so we know that after pursuing the
President Clinton during the Starr
investigation he had a change of heart
once he went to work for President Bush
and subsequently so so is that the core
let me ask you is that the core then of
where Democrats are going with this not
that he is a traditional Republican
appointee who may do things that shock
many people most women in America would
be against overturning Roe as well as a
lot of other people but not so much only
that but you're you and the Democrats
are basically saying this person was
picked by Trump to protect Trump that he
is part of a softer type of obstruction
are you prepared to go that far I think
we have to you know I think we have to
examine his record and look at the
context president Trump and mr. Giuliani
has said he's going to decide whether to
force a subpoena for mr. Muller or
whether he's going to voluntary totally
testify that's a decision that could
easily go to the Supreme Court mr.
Kavanagh has expressed his views already
on that subject matter and say in saying
that the president shouldn't be forced
to answer subpoenas and so you know you
never know what's in Donald Trump's mind
but you have to know that he knew that
Kavanaugh was someone who wanted to
protect the president in a context that
he finds himself in and think of the
constitutional crisis we'd be in if he
was the deciding vote in a cut in a in a
constitutional crisis where Mr Muller
actually issued a subpoena and the White
House and dialed Trump refused to comply
with it I think it is a context for this
nomination I'm not casting aspersions on
the integrity of mr. Cavanaugh but he
has well expressed views here and
there's a context in his appointment to
the see
and so I think Democrats I really need
to examine what he intends to do if you
know faced with that choice right and I
understand how precise and measured
you're being while raising the fact that
this is not a drill we're dealing with a
president who seems to delight in
breaking things and and the question of
whether Muller can put him in the grand
jury box if he won't do the interview
unlike the Clinton example where it was
negotiated out may go all the way to the
Supreme Court I mean I think you're
saying something that our viewers know
is a very real possibility in the near
term speaking of the Miller probe I want
to get to that I want to play for you
Donald Trump who did promise to come out
with all of this dirt on your side and
as with all things in politics rough and
dirty is fine illegal or foreign is not
let's look at that moment and then and
then we'll ask you about it okay I am
going to give a major speech on probably
Monday of next week and we're going to
be discussing all of the things that
have taken place with the Clintons I
think you're gonna find it very
informative and very very that was hours
after Donald Trump jr. confirmed the
Trump Tower meeting the president's
former lawyer Michael Cohen now says
Donald Trump knew about it can you shed
any light on that based on what you
experienced then being on the other side
of it and what you've learned pursuant
to the probe because witnesses and
victims are free to talk in public do
you think there is reason to credibly
believe that Donald Trump was in on that
from the beginning and if so is that an
election conspiracy well mr. Trump says
he wasn't but he has no credibility
because he lies all the time mr. Cohen
says he knew about this meeting
clearly the meeting was set up with the
promise of delivering dirt from the
Russians on Secretary Clinton that's the
it was they encouraged it they suggest
that the timing of it mr. Trump said now
says he didn't know about it I don't you
know I think he has very limited
credibility well the one thing we do
know that as a result of the most recent
Muller indictments of the Russian actors
who hacked the DNC hacked my personal
email account hack other individuals in
the in the Clinton
campaign was they got very active after
mr. Trump stood on the stage and said
please you know after they were accused
and really known to be hacking the DNC
mr. Trump stood on the stage and said
please hack Secretary Clinton's emails
that people were aghast by that and and
suggested that that was in fact
treasonous at the time but now we know
that the Russians were listening to him
that they activity that very night and
and when you were on that when you were
inside the campaign that night the next
day did you view that as rhetoric or did
you think then wow he's asking for other
people to commit crimes against us what
do we do about I think was the latter I
think that the the you know we kept
trying to call out and Secretary Clinton
from very early in the in the process
during the really during the primaries
suggested that mr. Trump had definitely
unusual views about the u.s. Russian
bilateral relationship and had adopted
policies that were more in keeping with
president Putin's view than the
bipartisan view here but as time went on
we kept calling attention to the press I
think the press covered it to some
extent but didn't take it very seriously
we now know this was a serious incursion
filled with criminal activity against
our democracy and on that last night
still call it a hoax right you make one
more important point I want to give you
a brief piece on this because we don't
want to exempt ourselves from from the
issues the way that the press covered it
then doesn't look good in the benefit of
hindsight do you think that was largely
because people didn't get the magnitude
of what Russia was doing or because
there was a false sense the Trump was
gonna lose anyway at a kind of antipathy
towards Clinton and do you think that
biased it I think quite frankly I think
a little bit of both I mean it's a
complicated story it's a harder story to
tell
but it was a story that in my view was
it was
as important as the Watergate burglary
this was a incursion it was it was a
criminal as I said criminal activities I
was the victim of one of those crimes
and the press sort of thought it was you
know an interesting political story but
didn't take it with the seriousness that
certainly post-election and now that we
know what we know from the intelligence
community sources was you know a much
more serious attack on our democracy and
you know look that's that spilt milk I
think that right now what's important is
to get all the facts out to protect the
mahler investigation to make sure that
you know I don't know what he's going to
do ultimately with with mr. Trump or
some of his associates but he's clearly
gotten guilty pleas from his national
security adviser from his deputy
campaign manager from senior officials
in in his campaign we know that they had
more than 80 meetings with Russian
sources that excuse me they had more
than 80 contacts with Russian sources
more than 20 meetings with with Russian
actors so I leave it up to mr. mauler
but I think that he's conducted this
professionally quietly and we'll see
where it lands hey I'm already Melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
