dear the injustice reporter Julia
Ainsley joins me now from outside of the
courthouse and Julia let me just that's
this first are we done for the week
we're done for the week we're actually
done until 1:00 p.m. on Monday that's a
long recess for a judge that kept
pressuring the defense to go as quickly
as possible I mean we've really been
breezing through this and we actually
expect prosecution to rest by next week
Chuck and that means Rick Gates the
former partner / now prosecution's star
witness well there were some rumors he
could get there on the stand today but
it looks like we got to wait for Monday
on that one and Chuck just walking
behind me let's see they did see the
lawyers walk across I didn't like we did
no no no we saw while you were talking
we saw man oh don't worry
we caught manna for walking and we just
called gates locket so go all happening
behind me so thank you so much for
catching that that could mean something
in terms of win Rick Gates might testify
lawyers I spoke to today said they
expect him to come sometime between the
middle of the lineup what we got today
was a lot of the tax side it's not the
fashion side that we had at the
beginning of the week when we laid out
we heard how incredibly luxurious his
lifestyle was today we got the meat and
potatoes we found out that there were
tax preparers or at least one tax
preparer Cindy LaPorta who was given
immunity to share her testimony that she
did in fact falsify and knowingly so
some of these tax records to the tune of
about $900,000 changing what would have
been a much higher or much lower income
because she was knowingly
using some information that the she knew
to be false now we're waiting to hear
from Rick gates we hope that'll be
sometime next week maybe the powwow we
saw behind us now is gonna tell us
something that's coming forward next
week Chuck Rick gates obviously will be
key here not only to the prosecution but
to the defense who wants to use rick
gates and discredit him to try to throw
away all this whole case and show that
it was written gates who really was the
bad actor here i want you to tell me
about another piece of testimony today
Phillip
Alif a tax preparer who
I guess was put on the stand to walk us
through all of his cyprus accounts and
suddenly Paul Manafort swipe left the
courtroom whoa describe what happened
there she did it was right at this point
so Phillip bailiff takes the stand he's
very dry pretty monotonous he's a CPA we
don't expect a lot of fireworks but he
gets to one point in his testimony that
make mrs. man afford Kathleen manna for
lower head lower her head dabit ear and
eventually leave the room for about five
minutes and that is when he said they
did not tell me that there were foreign
bank accounts yes I knew they were
foreign entities but I had no idea that
his foreign bank accounts and Cyprus
existed and when I compiled their tax
returns I did so without knowing all of
their income that was a definite piece
where miss manna fort realized there's
some trouble here and what he's saying
we learned a little bit that I guess
they did did the word Trump get out of
today because the Manta forts Trump
Tower condo and rent on that was part of
some falsified documents what where did
that come up today it did not hear the
word Trump but definitely what they
referred to as this Howard Street
property was under big question today
that was really a business property they
used it as a rental they rented out to
make more income but pull mana for it
asked his tax repairer Phil LF he was
just laid out there to say that this was
a private residence for him and his wife
in New York and that they were there
many days of the year when they came to
New York to do business Phillip Alif
refused to do that he said when if you
are trying to get a loan and you want me
to falsify this information i won't i
won't do that and he very clearly in an
e-mail that we saw pointed out to mr.
main afford that he was incorrect of the
way he was describing that residence
Sibylla Capra LaPorta on the other hand
was different she came around when the
mana forts were really in a crunch time
that was 2014-2015 the bottom was
falling out they were taking extreme
measures to falsify what their income
really was what their loans really were
and she did let them blur the lines
between what's cool alone and what's
income so it's all very different
characters from different points and the
main affort life how is the man afford
attorneys explained away this testimony
like how are they countering how are
they cross-examining these these these
witnesses who basically are
collaborating a paper trail so I can't
wait to hear the cross-examination of
Cindy LaPorta that will come Monday we
didn't get to that today we did hear a
pretty brief examination
cross-examination of a left the whole
defense theory here I think can kind of
be boiled down to the term breadcrumbs
they want to say that Paul Manafort left
plenty of breadcrumbs for Phillip
Bayless and for anyone else keeping the
books on Paul may afford to understand
exactly where this information was
coming from that they would have known
that foreign names might have led to
foreign accounts and it really he wasn't
trying to obfuscate anything one of
their arguments were that is that only a
fool would give all of this information
and not expect to be audited and we may
see later when they make their final
arguments that they'll say why is the
government pursuing a criminal case now
when they never audited him and took
similar measures for years well that'll
be interesting to hear those answers
when we return Monday at 1:00 Julia
Ainsley
in front of the courthouse busy day
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
