thing one tonight among the Trump
cabinet secretaries that have not
resigned in disgrace
interior secretary Ryan's inky as
perhaps the most scandal-plagued member
left standing but something you may not
know about him is he's a big fan of beer
in fact Ryan's inky has a beer dream for
years Ryan's inky has been trying
unsuccessfully to get a microbrewery
built in his hometown of whitefish
montana Zinke a former Navy SEAL first
tried way back in 2012 to get approval
to turn a piece of residential property
he owns into a brewery he wanted to call
the double tap
that's SEAL team kill a guy reference
unfortunately the whitefish city
government turned him down think he
didn't give up
in fact he joined a local committee the
next year hoping to change local zoning
laws to make them more hospitable to a
business like his proposed brewery once
again he failed after clashing with
fellow residents about noise and traffic
another huge letdown what does a guy
have to do to get a brewery built in
Whitefish freakin Montana
well becoming the Secretary of the
Interior certainly doesn't hurt
how Halliburton Meads inky's dream come
true is thing too in 60 seconds in the
Trump swamp interior secretary Ryan's
Enki was only overshadowed by our old
friend Scott Pruett but Ziggy's had
plenty of scandals of his own you may
remember the nearly $40,000 of wild fire
preparedness funds used to pay for
sinking to take a helicopter tour or
Ziggy's insistence that a special
secretarial flag be flown at Interior
headquarters whenever he's in the
building
like he's the Queen of England the
latest scandal of a merger on zinc he
may be the strangest the Interior
Department's inspector general is now
investigating whether Zinke colluded to
have the chairman of ala Burton the
giant energy company with lots of
business before the interior build him
the micro brewery he's always wanted in
his hometown of whitefish montana see
the Secretary of the Interior Zinke has
rolled back Obama era rules on fracking
saving companies especially like Harold
Burton a lot of money political reports
there is evidence at the micro brewery
that Halliburton is proposing to build
is the same one as the one zing
has plans since at least 2012 and the
white fish city planner also tells
political the quote the developers of
the project told him the microbrewery
was intended for zinc II for his part
rinds inky has responded to charges with
brewery what brewery quote at this point
in my life I am more interested in
sampling handcrafted beers than making
them
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
