you know I told the story the other day
I was probably in Washington in my
entire life
17 times through 17 times I don't think
I ever stayed overnight you know what
I'm getting at right okay so what if I
told you that we used heard the
president's say was proof that Donald
Trump is the ringleader of a shadowy
cult aimed at simultaneously rooting out
the villainous deep state which has been
secretly running the United States for
years as you all know and a colossal
child sex trafficking network well if
you thought that was dramatic and
spurious we're just getting started
let me introduce you to cue and on a
deranged internet phenomenon trying
desperately to elbow its way into the
mainstream by sending believers with cue
swag to Trump rallies q is the moniker
for the movements Anonymous leader he or
she claims to be a high-level government
official with top-secret security
clearance sharing breadcrumbs and quotes
from time to time and when Trump just
said the number 17 that was apparently a
nod to the group because q is the 17th
letter in the alphabet and it I know you
all think I'm high but not right now
that's just this is the real thing that
these guys do and talk about okay the
story here though is less about a
deranged tinfoil hat conglomerate and
more about the president himself these q
and on people were noticeably president
Trump's rally this week in Tampa and
because of that everyone's gonna be on
the lookout for the Q and on people at
his event tonight in Pennsylvania and in
fact we are already seeing Huen on
people at the event in Pennsylvania
that's a picture from the event there is
that the first sighting of the Q non
person there there's some talk about
license plates in the parking lot
there's gonna be we're gonna have an
orgy of queuing on discussion by the
time we get to 12 hours from now and
this rallies over Clint Watts is back
with us and the rest of the table
remains I want to ask you a question
because we talked about this last night
you freaked me out we're sitting over
there in the greenroom late last night
before Brian Williams a show and you
said I was talking about Russia and you
said you're the Russia guy you're like
we're gonna wrote a book about Russia I
you said I'm not worried about Russia
anymore in social media I'm not worried
about Russia disrupting American
democracy I'm worried
q-not why because the PlayBook that the
Russians use this disinformation
PlayBook is being taken on by everybody
and this Q and on when I look at it is
very American it's it looks to be
american-made and it's more
sophisticated in some ways it's better
production value it's spreading very
quickly it's multi-platform and it
connects with conspiracies and takes on
its own life so it also is talking about
there being a deep state or a government
that almost needs to be overthrown and
they have a video that's called the plan
essentially here's what we are going to
do this is the kind of stuff that leads
to violence public safety problems you
know these conspiracies lead to elected
officials being challenged with
falsehoods so this is what I'm worried
about going forward it's not gonna be
the Russians doing its everybody can I
piggyback on because one of the cuz
Clint is the expert but I dealt a lot
with Russian disinformation one of the
and it's still going on that's why it
was so important what they did today
because there's no off Swift's right so
if you take the internet research agency
which Clint wrote a lot about fifty-five
savushkin Street in st. Petersburg they
are still putting out stuff all day long
and every day I've been a recipient of
it they have very bad English they can't
even curse in a good way these guys if
you have an American disciple of them
that are using those techniques and
knows how to use American vernacular
that is dangerous it's much more
effective I want to bring this back as I
said me in the intro ger I want to be in
the back to trump right so you think
back to 2016 and 2017 things we've seen
you got Charlottesville and the the
swastika neo-nazi folks you've got
people tweeting anti-semitic stuff that
the president was retweeting back in
you've got any Islamic tweet retweets
you've got David Duke in every instance
the president has exhibited one
characteristic which is that if you like
Donald Trump he is loath to distance
himself from you he gives license to all
manner of vile behavior on the part of
these hate groups and other malign
forces is this cute on thing the new
version of that no I think so I mean
look we there was a kind of post-civil
rights consensus John about how we
talked about race it was coded coded
language racial dog whistles but it was
all kind of underneath the surface right
but
with Trump's election it's like you know
the armies of Mordor storming the White
House you know yelling make America
great again and this is just the latest
flank of it right just the latest
battalion because look at this all right
Steve ban is running around Europe
saying we should wear where our ethnic
pride like a badge right with pride
right and so white white pride right and
so here you have folks who are trapped
trafficking white supremacist Launcher
they're using language like globalist
which is deeply and profoundly
anti-semitic because they're talking
about Jewish finance seers who run the
world
right and they're stoking all of this
kind of fear in order to really set the
stage for in some ways disrupting under
you know disrupting the way in which we
move about and Trump has mainstream
times I want to read from a story in the
New York Times of your paper to talk
about what the stakes here are and how
dangerous this is the the paranoid
worldview has crossed over from the
internet and into the real world several
times in recent months on more than one
occasion people believed to be followers
of Qi on have shown up sometimes with
weapons in places that the character
told them were somehow connected to anti
Trump conspiracies in June a man armed
with a rifle and a handgun drove an
armored vehicle to the Hoover Dam on
what he said was a mission from cue and
on to demand that the government release
the Justice Department's report from its
Inspector General the conduct of FBI
agents during the investigation of into
Hillary Clinton's use of a private email
server that is just one example we know
about pizza gate also led someone with a
gun there's a Michael avenatti example
this is this is not just sort of funding
games here and it's not even just like
whacko it's myko conspiracy theories
that are on the Internet this is
crossing the blood-brain barrier into
the place where people are washing up
armed and dangerous talk about that well
look that there has always been a
lunatic fringe in American politics it
has never had somebody who's as tolerant
of them in the White House as Donald
Trump he indulges it to a certain extent
certainly with the white nationalists
and to some extent here look as a matter
of tradecraft John as you know these
rallies are tightly cordoned and if you
come into one your search by this you
could service right and they open your
backpack if they want to keep cue signs
out of this rally they could if they
were worried about it thought they were
giving license to people who are gonna
go shoot up gas stations they could do
something about it
not they're not here's the question
here's I hear I got I want to end on
this question so the answer to this is
what the answer this is is sunlights the
best disinfectant we should talk about q
and on in order to show or about how
dangerous and lethal it potentially is
or is it to ignore this stuff and not
give it a platform this is a raging
debate in social media right now what
I'm a sunlight guy I think sunlight is
the best disinfectant but at the same
time remember it's a free speech issue Q
is not protected by the First Amendment
if it leads directly to violence that is
what Brandenburg has said that is what
the courts have said so when these guys
start incentivizing people to go to blow
up the Hoover Dam they are not protected
by the First Amendment sunlight or
ignore it ignore it ignore it the reason
why I want to ignore it is because then
we can we can deal with it right under
the cover of darkness for real for real
because look people like me and others
we have to deal with the real-life
consequences of these folks and we have
to raise our children in an environment
that they are defining right so I
sunlight fair enough
sunlight is dangerous for some of us we
got hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
