there's another reason he stepped up his
efforts to despise the special councils
probe as the New York Times reports
today mr. Trump believes that he needs a
daily drumbeat of criticisms against the
investigations in order to sway public
opinion in his favor his lawyers have
told him he has no personal legal
exposure and the only threat to him
would be impeachment proceedings if the
Democrats win control the House this
November and still one Brit wonder that
in the last year alone the president
made 78 official presidential statements
on Twitter that the Russia probe is a
witch hunt tonight almost thirty eight
hours since the president called for an
end to the investigation Trump has not
withdrawn his statement all of this all
of this comes amid new signs that the
special counsel continues to pro
potential collusion as New York Times
reports moer is now interested in
speaking to the Russian intermediary you
helped arrange that infamous Trump Tower
meeting with Donald Trump jr. in June of
joining me right now is Peter Baker
chief went up skaars funding for the New
York Times Shannon petit piece what else
correspondent for Bloomberg News and
Clanker stirrer is a former federal
prosecutor who previously worked with
Robert Moore I want to start with Peter
Peter what do you make of Trump's our
latest it does get the clamorous lately
I mean there's the witch-hunt there's
the enemy of the people that would be us
and there's the deep state everybody's
coming at it but it does seem to be
picking up in frequency and harshness
what is Trump up to right now and saying
he's now once the Special Counsel to be
fired for the whole Rob probably to be
eliminated and he wants his Attorney
General to do it right now he's that's
his current position yeah I know it's it
does seem like he's lashing out more and
more lately he was very upset at the
coverage of his meeting with Vladimir
Putin in Helsinki he's very upset at the
you know the news of Michael colonists
former lawyer having taped his
conversation about possible payoff to a
woman who claimed that he had had an
affair with her so you know I think he's
feeling the pressure he's feeling the
heat and he's in he's lashing out now
you know yesterday's tweet takes him
further up toward that line they helped
so far he hasn't been willing to cross
which is to actually give an order
saying fire rod Rosenstein fire you know
robert muller actually taking action
that he knows congress even republicans
would object to pretty strenuously so he
he
inches up close to that line he makes
his point of view well-known but so far
he hasn't been willing to cross it
because even he thinks that might be too
dangerous Glenn I'm not sure about the
prosecutor looks at it I would think
that the Special Counsel hears the guys
say fire me
and he takes it seriously it doesn't say
well that's just an eight-year-old the
white house you know bang it on the crib
it's actually it means something yeah
you know I by the way the president's
defenders act like he isn't it you're
the companion on the side of the crib
because they keep so don't ignore what
he says yeah I think Chris you know when
we look at the president's tweets
first of all tweets equal evidence in a
criminal case they just do there's a
Federal Rule of Evidence it's called
statement of a party opponent if the
president were ever to end up a
defendant in court those tweets are
directly admissible to prove his state
of mind his intent his conduct who he
was angry with and what he intended to
do but guess what
guess what are not admissible in court
walk backs so you know Sarah Huckabee
Sanders trying to walk it back that's
not admissible and it will never modify
what the des pr√©s what the president
tweeted about in court the same holds
true for mr. Giuliani his legs must be
deadly tired from walking so many things
back every walk back will never see the
inside of the courtroom the presidential
tweets will yeah but that's the thing
that this isn't going to be in court is
what the president's lawyers are banking
on that the Justice Department's
guidelines say you cannot indict a
sitting president so they are banking on
that if the president is found of doing
something inappropriately this will then
go to Congress and then that is the
court of public opinion
so that tweet yesterday is all about
chipping away at molars credibility
riling up his base making the point for
the firing of basically the guy price
doesn't that sound like obstruction even
to his friends what else could it be I
mean I viewed that as a political tweet
at something that this investigation is
good for him politically as far as
riling of his base ahead of November
2018 to show what is at stake in the
2018 elections and also what is at stake
with the Supreme Court pick if you get
Kavanagh on there who has been friendly
to the idea of presidential powers that
also helps you in this impeach I just
take him literally and I and I think his
defenders are able to play the game Oh
everybody knows he's a little precocious
kid and he does things out of temper
tantrums
but when he says
one mr. Attorney General to fire this
Fosdick here's to get rid of the whole
operation dismantle it I think he says
it cuz he means anyone said anyway the
same time the president tries to
discredit destroy the investigation he's
negotiated terms I think he's pretending
to at least a potential testimony before
the special counsel he's talking about
maybe talking anyway the New York Times
reports it after eight months of talks
mowers prosecutors are now agreeing to
accept some written answers from the
president but will not limit the scope
of their questions or the topics however
the president's lawyers aren't willing
to concede to follow-up questions in
person setting concerns that mr. Trump
will increase is legal explained you
betcha well despite those remaining
sticking points the president still
willing to meet with bronski's they say
according to The Times because in effect
he believes he can convince the
investigators for the special counsel of
his bullet that their own concrete is a
witch hunt well Rudy Giuliani tells
Politico tonight he will decide whether
to grant special counsel Robert Marr an
interview within a week to ten days
Glenn it seems to me this is like the
North Koreans talking we negotiated with
them on their eyes now for two years on
German and eyes now they want to keep
talking with anyone they keep talking
are they gonna let him in the room with
seasoned prosecutors that Grill him on
his intentions regarding obstruction I
think the answer is no and I'll tell you
mr. Giuliani has been negotiating
against himself for months and months
and months I'm not convinced Bob Muller
was ever negotiating on the other side
but when we saw the reports that bomb
there leaking all this right when we saw
the reports that Bob Muller might be
willing to actually submit some written
questions I thought if that is if that's
accurate here's what he's trying to do
question number one for example could be
you know mr. Trump did you tell director
Comey to lay off Flynn there's only two
answers to that if the president answers
no Bob Muller I'm betting can prove he's
lying about it if he answers yes well
that's evidence of obstruction it's
lose-lose for the president which is
what I predict will happen Bob Miller
will put those written questions
together because he wants everybody to
believe he's giving the president an
opportunity to say his piece and have
his side heard he's going to give mr.
Giuliani that piece of paper mr.
Giuliani is going to look at it realizes
how it exposes the president he's gonna
push that paper back and say I think
we'll pass and that's one of the reasons
Giuliani's proposal to Muller
was will answer questions on collusion
but not on obstruction because they know
if Muller believes Comey or believes
other witnesses that Trump is going to
contradict them and so there he is an
obstruction and perjury right there hey
they're armed Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
