let's bring in michael steele he's a
former spokesperson for then House
Speaker John Boehner knows exactly how
those folks on Capitol Hill think he was
also a senior adviser to Jeb Bush 2016
panels also hear Bill Kristol
Maria Teresa Kumar Lonnie Chen but
Michael would start with you how would
you characterize the mood behind the
scenes and sort of on Capitol Hill there
on the that side of Pennsylvania know
with what's happening in Ohio 12:00 and
and and just suddenly the Koch brothers
feud with Trump
I get the sense that folks are suddenly
going wait a minute this is the wrong
time of the year for these fights to
break open like this I would describe
the mood is determined and resolute
everyone knew this was going to be a
very tough year everyone knew we were
facing historic headwinds everyone knows
that President Trump can tweet or say
things that aren't always helpful at
times that aren't always helpful but if
you look at Ohio 12 I think the polls
are a lagging indicator I think the
president's visit is going to Goose the
support among Republicans in that
district and I think that your MSNBC
colleague Chris Matthews did a
tremendous service by getting O'Connor
to admit what everyone knows that he
will vote for Nancy Pelosi for Speaker
and you're gonna start seeing ads
reminding the people of Ohio 12 about
that today I noticed there's also an ad
saying is is mr. bald Orson going to
support Jim Jordan for speaker in being
in Columbus Ohio the Ohio State now they
have multiple sports scandals right now
when it comes to things but but having
to do with Jim Jordan gets that back for
let me ask you this are we learning now
that actually you know the old axiom
used to be when a political party that
was in power when they were in trouble
the goal was don't nationalize a race we
can run locally well it's turned out
that's not the true the only way for
these races for these Republicans to
survive it appears is to nationalize it
I think there's actually a kind of a
disconnect here I think that there are
districts where you have a higher
college educating population you have a
more moderate electorate places that
have traditionally been battlegrounds
corbello seat in Florida Kaufman in
Colorado where the president is not
necessarily helpful but those are places
where the individual member has done a
great job working their district working
their individual issues making a
connection with
and their own brand and identity it's
the more generic Republican seats seats
like this one or Georgia six where the
President himself is a huge asset the
Koch brothers issue seems like a lot of
uncomfortable Republicans on Capitol
going we'll wait a minute
you guys are you really gonna fight this
way well how serious do you take it I
think it could be a real issue I think
the Koch Network has an extraordinary
job expanding and promoting their vision
for a better America I think that many
of their passionate positions are
different than those of the President
and they're often in the places where
the president disagrees with the rest of
the Republican Party the president is
not historically speaking a Republican
and on areas like trade he is sharply
opposed by the bulk of the rest of the
party Murray I don't know which side are
you wanting the Trump Koch for you I
mean only because the Koch brothers are
doing a really they literally are taking
the karl rove playbook and siphoning off
we're looking into social justice issues
looking into the Latino issues looking
into criminal justice reform and going
into these communities and saying we
don't need all those voters we just need
a couple of them and so it's tough and
the fact that they're also they're
looking at investing in some Democratic
races possibly it's really it's good
it's I think the the Democrats
themselves are kind of like oh shoot
what do we do that they don't know what
to do with it do we want it look I mean
I've had my differences with the cokes
over the years they're at the opposite
spectra end of the spectrum on foreign
policy for example but they believe in
certain things they're free traders
they're free market people they are Pro
moderate liberal views on immigration
criminal justice reform they funded a
huge amount of stuff on that so they
have their principles they want to
support people who agree with them but
what's striking and that's I admire that
I think it's fine what's striking is the
Trump and Trump Lackey response which is
not OK we disagree on some mission we
hope we can work together Steve Bennett
said about the cokes you're bringing
this up you take coke money it's going
to be toxic we are going to let people
know that if you take coke money there's
a punishment if you take money from
people who are against the President and
are looking to put a knife in the back
of the president you were going to pass
but they
really but look at its the RNC the
official Republican National Committee
which is supposed to speak for the
Republican Party not for one guy in the
white house attack the Koch brothers and
warned other donors about throwing down
at donors to the Republican Party you
cannot have your own views you cannot
choose to support more free trade
Republicans as opposed to protection
smokers what kind of party is this now
is this pure Donald Trump cult of
personality that's what the RNC is now
about speaks to these fundamental
fissures in the Republican Party some of
them have been there for a while but
they're really breaking open now whether
it's on trade on immigration on some of
these issues where we've known this
stuff exists you know the question is
how do you run in a competitive district
how do you run a race where you want to
kind of forge your own pathway but doing
so puts you at odds with the president
and the entire Republican apparatus
that's a big problem
Michael scales can look there is a
penalty for opposing the president I
guess that's what the RNC is trying to
warn other donors is that why they took
a shot at the cokes well the president
the president always puts a firm imprint
on the RNC or the DNC whichever party
they're in I think this is probably
unwise I think that a successful
coalition a successful Republican
majority and I think that we need all we
need the support from everyone we can
get across the spectrum to maintain the
Republican majorities in the House and
Senate and that should be our highest
priority this year not in turn s into
disagreements Mario would you would work
with the Koch brothers on criminal
justice reform possibly and some
immigration reform I mean are you
comfortable as a look you have your own
interests and you have your own group
that you leave how are you I actually
think it's very difficult because he
also they are also one of the Koch
brothers are also behind a lot of the
voter suppression they were the ones
that really they funded you would have
whatever I would have a very very hard
time with it and it's because I believe
that their long-term strategy is
actually to divide the the Democratic
Progressive base by siphoning off
certain voters and it's not initially
because they're so well intentioned well
for most folks people would say that
they they're more libertarian than
anything else and all of a sudden
they're like wait we're libertarian but
we we don't understand what
happening in the white house this is a
completely you know dichotomy difference
in opinions for me it's the RNC trying
to intimidate to other donors from
having their own opinions I wonder how
other donors are going to react to that
it's undemocratic and most donors that I
know aren't gonna take into that area
they actually usually think that they're
they're pretty smart that's why they
have money they want his endorsement
they don't want him literally standing
next to him right like that hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press'
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
