begin tonight by trying to make sense of
what happened this afternoon and perhaps
more importantly why it happened and
today of all days look we saw a surprise
full-court press just a few hours ago
from the White House on election
security it featured true heavy hitters
the Director of National Intelligence
dan coats the director of the FBI chris
ray the president's national security
advisor john bolton who called Russia's
intrusion initially an act of war the
homeland security secretary Kirsten
Nielsen and the NSA director Paul naka
Sony and their message was essentially
the same the threat from Russia and
other rogue actors is real the attacks
are ongoing and pervasive our democracy
is in the crosshairs and this
administration they say is on top of it
so is the president in fact they told us
the president explicitly directed them
to make this a top priority and to have
this briefing but folks it's arguably
because of this president that some are
wondering why exactly they chose today
to have this press conference and why
the president himself wasn't there if
this was so important to him some may
wonder why they didn't hold an election
security event like this immediately
after Trump took office in 2017 or they
could have done it when the intelligence
community reaffirmed its conclusions
about Russian interference months after
he took office imagine the entire new
national security team having that event
together back in March or April or how
about when Muller indicted 13 Russian
nationals for interfering in our
election the social media that had been
a good day to do it or when Muller
indicted 12 Russian agents for hacking
the DNC in the Clinton campaign that
also would have been a good day to do it
or when the Senate Intelligence
Committee issued its recommendations
about election security what when
Facebook announced it it uncovered new
efforts to influence our elections you
get the drift again why now well--that's
than 100 dates from the midterms and why
did this happen the day after the
president tweeted about obstructing the
Russia investigation as his campaign
chief is on trial as his former personal
attorney is making serious allegations
against him and as there's a real risk
Muller could subpoena mr. Trump for
testimony folks the bottom line here is
this for some it's gonna take more than
one surprise briefing to convince them
that what we heard today about cracking
down on Russia has the full backing of
the president and that it was not an
effort by
White House communications team
desperate to turn the page from the
other headaches they had been asked
about all week here's an exchange
between a reporter and the FBI director
actually on that exact question why
would the American people believe what
you're saying about the FBI when the
president says that the investigation by
the special counsel is a hoax and what
the press secretary yesterday said that
there was a lot of corruption within the
FBI do you have any response to those
things coming from the White House well
I can assure the American people that
the men and women of the FBI starting
from the director all the way on down
are gonna follow our holes and do our
jobs and what about that Trump group
Putin press conference just two weeks
ago where the president sided with Putin
and against the intelligence chiefs
there's more from today's briefing at
the press conference the president
didn't highlight any of the malign
activities that you have and that his
advisers have and so should Americans
believe that he is listening to you your
advice or that he is going his own way
when he's having meetings like he did
with the President of Russia I think the
president has made it abundantly clear
to everybody who has responsibility in
this area that he cares deeply about it
and that he expects them to do their
jobs to their fullest ability and that
he supports them fully hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV Daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
