I want to go to Kendall a nyan with more
on who he wants to speak to meaning
robert muller and why what can you tell
us hey Chris well I mean Aguilera is a
Russian American pop star russian pop
star sorry who helped set up this Trump
Tower meeting and his lawyer is telling
our colleague and a Scheckter that he is
in talks to be interviewed by special
counsel robert muller that's fairly
significant because the aguillera family
his father aris aguilera off is a
Russian oligarch
with close ties to Vladimir Putin and
they were partners with Donald Trump in
the 2013 Miss America pageant in May and
Aguilera offers a pop star and he
recently made a rather bizarre video
that seemed to suggest he's sort of had
it with Donald Trump the video featured
a Donald Trump impersonator it portrayed
you know scantily clad women in a hotel
room with that Trump in percenter so it
suggests that his interests are not
necessarily aligned with Trump and if
he's willing to talk to robert muller
about what he knows about how that Trump
Tower meeting was set up
that's significant just to recall they
sent the Aguilera off sent a message to
this
music promoter Rob Goldstone to Donald
Trump jr. saying that this Russian
lawyer wanted to meet and had
incriminating information about Hillary
Clinton that's according to emails and
according to Goldstone
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
