but former Trump campaign chairman Paul
Manafort is in court this hour for day
three of his trial for bank and tax
fraud the charges predate the Trump
campaign but could have ramifications
for the campaign if Manta Ford is
convicted and he could face up to ten
years if a jury finds him guilty so
let's take a look at some of the
evidence presented by the special
counsel against Paul manna for the case
stands on two basic legs one that men
afford made tens of millions of dollars
working for Ukrainian politicians and
Russian oligarchs that he never paid
taxes on and two that he took out
fraudulent loans from US banks to
inflate his lifestyle even more mana
fort spent upward of 14 million dollars
to buy several properties in Alexandria
Virginia and Brooklyn to the Hamptons
and that had landscaping housekeeping
and various home improvements done to
boost the value of those homes he then
allegedly inflated his worth on loan
applications like this one taking out
even more money as the special counsel
put it he created cash out of thin air
what do you do with the cash well among
other things he spent more than 1.4
million dollars at clothing stores in
New York and Beverly Hills spending more
than eighteen thousand dollars on this
come on you gotta push in and take a
look at this this is a Python jacket an
$18,000 jacket and by the way that's not
all I'm gonna switch this little swipe
this over to the next one so you can see
what a $15,000 ostrich jacket looks like
we're finally getting a look at this
thanks to the special counsels office
it's an amazingly lavish lifestyle
according to prosecutors here's the
problem everybody can live whatever
lifestyle they want but this one was
nearly tax-free joining me now NBC News
intelligence and national security
reporter Kendall a Neum live outside the
court at MSNBC legal analyst Danny
Cevallos ken good to see you
you've been out there outside there
since the beginning of this trial what's
the early take on how it's going well
you never know how a jury is processing
this Ali but the evidence from where I
sit looks overwhelming I mean it's it's
in black and white it's in the documents
they for all these purchases that you're
describing and and many many more for
example there was just a witness who
said that man afford spent 2.2 million
dollars
home automation services and and sort of
internet and television connections at
his various homes 2.2 million over four
years so for each of these transactions
the government is showing that the money
was wired from these accounts in these
LLC's in Cyprus which the government
alleges was parked there to avoid taxes
and they're later gonna show that man
afford on his tax return checked a box
that said he did not have control of
foreign accounts I mean that's just
irrefutable and the defense from the
opening statements we can tell that
they're going to say that manna fork
didn't mean to fill out that form
incorrectly that he relied on
accountants and advisers they're gonna
try to blame Ric Gates his right-hand
man who was doing some of his business
dealings but it's hard to imagine how
that's gonna fly but you know again you
never know what a jury's gonna do Danny
let's talk about this I you know one
somebody in the jury might say you just
picking on the guy for buying ostrich
jackets and Python jackets and having a
lot of houses he's rich can they not
make their case without saying that hey
this lavish lifestyle was paid for by
either ill-gotten gains or gains that
taxes were not paid on or you know what
what are they trying to do here keep in
mind you're asking a defense attorney
but I agree this is a government
overkill to the degree that they're
showing all of this evidence of a lavish
lifestyle it is admissible however to
show that Matt affort had a motive to
keep up this extravagant expensive
lifestyle net and the motive was to to
have ill-gotten gains to receive his
money without paying taxes on it however
and even the judges pointed this out if
it crosses over into a form of hey jury
look at this rich guy and hate him
because he has a lot of money that's not
a proper purpose for the evidence so the
government has to walk the line but it
just shows and I wrote a column about
this that the government in this case
wants a win badly that's why they charge
crimes like tax perjury the lighter
burden easier to prove and even with all
of this documentary evidence this this
overwhelming avalanche of data against
Paul Manafort in black and white they
still trot in the evidence of this
lifestyle just to put the final cherry
on the top
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
