I find this fascinating that the
president still he's been saying this
all along he wants his story out there
he has nothing to hide he tweets it he
says it but this is also a president
when he wants something he tends to get
it he doesn't listen to his advisers so
does he really want to testify or does
he want to seem like he doesn't have
anything to hide
I think it's really the latter right the
optics and the PR element of this is
really important you have to consider
that the White House has just spent the
past couple of weeks parsing the
president's own words remember when he
was standing next to Vladimir Putin it
was wood versus wouldn't or you know
parsing those words there too yesterday
you heard Giuliani saying oh it was
should not must so you can see a
scenario in which there is a lot of
concern about the president sitting down
with robert muller in that kind of
high-stakes investigation and saying
something that he shouldn't or saying
something that they would have to
clarify later you can see exactly why
most legal experts including the
president's own team don't really want
that to happen so Glenn on the other
side at least they're still talking what
is it that robert muller wants from the
president that he can't really get any
other way than sitting down face-to-face
with him you know so Chris at first when
I heard that Bob Muller might be willing
to either you know reduce the scope of
the questions he wants to ask the
President or even propose them in
writing I thought you know that doesn't
sound like the Bob Muller I worked for
and I know but the more I thought about
it I think he may have concluded that
it's in his tactical interest to for
example offer some written questions to
the president and here's why let's
assume that one of the written questions
to the president is did you ask director
Comey to lay off Mike Flynn there are
only two answers to that if the
president answers no Bob Muller may very
well be able to prove that's a lie and
the president has just earned himself a
crime false statement as part of a
federal investigation that could earn
him up to five years but what if he says
yes I did that could be evidence that he
committed obstruction of justice
blend that even though a face-to-face
may be preferable and all you know we've
all heard all the stories about how you
know they could trap him it's not
necessarily necessary you know it's not
and I have a feeling if Muller decides
to put these questions in writing and he
pushes that sheet of paper across the
table figuratively to the defense they
may look at it they may push it right
back and say you know what
we'll take a pass so Ned the president
obviously wants this investigation to
end Republicans as we're hearing from
Garrett Haake wants this investigation
to end but is there any way you see it
ending without the President of the
United States giving his input whether
it's in writing or you know in a
face-to-face interview well you touched
on the irony here Chris and that's that
President Trump says he wants us to end
his allies in Congress say they want
this to end but the one thing standing
in between this ending and it not is the
president's participation at least in
this obstruction of justice elements of
the inquiry but you know there's there's
another there's another detail in this I
think we're overlooking that the White
House is portraying this as a choice
should the president participate in this
interview or should he not Chris were
you or I where you are limited limits
ability to blee the witness or a target
of a federal investigation we would have
two choices we could talk to federal
investigators if they wanted to talk to
us or we could invoke our Fifth
Amendment rights we do not hear that
coming from this White House they are
portraying this is you know what maybe
the president will cooperate if he feels
like it if we don't feel like it maybe
he won't that is not an option that you
or I would have it doesn't it does not
consistent with the principle of no man
is above the law and yet that is what we
are hearing from the president's
advisors yeah and what we heard all day
from the president's lawyers yesterday
was the argument that when he was
tweeting about Jeff Sessions it was just
an opinion and that the investigation
should end again
I don't know Caitlyn did anything they
say make any sense did they make their
case the fact that they had to parse the
president's own words several times
yesterday I think speaks volumes it
so is important against the backdrop of
reporting from the New York Times that
that Robert Muller is looking at the
president's tweets in this body of
evidence and documents in terms of this
investigation the president is obviously
upset with Jeff Sessions he's made that
known over the past several months this
was the first real directive of course
rod Rosenstein is in charge of this
investigation the question is always
just said since almost seems to be used
to it right he's almost kind of I don't
want to say he's baiting him he's not
but he's he's sort of trying in an in a
in a vague way to respond yeah doesn't
seem really upset about when you look at
his public comments and behavior when
you look at rod Rosen Stein's public
comments and behavior they're really
telling in which in terms of the
confidence that they have in this
investigation even as the president
tries to denigrate them and his entire
Justice Department really you can kind
of see where they stand on this so
democratic denigrating his entire
Justice Department but also yet again
putting his communications team in a
situation where they have to frankly
contradict what has been said in the
past I want to play what Sean Spicer
said way back when about the
presidential tweets last year and then
Sarah Sanders just yesterday our
president Trump's tweets considered
official White House statements well the
president is the president United States
so they're considered official
statements by the president United
States change in posture by the
president it's not an order it's the
president's opinion and then you have
Rudy Giuliani saying the president used
the word should not must as we pointed
out legally speaking does the
president's tweet carry any weight when
it comes to the question of obstruction
of justice Chris let me tell you how the
rules of evidence would apply to the
president's tweets there's a rule called
statement of party opponents and all
that is is that when we have a defendant
in court
anything that defendant said anything he
wrote anything he tweeted is considered
his statement that the the prosecutors
can introduce as evidence against him
and whether Sarah Huckabee Sanders tries
to walk it back or mr. Giuliani tries to
walk it back guess what those walk backs
are not are not admissible in a court of
law
but the president's tweets are and they
are telling when he says things like you
know AG sessions should stop this witch
hunt that sure sounds pretty direct to
me Ned do you think the president
undermined his own case by going after
sessions yesterday
well he's undermined his own case all
along he's undermined his case and he's
also once again underscored his
ignorance of the whole process going
after Jeff Sessions who is recused from
this matter but look at President Trump
has a strategy a strategy that he has
followed since the onset of this probe
and that seems to be to get ahead of
where this is going it seems to be a
strategy of trying to proactively
discredit Bob Miller to try to
proactively discredit Bob Mueller's team
knowing that this team is working on a
report a report that most likely will be
submitted to Congress at which point
Congress will have to render a verdict
in terms of if they pursue impeachment
proceedings or not what President Trump
seems to be doing by with all of this by
going after Jeff Sessions by going after
ROC Rosen Stein by going after Andy
McKay by going after Bob Muller
by going after anyone else who has
touched this ongoing criminal probe
is to try to make this into an empty
vessel before it's even completed so
that when it is presented to president
Trump's allies in Congress they will
just shrug it off they will say this is
the work of Bob Muller in his 13 angry
Democrats quote unquote
and you know what unfortunately it seems
to be working if you look at how
congressional Republicans have responded
to these threats with the shrug that is
exactly what President Trump has sought
all along let me ask you really quickly
kaitland we also heard really Rudy
Giuliani I don't want to leave this out
say yesterday this election is going to
be about impeachment or no impeachment
is he right well Republicans are talking
a lot about impeachment and
congressional races as kind of a
boogeyman of sorts warning their base
that if Democrats take over the house
they're going to move to impeach the
president you've also heard Garrett
mentioned Republicans on Capitol Hill
want to get this wrapped up quickly
because they don't want it to be an
issue I've talked to Republican
campaigns and candidates who are running
in this cycle who are echoing the
president's own words of voguing the
idea that this is a witch hunt and they
think that this kind of rallies their
base that they see themselves as kind of
in this fight with the president against
these powers they say that are trying to
defy him and his agenda so the president
I think that brings up a great point
which is that this is all part of the PR
strategy the strategy to sway public
opinion especially heading into a
midterm election
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
