we love it joining us now former deputy
national security adviser under
President Obama now in NBC News and
MSNBC political contributor Ben Rhodes
his new book is titled
the world as it is a memoir of the Obama
White House it's great to have you on
you know see me Ben I have been very
critical at times of Barack Obama's
foreign policy and I want to tell you
this sorry Obama in 2007 in the debate
say that he would talk to Iran
unilaterally and North Korea what a sign
of weakness let me just tell you
something for all of Donald Trump's
failings Trump would never say that he
would talk to Iran from a position not a
strength yeah I just can actually I'm
serious can you believe the Republicans
that were critical of Barack Obama for
seven eight years who now say nothing
about Donald Trump saying we don't want
to even negotiate from a position of
strength for the run we just want to
talk to him yeah yeah well or had this
constant heaping of praise on kim
jung-eun also even president obama had
to included a North Korea on that list
with Iran and literally people went into
you know complete conniption fits have
you seen the Fox News clips the before
in answers yes stunning in it look
sometimes hypocrisy is just hitting you
so hard in the face you don't know what
to do with it but the reality is it just
makes you question is there any
fundamental principle I used to look to
the Republican Party it's a party they
would be for the strongest possible line
on Russia run and the most suspicion of
diplomacy with adversaries like Iran and
North Korea I didn't always agree with
those positions but respected them as
the bedrock principles of the Republican
Party those are completely removed now
and the question is what does the
Republican Party therefore stand for on
these national security you know what's
so troubling you look at Helsinki what's
so troubling is that since Helsinki
since the private meeting forget about
how Donald Trump made a fool of himself
on the world stage but that private
meeting now we have to ask ourselves
every time minuchin comes out and says
hey listen let's lift sanctions on one
of putin's oligarch friends
what is that an order from Putin and
that private meeting or hey let's start
talking to one of Iran's one of Russia's
most strategic allies in the Middle East
yeah it was he order to do that yeah I
can go down the list one thing after
another post Helsinki suggests that
Donald Trump is following somebody
script and it's not his own well if the
script had been written for him that
week by the Kremlin here's what he would
have done he would have attacked NATO I
would have picked a fight with Angela
Merkel who is the biggest antagonist of
Vladimir Putin in Europe he would have
destabilized British politics more which
he did and then he would have sat alone
with Vladimir Putin like he did and so
the people are also asking that question
Joe are our allies the reason you would
normally have at least one person in
that room is to read out the rest of the
meeting to our government but also to
our friends you know you don't want them
wandering in London in Berlin in Paris
what did the US president talk about
alone never mind
in Eastern Europe where you know their
very survival depends on our security
guarantee so none of our allies who
depend on us for their security have any
idea what he was talking about along
with Putin and what they see is he's
basically following a script that could
have been written for him by the Kremlin
it right there wasn't it and like you
also want somebody in the room with you
so a former KGB agent who who deals in
disinformation more than anybody else on
the planet doesn't twist your words out
of the proper context and their readout
of the meeting well they're the only
ones with a readout on the meeting yeah
and then they have whatever they had on
them before or potentially had on them
before they have even more now as a
result of that meeting given his public
statements but you know been as you know
it's hard to focus on things right below
sea level because we're inundated every
day with tweets and the Russia stuff and
everything like that but they were
there's an impact to the American public
right now because of the trade war that
has begun I mean talking about 25% and
China and think that when when you were
there President Obama instituted TPP the
trans-pacific trade pact so what was the
objective of the trade pact what
difference would the trade pact have
made if it hadn't been thrown out the
window by the trumpet
ministration right now on this
burgeoning tre dangerously burgeoning 12
your two things one is we wanted to open
up some of the biggest markets in Asia
but - this is very important that was a
part of getting tough on China there are
huge problems that we have with China
that we have to address in terms of our
trade relationship the way to go into
that fight is to build your own team and
isolate the Chinese so what we did is we
said okay we're going to organize the
rest of Asia into a trade agreement with
us so that then when we go into the
fight with China about what they're
doing to our goods about how they're
stealing our intellectual property we're
in a much stronger position the danger
here is trump is picking trade fights
with our allies at the same time that
he's doing with China which gives him
much less leverage and leaves us much
more vulnerable because the rest of the
world could gang up on us and our
workers our farmers our businesses are
the ones they're gonna hurt for that so
he's not going to be able to get the
European Union Angela Merkel and they
could join him and no and that's that's
when this comes home to roost with
allies right when you need them and if
in a scrap whether it's a trade scrapper
we're trying to go after terrorists
they're gonna be much less likely to put
skin in the game or renegotiating with
Iran again yeah a bad I believed it was
a bad deal but getting out of it now
only isolates the United States more and
there's nothing we can do now willing to
get our European allies to at least
stand at the site from a minute if we
want to renegotiate certain terms that
that we may find undesirable that mean
you can go across and then there's North
Korea where the president took the
meeting with Kim jong-un and stepped
away from the photo-op and within days
declared North Korea's no longer a
nuclear threat yeah we know just from
reporting this week they continue to
produce fissile material actually the
Secretary of State testified to that we
know they continue to produce ballistic
missiles perhaps a warhead could be
attached to those ballistic missiles
missiles that could reach the United
States is there ever a moment to trust
North Korea it seems that the president
in this administration has sort of put a
blind trust to North Korea is that
foolhardy yes and and look and Jo you
would have killed us if we walked away
from a deal with Iran or North Korea
that had no international inspections oh
good lord
no timeline for denuclearization you
cannot trust anything they do unless
there are international inspectors in
there there
buying it as they do it my biggest
concern that Willie is he's so eager to
make this a success that hands so much
leverage to the North Koreans because
they know that Trump has to make this
look like the biggest win ever so they
all they have to do you know is you know
periodically you know have some people
in the North Korea say they're blowing
up some building it could be any
building right we don't know if they're
not international inspectors in there
they have their nuclear weapons they
have their missiles none of that is
changing and yet Trump is still praising
their leader giving them international
legitimacy you know that that sanctions
regime will start to fray given how much
he's heaping praise on Kim Young on
which by the way to be fair again one of
my complaints about the negotiations
with Iran is I thought that the
president and the Secretary of State
wanted that deal too much but my god you
had painstaking negotiations yeah I'm
and time again there was a
back-and-forth it was tense it took a
long time yeah I didn't love the outcome
of the deal yeah but there were a lot of
people like David Ignatius who said yes
it's a gamble it's a cosmic gamble but
if it pays off man there'll be a great
result here yeah Donald Trump just wing
it on the world stage yeah and actually
holding them not holding them to account
at all well if you think about it Joe I
mean there's not a single international
inspector in there we don't there's no
timeline whatsoever for them to go up
there nuclear weapons but also when he's
saying this leader is beloved by his
people yeah you know one of the things
you think about in government is how is
this gonna run on their state television
right they're watching that in the gulag
today you know that I'm sure that they
are playing in a loop the President of
the United States saying that Kim Young
and his beloved by his people he's
handed him what every dictator wants
what is that validation so I remember he
said I should give my people that back
like oh I know I mean he admires yeah
we're getting into Idi Amin territory
see I get to say demeaning the kids tell
the caller when try Cerrone yes let's go
treat for a long time let's take a step
back I won't ask you about a couple of
things that happened over the eight
years that President Obama was in office
I remember at the beginning of your term
being out on a book tour with
dr. Burzynski and mica and he he was
talking about the possibilities of
Turkey being a bridge between Europe and
the Middle East and there was great hope
yeah and he believed that if Turkey
could be turned it would make such a
huge difference in both regions
obviously over those eight years for
internal reasons that just hasn't
happened where are we now who is Turkey
to the United States of America are they
an ally are they an adversary at what
point do we say enough erdowan enough
well the fact is you know turkey is one
of those countries that it's gone from
being an ally I mean in there in NATO
right so we have a formal alliance
relationship with them to being one of
those countries it's a mixed bag where
we do work with them on some very
important things right and we do depend
on them for some counterterrorism
cooperation but the fact is what
happened over the last eight years is
air duan has just turned into an
authoritarian and every decision that he
makes is through the prism of does this
empower me and that is dangerous for us
because when he needs to work against us
or we need to demagogue us or blame us
for things he's gonna work against our
interests well maybe what you're saying
and what a lot of other foreign policy
leaders are saying is we can't tell her
to 1 to go to hell because there are
some strategic ways that r1 and Turkey
still help the United States yes and he
has a huge amount of leverage on Europe
with these refugee deals that he makes
to stop the flow of refugees up into
Europe I would like to see us get
tougher on him though I think you know
he gets too much of a pass particularly
for what he's doing internally a lot of
what he's doing internally though Joe is
there's a few countries on earth
certainly countries that we thought of
once as democracies that are harder on
journalists and independent media than
Turkey right now at least last year he
was the hardest yeah and it was jelling
skilling and the USS squandered when
we're calling the press the enemy of the
state here our ability to say at erawan
you know you got to let these
journalists out of prison you know
that's gone all right so Ben stay with
us you still speak regularly with
President Obama we want to get your take
on what he's thinking about what's
happening looking up to the midterms he
just announced dozens of new
endorsements for the midterms
and it is interesting who is not on the
list that is next on Morning Joe thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
