one of our guests last night who was in
attendance at the Trump rally in Tampa
mentioned seeing members of the fringe
right-wing including a conspiracy group
the members of which display the letter
Q prominently we saw it in the crowd and
signs and on shirts and the Q stands for
Q and on the group got its start on the
web they believe they've received Intel
from a top government source a mole at
the highest reaches of our government
and there is no end to the false rumors
they have pushed including a smear
effort headquartered on YouTube alleging
several Hollywood celebrities Democratic
politicians and others so-called elites
are pedophiles involved in a global
child sex ring they believe the Muller
investigation is actually about Obama
and Clinton and that Trump is made to
appear as more of the cover and here is
the comment from Trump that gave this
group a lot of fuel a photo op during a
White House dinner for military
commanders and their spouses and note
what the president says here which would
normally be filed under the kind of toss
off comment the president sometimes
makes business
calm before the storm NBC News reporter
Ben Collins covers this digital world
for the network and has been looking
into this group and writing about them
as we mentioned we've asked Clinton
Watts former FBI special agent to stick
around and be a part of this Ben did I
get their motives and some of their
beliefs about right and what else should
we know about them unfortunately you got
it all right there's not much to know
about them basically this is fan fiction
this is a conspiracy theory that you
know Donald Trump is doing everything
right and anything that looks like he's
doing wrong is actually the right thing
they misconstrue typos intentionally to
make it look like he's been on it this
whole thing and I you know at the end of
the day this is just in a situation
where people on the Internet we can't
really grapple with the reality of this
situation I've decided to take out all
this disinformation on their political
enemies and that's what you see here
they've accused all of these people from
celebrities to politicians of being a
part of a child sex ring that simply
does not exist we thought this was over
with the pizza gate but it just amped
itself up with the help of a whole lot
of different people on Twitter reddit in
Facebook and Clint you do your work your
life's work as we do ours in a free
society where it's hard to limit this
kind of thing it's hard to squelch or
suppress it look at the climate this is
coming up in right and going back to
years ago we saw the Kremlin pushing a
lot of disinformation around the
election but what we're seeing now is
everybody adopting those techniques so
there's a lot of artificial production
in terms of social media social BOTS
amplification you're seeing very
high-end production the videos are very
good which makes them more convincing
and you're seeing them spread very
rapidly in a much quicker way so like
the key phrase there the calm before the
storm what you can do is if you're a
good social engineer you can pick out
these phrases that are catching with the
audience and combine them into a
conspiracy that seem
more convincing to people that don't
really know the details so I'm not so
much worried just about Russian
disinformation say I'm I'm worried about
American disinformation because it's a
public safety issue a lot of these
conspiracies we've seen people show up
with weapons we've seen shutdowns you
know police emergencies that have come
from it and if you look at this this has
got all the elements of what would maybe
be an uprising or advocating for
violence or nudging people towards it or
even political upheaval so I think it's
a really dangerous phenomenon especially
when you see it tied to the president
and his rallies been and the immortal
words of my late mother who had no idea
groups like this would someday surface
in her country it's all fun and games
till someone gets hurt what is the
danger of something going really wrong
sure we've already seen it with the
pizza gate situation where comet pizza
you know last year right exactly a man
walked into a pizza Parliament and shot
it up assuming there was a child sex
ring in the basement trying to
investigate it
now with queued on there's already some
real-life examples right there was guy
who blocked the entrance of the Hoover
Dam a couple weeks ago he's since he's
gotten into jail he's sent a bunch of
wild letters to the president talking
about human on conspiracy theories
there's a guy in Arizona Tucson Arizona
who has for the past few weeks he got a
felony trespassing charge because he
believed that a homeless camp was a
child sex trafficking camp it had
nothing to do with it he was live
streaming it on YouTube and Facebook
until Facebook finally brought all this
stuff down this stuff has real-life
consequences happening all the time now
and these people putting up queue signs
everywhere Trump rallies are it's not
going to help it Clint how much do you
fear that this group is getting a wink
and a nod from the right people to not
stop and what can the government do in a
free society yeah I think it was a
little over a year ago I talked you know
part of the reason this works is because
we have politicians in this country that
are doing influence operations that are
very similar that we see to foreign
media influence and I think the other
big thing is we had a hearing today in
the Senate the Senate Intel committee
you know was talking about social media
and disinformation
and people can make fake news they can
make manipulated truths they can make
conspiracies
faster than the social media companies
can identify them and SWAT them down and
in that lag time we have lots of changes
happening one in four people in a poll
in Texas don't think they should have
their children vaccinated four and ten
don't actually think it's a bad idea for
Russia maybe to meddle in our elections
so these are having real changes in our
society it's breaking us up and dividing
us and it's a very efficient technique
for hidden manipulators those people
with sophisticated technology that can
mine and figure out what grabs with an
audience which couldn't slickly produce
this content can actually drive major
events on our country political public
safety you could get people to show up
under false auspices ease with rifles
this is a dangerous situation and if our
politicians are maybe not tamping it
down but just not saying much about it
or letting it go because it might be
beneficial in the near term it could be
really devastating to our country in the
world of course this week we learned
people could show up with guns they have
compiled on a 3d printer
the president's next rally is tomorrow
night wilkes-barre PA you've got another
rally this weekend in Ohio we will all
watch for this and see who turns out in
both cases we'd love to have you
gentlemen both on again on this subject
if you'd agree to that thank you so much
for coming on it's a disturbing topic
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
