now to the trial mullahs prosecutors
moving fast in day two of Paul Manta
Ford's trial which is what's generally
required in this rocket docket in fact
the prosecutors say they're way ahead of
schedule on this trial and they could
rest their case as early as next week
now many witnesses may be afraid of
Miller's team but the judge there ts
Ellis is definitely not of course he's
not supposed to be on day one
seconds after prosecutor who's oh a
Sonier started delivering his opening
statement judge Ellis cut him off the
prosecutor was saying a man in this
courtroom believed the law did not apply
to him not tax law not banking laws this
man collected over sixty million dollars
for his work in a European country
called Ukraine but this man didn't want
to report all his income
so he used shell companies and foreign
bank accounts to funnel and then boom
the judge interrupts the evidence you
contend will show this prosecutor says
yes your honor and judge Ellis then does
a little Smackdown well that's the way I
would put it mister as Sonier and the
prosecutor tried to continue saying to
funnel millions of dollars and judge
Ellis
claps back and says did you hear what I
said then we get a more typical response
the prosecutor says yes your honor and
judge Ellis says all right do it that
way please
now Ellis did press both sides he is a
known stickler
he told Manta Ford's lawyers they also
must speak in terms of evidence and not
sweeping claims telling them quote it's
preferable if you couch in this case
your argument or your defense in terms
of quote you will hear evidence that
dot-dot-dot now right out of the gate
that has been the issue today day two
judge Ellis
he didn't mellow out at all at one point
he scolded the prosecutors and the
defense team to rein in their facial
expressions quote it's been reported
that lawyers upon leaving the bench roll
their eyes communicating to those who
are watching them essentially why do we
have to put up with this idiot judge
don't do that obviously if I were to see
it I might be a little upset you can see
that running a courtroom sometimes is no
different than dealing with well your
average teenager at least in the view of
this judge on the record put aside the
facial expressions though and what's
going on is the judge is trying to trim
the sails of these aggressive lawyer
and that includes molars aggressive
prosecutors judge Alice took issue for
example with the word oligarch arguing
in Oleg our key is just despotic power
exercised by a privileged few and that
by that definition principles of high
schools or oligarchs - what he was
getting at he explained was what I want
to avoid is some how to use the term
oligarch to mean man affort was
consorting and being paid by people who
are themselves criminals the only thing
we really know about them is if they had
a lot of money the word oligarch has
come to have a pejorative meeting and he
then and this is what legally matters he
told them look find another term to use
now almost immediately not being able to
say the word oligarch that's kind of
like a banana peel for the prosecution
and I'll read to you again from what
we're learning from this big trial the
payments were made on behalf of mr.
Yanukovych by that I would say oligarchs
the prosecutor says but by the wealthy
businessman and judge Alice did want to
know who paid that money to Yanukovych
the prosecution said those are the
oligarchs and judge Ellis said all right
those are the individuals who financed
it don't use that term and now we go
back to what good lawyers do they said
under stood now there was also a matter
of whether the prosecution can use
photographs of mana forts very expensive
suits as evidence there were brand names
that were basically Greek to this judge
he said I can't recognize these names if
it doesn't say Men's Wearhouse I don't
know it and that got something of a
laugh in his courtroom but then what
happened did not and again we're showing
you this because it matters legally
judge Ellis hinting that these pictures
of mana forts very fancy suits may never
get to the jury now the big curveball
came when Judge Alice started
questioning other evidence that pertain
to Rick gates that's of course mana
Ford's former deputy who Muller got to
cooperate Gates's testimony of course
has the potential to be the most
riveting pivotal portion of this trial
maybe of the whole Miller prosecution up
to this point because we are talking
about the deputy campaign manager for
Donald Trump who flipped but look at
this judge Alice says quote you're gonna
offer up mr. gates aren't you and
Miller's prosecutor says your honor
we're not sure if we are he may testify
in this case
Your Honor he may not that is one of
those things that sounds very measured
we may do this we may not but actually
has really big repercussions of what we
all are going to learn out of this case
so why would the prosecution be
considering not putting what has been
described as their star witness on the
stand it's a big question I'm joined now
by Barbara McQuade a former federal
prosecutor who was at the Manor for
trial today and Josh Gerstein who was in
there too reporting as politico's
correspondent and he's been covering the
mana Ford case since the beginning good
evening to both of you
Barbara I put that question to you yeah
about whether gates will testify you're
really interesting moment in the trial
and there was sort of a sudden hush in
the courtroom and then a sudden
scurrying in the courtroom when a number
of people ran out the back in fact judge
Ellis himself said that's a surprise to
me and apparently to about 25 other
people in the courtroom who just ran out
of here like rats fleeing a sinking ship
presumably reporters who are going to
report back this this statement and if
you think about it it may very well be
that they decide not to call Ricketts in
my view the case is coming in very well
they've gotten in lots of documents you
know this is primarily a paper case
which if you're a prosecutor is a dream
because paper doesn't lie paper doesn't
forget paper doesn't admit to biases and
so if you can prove your case with paper
you may not need a live witness who can
go sideways in a lot of ways and so it
sounds like they're playing it by ear
but that they Merritt may very well end
up not calling Ricketts because they
just don't need to and he presents some
potential risks I'll follow up to you on
that good trial litigators have no ego
they have no attachment to anything
that's come before they just want to
make the case to win is there something
here going on where they may have found
that some of the undercutting by Manta
Ford's defense counsel was effective
enough that they want to keep this
option open yeah I think so you know
they they were non-committal today and
they don't need to be when you put a
name on your witness list it really is
who you may call as long as they are on
the list you may call them but you don't
have to call all of them and you know
when you do call a witness you're
required to turn over all of their prior
statements on the subject matter and
you're required to turn over any
that could be used to attack their
credibility like the plea deal like
anything you know bad that he has
admitted to any statements he's made
about the Russia matter so it may be
that prosecutors would rather hold that
information close to the vest for now
and save him as a witness in the
Washington DC trial that's gonna occur
in September they can get through this
one on paper and save him I think
they'll view that as a good thing so
they can make that call next week when
they see how the cases come in and
decide whether they need to call him at
all
Josh walk us through a little more color
from the Reading Rainbow segments we
began with which is taking just a few
quotes what did it feel like in the
courtroom did you ever see eye rolling
and how pivotal is this judge I think
some of the eye rolling may have come
during the jury selection process when
we had some very long sidebars
the judge does seem to really be riding
the prosecution now there wouldn't be
any reason for him to be riding the
defense because the defense at the
moment is just putting in a few
cross-examination questions at the end
of each witness that's called by the
prosecution so it's really the
prosecution's ball on their side of the
field at this point and the judge is
basically limiting the amount of
evidence that I think the defense might
view as prejudicial
as you mentioned these this issues of
the photos or the photos of the ostrich
jacket photos of the home renovations
that were very expensive the photos of
all the suits of all the other luxury
goods that manna Ford used money to buy
money that the prosecution says came
from his work in Ukraine but the judge
is trying to keep it this really to
facts and figures to the invoices yes
let me draw you out on that I mean do
you think it's fair there's sort of a
view the criticism of the Moller team
here is that they're trying to make Paul
Nana Ford out like he's Sean Diddy Combs
and he had these fancy coats and he had
these fancy brands and that legally
that's not the problem so it's kind of
unfair and what they really have to
prove is that there was tax evasion do
you think the judges is hitting that
right and fairly I think he is although
he does bring it up an awful lot I'd say
roughly every hour or two he makes a
comment about
Manta Ford is not on trial for being
rich or for having a lavish lifestyle or
extravagant tastes and the prosecutors
will often agree with the judge but they
insist that they need to show the value
of these luxury goods and that mana fort
was getting them to really convince
jurors that mana Ford's tax returns
could not possibly have covered the
lifestyle that he was living in addition
to you know trying to prove this point
of the very very strange payment
arrangements nearly every vendor who
came up said that they were paid by
these overseas wire transfers from shell
companies whose names they'd never heard
of or only got from mana fort and today
we also had this strange development of
forged invoices a couple of vendors
saying that they were being shown
invoices with their company's name at
the top of the letterhead but that they
were not authentic and it appears that
somebody forged those as part of the
process of getting these bills paid by
these shell companies overseas honestly
it sounds exhausting to be that shady
all the time but we don't always relate
to what defendants are accused of
innocent till proven guilty of course
former US Attorney Barbara McQuade and
politico's Josh Gerstein thank you both
we have one more note as we've been
talking all about this mana fort has
those expensive tastes and that includes
we're gonna show you a fifteen thousand
dollar ostrich coat Josh just mentioned
it we want you to see it because you're
not a juror so you have every right to
the information that's out there here is
we submit to you the ostrich code in
question and we submit it to you without
comment we'll be right back hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
