well today is an historic day a truly
historic day in the Trump presidency in
this country it is an historic day in
the 229 year history of the American
presidency because today we did really
arrive at the Fifth Avenue moment I
could stand in the middle of Fifth
Avenue and shoot somebody and I wouldn't
lose any voters okay
today was that day today the President
appeared to commit a crime in public and
for the last two and a half years since
Donald Trump said he could shoot someone
on Fifth Avenue and get away with it he
has been preparing his voters for this
day and he has been preparing the
Republican Party for this day and he has
been preparing the American news media
for this day and the president's plan
appears to have worked he has
successfully brainwashed his voters to
the point where they just don't accept
what they don't just accept what he did
today they will cheer for it they do
cheer for and as we saw last night they
will scream and curse and threaten any
reporters who challenge the president in
any way for the Fifth Avenue moment
today the Republican Party which sent 16
candidates into battle with Donald Trump
for the Republican presidential
nomination has completely surrendered to
Donald Trump and those defeated
Republican candidates who still have
jobs in the United States Senate where
they could control the Trump presidency
have completely surrendered to the Trump
presidency they all appear completely
brainwashed now we have never seen
anything like this in American politics
and today is the day that the president
needed them to all be brainwashed
senator Ted Cruz said absolutely nothing
today not one word when Donald Trump had
his Fifth Avenue moment when Donald
Trump publicly obstructed justice today
which he did in more than one way which
we will get into in a moment not one
word from Ted Cruz about that today and
here is what that same Ted Cruz said
about the president two years ago
this man is a pathological liar he
doesn't know the difference between
truth and lies he lies practically every
word that comes out of his mouth the man
cannot tell the truth but he combines it
with being a narcissist a narcissist at
a level I don't think this country has
ever seen
the man is utterly amoral if morality
does not exist for him now Ted Cruz
worships at the altar of non Trump Ted
Cruz has forgiven every sin Donald Trump
committed against him against his father
and the horrible things he said about
Ted Cruz's wife Ted Cruz has even forced
his young children to shake the hand of
the man he called utterly amoral Marco
Rubio did not sound afraid of Donald
Trump two years ago he's a con man I
think it's time to unmask I will not
allow the conservative movement to be
taken over by a car nerdist by the name
of Donald Trump and today that same
person sounded brainwashed president
Trump is calling on its sessions to end
this rigid which one right now and he
said that before I've already told you
guys my feelings about it so I think
mother should finish his work and the
truth
you're the president and good for the
country he said that before
no he hasn't said that before the Trump
brainwashing is working when Donald
Trump says something outrageous and
criminal that he has never said before
and it feels like sounds like he has
said it before it's the brainwashing
that makes it feel that way the
year-and-a-half of beating down any and
all Republican resistance to the point
where every new crazy illegal thing that
the President does feels familiar feels
like a place we've already been we are
in a new place tonight though thanks to
the president's tweet this morning
saying Attorney General Jeff Sessions
should stop this rigged witch-hunt right
now before it continues to stain our
country any further
Bob Mahler is totally conflicted and his
seventeen angry Democrats that are doing
his dirty work are a disgrace to us a
exclamation point there are two
potential crimes in that tweet - one of
which has not been mentioned at all
today and our first guest tonight
chilled wine banks noticed it and she
and I will discuss it in depth later in
this hour
Democrats were outraged by the
president's obvious attempt at
obstruction of justice today but
Republicans in their surrender to
trumpism have forgotten what they used
to think about special prosecutors
investigations of presidents of the
United States mr. pres not deeply
trouble today because judge Starr's
pursuit of the truth is being undermined
every step of the way every single day
in the press by those whose sole mission
is to attack and impugn the
court-appointed independent prosecutor
and the congressionally created process
and these attackers are not the
journalists or the broadcasters mr.
president what troubles me the most here
is that these reckless attacks these
ruthless onslaughts are being carried
out by the closest advisors to the
President of the United States my point
here mr. president simple the attacks on
a star unfound an unproductive the
attacks are in fact unconscionable
unconscionable this is the moment in
Mitch McConnell's career when standing
up to the unconscionable is the most
important thing he can do it is the most
important moment in Mitch McConnell's
career and there will not be a video
library that lives forever in history
showing what which McConnell had to say
at this point in the challenge that
Donald Trump presents to the United
States of America because Mitch
McConnell has been so silent at every
turn in history we will be turning to
the blank tape of Mitch McConnell saying
nothing about what Donald Trump does
that Mitch McConnell was silent today he
was silent today in the face of a
president publicly obstructing justice
Mitch McConnell could not find one word
to say about it presence of the United
States cannot comment on ongoing
criminal investigations and prosecutions
and Mitch McConnell used to know that
everyone knew that prior to Donald Trump
it only happened once in the modern
history of the presidency and it was a
shocking mistake made by the well
trained lawyer turned president Richard
Nixon I noted for example the coverage
of the Charles Manson case when I was in
Los Angeles front page every day in the
papers it usually got a couple of
minutes from the evening news here is a
man who was guilty directly or
indirectly eight murders without reason
and the country and the news media were
stunned because the problem was Charles
Manson was still on trial for those
murders when the President of the United
States said that he was guilty and so
immediately that very day in court in
Los Angeles Charles Manson's lawyers
move for a mistrial in the case because
the President of the United States
prejudiced the outcome President Nixon's
press secretary immediately issued a
statement saying that the president did
not mean to suggest that Charles Manson
was guilty and later that same day
President
Nixon issued a carefully written
statement saying I do not know and did
not intend to speculate as to whether
the Sharon Tate defendants are guilty in
fact or not all of the facts in the case
have not yet been presented the Manson
trial judge was able to deny the motion
for a mistrial only because he believed
no damage was done by the president's
comments because the jury was
sequestered in the Ambassador Hotel in
Los Angeles where they were not allowed
to read or hear any comments about the
case what Paul manna forts jury is not
sequestered they are going home every
night with an instruction from the judge
to not read or listen to anything about
the case so the metaphor jurors are at
home tonight in a country where the
President of the United States today
called the prosecutors in their case
angry Democrats who are doing dirty work
Richard Nixon at his worst moment
wouldn't dare call the lawyers defending
Charles Manson a disgrace to the USA and
that is exactly what the President of
the United States called Paul manna for
its prosecutors today a disgrace to USA
so the president is actively interfering
in a current prosecution in court and he
is trying to stop any other prosecutions
brought by Robert Mahler and stopped the
Muller investigation entirely and he did
all of that in public today because his
lawyer told him to last week where did
Giuliani said if you're going to
obstruct justice you do it quietly and
secretly not in public Giuliani is
insisting now that it is impossible to
publicly obstruct justice
and today Rudy Giuliani's defense that
the president was not obstructing
justice with his tweet turned on the
meaning of the word should what it is is
as we said immediately it's an opinion
and he used his he used the medium that
he uses for opinions Souter and then one
of the good things about using that is
he's established a clear sort of
practice now that he expresses his
opinions on Twitter he used the word
should he didn't use the word Musk and
there was no presidential directive that
followed it did in direct him he didn't
direct him to do it and he's not going
to directly
should Rudy Guiliani told The Washington
Post quote he very carefully used the
word should on the advice of his lawyer
did Rudy Guiliani advised the president
to use the word should in his tweet so
he could defend him publicly against
obstruction of justice and based that
defense entirely on that one word should
what most Republicans and much of the
news media has lost sight of is that
presidents must not give their opinions
about ongoing criminal investigations
and prosecutions there is no innocent
version of a President of the United
States putting his finger on the scales
of justice with his opinion about
criminal investigations and prosecutions
but a year and a half into the Trump
presidency the president today decided
he was ready to say the thing that he
had not publicly said before Attorney
General Jeff Sessions should stop this
rigged witch-hunt right now if there was
a tape of Donald Trump saying that in
the White House today it would be the
smoking gun in an obstruction of justice
case but Rudy Giuliani has told him to
do his obstructing in public as if he
was standing on Fifth Avenue with a gun
there was a deeply perverse twist in
Donald Trump's tweet today right after
he tells Jeff Sessions to stop the
mauler investigation Attorney General
Jeff Sessions should stop this rigged
witch-hunt right now before it continues
to stain our country any further there
is now not a day that goes by that
Donald Trump and Rudy Giuliani don't
find new ways to continue to stain our
country thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
