on day two of Paul Manafort trial the
president did something we have never
seen any other president do he
deliberately willfully and with
premeditation interfered with that trial
he tweeted these old charges have
nothing to do with collusion a hoax so
there's the President of the United
States telling the Paul Manafort jury
that what they are witnessing is a hoax
in another tweet the president compared
his former campaign chairman to the
murderous gangster Al Capone and then
told the man of forgery that Paul
Manafort
is quote now serving solitary
confinement
although convicted of nothing the
president is finding every way he can to
try to tell the man of forgery what he
used to say about Paul Manafort very
directly that Paul Manafort is a good
guy we know exactly what would have
happened in court today if Donald Trump
had tweeted the opposite about Paul
Manafort if Donald Trump had tweeted
that Paul Manafort is a disgrace to USA
if Donald Trump had tweeted that Paul
Manafort
is guilty Paul Manafort lawyers would
have immediately moved from mistrial and
the judge would have been forced to
grant a mistrial and end the man affort
prosecution former federal prosecutor
chilliwine banks believes that what she
saw the president do today is nothing
less than the crime of jury tampering
chill wine banks is back with us and
Jill when you pointed this out to us
today I have to say I hadn't seen it
myself I hadn't thought about this as a
direct interference with the mana for
trial well because the jury isn't
sequestered they may see this I know
they're not supposed to watch the news
or hear the news but it's so all
pervasive that I worry that they might
and I think the words that you just read
are really a message to them in the same
way that I think that the Arpaio pardon
was a message to witnesses you don't
have to cooperate don't worry about it
you can be in contempt of court now
pardon you so I think he's sending a
message and he also in addition to the
language you read he also was very
complimentary to Paul Manafort by saying
that he had worked for Ronald Reagan and
Paul and Dole and that he was a
political operative so he was going out
of his way to say things that were
laudatory about this defendant and it's
just simply inappropriate for a
President of the United States to use a
public means of communicating which
Twitter is and Judge Naomi respec weld
in New York ruled that tweets were a
public mechanism for the president Sean
Spicer has said that they were official
statements of the White House but in
Judge buckwalds ruling
she said that he could not black people
who criticized him on Twitter because it
was a public forum so I think that you
put all of that together and I think
he's using a public forum to send a
message to the jury that he should not
have his former campaign chair convicted
of anything he said he's not been
convicted yet
and judge Ellis handling the case is a
78 year old judge who we have every
reason to doubt and knows how Twitter
works or what it looks like and doesn't
realize that on Twitter information can
come up that you're not looking for you
might be looking for your granddaughters
tweet and a Trump tweet could easily
come up there here's what the jurors
hear every day what they'll be hearing
when they leave the courtroom every day
judges instructions when they left today
was it where you must resist talking to
anybody about this case to resist
television radio or whatever else
reports about this case and don't listen
to any of it they don't know what you
know you were here do not undertake any
research or investigation on your own
put it out of your mind
and Jill every courtroom practitioner I
know realizes that most jurors actually
do their very very best in trying to
obey those instructions but there are
always some who don't
and don't even try and in this case the
likelihood of the Trump information
getting through is extremely high it is
a risk and there's no question that
jurors do their very best they take
instructions like that very seriously
and will really follow it they will not
watch television
they will not read newspapers and so I
think they will be careful but this is a
different world and when you mentioned
judge Ellis I'm also concerned about how
strict he's being on the prosecution in
terms of the evidence that he's allowing
in so far he has not allowed certain
photographs in that I think will take
this case from being just a documents
case to being much more interesting to
the jury
Jil one banks thank you very much for
joining us tonight thank you
thank you thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
