okay damn you have worked with the cokes
on political issues for quite a long
time is it a good idea for them to break
with the president sure so first I mean
I'm wondering now if the tables made by
the coach may well be no I mean I don't
think it is I think I think they're
getting a lot of what they want out of
the Trump administration I think on
Judicial Appointments I think on the tax
reform package I think on a regulatory
rollback I think Trump is a win win win
I think they disagree with him on trade
I think they disagree with him on
immigration but you know no no one's
perfect and you're not gonna get a
hundred percent no no one's gonna get a
hundred percent of what they want out of
the government so I I kind of question
you know their their strategy and what
what exactly they're trying to
accomplish here you mentioned something
in the break and that was that you know
when you look back at the last election
you look at Donald Trump and you look at
Bernie Sanders both of them did very
well without these old corporate
contacts and and super PACs obviously
during the election there were a lot of
super PACs and lobbying groups that back
President Trump but is this are the
cokes as influential and that and the
group that you're part of are these
influential as they once were given that
so many people get their stuff out of
social media as opposed to TV
advertising or billboards well I think
they're very influential and I think the
president is a little bit of stray on
that I think they have an enormous
amount of influence and the ability to
to energize and energize people and
amass donations but I think that the
donations are a little bit less
important than they used to be I think
you see that in Donald Trump's campaign
I think you see that in Bernie Sanders
campaign that the kind of donor
establishment is maybe a little bit
weaker than it was I also think that you
know this whole spat between the cokes
and Trump really shows that Trump is
independent he's what the voters voted
for and that he's independent he's
shaking Washington up and he's really
not a part of the the old money
establishment so to speak and he's
really independent so you're not with
the cokes on them wanting to split with
the president especially on tariffs well
I I'm more with the president that I am
the cokes but I think that the cokes
really have a place in the party but I
think that they just want a little bit
of distance with the president and I
think that the president is is doing a
good job and it's easier it's easier to
be the coke you know can I just ask one
question it weighs on me as it relates
do you think the president is doing
really well and in terms of deregulation
and the economy why is it that he lies
about it all the time then on Friday I
keep going back to it you know GDP
numbers 4.2 that's great why doesn't the
president just take that as a win why
does he continue to lie and say Obama
never did that when we all know he did
it five times well I I disagree with the
premise but I think that it's a
complicated world I I don't think the
president lies I believe 16 times a day
on average according to brand-new
fact-checking by The Washington Post
which is up from 5 times a day on
average I mean he lies you got it many
lies I come on I think he's I think he's
trying to amass all this I mean he said
it hasn't happened before
it has never happened before it has
never has not been this strong since
World War two you know that's not true
well I think it depends on the indicator
you pick what I do I do I do admit that
there was you know GDP growth you know
similar to the four point one number you
know some to a few times in the US I
about it since the economy is such a win
for him why I think the economy is a win
for him and I think he's he's pushing
you know here's my question why does he
lie about the economy well you wouldn't
have to lie about it
I think he's I think he's saying the
facts as he sees them and I see remember
when you say seeing the facts as he sees
them doesn't doesn't make sense
something is either a fact or it's not
and it is not a fact that we didn't see
over 4% control just queue up that thing
that we did on Friday after on Monday
after the President's speech but I got
fact after fact after fact after fact
after fact the president lied about on
Friday morning I mean we know he lies we
can't get into that discussion resident
lies The Washington Post says 16 times a
day now we can question their stuff but
it's it's some number of times right
listen 4229 false or misleading claims
in 558 days which is an average now of
7.6 robert muller a democrat he says the
robert muller investigation is run by 12
or 13 angry democrats that's not true he
calls it a rigged witch-hunt there have
been 35 plea deals or indictments that's
just a lie sir and I just don't under
dan why he lies because to your point
there are many policies that are good
for many parts of the country so why
does he continue to lie so again I
disagree with the premise of the
question I think the economy is good and
I think that he can be that's not what
my questions my question i just rattled
off to you a number of flat-out lies the
president tells why does the president
lie i don't think the president lives i
think he's seeing the facts as he sees
him and as he remembers them and i think
that it's a big job at a lot of
information he's trying to synthesize
all that information we appreciate you
coming on you're not answering our
question and there's no such a thing as
a fact as you see them there's a fact
and there's a lie are you can't do that
in your company right that'd be illegal
actually if you lied about your
company's performance I don't know if
it'd be illegal or not but I think we
you know we we have our numbers and we
put out our numbers and people you know
except number don't but but they can't
be they can't be incorrect well they
can't be in occur right so the president
says incorrect things about the American
economy wouldn't that be
we should need be held to at least the
same standard that a CEO is well I think
that's what the that's what the media is
trying to do right right so so when we
when we fact check them we should be
holding you you agree that he should be
able to the same standard right I think
he should be held to the same standard
and I think that the you know it's a
free press you guys have the right to
fact check all right so to an earlier
point that we were making and that Phil
bump was making here
the president is appealing on one side
to the likes of corporate executives or
people who are in the business world on
the other side he's appealing to
cultural things that people appreciate
the culture wars that he's involved into
that seems to be where the cokes are
separating from him that's what they
don't want to get involved in where do
you where do you come down on that yeah
I agree with that I think that there's
there's a big difference in the
Republican Party right now in the donor
class and what the kind of establishment
Republicans want and Trump's base and I
think there's definitely a big fissure
there and Trump is accelerating his his
he's doubling down on his support for
the base and he's defending what his
base wants but it really is not
necessarily settling well with the donor
classic Republican Party he goes to
rallies and he speaks and he inspires
his base and I understand without that
but when you actually look at policies
so let's take the tax cut for example
the tax cuts are supposed to trickle
down we have not yet seen them trickle
down in terms of wages
and to the American worker and now
they're mulling over tax cut 2.0 which
where they would inflation adjust
capital gains tax that absolutely helps
the donor class they'd be thrilled about
it but if your Trump's pace if you're
the American worker who has still not
seen his or her wages going up it
doesn't help you so this by I think
we're seeing the wages go up you know
the the I believe wages are up some
something near two percent since you
know Trump took office no wages are down
inflation adjusted wages are down okay
my problem says it you somehow listen to
it no I think we have evidence wages are
down no I mean I've seen data I've seen
data recently on the average average pay
workers that's gone up I also know that
we what you're referencing is ECI
and ECI accounts for the entire worker
so for example if that work is the cost
of health care for that worker also goes
up its it looks as though they've gone
up when in fact their wages haven't it
actually just costs more to employ them
so that's not really good data okay why
I I think that I think it is good data
and I does think I do think it shows you
know in general wages going up I can
also speak to you know my company our
wages are up about ten to eleven percent
since the beginning of 2017 did you have
minimum wage employees some and and
definitely a lot close to the minimum
wage we're at industrial business right
so so wage growth under Trump is lower
than it was under under Obama if you
just take the last 18 months of the
Obama administration the first 18 months
of the Trump administration so it's not
up again these are the questions that
does he win in the cultural war if
people don't see economic games and how
do you how do you how do you blend that
when you're a Republican donor because
he's got a whole lot of people who are
not gaining economically but they like
the culture war I I do think I do think
he wins and I also point to the the
unemployment numbers they're also down
since he got into office and so I think
wait you know wages and whether wages
have gone up or not which I think they
have a little bit is important with the
unemployment number and the number of
people that are working is also great is
also a huge factor I also think that
Trump has got you don't got this this is
the wage growth
numbers under Trump so you can see the
black line is wage growth under Obama
and you can see in 2009 during the
recession you see how that dropped
dramatically there is negative wage
growth because of the recession and you
saw negative wage growth until about
2013 14 you saw a little bit of it then
in 15 and 16 look at that 15 16 17 and
then look what happened under Trump and
I'll say is not anywhere close to where
it was under him I'm thrilled about the
jobs number I think it is great I think
it's amazing where we are pretty much on
unemployment it's a good 10 uation
here's one thing that I don't get that
maybe you can help me understand
unemployment is super low the president
is saying all of these great Americans
have jobs how do you square that off
with saying we don't want any of these
immigrants from Mexico and El Salvador
and Honduras because they're stealing
all of our jobs so how is it that
immigrants are stealing all of our jobs
if the American unemployment picture is
so good in Americans all or fat and
happy and back to work
III don't think that immigrants are
stealing all of our jobs you know III
from my standpoint having several
businesses and I don't have enough labor
I have many hundreds of open positions
right now so you're in the same place as
the Cooke the Koch brothers on that yes
so that's one of the reasons why they
split with some candidates that the
president is supporting or some
Republican candidates right so how do
you think that the game for supporting
Donald Trump for the cokes is better
than I think you know they're getting a
lot more of what they want regulatory
rollback conservative judicial
nominations and the tax reform package
and they wouldn't have gotten any of
those things under a Hillary Clinton
ministration so I think on three of five
or three or six issues I think they're
getting exactly what they want then
where do you think president Truong
comes from with this immigration stance
if we agree that the jobs problem in
this country is we don't have enough
people we don't have enough labor force
and if we have more qualified people
whether they're Americans or immigrants
it would be better for jobs why do you
think the president has such a different
stance on immigration and he looks at
foreigners as those they're just here to
steal our work well I don't I don't
think it's quite as simple as that I
think the president looks at at the
immigration situation is a broken system
that needs to that our politicians
haven't been honest
and it needs to be fixed we can't have
11 million or 13 million people
undocumented in this country we need
some kind of a solution we need some
kind of a solution for people just
walking across the border were people
from India that fill out all the
paperwork are you know frustrated and
can't you know wait years for an answer
that a wall could partially solve but
it's more about if the wall the wall is
symbolic for proper enforcement and
proper so you want to spend 25 billion
dollars on symbolism let me go over here
for a second because Dan said that the
he doesn't believe that the Breton's got
his own facts
this is hiring under the last 18 months
of the Obama administration and the
first 18 months of the Trump
administration you can see here the
average evened out over the last 18
months is 206 thousand dollar jobs a
month under the Trump administration
it's a hundred and ninety three thousand
months so that's the Obama
administration that's the Trump
administration I want to take a look at
wages as well if I can just show you
that number these bets so that's one
thing the president lied about the other
day I already showed you one this is the
wage growth issue wage growth under
Obama was here a little under 1% is not
fantastic under Trump it's significantly
lower it's actually about half from a
percentage basis so again you're a CEO
we're journalists we have access to
these facts the president says otherwise
these are lies and the White House is in
is welcome to join me at any point or
Stephanie at any point to tell us that
our numbers are wrong but these are well
researched numbers right power of
deregulation or the Judicial
Appointments that's fine where we're
getting in a real problem in this
country is when we when we support ideas
that the president has his own set of
facts there's just no such thing as
one's own set of facts sir yeah no I
agree with that but what I think that's
what you said to us five minutes okay I
I agree with that but what I think is I
think that there's you said to us look I
think that I think that there's a bunch
of facts out there there's a bunch of
different data sets out there but I
think that that you know you're you guys
are showing these facts but what about
where's where's a chart of the screen
about the unemployment number we can you
do that - we can pull that up you know I
think that's a great fact and I think
that it's misses of Labor Statistics by
the way these facts are not ours they're
the US government's you know I think
what unemployment number is tastic look
the the GDP number in the first in the
first five quarters of Trump being in
office is
about 2.5 5% the GDP growth during the
entire Obama administration was 2.08
percent correct right so we're getting
an acceleration in economic growth and I
think and I personally think the
economic growth is accelerating
inventory numbers inventory numbers are
down late right so you know last time
this last quarter was weird right
because we saw way more soybeans to
everybody than we'd ever buy that's not
going to sustain that's because of the
tariffs so 90 90 billion 90 billion
increase in the GDP number the increase
in exports is only about 12% or 20% of
that 90 billion a complete solution
right so when you shave it all out we're
back to around the two and change
percent that you talked about so we're
and refining inventory numbers and I
think that that's that's the declining
inventory numbers in the q2 GDP growth
or where I think there's going to be an
acceleration there's room for an
acceleration in q3 and q4 so if we look
here at a roughly three percent number
that's good we celebrated Obama ever
achieve a three Melton's you know what
you'd know if number during this eight
years no no didn't quarterly on a
quarterly level he did it many times but
not on an annual basis gonna do it on an
annual is but I guess that's just what
sticks out to me and I know we're going
to leave it there everything that you're
saying these are positives these are
very positive trends in our economy so
when you talk about GDP for a quarter
and President Trump gets above 4%
we're applauding him and we're seeing
great let's see where we go next quarter
but when he immediately follows that up
with Obama never did it this has never
been done and his son Don jr. repeats
that that's where we're simply cuz then
we get by the Koch brothers do have
somewhat of a split because it simply
doesn't need to make sense you don't
need to lie when you're doing something
that's working and as far as the economy
goes
those numbers are working I think that
the difference the cokes have with Trump
I think is specifically on immigration
and specifically on trade and some
social policy issues and some social so
I also think the cokes do a lot to help
communities help themselves that's
really under reported by the media you
know there are we point out they're the
biggest donors in New York City the
biggest charitable donors in New York
they do an awful lot for community
absolutely and I think that's amazing
too but
guess on jobs of the future is
extraordinary especially if you compare
it to President Trump who wants to bring
back old jobs which are neither economic
or environmentally sound yeah I think a
lot of looked at manufacturing job loss
we didn't lose those jobs to immigrants
we didn't lose those jobs to illegal
immigrants we lost those jobs to
automation and robotics you know even at
our company we're doing more with
automation or robotic arms and that's
that's the religion doesn't share your
view on that right I mean you're right
you're right no don't share your view on
that a lot of Republicans share your
view on that that's that's the the
correct view the president seems to want
to blame immigrants yeah yeah so if
you're if you're if you're if you're a
low-wage employee and you're under
skilled you've got to really worry about
AI artificial intelligence and you've
really got to worry about robotics and
how that's going to negatively impact
the amount of jobs we have for
entry-level people appreciate that the
Perkins law I guess the Perkins bill was
just signed just a couple of days ago
and I want to say that's eleven billion
dollars that's going into workforce
training
I just President Trump and AI I've told
you talk about agrees with us in the end
yeah well I agree with a lot of what you
said but I think that the the the Trump
economy is roaring and is gonna continue
to our frustration is that if I were
Donald Trump's press secretary I would
say all the things about the Trump
economy that was roaring and I would
prevent him from forming any lies about
it so that we think you had a lot of
frustrations if you were wait yes you
sitting here and and and debating this
with us hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
