we're six months into the president's
tax cuts those cuts were supposed to
trickle down to workers paychecks
instead thus far the biggest investments
have been made in stock buybacks nearly
700 billion bucks in the first two
quarters Politico reviewed data
disclosed by the Securities and Exchange
Commission filings they found executives
who got major paydays thanks to buybacks
oracle corporation CEO Safra Catz she
sold 250 million dollars worth of shares
and her company that came after the
company announced a 12 billion dollar
buyback MasterCard CEO Ajay Banga sold
forty four point four million dollars
worth of stock just months after the
company announced a four billion dollar
buyback his was the largest single cash
out by an executive of the company in at
least 10 years Eastman Chemical CEO Mark
Kosta sold 55,000 shares for 5.4 million
dollars two days after the company
announced a two billion dollar buyback
the corporate tax savings are bypassing
workers and going straight into
shareholders pockets and joining me now
to discuss this and a whole lot more
chairman and CEO of stephen financial my
friend Ron chefs key Ron make the case
for me why stock buybacks work when we
got these major tax cuts one of the
ideas was companies we're gonna have
cash freed up they were gonna reinvest
it in the company we would see wages go
up and thus far when you think about
what the priorities are who the
stakeholders are for CEOs their
shareholders and their consumers and we
haven't really seen it hit the worker
yet well look I had steeple we have to
pay fair competitive wages we have to
serve our communities and we have to
make our share price go up that's my job
alright and so that's what we do and
stock buybacks are a form of corporate
finance they need to be done like
investments you can buy back stocks you
can make investments you can pay
dividends so to sit there and just link
it completely to executive compensation
I think is rather simplistic and not not
the real issue here well then what is
the real issue when you look at income
inequality when we saw these tax cuts
they were sold as it's going to help the
American worker well I think the
American worker is because wages they
continue to stay relatively stagnant
well that's not true just this week the
government
wages are the highest they've been in
ten years and wages are growing 3% now
let me let me do say they are looking at
ECI data and that's factoring in health
care that factors in a whole lot but if
you go to your average worker out there
they are not seeing wage increases
Amazon continues to have employees on
food stamps there are wages are increase
you look at a lot of statistics you know
the old adage of what and so the economy
is growing wages are increasing I
believe just the simple three over three
percent year-over-year
it's the highest since the financial
crisis so you know I don't I don't see
that now I do want to say something okay
the biggest issue I think economically
in this country is income inequality so
I'm gonna agree with you on that and
there and we need to find policies to to
narrow that in that and that runs the
gamut from education to opportunity to a
number of things and so I'm not I'm not
gonna take issue of do you think we're
doing things to address that because my
reservation is this I look at the
massive tax cuts and I look god the
Treasury has less and less money they
have to borrow more we've got massive
budget deficits and the president talks
about a trade deficit but those budget
deficits cause us to cut programs that
people on the bottom who are suffering
in this income inequality divided need
well you know the interesting thing is
if you want to say the budget deficits
actually increased trade deficits if you
good want to get in economic terms okay
but don't look look we we as a country
we as a society can do and should do a
better job of narrowing income
inequality okay I think it's happening
right now the tax cuts aren't yet paid
for and now we've got this idea floated
that we're going to now inflation adjust
capital gains tax and while that might
not be a bad idea
it certainly doesn't address the big
problem which is in coming a course but
the first thing is jobs okay so when
jobs are at 3.7 percent the economy is
growing four percent and I mean you're
all not sustainable all of these things
a Dada yada ya things are better and as
things are getting better people are
participating workforce participation
went up all right so let's let's talk
about some of the posit
things are we going to take income
inequality and at the end of this show
make it go to zero no I don't think so
right and one and one of the reasons
people voted for the president is
because he said I'm going to address it
I'm going to attack it I'm gonna solve
it
do you see policies being put in place
that solve it because right now it's
actually corporate leaders who appear to
be addressing it more than government
leaders do
I think the policies of you know these
are all political issues all right and
in economic terms and and I don't agree
with all the politics necessarily but in
economic terms I think there are things
being done what's being done on trade in
the long run is negotiation in the long
run it will lower tariffs it will lower
barriers it's just a different way to
get there versus what other
administration's did that's one that's
going to help and I think that all of
the things that we're talking about
which encourage investment and encourage
employment are steps in the direction to
increase the prosperity of this country
it is but there's some big issues
education I will tell you education is
one of them without a doubt the
president says he's turned the economy
around so walk me through where we've
been the last 8 or 10 years since the
financial crisis do you think the
president turned hid around because I
can't find anything that needed to be
turned around we were on a slow but
positive path look there's no I don't
know that any administration should take
blame or guilt for turning anything
around that they inherited on inherit I
think there's a long term trend however
since the financial crisis until just
recently
we weren't growing at 2% compare that to
30 years of growing at 3% that's 1/3
less GDP each year for 10 years that is
lost prosperity so are we turning around
4% GDP when's the last time you heard 4%
GDP growth 5 times during the Obama
administration
ok and did you did you say it was not
sustainable then I mean the point is the
point is is that we have 4 percent GDP
we have 3.7 percent unemployment I think
that the economy is moving in the right
direction so let's not confuse the
politics with economic policies let's at
least I'd like to separate them without
a doubt
you look at the markets do you feel like
we continue to just be on a positive
trajectory some people feel like it's
the stock buybacks that are keeping
things afloat they worry a little bit
that we've been on this positive
trajectory for such a long time and with
rates as low as they are where's the
cushion if we do have an economic
downturn
well rates are being increased you know
the fascinating today it is it is we
savers need rates to go up the economy
is higher rates signify a stronger
economy so in many in many ways a lot of
the things that you're talking about the
economy is on a good pace here all right
and so go at policy and go at tweets and
go at all of that just don't go at the
economy because I think that's a bad
argument right now all right
Ron thank you so much I appreciate it I
don't need to go at anything we would
love to have a good day we'd love to
have a great economy we don't have a
great education system I said it before
every American wants to be socially free
financially secure physically safe I
wouldn't be where I am today without
those three things so thank you very
much thank you for being there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
