I guess this is a bit of a mystery we
can't figure out how these bombs are
supposed to go off what does that say to
you right know what well it says one
thing this bomber did was not the
valedictorian of the bomb-making class
and they may be just poorly made and
designed devices I mean I can tell by
looking at it a lot of flaws in there
Chuck which I won't talk about on the
news because we don't want to educate
that guy but but there's certainly some
flaws in there and so they could have
been made here's the key
don't confuse or not you but us
collectively in the audience who is in
this with us
don't confuse intent with ability or in
other words don't confuse desire with
skill their intent and desire may be to
kill all these people but they quite
don't they don't have this skill and
ability they're not criminally
sophisticated and they're not really a
practice in bomb-making look at some of
the physical evidence just quickly we
talked about you know there's sharpnel
inside the bomb if you were not wanting
the bomb to go off why not tape a bunch
of nails to the outside the bomb would
look really scary right and why said to
- bombs - Maxine Waters had two bonds to
Joe Biden you know one bomb will scare
you it doesn't scare you twice as much
to get to that shows me real eye or real
hatred real intent to get congresswoman
waters and Joe Biden Jim do you think
you'll be a drop Clint he could talk
about that well Jim klindt I'm gonna get
to a profile for a second but could you
Jim do you think if you had a chance to
look at all of these ten devices
probably put them in the order that they
were made oh yeah yeah I think they're
gonna be able to probably get that
pretty quick I mean you'll be able to
know where he's at at it and maybe he
started you could tell the bomber gets
better at it type of thing well you're
gonna be able to put the roll of tape
together right maybe put the hole the
lab puts the whole roll of tape together
so if Suns a bomb number one the next
piece is on bomb number two right
they're making all these together and
don't assume it's one person I mean I
think in this particular case yeah
especially when I looked at that little
meme on the bomb that little sort of
Isis get er done Steve you're stealing
my question for Clint yeah well hey
not to Clint before it done it to me but
look I think I think that is an
important factor I'm gonna let Clint
elaborate on all these little things go
into the investigators the commanders
trying to get ahead of the bombers all
right Clint yeah chime in here I'm
particularly the the ISIS meme you know
boy how much would you be zeroing in on
that as a profiler well number one I can
tell you Jim Cavanaugh and I would
rather be working the case than talking
about it I can only a man should take
senior status and that's what you do
there is it for four quick things here
and let me take the other investigative
track that Jim is taking let's talk
about the potential that has suggested
this is either a bad bomb maker or it's
intentional hoax devices number one in
at least one or more the devices and
again we're not teaching a bomb-making
school but I know there is at least one
key component missing is that
intentional if it's intentional then
we've probably seen the last of the
devices if it's not intentional I'm
afraid we're going to see a new and
improved version number two we have this
Isis sticker that stuck inside that you
know that that's like a high-five type
of thing the guys doing it's like his
own inside joke is some his signature
jewelry is his way of signing in a yeah
yeah number three remember I think it
was the CNN bomb it came with an
envelope of white powder well what are
the two things that scare us today bombs
and anthrax well whoever this is said
hey why not do both at one time if I can
scare him once I'll scare him twice well
the NYPD told us today it was an anthrax
it wasn't a biological agent and number
four I think it's really good and I
think Jim and I would do the same thing
to look to Florida where these bombs may
have come from because if I've got ten
packages and they all have a Florida
return address I don't want to go to
Delaware and drop them in the mail and
have somebody look up and say gee how
come you drove all the way from Florida
to mail these things so I think that's
that's
potentially or epicenter it's like you
throw a rock in a pond and in the rip
we'll start to go out right now Florida
may be the epicenter and the
investigative waves are moving out from
that point let's talk about how you
would be profiling and I'm curious the
decision the this idea that he sent to
Jim sort of reference this may - to one
person this would indicate more rage
what would any other things that that
could indicate yeah I think so I think
it could indicate more rage but again if
it's a hoax device is it a double Hulk's
is is this someone who was really
irritated the person who sent these and
realized this guy or these guys or women
or whoever it is right now they they
have had a bomb-making factory they've
had an assembly line on their kitchen
table or in their garage or basement
where they've built all these things if
they built them all and they've made
this one mistaken flaw and I'm afraid
we're gonna see more but if what they
intended to do was just put a shot
across our bow just to get our attention
and they want to follow it up with a
message I think Jim said yesterday a day
before you could follow up with a letter
right now saying hey I said there's ten
devices I can make a hundred more listen
to what I have to say we're waiting for
that message right now and quickly Clint
what are the chances this is more than
one person in your mind this could
easily be accomplished by one person you
know again if we look at the Unabomber
was one guy the Oklahoma City bomber you
know we had two guys doing it one person
could accomplish this and again the idea
is how do you keep a secret you do it
yourself when you tell no one
Jim Cavanaugh Clint Van Zandt are
basically unofficial CSI guys on this
one thank you both much appreciate I
know as Linda said I'm guessing Jim you
feel the same way you wish you were
working the case right now but I
appreciate your expertise guys we'll do
it those guys will do it they do hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our Channel
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
