well we have a detailed report tonight
on what may be the most compelling
evidence that President Trump may have
obstructed justice from the start of
Rudy Giuliani's public defense of Donald
Trump obstruction of justice has always
been the part of the Mahler
investigation that Rudy Giuliani
obviously fears the most which might be
why Rudy Giuliani and the president
prefer to talk about collusion rather
than obstruction this is the week when
the Trump defense motto seems to have
shifted from there was no collusion to
collusion is not a crime we will spare
you the video of the president saying
for more than a year now there was no
collusion I think we've all heard that
quite enough but the new repetition of
collusion is not a crime begun by Rudy
Giuliani and now seconded by the
president this morning in a tweet is a
defense shift that seems to indicate the
President and Rudy Giuliani might be
preparing for the revelation from
special prosecutor Robert Muller that
there were links or coordination between
the Russian government and individuals
associated with the campaign of
President Donald Trump Rudy Giuliani has
been making much of the fact that the
word collusion does not have any
criminal legal meaning except an
antitrust law but the words I just used
links and coordination don't have any
legal meaning in and of themselves but
they are exactly the words used to
describe what special prosecutor Robert
Muller is specifically authorized to
investigate when rod Rosen Stein
appointed Robert Muller he authorized
the special prosecutor to conduct an
investigation of quote any links and/or
coordination between the Russian
government and individuals associated
with the campaign of President Donald
Trump and then rod Rosenstein added
something else a general wide open
authorization for the special prosecutor
to investigate quote any matters that
arose or may arise directly from the
investigation that allows Robert Moore
to investigate anything that the FBI and
his prosecutors discover while they are
investigating any links
or coordination between the Russian
government and the Trump campaign
anything at all
that's how robert muller began
investigating Michael Cohen's
involvement and paying off stormy
Daniels and other women for their
silence about sex with Donald Trump and
even though the special prosecutor is
authorized to investigate any links
and/or coordination with the Russian
government
if Robert Muller finds that the word
that will be used in any indictments
about that won't be links and/or
coordination the crime will be called
conspiracy and so the Trump Giuliani new
line of defense that collusion is not a
crime has no legal meaning and we
already know that Robert Muller has
found links and coordination between the
Russian government and individuals
associated with the campaign of Donald
Trump the meeting at Trump Tower with
Russians during the campaign shows that
there are links between the Russian
government and the campaign we already
know that when the Russian government
offered to coordinate with Donald Trump
jr. to provide dirt on Hillary Clinton
Donald Trump jr. said I love it now we
have no idea what other links and
coordination Robert Muller has found
between the Russian government and the
Trump campaign and we don't know whether
any of those links and coordination
constitute criminal conduct by anyone
named Trump we watched Donald Trump on
the campaign stage publicly try to link
with the Russian government and
coordinate with the Russian government
on Hillary Clinton's emails Russia if
you're listening I hope you're able to
find the 30,000 emails that are missing
Robert Muller will have to decide
whether that constitutes a criminal
conspiracy to illegally coordinate with
the Russian government to the benefit of
the Trump campaign or whether it's a
component of that in some way the most
dangerous part of Robert Miller's
authority for the President and everyone
near the president is the second part of
Robert Muller's authority which is to
investigate quote any matters that arose
or may arise directly from the investor
which brings us to obstruction of
justice those words do not appear in the
authorization of the Muller
investigation but that second component
of the authority which is anything that
arises in the investigation includes
anything including obstruction of
justice the part of the Mahler
investigation that Rudy Giuliani
publicly fears the most is obviously the
obstruction of justice part we have new
reporting on that today from Mary wass
in The New York Review of Books Mario
says that he has been allowed to read a
confidential White House memo which is
in the special prosecutors possession
which quote explicitly states that when
Trump pressured Comey he had just been
told by two of his top aides his then
chief of staff Reince Priebus and his
White House Counsel Tom McGann that
Michael Flynn was under criminal
investigation last year the Trump
defense team delivered a letter to
Robert Barr outlining their defenses of
the President on obstruction of justice
the key element of their defense was
that President Trump did not know that
his national security advisor Michael
Flynn was being investigated by the FBI
when the president talked to FBI
director James Comey about quote letting
Flynn go James Comey quotes the
president as having told him I hope you
can see your way clear to letting this
go to letting Flynn go he is a good guy
I hope you can let this go the Trump
defense team has said that it is
impossible for that conversation to
constitute obstruction of justice
because the President did not know that
the FBI was then investigating Michael
Flynn but Marie wass is reporting that
the White House memo that he read is a
timeline prepared by White House Counsel
Don Magan showing every step that
occurred in the White House and exactly
who knew what and when in what became
the story of the firing of national
security adviser Michael Flynn Marie
wass reports the February 15th memo
combined with accounts given to the
Special Counsel by Priebus and McGann
constitute the most compelling evidence
we yet know of the Donald yet know of
that Donald Trump may have obstructed
just
the most compelling evidence that the
president may have obstructed justice
appears to come from his own most senior
and loyal aides the greatest threat to
his presidency is not from his enemies
real or perceived but from his allies
within the White House leading off our
discussion now John Heilemann national
affairs analyst for NBC News and MSNBC
zko host and executive producer of
Showtime's the circus also with us Danny
Cevallos MSNBC legal can trigger and
Barbara McQuade former federal
prosecutor she's a professor of law at
the university of michigan and an MSNBC
legal contributor and John Heilemann
here is the watergate echo it turns out
the people who can do the most damage to
the president work in the White House
that was absolutely true in Watergate it
was not the Democrats whose office got
broken into who took down President
Nixon it's always the case right and
it's the case because they are the
closest they are the ones who are
writing things down they're the ones
that even in this chaotic White House
this White House that breaks so many
norms and does so many things that are
outside the bounds of what we've ever
seen from White House before there are a
bunch of people like Don Magan and there
are others like Reince Priebus who
thought hey we're supposed to be doing
this the way other people did it we
don't really know what that is but like
things like timelines and things like
paying attention to some basic rules of
procedure and and some because of the
way in which you're supposed to do stuff
in the White House govern their thinking
enough that it could be the thing that
ends up undoing the President on this
front and barb McQuaid it seems to have
guided their thinking certainly at the
beginning of the presidency because this
Michael Flint story is at the beginning
of the presidency and it might actually
be the period in the Trump presidency
where people like Don Magan were
operating most closely by the book
possibly because they didn't realize how
wild the whole place was going to become
yeah I think this could be a very
significant factual development and you
know it has an echo of remember when
there was that tweet that President
Trump put out that said I had to fire
Mike Flynn because he lied to the FBI
and then his lawyer it was John Dowd
came back very quickly and said no no no
I put out that then tweet and I got it
wrong so it does ring true that this is
a fact that they have known for a long
time is a troubling fact because when
you
I have to establish obstruction of
justice you have to show that the person
acted with a corrupt intent and if
President Trump knew and learned even
just before he asked Jim Comey to stand
down on the Flint investigation I think
there could be some powerful evidence of
that corrupt intent that's necessary and
according to Mary wash is reporting this
is this is very clear this is kind of
beyond doubt it says people familiar
with the matter have told me that both
Priebus and McGann have confirmed in
separate interviews with the special
counsel that they had told Trump that
Flynn was under investigation by the FBI
before he met with Comey and Danny this
dismantles one of the key element in the
Trump lawyers letter to the special
prosecutor about why Donald Trump could
not have committed obstruction of
justice in the Flynn matter
yeah but the Trump steam theory from the
beginning didn't make a lot of sense I
mean their position is that Trump knew
there was no longer an investigation and
then he walks into a meeting and says
hey by the way I hope you can see fit to
let go parenthesis an investigation
that's not going on that doesn't make
any sense but that's the Trump teams
position in a way this bombshell is
something that makes a lot more sense
than the Trump teams original theory
which is Trump believes there's no
investigation Trump goes into meeting
with Comey and ask Comey to let go of an
investigation that as far as Trump is
aware does not exist and so John this
reporting if true is yet another really
clear lock on the issue of is Donald
Trump ever gonna sit down for an
interview with the special prosecutor I
mean you and I have been saying all
along he's never gonna do it but this is
the kind of thing that shows you why
it's been impossible because the Trump
team has known for over a year
that Priebus and McGann say and and have
told the special prosecutor that they
told Donald Trump that the FBI
investigation was ongoing and and so how
does Donald Trump handle that in any and
any kind of interchange with the special
process yeah because just like the
collusion and the word conspiracy are
not in robert miller's remit and the
word obstruction justice is not it so
neither was the word perjury but perjury
is a big problem for Donald Trump just
because not all because he's in a better
a liar but because he's already told so
many lives that so many people on the
inside know our lives the the lawyers
that were with here tonight are lawyers
and I'm gonna not play a lawyer on TV
like I sometimes try to and just say a
couple things about a couple of humans
that we're talking about here guys like
Reince Priebus and don McGann if if this
timeline exists if Murray losses
reporting is right and they were brought
in to talk about Muller they testified
to it because neither one of those guys
is gonna purge themselves or Donald
Trump there's not going to another guy
we got to always remember what he keeps
coming back in our minds and there are a
lot of problems with him as a political
actor but Steve Bannon who very quickly
identified to Michael Wolff into other
people that their obstruction of justice
thing was going to was gonna be the
thing that would hang Trump because of
the fact that he's that mode keeps
firing Comey is the worst political
decision you've ever made because he
knew not necessarily directly not
necessarily because he was involved in
putting together these timelines but
because he was everywhere in that White
House and he knew what the truth these
stories were it's why he always grasped
the fact in the obstruction thing was
such a difficult problem for Trump and
why some of the things that we're now
hearing to Michael Cohen has been saying
are also things that Steve Bannon even
if he wasn't in the room he knew about
enough from being around you people want
to know where Trump's problems are go
back and read all the stuff Smith Steve
Banta has said in the past this is why
this obstruction thing is one of the key
ones Bert McQuaid what is Donald Trump's
best defense on this point at this stage
of the evidence as we know it well I
think he would have to you know I don't
know that he's gonna be able to refute
Jim Comey's testimony about what it was
he said but if he can show that it was
for some other purpose other than to
cover up his own misconduct or the cut
that the misconduct of people in his
campaign that might be the best if you
can show that there was not a corrupt
motive yes he knew that Michael Flynn
was under investigation but he believed
that it was a waste of taxpayer funds
that he believed that it would be
fruitless to try to go after this kind
of a case if he can show that there was
some other motive other than corrupt
intent that might be the best but you
know it's at some point I think there's
going to be a reckoning with robert
muller either he sits down for an
interview
Muller has the ability to use a grand
jury subpoena to get that information
out of him so at some point I think he
is going to face that reckoning let's
listen when Senator Richard Blumenthal
said today about the obstruction of
justice case there is credible evidence
that the president the United States has
committed obstruction of justice and
possibly a conspiracy to undermine our
elections that's simply the facts and
the law and Giuliani is trying to
confuse and distract playing word games
and semantics but at the end of the day
the special counsel is going to proceed
methodically and meticulously in making
the case and Vanity Fair's reporting
tonight that done began this is a lie
and the report done again hates Rudy
with intensity of a thousand burning
Suns and and Danny that's that's related
to the word games that that Rudy
Giuliani has been playing on television
and it's just too real legal
practitioners that sounds like a
reasonable reaction to what we've seen
Rudy Giuliani doing if you're on the
Trump side of the case and you're
watching Rudy Giuliani on TV there can't
be anything you like about it
he's violating a lot of the basic rules
of defense attorney 101 don't ever
criticize prosecutors you can criticize
the case hey we're gonna we're gonna
move to suppress this evidence it was a
bad warrant but never tell the
prosecutors on the news that they need
to wrap things up that their
investigation is corrupt that isn't
going to go a long way and prosecutors
will stay an extra five hours in the
office just to stick it to your client
if you do that and the other thing that
Rudy is falling victim to is taking
everything his client is telling him in
his initial meetings and going out into
the world with it as gospel every
attorney has been burned by a client
when they don't double-check whatever
the client or the clients family tells
them about the way things are and that's
because clients they can't help it they
have self-interest they don't want to
commit suicide they want to tell their
attorney the best set of facts they can
think of and
Rudy already has gone out to the world
with facts that are not really developed
or that are eventually refuted and
that's the kind of thing that can burn
you Rudy Giuliani may be ahead of all of
us in this game but so far if you look
at some of the basic rules of defense
attorney 101 he's done it's been a bit
of a stumble he's really sloppy right
lawyers don't like sloppy yeah Cait
lawyers don't like sloppy you can't be
sloppy when you're representing those
facts especially because he's probably
being told those by team Trump and if
you don't verify those on your own they
will come back to bite you not just at
trial but in the news Barbara the the
shift from there was no collusion - hey
collusions not a crime
what's your reading of that well it
seems like a very deliberate effort
doesn't it I mean this isn't just one
person saying it we've got everybody
echoing and singing off the same sheet
of music it seems like they sat down and
had a meeting this weekend and said oh
my gosh we need to change our strategy
and it suggests to me that there is
evidence of collusion that's going to
come out and they need to figure out a
way around that and so say okay there is
collusion but so what because because
collusion isn't a crime so I don't know
if it is concerns about what we're
learning about the meeting with at Trump
Tower with Russians if there was in fact
perhaps some sort of pre meeting that
puts President Trump
knowing about the meeting maybe that's
what they are concerned is going to be
labeled as collusion and so do instead
pivot and say even if there was it's not
a crime it does seem like a very
deliberate strategy and it does seem
that they're worried that there is
evidence of collusion that is going to
come out into into the public before the
break that we're gonna go through in a
second John I just want to squeeze in a
political angle here in that same Vanity
Fair report that says dumb again hates
Rudy with the intensity of a thousand
burning Suns gets poetic there sometimes
there is this about John Kelly in that
same Vanity Fair report yesterday
afternoon Trump marked his first year as
she as chief with a tweet
congratulations to General John Kelly
today we celebrate his first full year
as White House chief of staff Trump
wrote afterward according to two sources
familiar with the matter Trump turned to
aides and said now can I get rid of him
yeah apparently apparently the answer
there was no because now it looks like
we're gonna have John Kelly all the way
through to the end election but but in
the Trump it doesn't mean that Trump
doesn't want to get rid of
administration you're my chief of staff
for the rest of the term means well
you're my chief of staff tomorrow sure I
always tomorrow morning what it's either
with six of one half dozen the other
yeah it's clear that Trump both that
doesn't like Kelly but also thinks that
he's now completely neutered him and
does whatever he wants dey's Trump does
whatever he wants and so the offer of
half sneem to stay till the to the
election a means nothing because he
could be fired tomorrow but also even if
he stays until the election to what
effect he's not as though Kelly's
exercising any kind of thus vaunted
discipline and control that we ever
thought that Kelly was gonna exercise
over Trump all right we have to get to
our first break here Barbara McQuade
Danny Cevallos John Holliman thank you
for starting us off tonight
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
