any member of this panel say to anyone
maybe this isn't such a good idea
commander during the deliberative
process over the previous year we raised
a number of concerns in the aura program
about any policy which would result in
family separation due to concerns we had
about the best interest of the child as
well as about whether that would be
operationally supportable with the bed
capacity we had so it was an HHS
official testifying before the Senate
today asked by senator Blumenthal hey
did anyone there inside HHS say don't
separate children from their families
don't rip them apart and what you just
saw and I'll read this answer again
during the deliberative process over the
previous year we raised a number of
concerns in the Orr program that's the
part of HHS about any policy which
results in family separation due to
concerns we had about the best interest
of the child
in other words absolutely we raised
concerns absolutely we warned them to
not to do it absolutely it would be
terrible for these children and you know
what the Trump administration did they
went ahead and they did it anyway
Democratic senator mazie Hirono of
Hawaii is one of the centers in today's
hearing am i miss reading that answer
senator was that out yarda no you're not
that is how we heard it but the thing is
that the trauma administration did not
listen to their people and went ahead
and instituted this very inhuman
cruel policy what you learn today the
hearing more broadly very clearly that
when the homeland security people
instituted or when the zero tolerance
policy was instituted and all these
parents are going to be criminally
prosecuted they have to separate the
children from the parents and they had
absolutely no plan or intention of ever
having to you know reunify these 3,000
or so children with their parents in
fact what they did with these children
was made them instant orphans and sent
them to Health and Human Services
jurisdiction and pretty much homeland
security wash their hands of it but for
this judge in San Diego who said you
will view
these children and you know what the
person who testified from from Health
and Human Services said when these
children were now deemed unaccompanied
children they were not set up there to
reunify these children with their
parents they're there to find sponsors
for them they're there to do other
things so chaos ensued I want to stop
you there because this is important and
there's a lot of jargon here but I think
this is a crucial point what you're
saying and what that HHS official
testified to you today in your hearing
was that when they were taken from their
parents they were kind into what's
called unaccompanied minors they were
not the the the shelters that got them
got them as if they come alone not with
their parents and those shelters have
procedures to place those children with
other people sometimes other families
where foster care or adoption yes
exactly and that is why the person from
Health and Human Human Services said
there they were not set up to reunify
these children with parents and the
thing is he had said that the thing that
was wrong was that the separation of
these children from their parents
because they became basically orphans
thanks to the zero tolerance policy
there's something about the story that
fills me the kind of Old Testament Rath
who is going to be held I feel like I
wanted a definitive accounting of how
this happened what the internal
deliberations were who said what to whom
who is what red flags is there any plan
to get some kind of definitive a captor
action report about what happened here
we can get to some of those specifics
but basically the president takes
responsibility for this it is his
zero-tolerance policy that resulted in
as articulated by the Attorney General
that all of a sudden we're going to
start prosecuting thousands of parents
as criminals and so you know this didn't
have to happen and I said as I said but
for this judge in San Diego who was by
the way appointed by a Republican
president if this judge did not say to
the administration you will realize
these children they still wouldn't be
doing it
in fact the Homeland Security would have
just washed their hands and all these
3,000 or so children would have been the
responsibility of the health and trooper
services my feeling is I know that
you're in the minority but I guess what
I'm trying to say is that's not good
enough I mean your your colleagues in
the House of Representatives in the
house majority are chasing the Deputy
Attorney General rod Rosen tied to the
gates of hell to turn over documents to
turn over underlying warrants that have
never been turned over in the history of
the modern FISA Court and I just feel
like this Congress needs to hold some
accountability over what this
administration has done and the
after-effects it's caused to these
children I said you know what I share
your outrage but there's no way that the
house which is filled with people who
are just enabling the President to do
all kinds of chaotic and cruel things
don't look to them I'm looking to
possibly the Senate at least we had a
hearing with these people who came to
testify because three weeks ago the
chairman Grassley was only going to have
the person from ice come and testify and
it's the rest of us if they wait a
minute
you have to have the apartment of
Justice you have to have the homeland
security people you have to have the
Health and Human Services people they
all have to testify and what was really
clear was there were there was never any
intention to reunify these kids and you
know what the person from Homeland
Security said these family detention
centers are like summer camps so when I
asked two of the five testifiers who had
some experience including the guy from
ice experience with these family centers
would you send your kid to
that he's so-called summer camps I just
got a lot of hemming and hawing did not
get a straight answer we have an
administration that still hasn't reunify
some 700 yeah 700 left senator mazie
Hirono we're gonna keep on that story
thank you for joining me hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
