thing one tonight Donald Trump has been
appointing judges at a record pace
pushing through the Senate more federal
judges than any other recent president
in his first two years stacking the
courts with conservatives and even quite
young who will remain on the bench long
after Trump himself is gone and Mitch
McConnell is paving the way calling it
his top priority to get Trump's judges
confirmed McConnell even went so far as
to cancel the Senate's August recess for
a number of reasons including among them
confirming as many more judges as he
possibly can but now the McConnell judge
approval machine has ground to a halt
because apparently one member of the
Senate Judiciary Committee has gone
missing and so McConnell can't get any
more nominees to the floor for a vote
who would do a thing like that to Mitch
McConnell this guy and that's thing too
in 60 seconds
so Majority Leader Mitch McConnell
canceled the Senate's traditional August
recess this year but one Center just
didn't listen and flew off Zimbabwe Jeff
Flake posted this picture to Twitter the
other day writing sunset this evening in
rural Zimbabwe tomorrow Election Day
marks a new day for this beautiful
country flake is there observing the
elections which are the first since
Robert Mugabe left and he posted several
more photos yesterday of polling
stations and ballots being counted now
it's certainly possible this was just a
really important trip to senator flake
he does have a connection the country
having served part of his Mormon mission
there but he must have realized that his
absence lasting approximately three more
weeks according to his office he's also
royally screwing over McConnell and
President Trump who need flake in DC to
continue their mission of packing the
courts with as many conservatives as
they can and again Jeff Flake has
announced he's not running for
reelection so maybe this is his way of
riding off into the sunset
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
