got more breaking news right now from
the white house let's go right to NBC
News White House correspondent Kristen
Welker Kristen you and Peter is it John
Kelly what are you guys doing we have
some major breaking news here Andrea
Peter is here to help me break it we are
celebrating 40 years of you and your
groundbreaking career here at NBC yeah
this is a little bit of a prom picture
that we're taking together but you and
Ray have paved the way for a generation
of journalists you have set the highest
bar you always ask the toughest
questions and you really are the
all-star in the entire NBC family it's
just on a personal note you're one of
the people who inspired me inspired
Peter to get it guys miss you're my
mentor my dear dear friend as it turns
out I suspect you're not surprised by
this we're not the only ones who feel
this way they want to celebrate you
today they want to thank you for being a
trailblazer and for being a part of
journalistic history take a look
Andrea you are such an inspiration to
the whole NBC news family into every
single journalist who shares near
tireless pursuit of the truth
thank you for blazing the trail for us
so many women in this business we would
not be anywhere without you I was a
viewer for many years before we began
working together an admirer from afar of
your work ethic your persistence and
your commitment to the truth you have
been a role model for me and more people
in this business and you probably will
ever know congratulations Andrea on 40
years that NBC News keep going for it we
need you now more than ever this
milestone is a testament to your hard
work and dedication and always enjoy
speaking with you and look forward to
more years of your professionalism and
great reporting and good wishes from a
fan
the was offend even a newt amended and I
can remember the days in the early 80s
when you were just a cub reporter and I
was chief of staff for Ronald Reagan in
his first term and I remember what a
wonderful reporter you were a hell of a
reporter in fact I have so appreciated
listening to you and I have loved being
on your program but most of all I have
loved our friendship so best wishes to
you and 40 more to go
Andrew I remember the first time you
ever interviewed me as part of a pool
and you and I did a great job for 25
minutes I thought I was great and then
you came back in to see me later that
day and say you looked in every single
word and I had said absolutely nothing
that was right that was my intention
never let me do that again
good congratulations Andrea on four
decades of service at NBC News 40 years
of holding public officials accountable
and informing people in the service of
democracy at home and abroad
America is in good hands when Andrea is
on the job protecting the people's right
to know and she's done this all over the
world and the fact of the matter is all
of our colleagues are an offer endless
endless energy and determination to get
the answer because they deserve
the one thing is run through your entire
curves last 40 years you only speak
truth to power and I think no reporters
are looking for an example of weather
reporters should be that you should take
a look at you in your career you're
knowledgeable you never ask questions
you don't know the answers to and you've
always prepared and as I said like I
said Andrea my reaction to hearing that
you were celebrating 40 years of NBC
News is the same as Dan coach's reaction
to hearing about a White House meeting
with Putin that's going to be special
congratulations Andrea
Andrea those are just a few of the
people who've you've impacted over the
years and I think that so many people
have said this accurately throughout the
hour which is that you have inspired the
entire generation of journalists
including the in Peter yeah Andrew we
thank you not just for your professional
mentorship but as importantly for your
professional of your personal friendship
celebrating personal Joy's in our lives
as well but today really is about
celebrating you so how having seen those
faces how does today feel how does this
feel it just it feels amazing to have my
MSNBC family and my NBC family and to
have the two of you and all of your
colleagues on our White House team and
Holly Jackson and everyone else I've
covered over these years and I'm just
excited about the story we are now
covering and all the stories we're now
covering here and abroad and here's to
the next whatever they are whatever they
are well Andrea Peter and I are talking
about all of the lessons that we've
learned from you and I think for me some
of them are persistent being prepared
you heard some of the folks talking
about the importance of that yeah no I
think that's exactly right the bottom
line is there's nobody who's better
prepared than Andrea I remember in the
old days we would have these meetings
and I'd say hey a source familiar with
John Kerry's thinking or somebody's
thinking is telling me this and Andrea
would say so I just hung up with John
Kerry and he's like I think I would go
with her source on this one
Andrea where did you learn everything
that you you know about being a great
journal I had really great mentors you
saw some of them certainly Tom and Brian
and Lester and all of my colleagues here
at NBC and I learned from you I've
learned from watching you guys watching
you at the White House and briefings and
curriculum when the president wanders
out things that didn't never used to
happen to us and so Peter and Christian
and the whole team there the incredible
team at the White House and on the hill
for us I'm learning everyday from all of
you well Andrea we we just feel so
fortunate and so honored to be able to
work with you if we love you so much and
one of my favorite things about all of
those clips we just showed was that
picture of you laughing
and smiling and I think that's one of
the things that the general public
doesn't know is that we just have so
much fun together we have so much fun
working with you and that's something
that we just feel so thankful for we
have working relentlessly and my thanks
to all of my pals here Michelle Perry
our executive producer in Casey Dolan
and Ericka Josef's and our seniors of
the whole team of extraordinary people
here that put this show on every day and
thanks to you I love you and I must be a
part of it we love you thank you guys
we'll be right back I'm trying to figure
eyes it how have you been at NBC for 40
years when you're 39 years old I just
don't get it I don't I don't understand
how you've done it but you're Andrew
Mitchell and you always make the
impossible possible Andrea I love you
you're you're someone I look up to
continue to look up to
thanks for being you
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
