President Trump is going after the Koch
brothers the billionaires who've been
handing out millions of dollars to
Republicans for years I know here's
here's a tweet that he sent he said this
morning the cokes are quote a total joke
in real Republican circles against
strong borders and powerful trade I
never sought their support because I
don't need their money or bad ideas they
love my tax and regulation cuts judicial
pics and more I made them richer their
network is highly overrated I have
beaten them at every turn they want to
protect their companies outside the u.s.
from being taxed I'm for America first
and the American worker a puppet for no
one
so why the fury well this weekend Koch
Network leaders distanced the
organization from some Republicans and
President Trump calling Trump's tariffs
wrongheaded the GOP spending horrifying
and the separation of families at the
border abhorrent in fact Charles Koch
even told the reporters he could be open
to working with Democrats in the future
saying quote I don't care what the
initials are in front or after
somebody's name his network also
announced it would not support a
Republican candidate in a close midterm
race in North Dakota saying he's
inconsistent on issues that matter to
the group Oh if inconsistent is a
problem the Koch brothers have they
ain't never going back to Trump time to
talk about the Koch brothers a little
bit right let's take a clerk who's a
closer look at exactly who they are
Charles and David inherited the nation's
second largest private company Koch
Industries from their father in 1967
today Charles is at the helm
David stepped down in June citing health
problems the two are worth an estimated
one hundred and twenty billion dollars
according to Forbes now the brothers
organized their own political network
back in 2003 an assembly of libertarians
libertarian leading people rich
businesspeople advocacy groups made up
about 700 members each has agreed to
contribute at least $100,000 annually to
Koch linked groups now this network has
shaped elections for years even being
called more powerful than the Republican
National Committee in 2012 it spent a
hundred and twenty-two million dollar
dollars on elections in 2014 it was up
to 129 and by 2016 the presidential
election an estimated two hundred and
fifty million dollars and its
being the auntie for the 2018 election
cycle pledging to shell out four hundred
million dollars on politics and policy
it's already spent 20 million promoting
the GOP tax cut plan so who gets all
this money
well Republican lawmakers super PACs
community groups colleges and
universities people running in judicial
elections even get money from the coax
the network is even backing the
confirmation of Judge Brett Kavanaugh to
the Supreme Court right now the network
says it's engaged in races in six states
the green ones are senatorial races the
yellow ones the gold ones are
gubernatorial races again spending
hundreds of millions of dollars in an
attempt to sway the midterms in favor of
vulnerable Republicans and their
policies joining us now Rick Tyler
Republican strategist and co-founder of
The Foundry strategies okay I'm gonna
start with this I'm why why would what
you're splay yeah I couldn't swim away
yeah you know why don't we just push
your chair right off okay we'll start
again why is he doing this I mean the
Koch brothers I saw Laura Ingraham last
night calling the Koch brothers ëletís
hello I mean the idea that the cokes are
joke is sort of laughable I mean so the
jokes did well to get a sense that's
right
to get a sense of who the cokes are
they're probably the most successful
entrepreneurial family in world history
worth about a hundred twenty billion
dollars I'll bet this set has materials
made of the cokes I'll bet you slept on
a mattress last night that material is
made from the cokes oh yeah I bet you
fill up your yacht with coke you know
they make just a myriad of products we
use every single day so they made a lot
of money if you go up to the met on 80th
Street here in New York City there's a
beautiful fountain in the front it has
the word coke and blades and on the
phone why Lincoln Center they got money
to Lincoln Center to give money of the
Matt David there there I think they're
New York's biggest philanthropist or at
least which makes me think about the
Trump foundation what is that under
investigation now they they've always
been sort of
demonized by the left Harry Reid made a
famous statement on this on the floor
saying the citing the Koch brothers and
the reason is that is political the Koch
brothers
and spend hundreds of millions of
dollars on election but it's interesting
they are now willing to withdraw from a
key Center race in North Dakota over not
because of politics they're not they're
gonna askew political expediency for
policy their policies are they're not
social conservatives they're very
libertarian they believe in free markets
and they do a lot of things to educate
the public on free markets so people
will understand why they should be
voting for candidates that are free
markets but when the party abandons its
principles and you can see this where
they're upset about in in the world of
free trade and tariffs they're saying no
we're going to abandon political
expediency and stick with our principles
on free markets they really think it's
likely though that they would work with
Democrats or the Democrats work with
them as you said they have demonized on
the Left see we do well we talked about
this two days ago and that is that
Donald Trump in many ways is is backward
thinking right he has this appeal to the
rain the remaining segments of a market
that says we can bring back Kol jobs and
manufacturing and all these things that
are there are jobs of the future there's
no jobs of the future the cokes are all
about the future and they're all about
their ideas that innovations yes they're
hard and they disrupt industries uber is
a great sense of that even the
technologies in politics today are
disrupting politics you can see that of
the Russian investigation see though the
way we campaign and target people when
the most laughable committee hearings I
ever saw well yeah Mark Zuckerberg they
were up there talking about the use of
the Facebook yeah and they were talking
about they were talking about so let me
get this straight marks after you target
people with advertising they'd like to
see and what Mark should have said was
just the way you target people who are
most likely to vote for you right they
all use data the left hates the cokes
the cokes hey it's the left is there
really a chance they're gonna work
together because they've proven it
they've shown that we are not about
supporting a political party blindly I
think I think there's a huge opportunity
for Democrats to figure out how to
embrace and train for the jobs of the
future and juxtapose that against
Trump's building up legacy
and that's gonna be tough for them
because they've got unions and they've
which are around manufacture do you
think there's any Democrats we're gonna
pick up the phone hey Chuck and David
how you doing I mean honestly it's that
I don't know but I mean well look money
talks right and money and the elections
are expensive and if you have someone
who's a multi billionaire who wants to
talk about the future and jobs
why wouldn't they before that hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there and click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
