joining me now is John Brennan the
former director of CIA he's now NBC's
senior national security and
intelligence analyst welcome very much
good to see you John we're seeing
satellite photos I've talked to sources
Courtney Kuby has as well confirming all
of this information Wall Street Journal
as well a lot of signs that North Korea
is continuing to build they can't they
discontinue testing months and months
ago as the president has has said with
great pride but the fact is if they're
now building could this mean that they
finished testing because they were
moving to a new production stage
congratulations on 40 years of
outstanding professionalism you've done
a great job in educating American public
on some very difficult and complicated
issues and so you're to be commended for
that I don't think it should surprise
anybody what we may be seeing in North
Korea right now the agreements the
so-called agreement that was forged in
Singapore between mr. Trump and Kim
jong-un basically said nothing more than
they'll work toward denuclearization
with great uncertainty about what they
mean by denuclearization and so their
continued efforts to either produce
fizzle material and there are reports
that that continues as well as continue
to develop their intercontinental
ballistic missile capability and these
ICBMs are ones that can reach the
American homeland so I think Kim jong-un
is taking advantage of this time right
now to continue to develop his
capabilities both in terms of his
nuclear program and the ballistic
missile capabilities to deliver those
nuclear warheads so I think this is
something to be greatly concerned about
I know Mike Pompeo is trying to
negotiate some type of arrangement but
again it's not surprising at all given
the continued assessment I believe of
the intelligence community that Kim
jong-un has no intention to give up his
nuclear weapons well here's what the
president said at the VFW event only a
week ago Lee about the Singapore summit
we had a fantastic meeting with chairman
Kim and it seems to be going very well
how difficult is it for his intelligence
advisors and his Secretary of State now
to try to inject some reality into these
negotiations when the
president is bragging about it publicly
it must be very difficult for them to
try to convey to him the seriousness of
the issue and to make sure that he
understands what is and is not happening
clearly mr. Trump continues to
grandstand and to say things publicly
that are far removed from the truth I'm
reminded of Hamlet's soliloquy in terms
of full of sound and fury signifying
nothing and I think a lot of times we
hear mr. Trump spout out on these issues
whether it be on the meeting with mr.
Putin or Kim jong-un or others and
there's not much there there and these
are very very serious issues that really
affect u.s. national security and I'm
hoping that all of his advisors and the
intelligence community are taking the
issue seriously as I'm confident they
are mr. Trump has to do the same thing
he has to understand it's not just a
question of how to express what he
believes or what he wants people to
believe is happening he really needs to
make progress on these very thorny
national security issues a couple of
weeks ago just as Secretary Pompeo was
having some difficulty in Pyongyang
getting them to live up to commitments
you heard from John Bolton on one of the
sunday talk shows saying well Pompeo can
maybe do this in a year or so I asked
Dan Coates about that and he was very
explicit the you know you can't
denuclearize North Korea in a year
what's your projection well I think this
is if if we're serious about having
North Korea denuclearize or move along
that path it's going to require some
patience as well as to understand that
to dismantle their nuclear and ballistic
missile programs
which means to destroy the warheads to
tear down or to dismantle those
facilities that produce the fizzle
material the machining and the
engineering facilities all of this is
part of that program and if we're really
going to have them denuclearize there
has to be a very comprehensive plan and
program to be able to get them to move
along that path but so far I've seen
nothing at all then North Korea says
it's dismantled or destroyed its testing
facility well it's already tested a
nuclear device a half dozen times for
North Korean standards the reliability I
think that's sufficient and so therefore
they continue to grow that stockpile as
well
to better develop the capabilities to
deliver the warheads to potential
targets I would also ask you about the
president after the fiery threats
against Iran and its regime only a week
or so ago was saying yesterday he would
talk to the leader of Iran with no
preconditions the Secretary of State
quickly fixed that or tried to fix it on
CNBC by listing three specific
preconditions but what about the
president's attitude towards these
meetings with leaders of rogue states or
other adversaries well I think it
reflects two things one is that he makes
up foreign policy on the fly and so
whatever comes into his mind he decides
to say it secondly I think he has a
greatly greatly inflated view of his
ability to move the needle on some of
these key net security issues whether it
be on North Korea or Russia or Iran and
therefore when he says I'm willing to
meet with anyone anytime I I believe
that he means it but I don't think he
understands just how complex these
issues are and also he probably realizes
that the Iranians are not going to take
him at his word because his word it
really is has been proved to be
worthless he is not somebody who is you
able to actually pin down on some of
these issues
I also this is the first chance I've had
to talk to you since the threats from
the White House to strip you of your
security clearance they followed up on
that and what are the implications of it
for you
well I have heard nothing other than
what has come out from the White House
spokesperson I'm not surprised that this
is something that Rand Paul has thought
up Rand Paul is not on the Intelligence
Committee I don't know anybody in the
intelligence Nash security realms who
takes what Rand Paul says seriously but
he continues to spout off on these
issues and so he got the mr. Trump's a
year I don't know what's going to happen
but you know they have a real flawed
understanding about what security
clearances mean I've gone back to the
agency in the number of times to review
my files so I could be prepared for
congressional committee hearings or as
well as interviews by staff but I have I
don't go back to the agency and get
briefings
never requested a briefing on any issue
over the past year and a half since I
left government so again this is mr.
Paul Senator Paul and mr. Trump it is
trying to make some public you know hay
by saying these things but again I have
not heard nothing more about it since
last week John Brennan thank you as
always and thank you for your good
thoughts it really means a lot to me
thank thanks so much that's wishes
thanks ed joining us now we have
breaking news from the hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
