the Rachel Maddow Show starts right now
with re Melbourne and for Rachel good
evening re good evening and thank you
Chris and thanks to you at home for
joining us this hour rachel has the
night off
we begin tonight with one of the more
telling admissions from Trump's criminal
defense team one of those nights where
you wonder who Rudy Giuliani is really
trying to help now one way to understand
this absurdity is with the absurd
camerawork that blessed the Internet
this weekend when this dog got a hold of
a GoPro camera the video perspective
here fits a little bit of how Giuliani
is maybe an unreliable narrator or
director twists and turns in this drama
have definitely benefited from his
telling and so our thanks tonight to the
dog who grabbed that camera in his mouth
and we ran it all over the place this
weekend it's something worth seeing
now as for Giuliani he is claiming
collusion is not a crime this point of
course first arose last May after Trump
fired FBI director James Comey a news
broke within a week that Comey said the
president asked him to end the
investigation into his recently fired
national security adviser Mike Flynn
boom then the DOJ of course appointed
Bob Miller special counsel the next day
Trump's colossal mistake taking the one
and only possible action that could
enlarge that probe into his White House
as we all know by now it changed the
whole arc of his presidency it spawned a
cottage industry of of Trump legal
actions and discussion from former
prosecutors explaining this probe into
his conduct will have one in a moment to
his allies experimenting on TV with all
kinds of Defense's and some are better
than others if you say Trump was a
rookie and he didn't know what his
campaign was up to if true that's a
decent legal defense if you say Trump
did collude and that's not a crime
that's not a decent legal defense
because it's not true
it also kind of makes you sound guilty
so here's how that one got started on
Fox News
I mean look I've said it before and I'll
say it again collusion is not a crime
only an antitrust law you conclude all
you want with a foreign government in an
election there's no such statute
but what what crime right anybody
identify the crime collusion while is
obviously be alarming and highly
inappropriate for the Trump campaign of
which there's no evidence by the way of
colluded with the Russians it's not a
crime we'll get to that the fact check
anyway but let's go through this history
in May and June of last year then you
had Trump allies going back to the claim
of collusions not a crime and it seems
like a weird defense to start with at
the time rather than just denying it but
then it made more sense when the New
York Times would later report this was
last summer something that many close
Trump aids apparently already knew that
there was this rush at Trump Tower
meeting that trumps own son took it
explicitly after being promised the
damaging information on Clinton and then
The Times exposed the actual exchanges
that preceded the meeting including of
course if it's what you say I love it
so if you did that you might need a
wider defense than denial in October
came the indictments of those multiple
Trump campaign officials October 30th
the special counsel announcing those
indictments against Paul manna Ford who
goes on trial tomorrow plus his deputy
campaign manager Rick gates Miller also
announced guilty pleas a foreign policy
adviser George papadopolis who admitted
to lying about his contacts with who
with Russian nationals who he thought
were tied to the Russian government who
had offered him what yes information
about the possible release of Hillary
Clinton's emails so following those
indictments we then saw allies of the
president including now and this is key
the president's own lawyers picking up
the argument like a GoPro camera
collusions not a crime and running
around with it you just had all this
conversation about collusion remember
this collusion in and of itself there's
no crime of collusion that's not just a
pundit that's the president's lawyer Jay
Sekulow and he would return to that he'd
pick up that bone if you will in his
mouth and whip it around following the
guilty plea of Mike Flynn a month later
Sekulow said quote for something to be a
crime there has to be a statute that you
claim is being violated there's not a
statute that refers to criminal
collusion there's no crime of collusion
presidents himself jumped in on this and
argument he heard about on TV from
Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz
and the president then brought it up in
an interview with the New York Times
saying I watched her show it's the other
day he said number one there's no
collusion number two collusion is not a
crime but even if it was a crime there
was no collusion
that's the combining of the denial with
the collusion is not a crime narrative
now it may be went away for a few months
the president was focusing on just the
straight-up no collusion point you see
it in all the tweets and then now it is
roaring back because of the Thursday
night bombshell that the president's own
former lawyer and fixer Cohen is
claiming despite all those denials the
President did know about the Russia
Trump Tower meeting in advance now when
that report dropped the allies of the
president you bet you know what happens
next they picked it up they whipped it
around and began running with it again
it's hard to see the point of all of
this hysteria what exactly with the
crime here be it's not illegal to talk
to foreigners nobody is claiming that
any information changed hands though
even if it did so what look I don't
think that it's bad if campaigns are
turning to foreign governments for dirt
it's not collusion it's not something
that's impeachable as they say in court
hey dude no one cares if you think it's
bad the question is whether it's an
illegal conspiracy now this was carried
on through the weekend by the
president's surrogates on Sunday shows
so we don't even know if the information
that we're being given by that other
outlet is even accurate now if it is and
we've discussed this before collusion is
not a crime and so the fact of the
matter is that we're a long way away yet
from having anything to talk about here
and today it got stranger with the
president's own lawyer Rudy Giuliani
going further I've been sitting here
looking in the federal code trying to
find collusion as a crime it's not
collusion is not a crime
I'm not even know if that's a crime
colluding about Russians okay you start
you start analyzing the crime the
hacking is the crime of the present
of course not that's the originating
play the bagging he didn't pay them for
hacking can I just point out that Donald
Trump famously doesn't pay his own
contractors and his own longtime lawyers
I mean even if his opponents were
accusing him of anything it wouldn't be
of paying Vladimir Putin for the hack
but big picture we are as all of this
voluminous record shows a long ways from
any kind of straight denial and we're
getting closer to people who work for
the president right now saying that even
an alleged knowing election conspiracy
quid pro quo ought to be legal Muller
meanwhile is probing how Trump used a
July 26 2016 speech that we all remember
to weirdly address Russia in the second
person on the very criminal activity
that it's now been indicted for saying
quote Russia if you're listening I hope
you're able to find the 30,000 emails
that are missing indeed we know this
timeline from the new indictment it was
the very same night that Russian agents
quote for the first time attempted to
Spearfish email accounts used by
Clinton's personal office is that just
history is it just odd timing did Muller
just indict foreigners and Paul Manafort
and is now maybe getting ready to wrap
things up to be fair we don't know they
haven't said but what we're seeing right
now amidst some of this collusion is not
a crime hysteria is the people closest
to this people like Rudy Giuliani and
the President himself they're not acting
like Muller is wrapping this up they are
acting like something is about to get
much hotter and like it's somehow for
some reason important to them to get at
least their supporters at least some
people in this nation right now tonight
to believe that crimes are not crimes I
turn now to a federal forum a former
federal prosecutor Daniel Goldman who's
a US attorney in the Southern District
of New York he's a fellow at the Brennan
Center for Justice at NYU Law School
thanks for being here tonight thanks for
having me collusion is not a word that
figures importantly into the federal
statutes but the
reference to an election conspiracy is
the type of crime that is in the
statutes walk us through what to make of
this type of defense if you were to sit
on television every night and every time
you talked about this investigation you
were you would have to say let's talk
about the investigation into a
conspiracy to defraud the United States
from impeding the proper functions of
the government people would turn the
channel off collusion is just shorthand
for potentially several crimes that are
in the federal code and so this shift in
strategy when Rudy Giuliani
unquestionably knows that means to me
there's something else up it's it's just
too too simplistic and and and just too
incorrect even for someone like Rudy
Giuliani who has made a number of
misleading and incorrect statements over
the past couple months even for him
it's a it's a clear change in strategy
what does it suggest to you that he's
worried about so you mentioned the
Michael Cohen piece I actually think
there might be an additional wrinkle to
this because and follow me here for a
second
Giuliani introduced the notion of this
proceeding meeting to that June 9th
meeting that was not out there before
and today on one of his many interviews
he said that one of the people at that
meeting was Rick gates Rick gates is the
star cooperating witness in the Paul
Manafort trial which is set to begin
tomorrow and before a trial the
government has to provide to the defense
every prior statement of any of their
witnesses so now manna forts attorneys
have Rick gates as prior statements all
of his interviews with Muller and his
team and what what sticks out to me is
that Gates was at that meeting and it
would not surprise me this is pure
conjecture and there may be limitations
on whether man affords lawyers can
disclose this but it would not surprise
me at all if Rudy Giuliani learned from
manna forts lawyers a little bit about
what Rick Gates is gonna say about
collusion and they're now trying to get
out in front of this by not denying that
his collusion but by saying it's not a
crime that's a fascinating theory that
would explain some of the chain of
potential information but given what
Manta Ford is charged with why would the
Trump at our meeting come up at all
it will likely not come up at the trial
but because of the Federal Rules of
Evidence that and the federal statutes
that require a the government to
disclose all of his prior statements
because they can be used for
cross-examination to impeach him
Manta Ford's lawyers will have known
about this so don't expect to hear about
this at the trial that's upcoming but
it's something that through potential
back channels Rudy Giuliani could learn
and also Rudy Giuliani would not have
been able to speak to Ricketts so he
would not when he says and goes on I
said I've spoken to everybody at those
meetings it is not true that he Giuliani
himself at least has spoken to Ric gate
since gates cooperated before Giuliani
came on the scene it's enough to make
your head spin because you're referring
to how Rudy Giuliani said well there was
talk about a pre-meeting
which could make them look bad if they
were all geared up and prepping for
getting bad stuff on Clinton from the
Russians but then he says well maybe
there wasn't a pre-meeting anyway so
what's he doing there
covering his tracks because I think he
spoke too much and I think he realized
at some point that this is the first
anyone had heard of this pre meeting and
everyone's focused on it now and for him
to give an explanation of oh there was a
pre meaning but the president wasn't
there and didn't know about it again
it's that doth protest too much you know
of course the president didn't pay
Vladimir Putin for hacking of course the
president didn't speak to Vladimir Putin
on the phone and say hey can you
interfere in our election on my behalf
but you don't have to do that yeah if
you don't pay contractors in Atlantic
City you're probably not paying the
Kremlin they're farther away and they
just there's no fundamental
understanding of a conspiracy which does
not require direct contact you can build
evidence of a conspiracy through all
sorts of direct or circumstantial
evidence right at Giuliani also knows
under campaign laws even accepting the
thing of value from a foreign government
is illegal so that it doesn't require an
actual transaction there as always
Daniel Goldin we learn from you
thank you very much for being here thank
you for having me hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
