here is what meet what might be Donald
Trump's strategy for winning the
election that is 99 days away if we
don't get border security after many
many years of talk within the United
States I would have no problem doing a
shutdown it's time we had proper border
security with a laughingstock of the
world we have the worst immigration laws
anywhere in the world we need border
security border security includes the
wall I would be certainly willing to
consider a shutdown if we don't get
proper border security with the latest
polling showing that 58 percent
disapprove of the president's
immigration policies Democrats believe a
trump government shutdown over the wall
which would occur about a month before
the election would be good for the
Democrats Republicans think the
Democrats are right about that last week
Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell thought
they worked out a deal to avoid a
government shutdown and delay funding
for a wall as far as the wall is
concerned we've gotten some wall funding
already underway and the president's
willing to be patient to make sure that
we get what we need so that we can get
that done is the funding of the border
wall going to wait until after the
midterm elections probably so you're not
worried about a government shutdown
because that's not gonna happen
that was last week now that the
president has threatened a shutdown at
the height of the election campaign
Republicans are very worried don't think
it would be a good idea and I don't
think it would be necessary
none of us fully shut down digger
Democrats are no one wins I think the
American people expect us to do our job
and should think you'd be bad politics
for the Republican Party to shut the
government down would get blamed so I
prefer a deal that would be a win-win
rather than shutting the government down
but Donald Trump has never been in step
with the Republican establishment on his
campaign for the wall especially when he
first announced his campaign for the
wall when he was a candidate in a new
piece today as recline writes in a field
of Republicans who were trying to change
the party to appeal to a rising Hispanic
electorate Trump was alone in speaking
to Republican voters who didn't want the
party to remake itself who wanted to be
told that a wall could be built and
things could go back to the way they
were joining our discussion now is Ezra
Klein editor at large at Vox and the
host of the podcast the Ezra Klein show
his new piece in Vox is entitled white
threat in a Browning America as Roe what
does Donald Trump think he knows about
the wall that those Republicans we just
heard from do not know about the wall
there are two things one is that Donald
Trump believes that the core thing that
wins an election is you get your base
out Donald Trump is not a persuasive
politician it's not try to persuade
people who do not agree with him to
agree with him what he tries to do is
tell people that he agrees with them he
tries to get people who feel ignored by
the political system who feel angry
practically at the Republican Party to
turn out to vote so one way in which
Donald Trump has talked about this
before and this has been reported pretty
widely is he thinks a shutdown might
actually help him because he'd have his
base his people activated upset they'd
be watching Fox News he'd be coming out
to vote maybe their thing and this just
goes to Donald Trump this is a way in
which Donald Trump's views are very
authentic I mean he's not kidding around
he really really believes it we heat a
wall on the border he really believes
that the borders completely insecure he
really believes that America is being
overrun by people from countries that I
will not use his term on the air and so
the other place where he disagrees with
the Republican Party isn't just on the
politics of it but is actually on the
importance of the policy of it and in
your piece as where you talk about the
the the linkage here of what caused what
there's been this common theory since
the emergence of the Trump vote big
enough vote to win the electoral college
that economic anxiety activated the
racial resentment that was manifest in
the Trump campaign in your piece you
find plenty of evidence that racial
resentment activated the economic
anxiety that the racial resentment came
first and the people who harbored racial
resentment then had a higher level of
economic anxiety I'm somebody asking me
about this yeah so a lot of this data
there been a ton of studies on this now
but but a lot of the ones I'm using here
come from a book called identity crisis
which is the best look at election data
from 2016 it comes out in about two
months and what what they found there's
been this very convenient theory of the
election and the way it goes is this
Donald Trump you're not seeing in him a
racist America you're not seeing a white
identity backlash you're just seeing a
bad economy a bad economy that makes
people scared and makes him defensive it
makes them pull back and it makes him
ready to blame others and so all you
need to add to that catalytic mixture is
some kind of combustible agent like
Donald Trump and you get what we got in
2016 and the reason that's a reasonably
convenient view is it it means we can
fix it we can fix the underlying thing
in a way we all agree on we just need to
make the economy better and everybody
wants to make the economy better right
well the problem is that just doesn't
appear to be true racial resentment not
economic anxiety led where people led
how people voted in 2016 at least the
ones who are changing their votes and
one of the ways we know the head is that
before 2012 before 2016 back when you're
looking in 2007 if you looked at how
resentful people were racially it had no
reflection on how they thought about the
economy by the end of Barack Obama's
presidency how you thought about the
economy was extremely related to what
you thought about african-americans so
you had this thing happening where if
you were more racially resentful you
believed the unemployment rate was worse
than it was if you were more racially
resentful you believed the economy is
going in the wrong direction and by the
way Donald Trump was one of these people
he was out there saying that the real
unemployment was 42% after Donald Trump
won the election the economic optimism
of the most racially resentful flip
they are now the most economically
optimistic people in the country this is
not what you would expect if what was
going on was an actual economic
conditions problem it is what you would
expect if people were filtering their
feelings about the economy through their
feelings about whether or not their
group is rising or falling and it seems
possible even by the evidence in your
piece that the Russians who were
attacking our election process were
actually more aware of this you say
there's a reason why when the Russians
wanted to so division in the American
election they focused their social media
trolling on America's racial divisions
yeah this has been reported why the USA
Today to great analysis of this if you
look at what Russians were doing on
Facebook if you look at the Russian
troll farms and BOTS they were doing
blacklivesmatter trolling they were
trying to get into America's racial
divisions and this is a thing America
pretends an innocence about its own
racial not just past but its own racial
president we don't like to be told these
are divisions we don't like to be told
that there are problems here in our
country we want to believe we've all
become colorblind that we moved into a
post-racial moment that it's all just a
completely easygoing conversation about
economic anxiety and and and politics as
as policymakers would have it but we
have these very very deep cuts we have a
lot of trouble talking about them but
those who want to influence our
elections don't and by the way that's
not just a Russians political
consultants know how to do these things
we've seen for years ads that are very
good at doing dog whistles and coated
Appeals this is a very deep wound in in
the country and people were trying to
move our politics know how to activate
it as recline thank you very much for
joining us tonight really appreciate it
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
