thing one tonight if you are wondering
how people keep falling for the Sacha
Baron Cohen pranks on his new who is
America show it is because they were all
taped before the first episode air so
someone likes a broom or would have no
reason to suspect that this guy he was
meeting with was it really an Israeli
anti-terror expert why Alabama of the
strong connection with these and it's
just Alabama has always been a state
that valued freedom valued Liberty of
course and appreciated what people went
through to get it and I think that
Alabama has always been a place for
equality it has and we've celebrated
throughout our history things like this
in Alabama people have always been free
whatever their religion or race or sex
it's part of our heritage of them no
part of our marriage that little back
and forth was just the preamble to the
real pranking featuring a demonstration
of a brand-new fictional Israeli
security device
that is thing too in 60 seconds
if Sacha Baron Cohen's new show has
taught us anything it's that Wow there
are a lot of Republicans who are really
eager to meet with a hyper macho Israeli
anti-terror expert character disgraced
former Senate candidate Roy Moore of
Alabama is the latest and this is the
moment the anti-terror expert character
demonstrated a new marvel of Israeli
technology the pedophile detector it is
very very simple to use you just switch
it on and because neither of us so sex
offenders then it make absolutely
nothing you just put it on you put it
nearby right this is obviously a problem
although it must be faulty so I is this
your jacket yes did you lend the jacket
to somebody else maybe no I've been
married for 33 so I never had an
accusation of such things I am not
accusing you at all this is and if this
is an instrument I did certainly I'm not
a pedophile okay no but the machine is
well I don't know maybe Israeli
technology hasn't developed properly
this is the 99.8% world it is not saying
that you are a pedophile of course not I
am simply cutting this conversation
right now
no thank you have you been nice
supporting Israel I don't support this
kind of stuff hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
