the pressure is building on president
Trump leaks suggesting that there may be
evidence linking him to that Trump Tower
meeting which does put him closer to an
alleged knowing and willful conspiracy
to collude with Russia tonight I can
report there's actually more bad news in
here for Trump but it comes from his own
current lawyer Rudy Giuliani and before
we get into the details I want to put it
like this here's how to think about why
tonight is so revealing about the mood
at the White House which is quite dark
if you're accused of murder the best
defense is usually denial I didn't do it
but if that becomes impossible to claim
because there's strong public evidence
that you did kill someone then the next
offense typically in law becomes
justification I did it but it's not a
crime because the killing was in
self-defense for example and and then
it's not a crime killing a terrorist on
9/11 is not a crime in fact it's heroism
keep those two defenses in mind
denial versus a kind of justification
when you hear Rudy Giuliani's new
defense he's not saying no collusion
today he's saying collusions not a crime
I've been sitting here looking in the
federal code trying to find collusion as
a crime it's not collusion is not a
crime I'm not even know if that's a
crime colluding about Russians okay you
start you start analyzing the crime the
hacking is the crime Giuliani may not
always sound that cogent or coordinated
but look he is on this media blitz wall
the White House departs from a past
strategy of largely avoiding mentioning
Bob Miller by name Donald Trump now
claiming Bob Miller has a legal conflict
the White House won't even put out
support though for that claim what's he
referring to he's wearing referring to a
dispute which I imagine more I imagine
he disclosed it to Rosenstock when he
appointed him because it would involve
something that why she wasn't settled
even to this day
what is that's up to the President and
mower to describe the conflict I can't
tell you are you saying that the
business conflict that Muller and
president Trump had is that about his
golf course I'm not gonna go any further
he's not going further on that now there
were some specifics when Giuliani talked
about other
alleged meetings before the Trump Tower
meeting the meeting with the Russians
that how can you be sure that the
president didn't know beforehand oh
you're saying it's just a he said he my
god nobody can be sure of anything
situations like this
you have two things that argue against
calling Siwon one I'm sorry three things
then he gets you the other meeting he
says he was sad that the president
wasn't at it's three or four on one
that's but it also was headed occult or
Lanny Davis had added that there was a
meeting two days before the meeting took
place with Donald Jr Jared Manafort and
two others gates and one more person and
that's a real meeting you're saying that
that that's a real meeting on earth on
another provable subject in which he
would not just be if there was a real
pre-meeting it hasn't been discussed in
public now hours later Giuliani says
this phantom meeting if you want to call
it that was investigated recently by two
publications but the meeting never
happened that was a meeting an alleged
meeting three days before
according to call it according to the
leak maybe cold over the druggist I
don't know they haven't pursued it and
the two publications are not going to
publish it I think they found
independent contradiction he says it was
a meeting with Donald Jr
with Jared Kushner with Paul Manafort
with gates possibly two others in which
they out of the presence of the
president discussed the meeting with the
Russian we checked with their lawyers
the ones we could check with which was
four of the six that meeting
never ever took place imagination or is
lying okay let's deal with the figments
clearly Giuliani says the only reason he
brought up this other meeting which he
says did not happen is that he wanted to
get out in front of a leak rudy is
saying that Michael Cohen's big secret
evidence if he has it is actually
nothing you can think of this attack as
a kind of argument that Michael Cohen is
like Geraldo
and he's going to open this famous vault
but the vault is actually empty no
meeting
so if Giuliani is right that Michael
Cohen's big vault of evidence doesn't
have anything in it that will actually
deal with the probe well then we'll see
but Michael Cohen and lanny davis are
not Geraldo they're not standing in
front of a vault this whole thing is
weird which is why we're reaching for
weird references how do you accuse
someone of going full Geraldo and
promising a vault in this case a meeting
when they haven't done it and there's no
vault I begin with this absurd line of
questioning with a very serious panel
Margay member the New York Times
editorial board Shelby Holiday reporter
for The Wall Street Journal and near at
hand and a former top aide to Hillary
Clinton and president CEO of the Center
for American Progress uh Shelby let me
start with you what does it mean when
Rudy Giuliani says Michael Cohen might
come forward in front of this vault but
the vaults empty and yet we're at a
period in this debate where Michael
Cohen hasn't done that well there's a
lot of ways to interpret what Rudy
Giuliani is saying but one thing that's
very interesting is in the past he has
come out to try to get ahead of other
stories like the stormy Daniels payment
and it's been his job to sort of leak
some information that might be coming
out anyway to do a little bit of damage
control for when that information does
come out it's unclear if that's what
he's doing here because he's on some
networks denying that this alleged
meeting ever took place but on CNN it
was a little more confusing when he he
seemed to say that this was a meeting
and that they were it would be four
against one or five against one
in terms of I don't even know whether or
not that meeting took place or what was
said at the meeting
so he's do it he's confusing a lot of
people but another thing that Rudy could
be doing is trying to take away some of
the leverage that Michael Cohen has if
he wants to cooperate with prosecutors
what he has to offer might be taken away
by Rudy publicly and if you look at all
the other stories including leaks about
tapes those have seemed to come from
Giuliani and Trump so it does seem like
they're trying to kind of mess with
Michael Cohen at this point they're
upset with him they're disappointed I'm
quite frankly they're very scared of him
Neera yeah I would have
the similar interpretation I guess I
would say overall what Giuliani is
trying to do it seems to me is just
muddy up the waters as much as possible
so when a bombshell does come out it
sounds like it's a little bit old news
to us obviously he contradicted himself
a lot today but I think the fact that he
conceded collusion when the president of
the United States has been saying there
is no collusion is an important fact I
think look that this is an important
criminal investigation but at the end of
the day the president's lawyer has
admitted at least for a time today
that the President of the United States
colluded with the Russians to help win
his election and I know he wants to say
that that's the the question before
Muller is the criminality absolutely
that the fact that the president's
lawyer has conceded collusion with the
Russians to get himself elected I think
most Americans would see that as a
pretty big bombshell in and of itself
and yeah a fact that we should be deeply
anxious about the legitimacy of this
president that's the headline on the
screen if you look up on your news
screen and you see Giuliani claims
colluding with Russia is not a crime
right that's a bad thing whether it's
colluding with Russia or Iran or
whomever that's a bad thing that is now
being sold is not a crime and we've done
reporting on this show and I think folks
are aware that depending on what the
collusion entails it absolutely can be a
crime because an international
conspiracy to get a thing of value or to
impact the u.s. election is criminal
activity it just depends who knew what
when we got in my Neera as such an
experienced person that you are at the
Nexus of campaigns and media where these
things do play out let's take a listen
to why Giuliani says he is first the
first mover on bringing up the
pre-meeting geraldo safe thing take a
listen
why do I mention it because first of all
I thought it was going to come out
second my experience is that when you
have stuff like this floating around it
comes out and I don't want it to come
out and be unrebutted when it originally
comes out
part of what we're trying to do here the
jury is for this case is the American
public near a given that you are
disclosed as an opponent to him I think
I would press you to admit he seems to
be telling the truth there about how he
views this in his motivations yeah
absolutely I mean look throughout this
whole long national nightmare of this
investigation where the president has
seemingly lied regularly what's obvious
is that the Trump legal team is their
foremost goal is to indict the
prosecution is to drive drive opposition
to the prosecution make it impossible
for Republicans to act because it's seen
through a partisan lens and it's almost
as if they concede on some level that
they're guilty and their goal is just me
to make it impossible for a jury to
convict and like in a normal trial what
this would be zena's
trying to tamper with the jury pool and
I think in some way that is what
Giuliani is confessing to he's trying to
throw up as much mud as possible
so the American people are confused with
whatever Muller comes out with and let's
just be candid you do that when you're
guilty now when you're innocent you know
I'm struck by something that that Rudy
said he said nobody can be sure of
anything and I think you know it sounds
almost Putin that like oh we like are we
even here right now man maybe we're
still in class and this is a dream
exactly that's a very good point
that's very nefarious these guys Rudy
Giuliani and and the president too they
have a long history of you know using
New York City tabloids to kind of do the
same thing you just you you fight for
you fight in the public arena and so
what you can't do in the courtroom you
try and do you know in in the in the
court of public opinion and I think this
is a case where they seem very worried
about what's going to happen in the
courtroom
that's right I mean they can't control
that right and and so they're doing what
they do best which is they do a PR blitz
and they so enough doubt in the minds of
if not the American people at least
their base you know to prevent the
political fallout because we'd remember
there's there's a legal process here but
when you talk about something like
impeachment for example that's a
political process it's not a legal one
and I think they have their laser
focused on that so one more thing just
well have Mara I want you to take a
listen to Anthony Sierra Moochie who's a
pretty loyal Trump aide but goes quite
far in trying to avoid apparently lying
because if you watch this clip closely
it seems like he's of the view that of
course Trump would have been briefed
about the Trump Tower meeting given
everything we know and so he keeps
relying on the word possible take a
listen you really find it credible that
Donald Trump jr. Jared Kushner Paul
Manafort would have had this meeting
where they were gonna get all this dirt
allegedly on Hillary Clinton for him to
use against her and they wouldn't have
told him about it that's that sounds
credible to you well I think could he
have known after the fact I think that's
possible they do think it's possible and
I think that if you check sources inside
the White House and you check sources
inside that campaign the level of
frenetic ISM it is very possible so yes
I do think that that's possible I
understand the pushback white people
think it is impossible whatever one big
fancy scare Moochie he's a Harvard
trained lawyer it was using the word
possible as cover for the fact that he
doesn't want to directly lie and he
knows it's not very likely that Donald
Trump didn't know and if he knew that
puts him closer this is how we got here
and why there's a freak out tonight that
puts him through his own lawyer Cohen
closer to advanced knowledge of a
potential conspiracy it's remarkable I
mean look we're at a point now where
every person in America needs to decide
for herself or himself are you going to
believe what's in front of your eyes or
are you going to see things through
partisanship through tribalism in some
never-never-land and I think
unfortunately that's where we've come to
I mean we don't know what the outcome of
the Moller investigation is yet and and
that's that's fine let's let that
process yeah we don't
but we do have other reporting and
evidence and indictments that have taken
place so far to where we don't need to
you know believe the president when he
calls us a witch-hunt we know that's not
the case so let's just stick to the
facts there's one other thing about
Anthony scare Mooji that's interesting
he came on board right after the Trump
Tower meeting was exposed in the media
and there are emails in Senate testimony
there's an email that's allegedly from
scare Mooji and his email address to the
Russian side to rob Goldstone in the
Russian side telling them to hang in
there so there's reason to believe he
knows a lot about the Trump Tower
meeting and also what happened after
that became public so I think the
possible word as you pointed out is very
important here Nia you wanted to get in
yeah I would just say I think a really
important thing for the the issue of
tribalism is that I think the ground has
really shifted in this investigation
post the Putin meeting before that I
don't think a lot of people really
understood how much Donald Trump seemed
to be at the beck and call of Putin you
understood me could have facts about
this alleged criminality or the alleged
conspiracy but people didn't really
understand what the stakes were and then
Donald Trump decided to have a meeting
with Putin in which he really did seem
to believe Vladimir Putin over our own
intelligence forces or intelligence
agencies decided to really defer and
seemed very weak to Putin and I think he
really demonstrated to people what the
quid pro quo situation is here he's
acted guilty in everyone's eyes and I
think if you've seen the polling since
that meeting there's much more support
for Muller I think even Republicans not
a majority but a pretty good minority of
Republicans think there's something
really weird going on and I think this
has dramatically shifted ironically
enough by Donald Trump's own perform
well you're making a really important
point that I'd like you to build on
Neera which is the problem with
conspiracy theories is they require
commitment contra the evidence so over
time even when discredited they look
more and more ridiculous but even for
people who are inclined to
the Trump administration the benefit of
the doubt for whatever reason procedural
due process fairness which of course is
a fun and sexy word to use on the news
or because they love Donald Trump even
if you're inclined to give the benefit
of the doubt and say well that was 2016
it was a crazy campaign they were
inexperienced yada yada yada when were
2018 and he's not so inexperienced and
he has the full benefit of the national
security apparatus and he continues to
go in in a in person public forum with
the President of Russia who's known to
be a killer who's known to have human
rights abuses who has been indicted
literally now by the Justice Department
and continue to go take that side over
the u.s. how does one look at this and
say oh it's a conspiracy theory there's
no support for it it seems to be going
on actively before our eyes absolutely
and let's let's just point out if Donald
Trump did act improperly with the
Russians
obviously Vladimir Putin who would know
that and the weird thing about this
whole situation is Trump behaves that
way he behaves as if the Russians have
information on him I mean every
political adviser in the world would say
go have a meeting with them and act
tough with Putin defend America defend
America's interests he attacks all our
allies and yet cowards almost almost
cowers in front of Putin and I think to
to an active you know Americans like
living their lives that behavior was
inexplicable except for the notion that
Putin has something on him or there is
something to this story I mean he really
did prove in a sense give evidence in
people's minds to believing the whole
array of illegal acts in front of us
right well listening to you I feel more
informed but I don't feel better
nothing part of this another thing
nothing is part of this is gonna make
you feel better
informational but not cathartic hey I'm
Ari Melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
