welcome back more than 14 months into
the Special Counsel investigation
President Trump has decided to go
aggressively after Robert Muller for
what he says are conflicts of interest
the president tweeted yesterday is
Robert Muller ever going to release his
conflicts of interest with respect to
President Trump
including the fact that we had a very
nasty and contentious business
relationship I turned him down to head
the FBI one day before appointment as SC
as in Special Counsel and Comey is his
close friend president Trump's attorney
Rudy Giuliani was asked to clarify that
tweet this morning here is what he had
to say he's wearing referring to a
dispute which I imagine more I imagine
he disclosed it to Rosenstock when he
appointed him because it would involve
something yeah she wasn't settled even
to this day I can't tell you I'm not
sure I know exactly where the
complicated idea what it is it's one
that would have kept me out of the
investigation joining me now is Chuck
Rosenberg former US attorney and senior
FBI official as well as an NBC News
contributor Chuck we don't know this for
sure but it's believed that the the
conflict the president is talking about
is a is a maybe a dispute over over B's
at one of the golf clubs we think what
is Rudy Giuliani trying to do here by by
saying I can't say what it is but it
would keep me out of the investigation
yeah kitty it's odd he says he doesn't
even know what it is he thinks he knows
what it is and it would have kept him
out of the investigation which are all
sort of inconsistent with one another I
can assure you this having worked for
Bob Muller having been on his staff and
having been around that man for quite a
while he thought he had a conflict of
interest he would step aside the
Department of Justice regulations are
incredibly clear and Bob note Bob Muller
knows those regulations inside out this
is just nonsense so say he did feel he
did have a conflict and he didn't flying
it to rod Rosenstein he's still the
special counsel if it was a serious
conflict of interest with Rob Rhodes and
sign allow him to continue to be special
counsel nope sure would not and there
are plenty of ethics officials at the
Department of Justice to whom you can go
to seek guidance so when I was US
Attorney in eastern Virginia if an issue
came up and I thought it might create
a conflict for me there's a whole bunch
of people I can talk to to help think
through the issue and by the way the way
most prosecutors handle this is that if
there's even an appearance of a conflict
of interest they'll step aside so the
fact that Muller has not stepped aside
tells me he knows exactly what he's
doing and B he has no concerns about a
conflict of interest so a Bob Miller was
interviewed for the FBI director the
president interviewed him he did not
choose him is that a conflict of
interest no absolutely not and by the
way I dispute I don't have first-hand
knowledge but I have a pretty darn good
guess I dispute with the president's
recitation of what happened in the Oval
Office remember Bob Muller had been the
director of the FBI for 10 years when
President Obama asked him to do another
two so the man had one of the hardest
jobs in the country for 12 years the
notion that he would be in the Oval
Office begging for another 10-year term
one he when he was in his 70s strikes me
as not credible is it a conflict of
interest if he did work for President
Obama and and President Bush as you just
mentioned not at all no not at all
the mere fact that you work in an
administration doesn't mean that you
have a conflict because you're
investigating an official and another
administration that is not a conflict no
we're in the Department of Justice
regulations is that suggested that that
would be a conflict this is stuff
they're just making up Katie
in order to dirty up Bob Muller that's
all it is he also tweeted this why is
Muller only appointing angry dem some of
whom have worked for crooked Hillary
others including himself have worked for
Obama and why isn't Muller looking at
all the criminal activity and real
Russian collusion on the Democrat side
Podesta dossier he's saying that
everybody who is investigating him or
the people that are investigating him
are angry Democrats they've they've gone
on and they've they've mentioned Peter
struck a number of times Lisa page Peter
struck has testified in front of in
front of the house the president seems
to be indicating that he's running his
FBI when is running when his FBI is a
deep state that is working against him
does everybody in the FBI and the Moller
investigation need to come in and
present what they think of Donald Trump
in order for this investigation to be
fair how they
personally feel about him no absolutely
not look it's perfectly okay for you me
and everybody else in the entire world
to have our personal views and our
personal opinions right we all think
certain things it doesn't mean we share
them with everybody and doesn't mean
that it infects or infest our work in
any way the fact that Mahler has a team
of folks who may have voted who may have
contributed to certain politicians is
completely beside the point as long as
they can put those views aside when they
have to do their work and by the way
Katie when Bob Muller found out what
Pete's truck had been texting he got him
off the team that day pretty darn
quickly because he understands better
than anyone how important two things are
not just that outcomes are fair but that
perceptions of outcomes are fair he has
a very professional team what they do in
their private life how they vote to whom
they donate is their private business
they can put that aside to do their work
Rudy Guiliani has been visible today
let's let's put that mildly we just
talked about it a moment ago before the
commercial break about how he's
contradicting himself on air he's
denying things that so far have not been
alleged a strategy meeting talking about
the Russia transaction unclear what
transaction he's talking about it does
seem that he's trying to muddy the
waters to make this whole investigation
very confusing that this is a PR
strategy rather than a legal strategy do
you think the president is being well
served by Rudy Giuliani well Kenny it
depends on what the president wants if
he wants a PR strategy and not a legal
strategy I guess you could argue that
mr. Giuliani is executing on that to put
it kindly mr. Giuliani makes absolutely
no sense and as you point out it is
absolutely not a legal strategy and by
the way KT collusion is a crime we just
happen to call it something else we call
it conspiracy but it is absolutely a
crime you know you probably won't find
the word bank heist in the criminal code
but bank robbery is a crime too and so
I'm sort of perplexed that it's come
down to synonyms I mean really these are
synonyms and if these folks don't know
that collusion and conspiracy are
synonyms for one another and this is a
legal strategy then they might want to
changing horses in this race let's talk
about how Rudy Giuliani and the
President or Rudy Giuliani mores going
after Michael Cowen saying that he's
liar saying that he can't be trusted
that he's unethical
they're very clearly trying to undermine
Cohen's credibility if Cohan ends up
being somebody who cooperates with
Robert Muller and we don't have any
indication that he is doing that or
someone who cooperates with the SDN why
how does Robert Muller's team turn him
into a credible witness for the
prosecution well first of all
prosecutors and I was one for a long
time don't pick their witnesses
defendants pick their witnesses right I
mean it all sort of comes down to who
did you commit the crime with and who
knows about what you did and so
defendants pick witnesses for the
government the government simply puts
them on the stand and the way you do
this Katie and it's been going on in
every federal courthouse around America
today and we'll next week and next month
is by corroborating your witnesses you
introduce documents emails telephone
calls bank records other witnesses who
can testify to what Michael Kohn knew
saw and heard so while a case could
technically turn on one witness the law
would permit that that's not how
prosecutors work they find as many
different things that they can or as
they can to corroborate Michael Cohen I
am sure if they used him one day as a
witness he will be well corroborated up
down in sideways what does it say to you
that that Rudy Guiliani is going is
attacking him so viciously the way that
he's doing so far well it gets back to
your earlier point I think that this is
a political strategy it's not going to
make a bit of difference in a court of
law
prosecutors know how to handle that it
may make a difference in the court of
public opinion and so if that's what
Rudy Giuliani is trying to do to some
extent he's succeeding because look here
we are talking about it but if you're
talking one day about a trial in front
of 12 men and women in a federal court
it's not going to make a darn bit of
difference so you know it is what it is
Katie it's deeply unfortunate all
witnesses have some baggage by the way
interestingly the government is required
required to turn over any information
that obtains in the course of its
investigation that could impeach or
undermine a witness it must give that to
the defendant and his or her attorneys
and so rudy guiliani isn't doing
anything that the government one day
won't have to do itself we should also
note that Michael Cohen has not been a
charged with any crime the the raid into
his offices at home was in April he has
not been charged with any crime it is
mid July right now that's right
Rosenberg thank you very much thank you
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more meat to
press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mind
set right here for you on YouTube
subscribe now
