new allegations from the US Attorney's
Office alleging Natalie Mayflower Sowers
Edwards an employee at the US Treasurys
Financial Crimes enforcement network
leaked suspicious activity reports known
as SARS about Paul Manafort Rick gates
the Russian embassy Maria Bettina
remember her the Russian agent accused
of infiltrating organizations with
influence in American politics and
prevas on Alexander's subsidiary of
private Holdings owned by a Russian
Israeli businessman the FBI assistant
director in charge said the information
on manna Ford and others was leaked to
the media and the time of Edwards's
arrest she was in possession of a flash
drive containing information
specifically in question there's a lot
to go through joining us now is NBC News
investigations reporter Tom winter all
right Tom what do we know about these
charges and from from our perspective
they sound pretty serious yeah so the
most she could face up to five years for
each of the charges that she's been hit
with today yeah that would be serious
and and of course anytime that you have
a secret information so these suspicious
activities reports these czars are
actually generated by banks they're not
generated by the Treasury Department and
then from there that information is
transmitted to the financial crimes
enforcement network which is what you're
referring to before but it's all covered
by the Bank Secrecy Act so this
information is never supposed to be
disclosed to the public and what this
person is charged with today is
disclosing this information and based
upon the court documents that we have
the criminal complaint that was filed by
the FBI all the all the stories that
they referenced that were linked to the
documents that she provided all were
published by BuzzFeed which NBC
Universal has invested in our parent
companies so all that they were
essentially able to trace the disclosure
of this information directly to articles
that later appeared in BuzzFeed all
right also named as having information
leaked about them is that company prevas
on Alexander who are they okay so this
was a case that goes back several years
now in this had to involve money coming
into the United States it was money that
was received illegally so it was a money
laundering allegation that was brought
here in the US the the same prosecuting
office the the US Attorney's Office for
the Southern District of New York
brought a case and they were able to
recoup certain amount of funds that were
that will run through New York City real
estate essentially and so there was an
article that was published two days ago
that appears to be based off of
information that according to these
charging documents that was provided by
Edwards to BuzzFeed in that information
came out literally two days ago and it
was about money that flowed through TD
Bank here in New York so this is a case
that's been going on for some time I've
been told and obviously led to an arrest
today she's gonna appear in court here
within within the next hour so all right
Wilkie you stay on it thanks Tom sure
some winter hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
