Iowa stunned Democrats in 2016
losing the state by a larger margin than
in Texas but small leads in three major
races are giving Democrats some hope
with a few hints on the party's way back
in 2020 NBC news political correspondent
Vaughn Hilliard reports Trump loving
Governor Kim Reynolds rallying with the
man who painted Iowa red in 2016
Trump won here by almost 10 points but
Republicans are now the ones on the run
Reynolds in to members of Congress
trailing in polls a contrast from the
Iowa inside the rally in the Iowa
outside totally undecided did you vote
for Donald in 2016 oh hell yeah
our Midwest voters flipping back who are
you gonna vote for governor hobble
businessman Fred Hubbell is the
Democratic nominee for governor a
seventh-generation I win with a low-key
demeanor that is the opposite of trumps
why is this race close people are
getting very frustrated and want change
particularly the ways to health care and
education they're not getting it from
this governor you voted for a Republican
for president in 2016 I did now would
you be willing to vote for a Democrat
for governor in 2018
absolutely Lani Applebee's hometown of
Newton was devastated 11 years ago when
Maytag closed its factory connecting
with Trump's message all of a sudden you
lose 4,000 jobs many of you folks worked
for Maytag Obama had won by 7 points
here
Trump won it by 18 I don't know what
this county is confusing at best is what
is all I can say long time voted
Democrat yes so between Tim Reynolds and
Fred Hubbell I lean towards Hubbell but
November's aways away education in
health care are driving Tara Newton a
suburban mom who voted independent in
2016 but now this time here in November
you are gonna vote for one of the
parties I am this time now Fred Hubbell
yes the Democrat yeah I think that he's
a little bit more in tune with what
people want the connection Democrats
need to make bond Hilliard Newton Iowa
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
