hey Malcolm our friend Clint is
absolutely right it was two years ago
today in response to a question from
Kate eater who just anchored the hour
before us we'll take a look at what the
president said then we'll talk about it
on the other side Russia if you're
listening I hope you're able to find the
30,000 emails that are missing I think
you will probably be rewarded mightily
by our pres Malcolm we were all around
back then and in in the media I think
it's fair to say it was kind of passed
off it was laughed off how do you think
history will end up judging that moment
in the Trump campaign well happy Russia
if you're listening day and I think that
it will resonate throughout history just
like that to be honest just 24 almost 36
hours before on this network we made the
first warning that this was a Russian
attack on the United States and on the
electorate and I know by that that
morning we were taking it pretty
seriously on air but I don't think
people understand the capacity of these
foreign actors in this case Russia in
creating not just a social media storm
where the media just took off after it
but also creating the meta-narrative
around the entire election that Hillary
Clinton's emails were bad and they just
played on our own investigations in
Congress and our own freedom of speech
weaponized it and then used it against
us and that's why we have a situation
where we have a President of the United
States now may in fact be beholden to a
foreign power like Glenn said hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
