for more I'm John by Tomica Oh yang vice
president for the national security
program at the Third Way and Kendall any
night security and intelligence reporter
for NBC News there's something
off-putting about the fact of our
president being so willing to accept the
beckoning call the sirens song or
whatever of addameer Putin he says come
on over and Trump says well I could come
over there but isn't he still pending an
invitation from this president isn't he
still supposed to say yes I come to
watch them first before he starts going
off and inviting him over there there's
no sense of respect from that little guy
to that American president from what I
can see Jen Chris again he gets away
with it
yeah Democrats use words like submissive
and sub mine to describe Trump's
approach to Putin but look leaving all
that aside Vladimir Putin seized Crimea
in violation of international law the
last time that happened Saddam Hussein
seized Kuwait the international
community went to war to oust him now
obviously we can't go to war against
Russia but this is hanging over the
relationship or should be secondly
donald trump has been briefed on
detailed intelligence showing that
vladimir putin supervised the election
interference operation an attack on our
democracy
he has never called putin out on that
now he's gonna meet with him and have a
you know lovey dovey summit either in
either in washington Roscoe it's neither
seems appropriate I can't imagine either
george w bush or barack obama taking
this course one day what make a start
with putin what's he won why is he want
to be in the embrace or the company of
our president well it's very clear that
when he sits down with the president he
gives him his talking points because
when they stand out there together
afterwards it's Trump who's saying the
Russian talking points he was saying the
Russian description trunk he's scripting
Trump on Montenegro he's scripting Trump
on the relationship with Europe he's
scripting Trump on the US exercises with
NATO it's very disturbing that when the
president stands next to Putin he
doesn't seem to remember what the
American national security priorities
are that's a good point Ken why would an
American president left writers sensor I
don't know where Trump is actually why
would they take this side of the
argument well suppose little Montenegro
which is nowhere near the Russian border
would get into a fight with the Russians
because they wanted to be too aggressive
and therefore that we couldn't exercise
or respond to article 5 which we go to
the rescue of any member of NATO why
would he take a whacko argument that
when Russians would be pushed that
somehow little Don Johnson ager was
threatening us more than Russia is why
would he do this I'm sorry some
rhetorical question
I hope it's working he seems to be
working for the Russians that's why I
got your thoughts you know we don't have
proof of that Chris but I know of no
rational explanation for this course of
foreign policy I mean Trump is a guy
who's willing to get into fights with
Canada right he wants to be tough with
other countries he's getting tough on
trade a lot of his supporters are glad
about that but why why won't he be tough
with Russia it's inexplicable unless you
take into account the theory that he is
somehow in thrall to Vladimir Putin
again no evidence for that that has
surfaced other than the 82 contacts
between the Trump campaign and Russians
many of which are unexplained well
Russia is not a great power I noticed
their meeting in Johannesburg with the
other middle-level powers I bribed the
BRICS there a gas station with an army
that's what they are and I just wonder
why we treat them as eat not any equals
Trump treats them like the other great
superpower well that's about 30 years
out of date right well it seems like
Trump is stuck in the 80s on on a lot of
things including his view of Russia now
remember after Reagan and after the fall
of the Cold War Russia had really
deteriorated as a power yes they have
nuclear arsenal which makes them
formidable and we have to deal with them
but they wouldn't even qualify to be
back in the g8 based on the size of
their economy which Trump is asking them
to do
well can you report it that according to
current and former officials quote 19
months into his presidency there is no
coherent Trump administration strategy
to combat foreigner election
interference and no single person or
agency in charge well today President
Trump convened a meeting of the National
Security Council devoted to election
meddling well late today the White House
released a statement on the meeting
writing the president's made it clear
that his administration will not
tolerate foreign interference in our
elections well he does he was doing it
he was creating he won't even admit it
happen your thoughts yeah and Chris the
statement also said that as soon as he
took office he put in motion a strategy
to combat for an election interference
I've talked to a lot of current and
former officials I can't find any
one who's ever seen this strategy or
knows what it says but I've talked a lot
of people who are pretty sure it doesn't
exist and as you said we reported today
that even his own cabinet officials I've
been saying in Aspen and other places
that look you know they're trying to do
some things that they can do DHS the FBI
to combat for an election interference
but they really need a
whole-of-government strategy some
presidential leadership that would unite
the government because some of these
problems are really hard Chris you know
a Russian interference on Twitter and
Facebook that's their First Amendment
issues there the government is not well
equipped to tackle that problem the only
prayer we have of solving it is through
presidential leadership and we're not
seeing any of that from Donald Trump
right now well Trump's meeting with his
national security council today comes
just days after he tweeted he was quote
very concerned that Russia will be
fighting very hard to have an impact on
the upcoming election based on the fact
that no presidents been tougher on
Russia than me that's Trump talking they
will be pushing very hard for the
Democrats but new reporting for The
Daily Beast contradicts that according
to their forensic analysis Russian
hackers right now have targeted whereas
a Missouri Democratic Senator Claire
McCaskill as she began her 2018
reelection campaign in earnest the
report notes that hackers went after
Michael last August at the same time
Trump was publicly targeting her on her
home turf out there Missouri
let's listen we must lower our taxes and
your Senator Claire McCaskill she must
do this for you and if she doesn't do it
for you you have to vote her out of
office
Cermak a scan confirmed The Daily Beast
reported in a statement reading in part
while this attack was not successful it
is outrageous that they think they can
get away with this it's about the
Russians I will not be intimidated I've
said it before and I will say it again
Putin is a thug and a bully so Putin and
Trump are double-teaming Claire
McCaskill it certainly looks like that
that's right and whether or not the
president is aware of what the Russians
are doing it's very coincidental that
when he goes in front of the podium and
says hey Russians can you check into
these missing emails or hey you should
vote out Claire McCaskill that it the
exact
time then the Russians start attacking
the campaign's that he's talking about
well who's the monkey on the string and
who's the guy with the organ grinder hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on youtube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
