it's the best for to Russia Michael
McFaul he's also an MSNBC NM and NBC
News international affairs analyst
ambassador good to see you sir
great to be here I know you yourself
have been in the news over this whole
fall out of this but I want to start
with the the news of today with Putin's
invite yeah there's part of me that
thinks he's trolling America literally
days after the White House has to pull
the advice before Pompeo goes before
kicks yeah you know
then suddenly Putin isn't offended if
and nothing no he says no no come to
Moscow then right what's that about I
say it's very strange you know in one
way he they can control the summit over
there a lot better than weekend here
yeah bet for one thing I couldn't go to
Moscow to be part of the color
commentary so and he can control the
press better they can control those
movements right but I do think it was
just a bit of trolling you know as a way
to signal as he did and I think
sincerely the he thinks President Trump
is good for Russia and good for Russian
interests he wants to keep the lines of
communication open and if it's too hard
to have the summit here moved to Moscow
where he can control a veteran the fact
that they've been so eager to set up a
second meeting right within crazy since
IV you know makes no sense what does
that tell you about the first meeting
that it was a it went I'm trying to
figure out you have to hurry up and have
a second meeting because what things
went great or things were such a
disaster how would you characterize well
for me of course is they it was a
complete disaster
yes that's where I'm treading well well
for Putin it was a fantastic success why
wouldn't you want another one of those
meetings I mean he got everything he
wanted
none of the hard things were brought up
beyond his wildest dreams our president
stood there and said I believe you
because you were strong today and my
intelligence community I'm not so sure
about and then when he rolled out this
cockamamie crazy scheme of interrogating
alleged American criminals of which I
later became known that I was on that
list right the president said it was a
great idea so if you're Putin it's
obvious why you want it why President
Trump wants it I don't understand well
one explanation he may want to do over
does he realize now that what how
disastrous it was do you think maybe
even Mike Potts seeing Mike Pompeo get
battered
yeah but not just Democrats bob Corker
in other other Republicans too maybe so
I mean what was striking to me about
that press conference Chuck with
something you and I've talked about for
many many times there's a policy by the
Trump administration towards Russia
and I think it's pretty good I actually
agree with most of it and in some ways I
think you have said you have said they
have done things you wish the Obama no
lethal assistant at Ukraine I applaud
them for that but when it comes to the
president he doesn't agree with the
policy and you saw that yesterday when
he kept saying well our policy on Crimea
is is our policy on this our policy on
protecting people like me is this the
president doesn't seem to agree with the
policy you're here in Washington it's
hard not to assume it doesn't have to do
with this issue that you're personally
dealing with you of Washington Post
op-ed this morning talking about this
because what apparently Putin wants it's
like in exchange for the indited
intelligence folks who committed the
crime here in the United States and he
would let Muller interrogate them if
they get to interrogate you they'll
Browder the McGinn ski act and this is
where a lot of people go McKenzie a call
this and you know they started Putin's
anger at you and this bill Browder
character explain it well they're
different angers and I want to make that
clear bill Browder was a successful
investor in Russia in the 90s later lost
some property was stolen from him he
hired a lawyer Sergei Magnitsky to
protect him and under false charges he
was arrested and then died in pretrial
detention
mm-hm and to right that wrong bill
Browder has pushed first in our country
something called the Magnitsky Act to
sanctioned human rights violators
President Obama signed into law in 2012
and now he's going around the world
trying to get other countries to adopt
that so really striking he's going after
that guy that is going after the
motivation this yes what's his what's
his why are you on this list and these
other the other folks on this list
it's a strange list some are related to
Magnitsky some are related to other
things I seem like I was just kind of
thrown in because I know Putin doesn't
like me right I wrote a whole book about
it to try to describe and explain to
people their nasty ways at
disinformation and harassment by the way
Chuck I thought when I left Russia they
then put me on the sanctions
that was four years ago that I was done
and here they came back at me but I want
to be clear about it I think American
government gotta protect you well it's
great what they said and now have said
and finally got right about not allowing
us to be interrogated that is not going
to happen what the next step is however
is scary they could put an indictment on
me they weren't dating the Russian
Russian government and then go through
Interpol and request my arrest and so
when I show up in a third country I
could be detained and that part needs to
be pushed back on to I think you feel
comfortable leaving the country right
now well some countries yes other
countries no I mean meaning if it were
Canada UK some one of our closest sort
of the ones that yeah that would
basically worry about America before in
Nepal so I'm not gonna tell you my
travel schedule no no I would ever
watching but I'll tell you one thing I
was I was invited and was planning to go
to Belarus in October yeah I'm not going
and that's a country that I just don't
feel comfortable with now I as I said on
my piece today I think it's a really low
probability event that I could be
arrested given Who I am you're on
television nothing for your safety on TV
well and I did nothing wrong I want to
be clear about that even what they said
I did was what I did working at the
White House I was a US government
official but it's not a zero probability
event and I'll want to make it a zero
probability event and that's where I
need the help of the Trump
administration and it makes them look
weak too in the eyes of Putin just so I
don't quite think they understand Putin
yet by not pushing back they look weak I
personally think that Putin thought that
the president was going to push back on
that idea I honestly do he threw it out
there used to see what happened he
expanded he was trying to create
equivalence between those that are
indicted and we Americans he expected
him to push back and he didn't where
have you been surprised at how little
support public supports you've gotten
from this administration well public
support has been outrageously I got a 98
to zero vote in the US Senate
there was a hashtag protaras all
Congress has been good and on the
streets here Chuck I got people coming
up on me shaking my hand former veterans
people everywhere saying we have your
back and I am glad I'm delighted that I
met with the White House the State
Department all that happens is a day and
you ought in the last couple days I and
you know this is not just about me the
United States and government needs to
stand up and to protect all Americans
you get the sense they are going to do
this or that they paid you lip service
you need to go ask them that question
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mind
set right here for you on YouTube
subscribe now
