the second quarter GDP growth is
impressive 4.1 percent now there are
several one-time factors that are
contributing to this but I want to take
a look at what GDP is and why quarterly
figures alone have to be looked at in
context GDP look it's much more
complicated than this I know some of you
are gonna get angry that I put such a
short description gross domestic product
is basically the total value of
everything produced by everybody in
every company in the country it's a big
scorecard of the country's economy now
we have seen high rates like this before
in fact we've seen higher quarterly
growth rates during the Obama
administration quarterly growth reached
four percent or higher four times during
the Obama administration it actually got
above five percent at one point in 2014
but this is the highest since 2014 the
annual GDP growth rate never broke three
percent under President Obama and I tend
to like to look at this one a little
more the last time we saw that kind of
growth was during the Bush
administration three point three percent
back in 2005 right now Federal Reserve
officials forecast GDP to be up by 2.8
percent compared to last year for all of
2018 then to tail off to two point four
percent in 2019 and two percent in 2020
now I have seen numbers that are higher
estimates for this year than 2.8 percent
I'm gonna call it 3 for argument's sake
but that's probably a number that you
should be thinking about now the boost
in recent months the one that we just
got today was fed in part by spending
from consumers and businesses and a rush
from farmers getting their soybean
exports for instance into the global
market ahead of new tariffs so for those
of you out there asking if the four
point one percent rate can sustain
itself through the rest of the year that
is an open question joining me now from
the White House is Kevin Hassett he is
the chairman of the President's Council
of Economic Advisers and he is a good
friend of mine and they couldn't serve
enough but I also know liberal
economists and Jared Bernstein who is I
know a friend of yours as well liberal
economist is standing by I'm gonna talk
to him afterwards but the danger for you
Kevin is that you have somebody smarter
than me listening into this conversation
you could normally walk around Jared
there let me ask you this back the
reason Jared's significant in this
conversation is back during the Obama
administration they would trumpet
reports on job creation or the effect of
the stimulus and I would do to them
exactly what I'm doing to you I would
question them I would say that perhaps
they are rosier than they think and
Jared like you has invited me to the
White House to examine the books and to
and to make your case now in this
particular case four point one percent
is solid growth but as I noted some of
it was fueled by farmers getting rid of
soybeans there isn't some crazy
increased demand for soybeans around the
world
so do you look at four point one percent
and think that is sustainable or should
we talk about two point eight three
percent well I think you're right to get
a little bit anxious about focusing not
only one number and and I got to also
add that jared has over the years taken
a lot of guff from conservatives about
the first forecast that he and Christy
Romer did about what the economy would
be if we passed the stimulus and you
know I think that a lot of that
criticism was really unfair because they
had to close as I did with the economic
report of the president closed the
forecast before they got a whole bunch
of really bad data and so that there you
know for sure would they would have
changed their numbers that they had the
data available when their forecasts came
out and since they didn't they looked a
lot worse than really they were it I
think that's unfair and so so for me
though thinking about just what I'm
doing right now here at the White House
that when I took the job the president
basically said Kevin you know don't
spend the American people pick the
models that you think are best for
modeling things and then go out there
and believe that what you're saying is
true about what it's gonna do to the
economy and you know that that's what
I've been doing all the way back to the
fall and last fall you know I said on
the show that if we pass the tax cut
that our forecasts would be come true
which is that we'd have growth this year
of 3.1 percent not ridiculous growth not
above four like we saw today but three
point one if he averages the two numbers
like the first half of the year it's
three point one so I think totally field
is still a good it's a good guess you
know per forecast which is 2.8 because
these numbers are stronger so maybe
it'll be 3 maybe it'll be 3.1 but I
guess the concern I have is how to make
this make sense for the American people
because when the president ran for
office you weren't involved at the time
when the president ran for office here's
what he said we're bringing it from one
percent up to four percent and I
actually think we can go higher than
four percent I think you can go to five
or six percent right that's my problem
cuz we're not actually talking about
annual GDP growth of four five or six
percent at all that's that you and I
have had this conversation I think I
once promised to wear a dress for a week
if certain predictions came true and
I've said that I will grow an afro if we
get to four or five and six percent that
would be fun it would be but it would be
fun to have four or five or six percent
right that's not really a reasonable
expectation well no I think that you
could have a quarter like that and and
let's go back to today's numbers that
there are a lot of signs of serious
momentum in the data first
the capital spending boom is continuing
but second a reduction in inventories
took about a percent off of the GDP
number and so if we had normal
inventories than it would have actually
been a five percent number like the
president said and as you know if you
like have firms running down their
inventories in one quarter then that's
pretty optimistic for the second half of
the year and so I think that you know
having 38.1 over the first half of the
year and having the second quarter be
above four with sort of minus one
percent from inventories means that the
CEA is still really really comfortable
that three point one is a very
conservative estimate for the year as a
whole CEA is your group that the Council
of Economic Advisers the president
interestingly has chimed in in the last
couple of weeks about interest rates
apparently warning the Fed to to be
careful about the increase in interest
regret and interest rates you
comfortable with the president chiming
in on that sort of thing you know
absolutely a hundred percent respect the
independence of the Fed and I have all
the regard in the world for Jay Powell
and our other nominees to the Fed and
the President does too you know I think
that the independence absolutely a
hundred percent has to be respected
religiously but it doesn't mean that you
can't provide your own analysis of the
public sphere you know a few months ago
I got criticized because I was on stage
and I said something which I believe my
whole life which is I'm not really sure
there is a Nehru a natural rate of
unemployment if you have a natural rate
of something and it changes all the time
and how natural is that right but after
I said that on stage then then Blum
I think it was ran a story that I'm
attacking the fed and I think that that
kind of conversation of course should be
permitted so that we could you know say
hey here here's how I'm seeing it but in
the end they have to make the call they
have to vote on interest rates than they
need to do it without political
influence I have often said I've said it
to you I've said it to Jared Bernstein
that the president gets too much credit
and too much blame in some case any
president for for jobs and some times
for economic growth but the president
and he gets he deserves credit where
credit is due but if this slowdown gets
triggered by a trade war does the
president have to take responsibility
for that
the president has said forever and you
and I have talked about it that he wants
better trade deals and if you look at
all the positive movement with the EU
this week then you can see that his
strategy of being tough and having
credible threats and then collegially
inviting people to the table is
definitely working and I think that as
you mentioned the trade deficit dropped
sharply in the second quarter and some
of that was anticipate Ori as you
mentioned soybeans of the light but it's
also I think partly that either we were
open again for business we've become a
really attractive tax climate and maybe
people are a little worried about you
know what's going to happen to trade
policy in the future and so they're
moving their production home in advance
of something that they might be anxious
about can't argue with the results
though dropped a lot the one result
that's problematic is that wage earners
are not earning more money hourly wages
are not improving and we do have a
little bit of you know we got interest
rates going up we've had all the prices
going up where how do we fix that that's
something that CEA we're working really
hard on and I'm gonna pretty soon I'm
about to go off to Tokyo for a week but
would I come back Ali I'll come on your
show and present some new analysis that
we've been doing to look at how the
stampede of workers back into the labor
force has increased the pool of
low-skilled workers and that has lowered
the average wage even while there's wage
growth that's starting to really pick up
for people who are like we're in before
and are in now and one of the ways you
can see income go look at the GDP
released today and you do all these
really awesome explainers and look at
what happened to gross domestic income
because income was really really revised
up over the last few years so much so
that the savings rate just about doubled
that's how much income they found and so
a lot of the disappointing income
statistics and the GDP releases Atlee
are starting to be fixed because they're
finding income that they had mismeasured
before and i think that if you account
for compositional changes and then also
account for the these new data that
we're finding that shows skyrocketing
incomes that the story is gonna be a lot
better but final final thought in the
end the wage growth from capital
spending is something that's a
medium-term phenomena something you
should see over three to five years as
I've reiterated all the way back to the
fall ok optimistic but thank you for all
your stuff good to see you Eminem Dylan
all right joining me now has promised
Jared Bernstein senior fellow at the
Center on Budget and Policy Priorities
and former chief economist to Vice
President Joe Biden and I should say
that I first got to know Jared because
we had an argument about my
characterization of things that you and
the Obama administration were saying and
you invited me to sit and discuss that
with you at the White House so just so
viewers understand I'm an
equal-opportunity critic of
administration's providing rosy
narratives about the economy help us
understand what we're looking at when we
get this 4.1% vigor the president argues
that as did Kevin that tax cutting and
regulation cutting is delivering results
do you agree I don't agree with that
last part
if you actually look into the guts of
the report you don't see much from the
tax cuts in the sense that I think Kevin
was trying to stress this idea that it's
really increasing the investment or the
economy's capital that it will use to
generate more growth there's a little
bit of that but that's not the big story
I think where the tax cut and some of
the other deficit spending is helping is
more in a Keynesian stimulus sense it's
juicing GDP growth this quarter probably
this year and next year as well and then
unless Congress puts more fiscal
stimulus on the credit card it will
probably fade and I think you showed
some of those numbers the idea that GDP
is going to sustain a four or even a
three percent growth rate is probably a
much too optimistic I think the
underlying trend right now and that's
really important to try to pull out the
trend is about two-and-a-half percent
and that's a good steady GDP growth rate
I also don't think there's anything in
this report that would lead you to get
worried about overheating that the Fed
would have to react to
I do think the one problem and you and
Kevin talked about and I again I
disagreed with this part of Kevin's rap
what was the wage part I don't think
you're going to make that the real wage
stagnation go away by kind of you know
looking at the workers who are entering
the workforce and their different
qualities yeah this is this is
fundamentally all of this economic
mumbo-jumbo that you and I enjoy and
Kevin enjoys what it comes down to and
what I'm gonna get tweets about is I
haven't had the raise I'm working two
jobs it's a weird situation to be in
where we have 4% unemployment we have a
four in front of GDP growth quarterly
GDP growth and yet we've got this
intractable problem of workers who are
not seeing what they look at in the
stock market what they look at in GDP
growth what they like how do we fix that
well there's a word for that and it's
called economic inequality and it
certainly predated in Kevin Hassett and
and the Donald Trump administration this
has been a structural problem in our
economy and you ask how we fix it that's
exactly the right question it has to do
with the bargaining power of middle and
low wage workers that's a long term
erosion it has to do with with
diminishing union power it has to do
more recently with court decisions that
really tilt against workers and their
ability to claim their fair share of the
growth it has to do with the increased
power of Finance I think it does have to
do with the fact that we've run large
trade deficits for many many years and
that's hurt our manufacturers so there's
a lot of economic policy architecture
that's eroded the the the connection
between GDP growth and middle-class
paychecks which is also what you can say
about the stock market right people used
to think of the stock market's up the
way it's been just a quick comment here
and I think that what's so key about
this is to understand GDP growth in
context we like that four percent number
even if it's just a blip and not that
sustainable we even like the 2.5 percent
trend growth rate but let's not over
interpret GDP to be more than it is it
leaves out a lot including who's getting
the benefits like that growth hey MSNBC
fans thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
