join us now investigative reporter for
The Washington Post and an MSNBC
contributor David Ferran fold also with
it's MSNBC chief legal correspondent
host of the beat on MSNBC and the only
man who can forge a friendship between
Bill Kristol and Fat Joe and he did it
there it is right there
beautiful beautiful moment I don't know
how much how much time you spend in the
nightclub Willie but we're calling him
Bill Kristol
that's genius does he have any idea with
that bad or so bad meaning bad or bad
meaning good know he knows what it means
excellent and thrilled to celebrate the
one-year anniversary of the beat and the
two of them together I've watched them
together offset now that's a real friend
so it's real it's not like a TV
friendship it's a real friendship
Ivanoff citizens off the set no offset
from egos yeah yeah I know you would be
confused by that they were the re-enact
one like this all day and everybody
plays over we'll do it off the set there
were the club the set know this at 2:00
in the morning one oak the two guys that
bottleservice going on it was cray and
crystal don't sell that guy sure that's
all just say all right you want to be
out with him at 100k total morning with
Fat Joe and see what happens it's it's
almost no I don't I will say this in all
in all seriousness a lot of people don't
know when Fat Joe said it's about us
it's about trust he was talking about
the Weekly Standard Wow obvious it's an
amazing thing congratulations on the
one-year no there's no turn killer no
one knows where to go from here no I had
you we're doing we're doing Fat Joe
lyrics we can go on all day all right
David Barrett thought let me get to you
on your reporting on Trump and
emoluments it's a that Clause has been
thrown about for a couple of years now
people looking for ways that President
may have violated that what are you
finding in your new reporting well
here's what changed this week so there's
this clause in the Constitution you
mentioned that the emoluments clause it
says that presidents can't take
quote/unquote and monuments from foreign
governments but for 200 years presidents
sort of stayed away from testing that
line and we didn't really know what
emoluments meant now we have an answer
from a federal judge in Maryland and the
answer is
emoluments in his definition means
almost any business transaction Trump
does with a foreign government not just
sort of bribes or payoffs but foreign
governments paying his business to rent
a ballroom or in a hotel room or
something else well that means that now
there's a huge but at least of the
sizable universe of transactions that
the Trump Organization has done and is
dueling with foreign governments that
may violate the Constitution so we're
just now trying to figure out what that
means and to try to get our hands around
how big is that universe of foreign
government transactions and what have
you found so far you've had your legal
pad out for about three years now
keeping track of all that what have you
found in your reporting well I should
say first of all there's no sort of
official list from a Trump organization
they've given us nothing and so the what
we've done is sort of pieced together
things from media reports so there's
been a few instances where foreign
embassies have hosted big events at the
Trump Hotel in DC so that's the Kuwaiti
embassy the Bahraini embassy Azerbaijan
and recently to the Philippines in
addition a state-run Chinese bank rents
space in Trump Tower that lease is
coming up for renewal soon so that's
also a basically a conduit for Chinese
state money to the Trump Organization
beyond that we're still trying to figure
it out so I remember on this point I
mean I there's been so much conversation
about the emoluments clause and a lot of
times people will just dismiss it as
saying okay this is basically a legal
pipe dream it's never been defined in
the modern era it's never been used
does this fundamentally change that this
doesn't fundamentally change that but it
is courts getting back in the business
of overseeing things that Donald Trump
is doing and look any other president
could have done this I mean many
presidents have been lawyers they could
have operated a law firm wall in office
they could have technically done that
but then if they took on foreign clients
they would also have run into this the
difference is no other president has
pushed this hard to try to profit wall
in office so it's unlikely to be the
kind of thing that has a you know
systemic or existential threat to the
Trump presidency but it is important
that judges are saying very clearly we
will if force by president acting so
brazenly to profit while in office we
will oversee this to some degree hey
gene Robinson I want to ask you a
political question about this you've got
a situation here where a lot of people
have pointed to the notion that a
potentially salient political argument
against the Republicans and Donald Trump
is that the swamp was supposed to be
drained
not been drained the swamps sloppier
than ever this emoluments question seems
to me of a piece with that and yet it
seemed to get very little traction over
the most last eighteen months why is it
that donald trump's obvious abuse of of
the office in violation of the
amendments clause or at least the
apparent violation of it
why is this not more politically getting
more political traction why hasn't it
gotten more political traction and might
it in the future I think it might in the
future why it hasn't to this point I'm
not entirely sure it could be because
we've never had we've never been here
before I mean we this federal judge in
Maryland just for the first time I told
us what he thinks the emoluments Clause
really means so so nobody has in
politics I think has any muscle memory
as to how to use that clause in the in
the Constitution and and really how it
applies to Donald Trump we don't know
but but we're gonna find out I would
think that on its face the whole thing
is scandalous look at the way he
promotes his his Golf properties for
example and when he was in in Britain he
went to Scotland for the weekend had no
official business there and want to play
golf a gift that also wanted to raise
the profile of his faltering Golf Club
up there so you know this this should be
a huge scandal it really isn't and if I
sound a bit detracted I'm still just
picturing Bill Kristol and fat y'all in
a stretch navigator sort of cruising you
know the the streets of lower Manhattan
I just think that we need to change the
chyron for the absolute all absolutely
well I'm gonna try to bring it back a
little bit here because I don't have
anything to say about Bill Kristol one
of the things that that worked for
Democrats in 2006 when they retook the
house was they said the Republican Party
is the party of corruption that was
their mantra they hit it card time time
and time again it was an effective tool
I think that
when we're talking about these foreign
government payments we're talking and
literally any business that's happening
at the Trump Hotel you can effectively
make that argument and I guess this is a
good question for Michael still because
he's been in the trenches you certainly
have seen what type of arguments
Democrats could make how potent he is
that case that in fact Trump is using
his position to enrich himself how pone
a political weapon is that the Democrats
can use I don't think is that that
potent at this point largely because
roughly a strong solid third of the
electorate doesn't give a damn they
won't care and so it has not been able
to to really get the kind of traction
that you would think I think in largely
because the the remaining two-thirds are
rather agnostic about it I think to the
earlier point about being there Jean
made being in this space for the first
time we really don't know I mean most
people can't say oh ma you must let
alone understand what it is so I think
that that is that is the the truth
across all lines it's it's not something
that is just you know out there that
people have some understandings as Jean
said some muscle memory for this is new
space and until there is a defining
moment in that space that crystallizes
or kristallsss for we're gonna see this
on a day to day basis and it won't
really register at this point David I
want to pick up where Sam was I actually
was at the DNC yesterday with Tom Perez
and and all his folks about trying to
help them with messaging and the way you
kind of can mold out of Mali min spent
obviously it's just there is a lot of
polling showing that voters Democrats
independents want Fair Play and it's
just it's an overall thing it's an
overall kind of justice in the system so
without pointing at Trump and saying
that's the bad guy that there is this
overall kind of sense of things are just
if you kind of play it that way that
it's things are just not fair right now
and that's a very resonant message well
I think your
that there there's certainly a
possibility there and I think there
could be sort of a distinction between
the messes that Trump is getting rich
off the presidency or Trump is
advertising his golf clubs that's one
thing that I think Michael is right that
the public seems not to care that much
about this is a slightly different issue
because we're talking about a guy who
has power over America's foreign policy
doing business with the other players in
the world of foreign policy and so the
the question there could be is he
serving his own interests or is he
serving your interests when he deals
with the government of the Philippines
or China other countries that actually
are paying in money kind of on the side
David that's exactly the message that
resonated say is is he working for
himself or is he working for you and
that's the kind of simplified message
that we haven't used it I mean you look
at any agent they've run they haven't
used that message maybe it's because
it's too in the weeds maybe because
there's many many other that's
existential issues it's one of the
craziest things in the world okay if you
go back he still we remember this really
well in the 2012 presidential campaign
one of the things that Barack Obama's
team did admit Romney was to frame him
with the notion of he's never been in it
for you
and the notion of Romney is self-dealing
self-centered billionaire profiteering
ripping off the American public it was
an incredibly salient political message
in a presidential campaign and Donald
Trump makes what Mitt Romney did or
could be accused of doing look like
small potatoes on the level of self
dealing he self-enrichment wide scant
capitalize on this given the history
that they've had and do we get
successful in the past is mystifying to
me I can I can I just jump on that point
John real quick I think part of it is
because of exactly what you just said
with Mitt Romney he was aloof and away
from the those very same people who then
made a judgement about that here people
see Donald Trump is fighting for them so
his rich guy connections his New York
background all of that they consider an
asset in the war against those they felt
they needed to go out against and Donald
Trump has been the tip of that
particular Spears that's why it doesn't
resonate or stick on him the way it did
Mitt Romney all right David Farenthold
and the most famous legal pad in all of
journalists thanks for your reporting we
appreciate it Ari
let's talk about the Cohen revelation
from dorm last night
what should we glean from it what should
we take away from it where did
it came from this is very big I don't
know where it came from the sourcing
remains technically anonymous but it
raises the question number one was
Donald Trump working with advanced
knowledge to be part of an international
conspiracy number one number two is this
why he made the airforce one phone call
because the Trump defense never made
sense why do you to advise people how to
defend a meeting that you say you knew
nothing about and didn't attend and then
three did anyone along the way lie to
authorities about this Muller has proven
he is willing to charge people just for
that and so if somebody was basically
lying about who knew it who was in the
room where it happened to quote Hamilton
Michael Cohen is putting himself in
Donald Trump in that room and so the
question is and Lawrence was referring
to this earlier morning Jo did other
people already lie about that and is
this coming out publicly because it is a
time for choosing or have other people
already talked about Muller and not lied
about it and not like what actually who
else was in that room right important
follow-up did jay-z ever lift the
boycott on Cristal we bring up remember
in like two thousand five or six and no
more Cristal has that been lifted and
now it's okay to call Bill Kristol Bill
Kristol well you raise an important
point actually because there was a whole
discussion around whether these
executives from these companies were
dissuading rappers from voting them on
44 the the most recent solo jay-z album
he refers to the fact that he's
frustrated that people are still buying
those other competing champagne labels
when he's launched his own black owned
business but she realized that the
entire time he was never talking about
Cristal he was talking about a boycott
of Bill Kristol Bill Kristol
yeah well that's one of the great great
confusions about all people sued that
from the very beginning it would make
all this of course huh to Michael Steele
I want to say thank you for that for
that reference earlier and I will say it
was Lloyd Banks who famously said the
ice on my neck keeps the Cristal cold
also a Bill Kristol reference that's
just now being a fantastic re Melbourne
no this on the beat weekdays at 6 p.m.
Eastern thanks Ari see you Gene Robinson
thank you as always will of course be
reading your new column in The
Washington Post and Michael Steele
former mi6 agent Michaels say
what's going on according to Shawn's
bicycle is there a tape yes or no
Michael is there tape don't answer don't
answer always at a cycle thank you very
much have a good weekend much more on
the Michael Kohn story just ahead plus
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
