now turning to something a little
different our special report tonight on
an ancient challenge you could call it
humanity versus nature this story
involves a man versus nature
specifically this man President Trump
versus some special animals species that
face the risk of extinction take the
bald eagle whose population in the u.s.
rebounded after 29 years on the
endangered species list
Trump famously tousled with one at a
photo shoot
our focus tonight snot on re-airing that
memorable footage we could do that
anything but Eagles are actually back in
the news because the Trump
administration is willing to undercut a
significant environmental law that
protects them and other endangered
species Trump's staff trying to make it
easier to boot some species off the
protected list and give financial
concerns greater weight than saving
animals which would give mining
companies more power in these fights
this is the corporate agenda the Trump
administration is pursuing often without
much scrutiny while his administration
veers from crisis to tweet this is also
an agenda that Trump campaigned on he
said he was more worried about
destroying businesses than destroying
the environment environmental protection
what they do is a disgrace every week
they come out with new regulations that
make it that's gonna protect the
environment they will be fine with the
environment we can leave a little bit
but you can't destroy businesses and
while these changes are not immediate
they're coming down the pike Trump
giving less than 60 days for comments
from the public on these changes
Congress working to overhaul the law
before the midterms now Republicans put
a big critic of the EPA in charge of the
Natural Resources Committee his name's
Rob Bishop and he said that of all the
laws ever pass which include hits like
the fact that it's a crime to injure a
government-owned lamp it's illegal to
sell ham Turkey it has to be called
turkey ham or say alcohol prohibition
there's been many laws out there but
here's what he says is the most
inefficient law ever the Endangered
Species Act quite frankly is the most
ineffective and inefficient piece of
legislation that we have in the history
of this country it doesn't work it does
not meet its goals it never has and it
never will if you look at its goals the
National Wildlife Federation reports
more than a hundred species have
actually been saved under the law the
whole debate sounds familiar it is when
lawmakers last decided to deal with this
environmentalists and fact checkers
noted
the law benefits many animals and
preservation it's saved from extinction
America's symbol it rescued from hunters
Florida's wildness and it restored to
the west coast ocean majesty in fact a
report card shows while the peregrine
falcon leads the list of 149 species
better off today so contrast the
Republicans today to Teddy Roosevelt who
famously said were heirs to the most
glorious heritage of people ever
received and each one must do his part
if we wish to show that the nation is
worthy of its good fortune
Roosevelt kicked it all off and
President Nixon another Republican
enacted the Endangered Species Act in
1973 each of us all across this great
land has a stake in maintaining and
improving environmental quality clean
air and clean water the wise use of our
land the protection of wildlife and
natural beauty these are part of the
birthright of every American to
guarantee that birthright
we must act it turns out clean water
polls pretty well as compared to say
toxic water eighty-three percent of
Americans back the Endangered Species
Act today now back in the old days that
kind of support was actually reflected
in both parties Nixon was signing a law
to protect animals which 95 percent of
the Congress voted for we checked only
four members opposed it today
environmentalism is as popular among
Americans as it roughly was then if not
more what's changes that politicians
mostly in the GOP appear out of step
with this green voting bloc Nixon was
following the footsteps of another
voting bloc a blue one from lyndon b
johnson a democrat who laid the
groundwork with a 1966 law action has
been taken to keep our air pure
and our water safe to protect our
wildlife
no single Congress in my memory has done
so much to keep America as a good and
wholesome and beautiful place to live
this history is not just history it's
the laws that have now saved over 700
animals in America some rebounding so
much they're not considered endangered
anymore that includes as often noted our
own national mascot the bald eagle plus
the humpback whale which is rebounded to
about 20-thousand worldwide or the
Florida manatee so where does this man
versus nature story go right now the
polls show Republicans appear out of
step with the public on some of these
environmental protections just like
Trump was out of step on his border
policy when that was exposed he
partially backed down but it only
occurred because the policy was reported
and understood people have to hear about
government action before they can decide
what they think about it and whether to
oppose it so I can tell you tonight
there are some signs Republicans are
hitting turbulence on this important
debate just this week they remove an
attempt to water down these
environmental protections in an
unrelated defense bill well there's a
long tradition of bipartisan
conservation in American politics it
appears that tradition still popular
with the public the question is whether
the public will find out just what this
administration is up to right now hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
