for more I'm John my author and
political commentator ron reagan michael
steele course former art chairman of the
RNC gentlemen thank you for this I mean
this is gonna be hitting a barn door
with a beach ball and a paddle I don't
know how you get me why if I'll say this
about Barack Obama who I did respect a
lot admired a lot if it had three
marriages he talked about women like
that the president we have now talked
about women in Access hi what if he'd
done anything anytime Trump does
anything he would have been keelhauled
or whatever he wouldn't be there Brian
Regan yes you're right you're absolutely
right no previous president could have
gotten away with you know even even a
tenth of the things the Donald Trump has
but the reason I think is that his base
which is about a third of the electorate
or so they know they really aren't in
touch with reality and the most
important thing to them is I think they
he seems to hate the same people that
they hate and that includes all three of
us by the way if you're angry about
something Donald Trump did Donald Trump
must be doing something right as far as
they're concerned it's really the real
Trump derangement syndrome because
that's not with us it's with them let's
take one small particle of Donald
Trump's mo yeah my Vietnam he told
Howard Stern was avoiding sexually
transmitted diseases during Vietnam was
his I mean is that a campaign pitch who
does that impress yeah I don't know how
many people you will win over with that
but it is a creative argument I guess
look I think I think Ron's got it right
I mean the bottom line is Trump is in
the safe space because he has a base
that is with him regardless and again
don't like the same people he doesn't
like and that safe space includes a
Congress House and Senate that is not
disposed to do anything to disrupt that
flow because they themselves are afraid
of that base so when they're looking at
their congressional districts and
they're seeing seventy to ninety percent
approval for the president they're not
going to get off let me let me change
this run you said he hates what they
hate
your father said the corpus no no okay
you said your father I hate the years
your father but it's a great example he
was a popular successful president he
said the Gorbachev the head of the roots
then Soviet Union trust but verify Trump
says to Putin can I sit on your lap I
mean I'm sorry there's a difference you
know if you think about Trump base and
we're talking about Trump base and
that's really in a way like driving all
this but then lastly space no they do
like Putin if you if you look at the
woman whose popularity has gone way up I
swear to you that if it were left just
up to Donald Trump's base they would
elect Vladimir Putin as president of the
United States over virtually anybody
with a D after their name and I'm not
kidding you well what's their love of
Putin or Trump's love a Putin well I
think it's it goes hand in hand if Trump
seems to love Putin and they'll love
Putin - well how about Kim jong-un that
guy I mean how far can you stretch the
fact if you like Trump you go along with
all of his crap and it is crap and I
don't I don't understand there's
something here we haven't gotten to
how's this guy get to say Simon Says if
he says it then it's true this is has
never been true before III think a real
good reason for that and the answer to
the question goes to the fact that they
still see him as the guy who's fighting
at they're at the core for the things
that they who want to see done they're
pushing back on the people that they
feel have they been wrong buying the
establishment of the party they're
pushing back up they stay with him
because he's putting forward an
additional women there's three guys but
just a little projection here right
here's a guy that we know paid off one
porn star 100 right he's not he's paying
off another one indirectly through the
National Enquirer another 150 or you
know they're trying he's doing it on
tape we're seeing this kind of guy this
sleaze going on engaging in these kind
of extra Mount Affairs and then paying
them off to keep them quiet and he
doesn't pay a price at one point in
their in the polls well ask those 52% of
educated white women who voted for him
in 2016 why they did because that's that
what's exactly what happened so that's
what the American are religion we got a
dispensation
how does he get this dispensation what
question says
you can eat meat on Friday you can but
the bishop who does that the
congregation likes even though that's
not the normal Ron who gave him a
dispensation where he gets to do
anything he wants to and everybody else
is held accountable the husbands of
these women who like him and put up with
him they don't get the dispensation for
this kind of stuff how about honestly
fathers of the teenage girls the teenage
beauty contestants where he bragged on
radio about sneaking into their dressing
rooms in order to see them naked
imagine if Barack Obama had been caught
on tape saying something about that
imagine what Today Show marks
for some reason anyway meanwhile
according to the New York Times Trump's
tax cut we're supposed to be a winning
issue for elected Republicans in 2018
it's pushing the federal deficit to a
trillion dollars run I remember not a
million years ago the Republicans were
for free trade they believe trade was
the benefit of everyone they did have a
sense of fiscal responsibility they did
least talked it this guy doesn't even
talk to talk you don't even do it know
does whatever he wants and they don't
care you know they don't care I mean
listen to some of his speeches at these
rallies this sort of incoherent
gibberish these word salads that just
these stock phrases they're still
shouting lock her up and dad these at
these rallies does it even matter
anymore the hurts No
insert name here yeah well let's see
there's no limit to this you say Ron
this is the news for people with
progressives and independents that
there's nothing that Trump can do he can
shoot somebody on Fifth Avenue literally
well not literally figuratively and
they'll still get worse it is going to
get worse mark my words it will get
worse and worse let's also look at why
that is and that's because right now the
Democrats are not offering a strong
alternative voice to compete against
this now the question who's the leader
of the Democrats and by the way I think
everybody's going out for a second beer
right now have to listen to you 400 hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
