The Times reveals that privately some of
the lawyers have expressed concern that
mr. Marvel stitched together several
episodes and counters and pieces of
evidence like the tweets to build a case
specifically quote the fact that they
are scrutinizing his actions under a
section of the United States Code titled
tampering with a witness victim or an
informant raised concerns for his
lawyers about mr. Trump's exposure in
the investigation
the report also makes clear that the
special counsel still wants to question
the president however as bloomberg
report this week Trump is demanding that
he isn't ask questions about obstruction
of justice under a proposal the
presidency go team submitted the mower
join me right now as Peter Baker chief
White House correspondent for The New
York Times
Democratic congressman Eric swallow of
California he said some the House
Intelligence Committee and Joyce Vance a
former US Attorney
thank you all let's start with Peter
Peter the New York Times report is
fascinating because it points out that
just because you do something in public
doesn't mean it's legal or make you
innocent you can do all sides of people
kill people in public it's still murder
your thoughts well it is it is striking
that you know the things that President
Trump has said on Twitter and said in
public interviews said you know out loud
had they been in secret memos that were
unearthed by subpoenas and revealed by
investigators people would say aha this
is interesting this is evidence perhaps
of a perhaps a conduct or a pattern of
conduct that might be questionable or
even criminal the fact he does is out
loud is kind of desensitized the whole
thing everybody's kind of gotten used to
it that's the way he operates there's
nothing hidden here
he's very out front about what he thinks
about Jeff Sessions he's very out front
about what he thinks about Jim Comey so
it's interesting that barmola is now
taking a look at this and trying to
weave it together and see how it all
fits into a pattern no single tweet no
Swingle statement maybe you know of a
self obstruction but the question is
whether if you've added all up does that
add up to something like witness
tampering or some other impedin of this
investigation choice you're viewing this
the fact that he's done things like
saying demanding what we've all heard
about it so became public demanding the
loyalty of James Comey before he fired
the man and did he go light or LED Mike
Flint as national security director
off-the-hook or he said tell the public
I'm not being targeted here all those
demands we've subsequently learned he
was doing they they could potentially be
while I'm asking you obstruction of
justice Peter is exactly right
Trump doing this in broad daylight has
desensitized the public but that
desensitization won't carry over to Bob
Miller he'll look at Trump's conduct
he'll look at his state of mind and then
within this very specific statutory
framework that exists under law he'll
decide whether there's enough evidence
to prove some form of obstruction and
that's why all of this conduct matters
Chris these tweets are perhaps a window
into Trump's state of mind if they're
tweets that can be attributed to him
personally they run through this course
of conduct from the firing of Jim Comey
to the efforts to humiliate Jeff
Sessions into resigning on through the
false explanation for the Trump Towers
meeting that entire course of conduct so
yes
Muller will definitely try to stitch all
of this together and see if obstruction
emerges at the end this the fact that he
tried to the tweets at door and
apparently reads the paper and then
starts tweeting it it's done so
impulsively and out of apparent passion
does that add to the question of motive
you know I think it does I think what
happens here is you get a sense of his
true state of mind and that's the most
difficult part of an obstruction case
because the government has to prove that
you acted with an intent to keep a
witness from showing up to testify or
with an intent to destroy evidence or
any of the other numbers of types of
conduct that are prohibited so to the
extent you know it's usually the eyes
that are the window to the soul here
with the president it's his tweets
let me get congressman so it seems to me
watching this and we're all been
watching this in plain sight these
tweets which go to everybody he's kinda
sleepy pounding the Attorney General how
come you have recused herself it's
almost like take take charge the case
and get me out of it it just seems like
he's constantly pounding Jeff sessions
to intervene on his behalf
pull back on the investigation and yank
Robert Mueller out of his
seed and there's no Twitter client
privilege in the law so that's not going
to save him and you know I've heard this
before when I was a prosecutor Oh who
would be so stupid to say something you
know that everyone could see well by the
way say yeah Rudy says he must be
innocent of these charges because he did
them openly yeah the prisons aren't
filled with rote scholars they're filled
with people who make a lot of mistakes
yeah that were able to find but right
now I think he feels emboldened because
he doesn't know Road scars are smart but
go ahead he doesn't see anyone in
Congress who was standing up to him and
so I think he feels emboldened to keep
moving forward cuz he knows ultimately
this goes to the Judiciary Committee and
when you look at that land of misfit
toys and the people who are there doing
everything they can to be his fixers in
Congress he thinks well I'm not gonna
pay a penalty because they're just gonna
let me keep doing it they're not gonna
hold me accountable I think that changes
in November because I think the American
people want to check on this president
they see him as a wrecking ball and they
just want to be protected well meanwhile
in the Cohen case the New York Times
here again is reported the audio tape of
the president's conversation with Cohen
shows the president telling his fixer
lawyer that would be Cohen to pay in
cash this sounds Playboy model Karen
McDougal let's listen again to that clip
which was provided to CNN by Cohen
lawyer Lanny Davis I'm all over that
and I spoke to Alan about it when it
comes time for the financing which will
be no no anyway Trump's legal team has
advanced an interpretation I love the
way they talk of what it said on the
tape and the transcript they circulate
as The Times reports in the White House
version that would be the Trump version
as spur as per Rudy Giuliani mr. Trump
told mr. Cohen don't pay in cash and
then says check he can't hear the word
don't by the way but according to The
Times mr. Trump's team manufactured a
dialogue to make it more favorable for
their client repeated screenings of the
tape do not clearly reveal mr. Trump
saying the words don't pay with an
omission that would entirely change the
meaning of his comment let me get back
to Peter Baker of the times Peter you've
guys did a study apparently a due
diligence study of that tape you can't
find the word don't it looks to me like
the transcript they put out with Nick
Sounion
Nixon then what the tapes out Nixon put
out a train
skip now they they have a little
guidebook at the White House do what
Nixon did it seems to me their pattern
Peter it's a lot it's a lot like the
Helsinki thing just a week or so ago but
he said he meant wouldn't rather than
would write and say don't pay in cash or
pay in cash we're these are fairly
important distinction and and and and
the question is you know tape that's not
a hundred percent you know clear but as
we've listened to it again and again we
don't hear the word don't pretty
important distinction we'll see whether
the Special Counsel hears the same way
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
