I've been their biggest defender on the
floor the United States Senate this guy
is a wrecking ball he had this guy
murdered in a consulate and Turkey and
expect me to ignore it I feel used and
abused I was on the floor every time
defending Saudi Arabia because there's a
good allied there's a difference between
a country and an individual the NBS
figure is to me
toxic he can never be a world leader on
the world stage what all right joining
us now from her CIA director John
Brennan he also served as CIA station
chief in Saudi Arabia for three years
and he is currently a senior national
security and intelligence analyst for
NBC News thanks for being on this
morning sir on the President
equivocating and lying on the world
stage about the potential alleged murder
of a journalist why isn't there more
pushback from inside his administration
from the foreign policy community from
the national security community from
perhaps the Secretary of State who is
there why aren't we seeing something
stronger more clearer and more in line
with American values well I think this
has been consistent with other instances
in the past where individuals have been
reluctant to speak out despite the facts
in reality because Donald Trump there's
somebody who does not allow that type of
dissension and takes it very personally
and I do think that Donald Trump and
others right now we're trying to find
out how they can navigate what is I
think a very difficult situation trying
to preserve not just the United States
relationship with Saudi Arabia but their
own personal relationship with Mohammed
Salman so mr. director the apparent
murder of Jamal kesaji took place 15
days ago Turkish officials according to
published reports have shared audio
recordings of what they say happened
surveillance audio in the room when
kesaji was killed with US intelligence
so how much this morning does US
intelligence know about the death of
khashoggi well I think they know a lot
more than we know and I think they've
been getting information from their
Turkish counterparts as well as other
types of intelligence collection
capabilities technical and otherwise and
that's why they are putting together the
picture of what happened
or Donald Trump and others and that's
why it makes it very difficult for Trump
as well as Muhammad Salman - you know
concoct some type of cover story because
I think the intelligence is going to
Pillai it we've anticipated my next
question so in the morning when the
president gets his briefing his us
intelligence sharing everything it knows
about this story with him hopefully they
are and I have confidence that my
colleagues are teeing up at least to the
White House what it is that they know
and their capability to collect
additional information and what the
Saudis and NBS right now are doing and
trying to cover up the story so Mike
when the president goes out and stands
there and says I take the Saudis at
their word they deny it he's doing that
knowing all of what director Brennan has
just told us about what intelligence is
sharing with him yeah and we obviously
don't know what's in the presidential
Daily Brief but I think the director is
absolutely right so let me ask you this
given everything that we know that's on
the public record today because of
reporting it appears that the crown
prince is tripping right up to the wire
of accessory to murder given that given
what we know and given your knowledge of
the kingdom what are they doing to try
and save or how much effort are they
putting into trying to save the crown
prince in concocting a cover story
well Mohammed Salman as crown prince
really has a monopoly on power in Saudi
Arabia including in the royal family and
over the years a number of those
powerful princes have either died or he
has sidelined and neutralized and so
people are now reporting to him and I'm
sure that he is working with them to try
to find out how that they can protect
themselves and most importantly for him
how he can protect himself from being
implicated in this King Salman if he
were in his younger years I think he
would have gotten to the bottom of this
and he wouldn't care even if was his
favorite son that did something like
this I think he would hold him to
account but I don't see who is the
independent voice now within the royal
family that has the strength and the
political fortitude to be able to
challenge the the crown prince honest
but isn't the assumption built into what
you just said that that people in the
royal family would object to what
happened in in Istanbul I mean
this is we're not again I make this
point over and over again we're not
talking about Sweden here this is a
country a royal family because of course
Saudi Arabia is a wholly owned family
business this is a family that uses
beheading and crucifixion as forms of
the death penalty this is an absolute
monarchy there's no freedom they use
violence to advance their goals in all
kinds of ways how how different is this
from the usual order of business in
Saudi Arabia that this family has
conducted over the years I think this is
very different and yes things happened
in the past where the Saudis would
engage in these types of horrific and
extrajudicial acts that they would carry
out you know they carry out the Islamic
law and so executions and it's all
according to the law but this goes well
beyond anything that I have seen in my
history of working in and with the
Saudis and it wouldn't have happened
before Mohammed Salman had assumed the
crown prince position he is the
day-to-day decision-maker in Saudi
Arabia my counterpart when I was there
Mohammed Nayef we were working very
closely with the Saudi intelligence
services trying to professionalize them
trying to make sure that they did adhere
to what the requirements are for
intelligence the security officials
I think Mohammed Salman has thrown that
book out the door because he is doing
everything he can to continue to
consolidate his position and to prevent
any type of criticism and opposition
from gaining traction that might be
threatening to him you've said that the
Saudis are gonna have to choose between
their relationship with the US and
Mohammed bin Salman but it sounds to me
like you're not sure that there's an
alternative I mean what does the future
of the Saudi government even look like
if he can't stay in this position well
it's a good question because there's no
clearly anointed successor to that Crown
Prince position and again I don't know
the state of King Salman's current
mental health he is aging and I don't
know whether or not he is able to deal
with this effectively I think Muhammad
Salman has been very very scrupulous as
far as preventing the king from
receiving any information that Muhammad
Salman does not want so I think it's a
real crisis right now inside of the
Saudi government it is a crisis for us
Saudi relations
I am hoping that again the Congress is
going to put the pressure on the
administration to get to the bottom of
this and hold the Saudis to account and
I think it squarely lies in Mohammed bin
Salman Quarter I'm interested in your
take on something a former CIA officer
told me when we were talking about this
privately effectively what he says is
the Saudi government likes what's
happening right now because number one
they don't think the Trump
administration will do anything punitive
anything significant significantly
punitive but number two because even the
gruesome details that are out in public
sends a message to other dissidents and
to other journalists that this is what
happens when you cross the Kingdom of
Saudi Arabia I don't agree with that you
don't know I think the Mohammed Salman
would like to stifle and quiet any type
of criticism but clearly this now is
getting to be a Donnybrook and I think
Mohammed bin Salman badly miscalculated
the reaction to this and look what has
happened to Davos in the desert
everybody is pulling back from that
investments and other types of things so
it's sending a signal to opponents is
one thing but the the attendant
downsides that are accruing now to the
us-saudi relationship as well as how
individuals not just Americans but also
Europeans and others are going to be
looking at Muhammad Salman this is a
story that's going to continue to play
out I think in the coming days weeks and
potentially months Amman who knows this
country in this story all too well
former CIA director John Brennan thank
you very much next we appreciate it
still ahead a recent UN report warned of
the catastrophic effects of climate
change but President Trump says not to
worry he has a natural instinct for
science
we'll explain next on Morning Joe thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
