the first time the American public has
ever heard a recording of Donald Trump
speaking when he thought no one was
listening to his lawyer Michael Cohen
this tape is by Donald Trump's former
lawyer and it is of their private
conversations and it's about not normal
planning or random stuff just take in
tonight what we're talking about secret
payments allegedly planned to be made to
a former Playboy model who claims she
had a relationship with then-candidate
Trump so let's break down exactly what
we know and don't know not everything on
the tape is bad for example for the
president but let's go through it here's
part of the tape where they appear to be
discussing buying Karen McDougal story
from the National Enquirer now this
audio originally broke on CNN but
Michael Cohen Cohen's current lawyer
Lanny Davis has authenticated it for NBC
we have not confirmed though what
happened around the tape whether it was
edited or altered take a listen I need
to open up a company for the transfer of
all of that info regarding our friend
David you know so that I'm gonna do that
right away I've actually come up on TV
and I've spoken to Alan weiselberger
about how to set the whole thing up with
funding yes and all the stuff because
here you never know where that company
never know what he's so he's all over it
what they're discussing appears to
suggest concern about a third party
owning this story this claim that could
be problematic for Trump even if the
third party would be the longtime friend
referred to as David which given what we
know about the story is widely
understood to be David pecker a friend
of Donald Trump's in the owner of the
National Inquirer so let's go through
three key things first after months of
hints there is now actual proof Donald
Trump's lawyer was secretly recording
him second Trump does appear to have
known about aspects of this arrangement
for a tabloid to try to help him by
buying MacDougall's story that means
that denies from his camp about it were
lies that he directed third there's an
implication here of some type of plan to
use this third party a tabloid company
to benefit Donald Trump with that in
mind listen to more from the recording
you never know where that company you
never know what he's gonna get correct
so I'm all over that and I spoke to Alan
about it when it comes time for the
financing which will be
no no no no no no no don't pay cash is a
clear an important message that Cohen
wanted to impart then to be clear and to
be fair that tape abruptly ends now
Trump's lawyers and Cohen's lawyers are
fighting all about what it means what's
on the tape whether this is a fair
rendering of the facts Trump said he
wanted to pay in cash it appears but
there's a debate about that as well
the central point though here is the
question of whether Trump Cohen or this
tabloid broke any laws together or
separately The Wall Street Journal
reporting that Cohen did set up a shell
company to buy MacDougall's story that
shows intent to make this happen also
reporting that he didn't purchase the
rights but was there any other sorum
some other form of payment was there
some other plan or conspiracy to use the
legal word to make this all happen or
did it never happen in which case as
Donald Trump has argued maybe it's not
so bad after all
and was everyone honest when speaking to
the authorities in person or through
documents about this and another big
question after all the build-up with
this tape out when you take it all
together in fairness does it help Donald
Trump or does it hurt him that's a
question we begin with former federal
prosecutor John Flannery and Leo Wright
reward professor at Harvard's Kennedy
School of Government with more experts
on the way but I wanted to get your view
as a prosecutor not as a critic of some
of Donald Trump's policies or a critic
of his judgment does anything on this
tape in your view legally hurt the
president absolutely and in fact if you
listen to the beginning of the tape
there's a very interesting thing
happening you hear a rustling which I
think means Cohen turned on his recorder
before he went to the meeting and he
knew he was going to tape it mm-hmm and
he goes off when he says no no no a
check Cohen was protecting himself and
when he got to the meeting he probably
took it out of his pocket pretend to be
checking email and put it down between
the two of them here and then taped the
conversation you're putting out a theory
you don't know that for a fact but it's
an interesting theory you're suggesting
that it was bad stuff the Cohen wanted
to get on record for himself no I'm not
about some secret cash payment that
could blow up in our face
I think it's worse than that okay see I
think he knew before the meeting what
the meeting was about
that's my inference from this evidence
because I've had tape recordings in
which it's all muffled because the thing
is hidden in a jacket pocket somewhere
and then he gets there and he takes it
out you know and he plays with it and he
puts it down and he tapes the
conversation from that point on we see
the context is entirely about campaigns
they're talking about pastors in the
south and he has some pretty gruff talk
about that they talk about are we gonna
have to worry about my divorce is any of
that going to come out before the
election so the whole context is the
election and then they talk about you
know can I trust them to have this maybe
we should do something to protect myself
you know should we buy it how should we
do this now I think here's the
interesting thing Trump is the kind of
person that if you tell him oh no no we
should do by check you think he doesn't
come back and do it by cash and consider
peckers position that again that's
conjecture what I'm interested in
tonight is whether the stuff on the tape
is bad for him let me also go to Lee
Ritenour
on whether this is maybe sometimes worse
for Cohan than Trump this is a man who
had a professional obligation to his
client he hasn't been released from that
obligation and he bragged about his
loyalty in that obligation take a listen
to him talking about attorney-client
privilege I'm gonna be the personal
attorney to mr. Trump and I'm going to
remain technically in the same role for
mr. Trump for president Trump as I was
when he was president of the Trump or
not being a government role that you'd
have attorney-client privilege with
president yes yes of course
it would appear Michael Cohen's breaking
that privilege today I don't think
Michael Cohen cares right now cares
about what Michael Cohen's
with what's gonna keep Michael Cohen out
of the hot seat and so there have been
rumblings I know his lawyers said that
he is willing to make deals that he is
willing to talk and that should that's
what I think should Donald Trump should
be really concerned about because now
we're talking about somebody who knows
where the bodies are buried he knows all
of the dirty and salacious details I
mean we already
know that Donald Trump has a complete
disregard for ethics for rules for
regulations but now we actually have
somebody on the inside who is saying
well no actually I have tapes and this
is how it was done so right now Michael
Cohen is is concerned about getting
himself out of any kind of legal or
criminal probe I think it's important
what you say if the bodies were lawfully
buried and died of natural causes he
still has an obligation his client if he
was part of burying bodies that he
killed then the crime fraud exception
and other obligations would kick in I
want to broaden this out to two people
who also know where some bodies are
buried Howell Raines it's a friend of
ours a former executive editor of The
New York Times has been covering many
people involved in these stories for a
long time and Madison Jesse Otto who has
been on the Trump campaign advisory
board and brings to us a perspective
I wonder your response on behalf of the
Trump perspective hearing all of this
you know as the former prosecutor said
it was a muffle tape because of the way
it was recorded so I think what we're
seeing going around the media today is a
lot of people are saying they're hearing
one thing a lot of people are saying
they're hearing another so it's very
much of a Johnny Laurel situation and I
think until we get more clear tape we're
not gonna be sure what what we're
hearing is Michael Cohen Yanni I don't
know you know we might not agree on that
but when it comes to Michael Cohen I
know Michael I'm extremely shocked by
what he did as an attorney myself I can
never imagine recording my clients
without their consent or without them
even knowing that I'm doing so I don't
think that's ethical and he's really on
his Werth's worst behavior are you
disappointed in Michael do you think
he's done something wrong with respect
to his obligations to Donald Trump at
the campaign you both served I am
disappointed absolutely how I won't get
into whether I'm disappointed with you
the president or Michael Coyne let me
say I'm not surprised but this Cowan
Trump soap opera is in going into its
second year now and to me the big news
this week is we've got a new actor and
that's Lanny Davis and Lanny Davis I've
known for quite a long time he got his
black belt in street fighting defending
Bill Clinton during the monitor whiskey
thing and I see this is Dave
and Cohen serving notice not just to the
president but to Rudy that you're no
longer the only bully on the block and
that they'll take control of news and
events there was much speculation about
why we're hearing about this now and
where does it fit into other important
stories which we're also covering on the
show from border security and
immigration issues to the questions over
Putin which were actually covering later
tonight but let's listen to Lanny Davis
who confirmed that he is the source of
this tape as I mentioned because that
tells you this is material they do think
will hurt the president here's more from
Lanny Davis as this story broke and
there are more tapes of Donald Trump
there are certainly more tapes that mr.
Cohen has discussed that he normally did
in order to take notes he used his
telephone beyond that I'm not going to
comment so I'm hearing more tapes howl
and a kind of a defense that I don't
think is that good for a lawyer oh I was
secretly recording to take notes most
lawyers would say if you're doing
something on behalf of your client it
doesn't need to be a secret and you
would say how let's memorialize part of
this I'm going to turn this tape
recorder on that's not what happened
here
no it's not but you know I think that
again the bigger picture this
administration and this particular
episode have become a hospice where
reputations go to die so again to repeat
with Lanny's entry now I think we've got
big muscular players on the field who
may not be afraid to bend the rules well
given the writer that you are it is it
is a flourish of a phrase I give you the
rebuttal we don't know who's on the
other tapes we don't know what's on the
other tapes again to Skepta sighs at
this point I think it's too early and I
really believe that what he did was
wrong and that's a separate issue
obviously that these tapes are coming
out they've waived to turn and client
privilege in terms of letting them out
so we'll see what happens
oh I think we're very close to Lanny
cooperating I'm not so sure that we have
mr. Cohen cooperating yet and I think
that if he were the Southern District
wouldn't have allowed this to happen and
it might blow the whole deal I'm also
interested in if we follow the scenario
that they were
in that conversation if you went to mr.
pecker and you said to him do you mind
selling us this I think he would say no
he say there's there's no trail away
from me this appears to be a judicial
excuse me it appears to be a news man's
decision not to run the story if you
come in and buy it then you reveal
exactly your role in the entire event
well but you might have wanted to be
paid pathetical yes I use a legal term
this is the funkiest part of the whole
story which is what is a self-declared
tabloid media publication doing in the
middle of this and that was something I
press miss MacDougall's lawyer on about
this because again I want to be very
precise that doesn't mean that Donald
Trump did something wrong although he
could have but it does mean that this
tabloid is here doing what political
favors for a presidential campaign which
they're not authorized to do it a lot I
want to play and then get your response
this is her lawyer on that question when
we discussed it all right if your client
made this deal with the National
Inquirer why was Michael Cohen involved
I mean it's it's the 64 million dollar
question where is it 130 thousand dollar
question depending on the case yeah I
guess 150 and rs.20 yeah I mean at the
end we don't know we don't know and you
think it's a Farias of course it's my
fairy of course it's in Affairs I think
it's a $25 question because white
there's a tabloid with the high
standards that the National Enquirer
have walk away during an election pays
one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
when the election is in November and
decides oh it's not up to our high
standards or is it the long-standing
relationship with Trump and the
conversations had with Cohen and
probably Trump who's his friend who is
more concerned that he'd get killed than
traffic on the story if they did that
for political benefit done or lied to
authorities about it are those both
felonies yes and I would be interviewing
Pecor tomorrow if he hasn't been
interviewed by the Southern District yet
whoa all I got to say is that right now
I'm sure Donald Trump is out there
listening to some camera and wishing
that people would stop snitching because
this is all bad
this is all bad no matter which way you
cut it even if we say ok nothing illegal
was done here it looks incredibly bad
yeah we have another case of a cover-up
we have you know the National Enquirer
actor and acting as essentially a you
know a propaganda organ or we're doing
things doing political favors that they
shouldn't have been doing and then we
have you know a trusted lawyer breaking
that confidence or at least a lawyer's
lawyer breaking that confidence to say
I'm ready to you know to speak I'm ready
to talk right well you're saying camera
and said no snitching I think it was
Kanye who said I got a lawyer to keep
what's in my safe safe what is in
Michael Cohen safe is not safe anymore
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
