we're House Speaker Paul Ryan is
answering questions about conservative
Republican caucus members trying to
impeach the Deputy Attorney General
their beef with Trump appointee rod
Rosen Stein the man overseeing a Muller
investigation the claim that he has not
turned over everything they want to see
all the sensitive information about
ongoing investigations do I support
impeachment of rod Rosen Stein no I do
not I do not for a number of reasons we
since I got involved I've been and I've
been getting a lot of compliance from
DOJ on the documentary quest do you view
this as a legitimate effort or as a
stunt look I think they know how I feel
about this
joining me now NBC's Kristen Welker at
the White House NBC's Jeff Bennett on
Capitol Hill MSNBC political analyst
Robert caused a national political
reporter at the Washington Post and
moderator of Washington week Betsy de la
Vega a former federal prosecutor who
reported directly to Robert Muller in
the past and MSNBC justice and security
analyst Matt Miller former chief
spokesman for Attorney General Eric
Holder first to you a Jeff Bennett you
aware of the speaker's position on this
first of all the freedom caucus
so-called these very conservative
members pitched this but they didn't
pitch it as a privileged resolution to
really jam it onto the floors so were
they just trying to make a point what's
going on up there it certainly appears
that way Andrea and today we heard that
House Speaker Paul Ryan not publicly
condemned the effort but ticked through
all the reasons why he doesn't support
it he said it's not smart to be cavalier
with this term of impeachment he said
that if this move ever did actually move
to the Senate although it's highly
unlikely it ever would that it would
really jam up the Republican agenda
including the effort to confirm the
Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh so
what we're left with is that yes this
does appear to be an effort to further
politicize the the mother probe and
perhaps to lay the predicate to give
President Trump an excuse if he so
chooses
to get rid of Brad Rosen Stein who as
you know is Robert Miller's boss he
could always point to this notion that
we'll look he's he's the subject of an
inocent each mint process on the hill
but it does not appear at this point
since the members of the house freedom
caucus are
using that maneuver to really force a
vote and because it doesn't have the
support of House Republican leadership
it doesn't appear at this point that
it's going to move anywhere anytime soon
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
