let's walk through Facebook here because
for the average person out there they
were saying well the stock went down
after Cambridge analytical but it
climbed right back up after user growth
is up so what's the deal so here's the
story just on Facebook which is that we
all thought I don't know I'm gonna say
we all thought originally when the
Cambridge analytical scandal happened
there was this view that somehow
Facebook was over everybody was gonna
get off a Facebook nobody was ever get
congressional hearing well people are
going you and the Facebook we said oh no
no we're getting regulated and then but
more even more than that there was also
reality which is we all use Instagram we
all use Facebook after that everybody
uses this stuff eat by the way and we've
talked about this before even after the
worst hack attacks we all for better way
we were like sheep we all go back to the
same place and so there still got
ex-boyfriends I want to look up and what
else am I gonna is you said that I did
not but the idea was that they were
gonna continue to continue to outperform
and and historically they've always said
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna hit
this number and then they've come out
with a crazy number that's way better
than that and this was the first time
they said actually guys you know what
for the next two quarters or more we're
gonna actually have to spend some money
working on these privacy tools there's
gonna be stuff to be done the growth was
now that in terms of users was not
nearly what people had expected now the
real question the stocks obviously off
Mark Zuckerberg a personal wealth by the
way off about 17 billion dollars a
brown-bag it you know bears health what
the question within the Wall Street
world is whether they are now just
lowering the temperature so they can
beat them again meaning lower the bar so
long if you're gonna do in one quarter
this is the cool you know you have one
quarter you say you know we have to
reset expectations all fair and then and
then I'm not so sure that this is some
kind of grand pivotal moment that we're
gonna look back in history and say this
is the end of Facebook or that we're
gonna look back and say you know the
other implication this morning is that
you're looking at other tech stocks
whether it's Amazon or Google ok Netflix
I'm not sure it's hitting them either
user growth doesn't translate into
dollars because we've learned that we're
not their customer we're their product
yes did it actually impact what
advertisers are doing because Facebook's
getting a
huge amount of negative press how does
the advertisers have not walked away the
biggest distinction is that in terms of
growth you know we all have these news
feeds on Facebook yes
they've populated those news feeds with
about as much advertising as they can
yeah they've run out of room to
whitening my belly fat and now we've all
moved to it cuz I see you doing it on
stories you know those are live video
and so they're trying to move a lot of
the business to stories however they
can't monetize what's called monetize
they can't make money off the store is
in the same way because there's less
advertising less advertisers have moved
to that platform so Wilson I think
there's still some time for this doll
shape I lucked out that you were here to
talk Facebook today you were already
coming because I want you to talk about
your most recent piece in deal book it's
extraordinary Main Street investors
coalition that sounds great it sounds
like a group of mom-and-pop investors
but the truth is it is a group funded by
lobbying and business interests that
really want to hurt how pensions and
401k plans this was so remarkable to me
because I all you know I've been writing
a lot over the last year about big firms
like Blackrock and Vanguard that
represent us on their 401 k's trying to
move companies more on issues like
climate change and gun control and
conscious capitalism and all of a sudden
i heard about a group called Main Street
investor coalition that was fighting
back on this stuff and supposed to be
representing the little guy with this
idea that somehow the little guy
actually doesn't want the Vanguard's and
black rocks fighting on these issues
that that some of the little guy only
really wants the stock to go up in the
shortest term and for everybody making
short terms I thought there's something
wrong here this doesn't make any sense
so you did your digging and so when when
we did a little bit of digging we
discovered that Main Street Investor
Coalition is basically a front it's a
front for the National Association of
Manufacturers which by the way is Dow
Chemical and every other big company
that you've ever heard of and they
basically literally two and a half
months ago decided we're gonna create
this other group over here because by
the way Main Street investor coalition
sounds fabulous relative to National
Association of Manufacturers
so Andrew Liveris from Dow Chemical can
go to every conference he wants and talk
about the importance of long-term ism
and sit next to Larry thing from
Blackrock well this
same time he's funding mom-and-pop
investors supposedly so this little
mount this supposedly mom-and-pop
investor group which is not a
mom-and-pop and maybe it's a very
perverse argument that they've made
which is basically they're trying to
stop the black rocks and van guards from
being able to vote to a large degree on
these issues and say we want to empower
the little guy we want absolutely each
individual investor to be the one voting
not the big not Blackrock voting on
their behalf and while it sounds great
in in practice what it really means is
that actually the little guy loses too
because most of us unfortunately don't
vote so that the that puts more of the
power back in the hands of management in
corporate boards and and if it was a
bitter surprise I'm hoping now that this
is a little bit more transparent and I
should give a lot of props to Nelly
minnow who's a corporate governance
expert who first tipped me off to this
that maybe this argument will we'll
attend a little hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
