Jeremy mentioned Mike Pompeo testimony
yesterday the Secretary of State
appeared before the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee it was the first
time senators have had a chance to
question the secretary since both the
Singapore and Helsinki summits the
nearly three hour here included several
tents back and forth between Pompeo and
senators from both sides of the aisle on
topics including Russia North Korea and
policy in other places as well today the
Trump administration is releasing what
we're calling the Crimea declaration
quote the United States calls on Russia
to respect the principles to which it
has long claimed to adhere and to end
its occupation of Crimea
end of quote I want to sure this
committee that the United States does
not will not recognize the Kremlin's
purported annexation of Crimea we do not
have nuclear inspectors yet on the
ground in North Korea is that correct
mr. secretary that is correct
North Korea continues to produce fissile
material nuclear bomb material is that
correct I'm trying to make sure I I stay
on that correct yeah yes that's correct
is there any verifiable evidence of
progress towards denuclearization oh yes
absolutely
what is verifiable we are sitting at the
table having conversations we have had
lots of discussions that I'm not gonna
get in here to today I am afraid that at
this point the United States the Trump
administration is being taken for a ride
fear not senator fear not there's no
evidence to there under not Senator
there's no evidence
senator fear not has the president told
you what he and President Putin discuss
in their two-hour closed-door meeting in
Helsinki presidents have a Praga to
choose who's in meetings or not I'm
confident you've had private one-on-one
meetings in your life as well you've
chosen that setting is the most
efficient way that's a simple question
did you did he tell you what whether or
not what happened in those two hours yes
center the predicate of your question
implied some notion that there was
something improper about having a
one-on-one meeting I completely disagree
with jism I didn't ask you a predicate I
asked you a simple question I hope we're
gonna get through it did he tell you
what transpired in the
number of conversations with President
Trump about what transpired in the
meeting I was also president when
President when he and President Putin
both gave us a sense of what they
discussed in the meeting that followed
immediately after did you have also had
the chance to speak with Sergei Lavrov
twice about the Russian view on what
takes place I think I have a pretty
complete understanding good what why did
you speak to the translator who was at
that meeting no I haven't you draw a
distinction between the president's
comments and US policy senator the
policies are themselves statements as
well indeed they're the most important
statements that the administration makes
well policies are statements and
statements are policies that's
absolutely not true the people make well
I make lots of statements they're not
they're not US policy the president says
things right the president makes
comments in certain places we have we
have a National Security Council we meet
we lay out strategies we develop
policies right the finally knew the
president that sets the course how do I
know the difference between a
presidential statement that is not a
policy and a statement that is Senator
here's what you should look at compare
compare the following Barack Obama
speaking tough on Russia and doing
nothing it is trying to soon you want to
rewrite the Obama policy on Russia but
that's simply okay can I clean that up
senator you're right if you want to
clean it up I love when he Keeks that is
the policy I'd love to senator and I'd
love the chance to do that yeah go ahead
yeah I misspoke it is the case that the
president calls the ball his statements
are in fact policy but it's the case
that when all of us speak in informal
settings in response to questions we're
not being we're not covering the full
gamut of things that impact the world
that's that's what I intended to say I
saw the Glee on your side
walking away trying to make a political
point from that that's silliness this
president runs this government his
statements vacuous so now we understand
that when the president speaks it is the
policy
I can't say it more for forcefully we
really need a clear understanding as to
what is going on what our president is
agreeing to and what our strategy is on
a number of issues from where we set it
appears that in a ready fire aim fashion
the White House is waking up every
morning and making it up as they go is
there a strategy of this or is it what
what is it that causes the president
purposely purposely create distrust in
these institutions and what we're doing
I just disagree with most of what you
just said there you somehow disconnect
the administration's activities from the
president's actions they're there
they're the one in the same a notice
that you are not responding to what I'm
saying I think I think I responded to
everything that you had said it or not
now you didn't and the fact is that you
just didn't okay we don't disagree that
for the hell let's run the transcript
together and talk about it but the fact
that the website it's the it's the
president's public statements that
create concern amongst senators on both
sides of the aisle and I was asking you
if in fact there was some you know some
rhyme or reason that this type of
distrust or discord will be created
these statements actually achieve
important policy outcomes for the United
States of America them do yeah in some
of them very damaging so David Ignatius
a lot for you to chew on there as we
watch the highlights of that hearing
yesterday the argument throughout from
Secretary of State Pompeo was to ignore
the footsie that Donald Trump has
continued to play with with Vladimir
Putin including in public at Helsinki
and look at the policy is the secretary
right there
well I think in that very testy series
of exchanges what you really saw from
Pompeo was a kind of armed retreat from
the positions that we thought President
Trump had taken in in Helsinki now
no the policies themselves hadn't
changed can't really tell you what he
talked about with Vladimir Putin we're
announcing that our policy is to refuse
to endorse the annexation of Crimea that
just two weeks ago it seemed that the
president was heading toward support for
that and now there's nothing that's been
decided on Syria we've been getting
consistent reports that there were
discussions between Putin and trumpet
about Syria so I think what we saw to
yesterday in all sorts of different ways
was the administration of pulling back
from positions that have become very
controversial but we'll talk later about
trade but that's also part of this but
but doing so in a way that seemed very
combative insisting that the president's
being tough hasn't changed I think the
clearest sign of where they are is the
decision to cancel the planned Putin
Trump meeting for the fall at the White
House that the putting that off until
after the elections why because they
know that it's unpopular they know that
the pushback that you heard from every
questioner from Menendez the Democrat
similarly from corker the Republican
there's just a lot of unhappiness in
Congress about what about the
president's maruzen in Helsinki and
since and I think Pompeo as abrasive as
he was an answering was pulling back
from the positions but ktk the stated
reason yesterday from John Bolton the
national security adviser for the
postponement of that meeting or the
invitation extended to Putin was they
wanted to wait out the quote witch hunt
that was what John Bolton called it a
witch on so as Mike Pompeo is up on the
hill talking about how tough they are on
Russia the National Security Advisor is
saying the investigation into Russian
interference in our elections is a witch
hunt yeah I mean the fact that you have
the national security adviser using in
an official statement the words witch
hunt is pretty staggering in and of
itself we don't know that the mother
probe will be wrapped up by the
beginning of next year which is what mr.
Bolton seemed to be implying but David's
right here the optics of having a Putin
summit in Washington in the run-up to
the midterm elections was not going to
play
for the for the president and you've got
this curious situation which you're
hearing from both the Pentagon and from
the State Department that increasingly
decisions are being made in the National
Security Council with little reference
to what's happening with general matters
and perhaps even with secretary Pompeo
but he seems to have a better
relationship with Donald Trump at the
moment and the cleanup jobs that have
been doing by the agencies and there's
john bolton who's the one who's actually
leading what is happening when it comes
to national security at the moment and
that's causing quite a lot of concerns
especially at places like the pentagon I
point out that john bolton one year ago
called Russian interference quote a true
act of war and yesterday called the
investigation into it a which on Jeremy
this does follow a pattern we see the
president go out and make a mistake or
be casual and light with Vladimir Putin
or another leader like Kim jong-un and
then it's Mike Pompeo or nikki Haley or
general mattis who comes in afterward
and tries to clearly state that actually
what the president said is not what's
happening in this administration well it
starts with the fact that they have no
foreign policy process they haven't had
any means to prepare the president he
doesn't want preparation he doesn't want
to read intelligence he does not want to
get advice from his advisers so they
don't actually know what the game is
going into the bilateral or the summit
then when they come out
the president says things it's their job
to clean up aisle eight because they
know that the statements he's taken the
position he's taken for example
welcoming a quote joint cybersecurity
summit in which Americans will be
interrogated by the former KGB agent
that's totally untenable politically
unpopular and dumb foreign policy and so
in fact they're walking behind the
elephant with a shovel in their hands at
all times and let's not forget a couple
things that happened in those exchanges
that are basically unprecedented first
of all back to the meeting where it's
just the two of them one-on-one and
Pompeyo is pressed on whether he had
spoken to the translator to verify the
president's account service has no
answer to that the Secretary of State
our Secretary of State has no idea what
the actual true version of events the
unbiased true version of events is and
second of all bob Corker up there
sounded like the democrats you know and
you could see that the difference in in
Pompeii's posture because he had to sort
of you know be more respectful in a way
of senator corker because they're on the
same
side but you know we talk over and over
again about when are Republicans gonna
actually stand up I mean you saw that in
a big way at that hearing thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more for morning joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
