okay I want to bring in the one and only
Michael avenatti you know him stormy
Daniels attorney he joins us on the
phone all right Michael you took to
Twitter and you're talking about Cohen
and his attorney Lonny Davis saying
quote mr. Davis Lanny Davis mr. Davis is
a good lawyer but his client mr. Cohen
is not innocent nor is he a victim he is
a co-conspirator dishonest thug who
continues to refuse to come clean and do
the right thing
they are playing you and aiming for a
pardon where is the rest of the evidence
and tapes now Davis says Cohen is not
seeking a pardon and you don't buy that
so Michael I got to walk walk through a
few things I give you credit coz you
said there's not one tape there's tapes
you were right but a week ago didn't you
go out to dinner with Michael Cohen they
had said you ran into him in a
restaurant and I have to tell you we got
14,000 restaurants in New York City so I
personally don't buy that you just ran
into one another and I think you said
that you could actually see yourself
working with Cohen at some point so
let's get through the noise and tell us
what's really going on here
well Stephanie I happen to run into
Michael Cohen it's Khalid atella 61st
and third I decided the last minute to
go to that restaurant I was with a
friend of mine and I walked into the
restaurant I was seated and my friend
said to me you're not gonna believe
who's here and I was like I'm sorry I'm
sorry continue so you ran into Michael
Cohen no I ran into Michael Cohen by
happenstance and you know Stephanie but
that was not the first communication
that I'd had relating to us potentially
sitting down with Michael Cohen and
trying to resolve things as I as I said
I'm seeing and last night this has been
in the works for a number of weeks but
it was contingent on Michael Cohen
coming a hug percent clean in disclosing
what he knew about the president and the
president's culpability as it relates to
potential criminal conduct and on Sunday
we had we had immediate actually set up
on Monday meeting two days ago 4:00 p.m.
in New York and I canceled that meeting
on Sunday because it became clear to me
after speaking with Lanny Davis that
morning that Michael was not prepared to
do the right thing and wanting to
basically have it both ways and what I
could have participate in something
like that so my issue is as follows our
issue is as follows there's a number of
other tapes there's a lot of additional
damaging information and Michael Cohen
doesn't want to provide that information
to the American public and doesn't want
to come clean he is playing and Lainey
Davis is playing the American public
right now and when I got to participate
in that and we're going to continue to
hammer away at this guy until he does
the right thing you think they're
putting forth up front where they're
saying I'm trying to do the right thing
I'm releasing this tape to show that I'm
a good guy and that's not actually the
truth what do you mean they're playing
us no that's exactly what they're that's
exactly what they're doing Stephanie
because again this is one of many tapes
this is not even the tip of the iceberg
and look if Lanny Davis is to be
believed his comments this morning that
Michael Cohen is not seeking a pardon my
hotel in tradition written statement
this morning stating that he will not
accept a pardon from Donald Trump
regardless of the circumstances anyone
who's facing prison time is not going to
sign a document that says I will not
accept a pardon there's no way he's
gonna would you do that I wouldn't I
definitely I absolutely would do that if
I went on national television or I had
my attorney go on national television
and say that he was not seeking a pardon
I don't get it with if that's the truth
he should have no problem issuing that
statement and if he refuses to issue
that statement that should tell you
something namely that he's trying to
have it both ways which is exactly what
they're doing right now there's nothing
stopping Michael Cohen and Lanny Davis
from releasing a balance of the tapes
there's over a dozen there's nothing
stopping them from coming clean and
doing the right thing they're just in
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
