we wait for a president Trump to deplane
right there you're showing we're showing
it on the right side of your screen in
Kansas City Missouri he and the White
House are celebrating made in America
planes actually made in America it's
again the president wasted no time
touting american-made products at a
showcase on Monday the president was
full of praise for American
manufacturing and for workers we're here
today to celebrate the greatest products
in the world products made with American
heart American sweat and American pride
after many years of decline American
manufacturing is coming back bigger and
better and stronger than ever before
it's happening our leaders in Washington
did nothing they did nothing they let
our factories leave they let our our
people lose their jobs given to other
jobs workers in faraway lands that's not
free trade that's fools trade that's
stupid trade yeah we don't do that kind
of trade anymore so let's take a closer
look at some products made in those
faraway lands products that the
president talked about let's start with
those Mogga hats mm-hmm
they come from China they're reportedly
stuck sitting in US Customs amid those
new tariffs on Chinese goods but his
hats are just one of the many Trump
products not made in America The
Washington Post found that in 2016 the
president's clothing line including ties
shirts and eyeglasses are made in China
Bangladesh Honduras and Vietnam some of
his suits are made in Mexico and
Indonesia the same investigation found
Trump home items particularly the Trump
by Doria furniture line they're made in
Germany and Turkey huh other items like
mirrors and picture frames come from
China and India hotel items like Trump
branded pens come from China and Taiwan
while things like shampoo and body wash
yes smell like Trump and bath towels
they're made in China and beverages you
remember trom vodka to be exact is
distilled in the Netherlands it is also
produced and sold in Israel the post
2017 look into Ivanka's Trump clothing
line found apparel Purdue
in Bangladesh China India Indonesia and
Vietnam many of her shoes are produced
in China and after backlash for factory
worker conditions shoe production was
reportedly moved to Ethiopia according
to the New York Times and those Ivanka
Trump leather handbag got to be made
here many of them also made in China and
finally First Lady Melania Trump her
jewelry line with QVC American there was
a very brief period of time when her
jewelry line was posted on the White
House website and then took off you
guessed it
made in China so again the President of
the United States is saying do as I say
not do as I do I would figure after the
first time they tried this made in
America week and the first time you
presented that to the audience
they'd say maybe we just shouldn't have
made in America week or maybe the
president shouldn't be doing it maybe
somebody else who doesn't make stuff
elsewhere in the world should be heading
up made in America week this is the
height of hypocrisy that the president
carries on about well they could take
the position let's lead by example over
the last several decades production
manufacturing moved overseas but since
they are pushing and pressuring so many
companies to do the same Allah
I think harley-davidson they could do
that months ago the president of Ivanka
Trump's brand abigail Clem said it's not
an option for them they have to focus on
the bottom line we get it every company
has to focus on the bottom line
other president is arguing that
companies need to focus on the American
worker we're asking the question well
sir and miss Ivanka Trump
why aren't you because they can there
are many of those products not maybe not
all of it there many of them that
actually could be made in America
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
