today's money power politics are we
subsidizing low-wage employees for
companies with record profits a
comprehensive report from UC Berkeley
labor center studied working families
who rely on public assistance programs
like Medicaid and CHIP the basic
household income assistance program
temporary aid to needy families and
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program or snap that means US taxpayers
are footing the bill that's about a
hundred and fifty three billion bucks
every year the intercept and the new
food economy economy examined this
problem focusing specifically on Amazon
employees using snap food benefits in
the state of Arizona please listen to
this one in every three of Amazon
employees depend on snap to put food on
their family's table in Pennsylvania and
Ohio the figure appears to be about one
in ten the president for his part
consistently picks fights with Amazon
about their use of the US Postal Service
for deliveries and their dominance in
the retail market and even Jeff Bezos
owning the Washington Post but here's
what makes no sense
none of those touch the legitimate
criticisms of Amazon you want to
criticize Amazon I'm going to help you
do that right now but what the president
is going after is nonsense when jobs do
not pay enough workers turn to public
assistance in order to meet their basic
needs and that burden is falling on
taxpayers but when the head of that
company paying low wages happens to be
the richest man in modern history let me
remind you of this Jeff Bezos on amazon
prime prime day became worth 150 billion
dollars when he's worth that much money
you begin to start asking the question
are companies like this who are paying
their employees so little gaming the
system joining me now my dear friend
Scott Galloway he's a professor at the
NYU Stern School of Business and the
author of the for the hidden DNA of
Amazon Apple Facebook and Google all
right Scott let's get through this we do
not have a jobs program problem in this
country we've got loads of jobs we have
a
age problem yeah how are we gonna fix
this in Amazon theoretically one of the
most successful companies on the planet
richest guy in the world
and he's got employees on food stamps
yeah you're right it's never been easier
to get a job but it's never been harder
to get a well-paying job and we have an
economy that's bifurcating into what we
had loose ly be described as 350 million
serfs serving three million Lords let's
talk about Amazon Amazon is the largest
recruiter out of my brand strategy class
at NYU they'll hire 10% of my students
and by the way those are outstanding
jobs their high-paying they include
equity anyone who's had an equity award
as part of their compensation in Amazon
in the last 10 years there's probably
been a greater 50% likelihood that
they're millionaires but the individuals
hired into the non Information Age jobs
the workers in the factory who quite
frankly were supply and demand have been
the reason why they these people have
been getting paid less and less you know
they're not making a living wage and I
don't think Amazon is any more guilty
what we're guilty of is creating a
Gestalt among CEOs where they see their
only stakeholders as shareholders ok
stay on because you and I have listened
to earnings calls and when you think
about what a CEO is responsible for or
what in their mind they care about its
shareholders and it's their customers
they are never asked about and it's not
made a priority to help those low wage
employees because if those low wage
employees leave they'll just find other
ones they don't have any leverage but at
some point is there is there and I'm not
calling for regulation but as the
regulatory action we need is there a
moral obligation if your company is that
rich why wouldn't you pay your employees
more but we've opted for this Stephanie
we've led minimum wage under pace
inflation for 30 years Union membership
has been cut in half it gets worse uber
is worth 80 billion dollars of value
approaching the value of Airbus they
have 12,000 employees and then they have
2.5 million driver partners which is
Latin for people who aren't protected by
minimum wage laws don't have health
insurance and by the way don't
participate in that 80 billion-dollar
equity value so we had corporate America
has figured out a rationale and a reason
to create a two-class system where you
have your Information Age workers where
there's a war on talent there's never
been a better
time to come out of MIT with a EE degree
but there's never been a worse time to
not have a college degree and be working
in a factory and this brings up or
fulfillment sir and this brings up a
larger issue not for Amazon and that is
there's always a tension between capital
and labor over the last 30 years capital
has been kicking the crap out of labor
and it's bad for the economy because
quite frankly the greatest source of
good and economic growth in the history
of modern man has been the American
middle class and it has been punched in
the gut repeatedly for the last thirty
years then what do we do about it if the
president wants to call out Jeff Bezos
he could call them out about this when
you think about Amazon they have
received billions in tax incentives
think about the amount of information
they got from all of those cities or
vying to have the next headquarters in
their location who's going to call him
out where is he going to be forced to do
something well you'd like to think of
the West maybe for us you'd like to
think that the wealthiest man in the
world would have more concern for the
Commonwealth and wouldn't go hat in hand
to 20 different municipalities asking
for a tax break when he or she has more
wealth than the budget the municipal
budget of the states that they're asking
he's not going to do that because he
would say it's his fiduciary
responsibility shareholders to make the
most amount of money possible when do we
start putting your moral obligation on
I'm not even saying the same plane is
your fiduciary responsibility on any
plane out there it can't just be but
we've got a great philanthropy office
well okay so they're the most obvious
place to start would be electing
officials that enforce or increase
minimum wage increase minimum wage
federally or nationwide to $15 figure
out a way you know party where no
company's gonna do it unless they're
forced to by the government I think at
the end of the day people always find a
reason most CEOs to increase earnings
per share because that's where they get
their compensation compensation drives
behavior Facebook I mean we're talking
about big tech Facebook is finding a
reason not to shut down temporarily the
whatsapp application in India even
though people are being dragged out of
cars and lynched literally because of
rumors spreading on the platform
companies will always find a reason to
not connect the dots between what is
right necessarily and you know doing
what is right for shareholders versus
doing what is right for their employees
the Information Age employees are fine
because they have leverage because
there's a war on talent
but until we have stronger federal
minimum wage laws we elect people that
see that see the value in dignity and
work the American experience is about
freedom Liberty but it's also Stephanie
it's also about dignity and work we are
brave we are generous people you know
what else we do we work and when people
work they need to make a fair way but
Scott right now this is being put into
categories people say you're either a
capitalist or a socialist and that's not
true there is such a thing as conscious
capitalism and you see leaders like Marc
Benioff leading the charge and running
companies like Salesforce that kill it
well if you want so this notion of
conscious capitalism
we've lost the script around that
effectively we've decided again that
what's good for the consumer and good
for the shareholder is good for society
writ large there's three entities here
there's consumers their shareholders and
there's workers we have purposefully
opted to treat the consumers like
royalty to treat shareholders like kings
and queens and the serfs are the workers
we have deep prioritized work the
dignity and work in this because
organizations like this organizations
like the wall street journal'
organization the CNBC will talk all day
about the highly publicized examples of
a kid coming out of Harvard or not
coming out of Harvard that makes
billions of dollars so everyone sees
this example and thinks the economy is
working the economy isn't working there
are 24,000 people at Facebook a market
cap of 600 billion dollars there are
quarter of a million employees of auto
companies with 50 billion dollars in
market cap we have we have literally
reshaped the economy to serve a small
number of very talented and very lucky
people it's a lottery economy and you
know whose fault it is it's our fault we
are electing people that will not raise
minimum wage and have not have decided
to deprioritize workers in the United
States the economy is working but not
for everyone and remember you don't want
to raise minimum wage you're going to
pay for those people one way or another
they will need to be on federal
assistance think about it Jeff Bezos I
celebrate your entrepreneurship I
celebrate what an extraordinary business
leader you are but I asked you if you're
worth 150 bill I sure hope your
employees shouldn't need to be on
federal assistance
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSM be
see on youtube if you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
