and did we do in just the last few
minutes Ivanka Trump her brand will
officially be shutting down that's the
Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories
and lifestyle brand the president of her
company abigail Clem announced it in
conjunction with Ivanka Trump August is
when they usually do the planning for
the next year the company according to
miss Trump she's claiming the the brand
did well the company did fine
financially though we know in the last
18 months
both Hudson Bay and Nordstrom stopped
carrying her stuff the sentiment is
basically that MS Trump plans to stay in
Washington in the near future wants to
focus all of her attention there and
remember she's gotten a huge amount of
pressure to shut this company down it is
made in America week and she doesn't
make any of her products in the United
States when asked about that just a few
months ago by the New York Times the
president of her company abigail Clem
said they have to focus on their bottom
line and there aren't manufacturing
opportunities in the US so you know
there was ethical issues there were some
conflicts of interest we don't know
specifically if that's why she's
shutting down but effective immediately
they will be winding the company down
not selling it to anyone else dissolving
it giving severance and those employees
are gonna be out there looking for a job
Stephanie based on I mean you've covered
obviously the business dealings of the
president for his the entirety of his
time in office and during his campaign
as well is it there kind of MO in the
Trump family to shut something down if
it's making them money no definitely not
I mean if you look at their history
they've had to shut businesses down that
have gone bust so it's a private company
we can't say that we know inside
specifically how the financials are
doing you've got to take their word for
it but it could be a combination of the
mounting pressures the conflict of
interest unclear but as of now they are
shutting their business down and yes it
is very abnormal for them to do so
they don't seem to mind the conflicts of
interests in fact they kind of laugh in
the face of it and they often refer you
to the fact that like hey look
well she's not taking a salary when she
works at the White House but we know she
has been making millions and millions of
dollars based on the fact that her brand
has
more valuable since entering the white
house and I it I think back to soon
after President Trump was elected when
the first family did an interview with
60 minutes and that night Ivanka Zone PR
person sent out Ivanka is wearing a
bracelet from the Ivanka Trump line and
they soon said that was a mistake but
she's gotten a huge amount of flack
especially from the likes of me for
running that business while she is
serving as senior advisor to the
president and guess what we said she
should shut her business down it's a
conflict and she's doing it hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
