Julie you've been checking on a new
court filing against the ACLU on behalf
of the children and separated families
in that federal court case from ice I
guess the chief enforcement officer from
ice tell us what it's all about so
Andrea this is the response that the
government has for a petition that the
ACLU said that they need about seven
days after these families are reunified
so that they can get to them and explain
their legal rights before they have to
make the tough choice between whether or
not to leave without their children or
with their children they would leave
without in order to allow them to seek
asylum what the government is saying
here is that they can't give the ACLU
that's seven days because they're short
on resources and space and they frankly
don't think that the judge can tell them
to hold off on orders of deportation
so we're likely to see all that come to
a head today when the two parties come
before the judge at 6:00 p.m. Eastern
now Jacob I am really confused about
this because we've been getting denials
from all sorts of people but the fact is
we're talking about people who are being
given the horrible choice Sophie's
Choice if you will of leaving their kids
here or taking their kids and leaving
but giving up their right to hearings
and Asylum and in some cases Andrea that
choice is not one that's even been
apparent according to the ACLU to the
parents when they're getting these forms
to sign away their rights and
essentially elect to be self separated
and deported away again from their
children let's put this into a much
larger context here which is only two
days away from the government mandated
deadline to reunite all 2551 children
that the government says were separated
from their parents we know that nine
hundred and seventeen of them a huge
number have already been deemed
ineligible to be reunited in the first
place so we're talking about a massive I
think that's 35 a 34 percent of all of
them migrants and the children that came
to the United States and were separated
by this Trump administration policies
and now the challenge is what happens to
all different kinds of subsets of these
parents and children we know the 463 of
them as of yesterday and we should
probably get an updated
number in the hearing as Julia was
mentioning today may have been already
deported themselves so what happens
Andrea if you came here with your child
the Trump administration separated you
and you're already back in your home
country you're not going to be reunified
that's for sure with your child here in
the United States well I mean Julia
what's so incomprehensible to me is that
there was no system in place to identify
kids and parents to each have the same
number the same wristband whatever you
want to say at the point of separation
that that was not in place when this
zero-tolerance policy was first
announced now that it's been done and
that these kids have been sent all over
the country and their parents in
separate holding facilities so why they
didn't keep them all in the same region
is another you know big question how can
we say that the children should that
that parents should have to make this
decision about giving up their right to
asylum isn't the right to asylum
embedded in our law embedded in treaties
embedded in the Geneva Convention it is
true Andrea I mean if you I'm sure you
saw secretary Neilson speaking to Peter
Alexander at that that's why I'm asking
this because her answers were completely
with all due respect modeled they were
all over the place
Peter that kind of nail or down on it
that's true we all saw that happen I
mean what the only parents that they can
really guarantee will be reunited or
those who are already in ice custody
those who have been released into the
United States while they seek asylum are
those who have been forced to deport
those people are no longer really in
what they would consider an eligible
class and we'll see all of that be
debated and the next 48 hours in court
but it seems that they don't really have
a system and when Peter pressed her on
it she said we're just trying to move as
expeditiously as we can but she would
not commit to that timeline of Thursday
and to your point about asylum there's a
new forum that the ACLU is asking these
parents to sign before they deport so
they really understand all of their
rights and one of the options they can
choose is to speak to a lawyer so that
they understand whether or not they
still have an asylum case that's pending
because as we saw before with that old
form the Jake wood Jake
and I reported on they were given two
choices to port with your children or
deport with that hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
