the US budget deficit is soaring under
President Trump according to the
Treasury Department the federal budget
deficit increased by 113 billion dollars
in fiscal year 2018 Trump's first full
year as president first fiscal year's
president that's a 17% increase from
2017 it's the highest the deficit has
been in six years the deficit now stands
at 779 billion dollars in deficit of
course is the difference between what
the government takes in and what it
spends today Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell tried to claim that this
steep increase is due to the social
safety net it's very disturbing and it's
driven by the three big entitlement
programs that are very popular Medicare
Social Security and Medicaid but the
data points elsewhere one of the biggest
contributing factors to this deficit
spike the GOP tax cuts according to
Treasury data tax revenues from
corporate returns dropped 31% in the
fiscal year 2018 compared to the same
period last year which would be strange
because companies are making more money
than they have made before Congress
knocked off more than a trillion dollars
worth of forecasted tax revenue and
boosted government spending at the same
time it stands in stark contrast to the
promises from Trump officials and from
congressional Republicans before the tax
cuts passed not only will this tack
point pay for itself but it will pay
down debt I'm confident this is not only
revenue neutral to the government but
actually is very likely to be a revenue
producer we're right there in the sweet
spot with economic growth that gives
it's more revenue we're where we need to
be the problem may get worse as
bloomberg notes the Congressional Budget
Office forecasts that government
spending will outweigh revenue by 973
billion dollars in the fiscal year 2019
and more than one trillion dollars the
following year that would be the first
time the deficit deficit exceeds 1
trillion dollars since 2012 when the
economy was still recovering from the
Great Recession joining us now are
Austin Goolsbee former chairman of the
Council of Economic Advisers for
President Obama he's currently a
professor of economics at the University
of Chicago Bruce Bartlett also joins me
an economist and former deputy assistant
secretary of the Treasury under
President George HW
and he's the author of the book the
truth matters Bruce you and I sat here
at this table that I met and discussed
the fact that these Republican tax cuts
are not going to result in the growth
that the president kept claiming they
would to make up for this deficit any
any thinking person with some economics
background could have looked at these
tax cuts and said you're going to get
yourself into a bigger deficit we are
where we expected to be it shouldn't
come as a surprise to anybody well
that's exactly right and I think it's
important to understand that every
single Republican who commented on this
issue a year ago and said revenues would
rise or that they would not fall I'm
talking about Paul Ryan Mitch McConnell
Steve minuchin they were all lie they're
liars they knew that they were lying
when they said those things and they
wanted revenues to fall because they
wanted the deficit to rise because they
why is that why would it really close
they want my deficit to rise because
what they really want to do is cut
entitlement programs they want to cut
those programs that Mitch McConnell
talked about Social Security Medicare
Medicaid and they understand they're
very politically popular they can only
be cut when there is a deficit so large
that people are frightened and they feel
we have no choice and that has been
their goal for 40 years
Austan Goolsbee Greenberg Research poll
indicates a 12 point gap in support for
GOP tax cuts
52% strongly or strongly or somewhat
oppose the tax cuts while 40% strongly
or somewhat supported and in a Gallup
poll from last week it shows that
two-thirds of people in a polled have
not seen an increase in take-home pay
from the GOP tax cuts here's the thing I
I've sat here and spoken to Kevin
Hassett at the White House who said that
the average American is going to see a
$4,000 increase from these tax cuts I
could never get that math to work I
don't think you could either
that's not math of course the math
didn't work because because it's not
math
hashtag where's my $4,000 look of course
wages didn't go up $4,000 of course the
tax plan is unpopular because people are
looking at it what happened they cut
taxes by two trillion dollars for
high-income people and large
corporations and lo and behold we lost
two trillion dollars and now to to act
as though
well we who could have ever thought by
cutting these taxes that the deficit
would grow we have to go cut Social
Security I'm telling you if they attempt
to cut Social Security they're gonna be
run out of town in a landslide in in in
2011 when President Obama was attacking
spending this is what Paul Ryan and
Mitch McConnell had to say about it that
Bruce listen to this he doubles the debt
after his term in office and triples it
by the end of his budget he sends our
debt on an upward trajectory that is
completely unsustainable
what's reckless Bob is the one point six
trillion dollar deficit we're running
this year
now Bruce the reason I bring this up is
because we have all argued maybe you've
never been on the side of the argument
that said that sometimes deficits are a
good thing but we've seen deficits sort
of following every war that we've been
in in America and and some recessions
where the government has introduced
stimulus spending we last saw it after
the the most recent the Great Recession
so it's not some people don't have a
universal view about about debts and
deficits that sometimes they're useful
and sometimes they're not but it does
seem that consistently as you said over
the last 40 years Republicans are
consistently against running deficits
when they are not in control of the
levers and when they are in control of
the levers they seem to have far fewer
problems with it well that's exactly
right I mean remember back to the beat
the end of the Clinton administration
when we had budget surpluses and we had
surpluses because of legislation that
raised taxes that every Republican voted
against and then when the surplus
emerges emerged they tried to take
credit for it and George
w bush inherited those surpluses and the
very first thing he did was have a big
tax cut and then another big tax cut and
then another big tax cut if we had just
kept taxes and spending on automatic
pilot from January 2001 by the end of
the Bush administration we would have
paid off the national debt
so basically Republicans they just make
up these lies about the deficit they
love the deficit that is the truth of
the matter because that is what gives
them the political wherewithal to cut
spending which is what they really care
about and only spending that helps
people they want to increase spending
for the military and and and so they the
truth is they love deficits Austin what
happens next because Bruce is right
we're getting to a point where
conservative orthodoxy says if you're
running up deficits you're going to have
to cut we know that there are great
difficulties in cutting what we call
entitlement spending Social Security
Medicaid Medicare we know we're not
seeing any cuts to the military so we'll
start to see programs cut that are easy
to cut first but mitch mcconnell has
already sounded the drums about cutting
into entitlement programs if Americans
don't support this tax plan as it is are
they going to get on board with that
no of course they're not going to get on
board with it look I tell you what's
gonna happen two things are gonna happen
one is already started the Republican
Party has not learned anything from this
episode of tax cutting blowing up the
deficit they've already proposed what
they're calling tax reform 2.0 which is
another multi trillion dollar tax cut
for income people and big corporations
and then the second thing that you're
gonna see start to happen is they're
gonna try to cut entitlements and then
when it becomes so obvious that how
unpopular that is with the American
people they're gonna try to blame that
on Democrats so you you saw you've seen
them in the midterm elections here about
health care and Obama care the
Republicans trying to claim that they're
the ones trying to protect the ban on on
using pre-existing conditions
and that they're trying to extend health
care to all Americans when they have
actually been trying to repeal Obamacare
and get rid of those guys thanks for
helping me analyze this Austan Goolsbee
and Bruce Bartlett
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
