Ashley Parker a serious question that
speaks to the balance of action versus
reaction how did the Trump presidency
agenda advanced today that that's a good
question I think I don't really have a
great answer this is a White House that
is sort of even they will concede
privately given up on legislating and
they're just sort of responding to the
latest crisis last week was a week of
walk backs for instance sort of
yesterday the all capital letters tweet
on Iran changed the subject I guess
there's a world in which in a theory
among some close to the president where
they believe that that was a deliberate
distraction trying to and again it's not
necessarily a great tweet for him that
reassures the globe but it did sort of
he was getting criticized for being weak
on Russia and it was very tough Lee
worded and it sort of alleviated that
concern for him but if you talk to
people in the White House they don't
necessarily know there's a campaign
rally tomorrow or rally tomorrow they
don't necessarily know what the
president is going to say or what is
going to happen and so the legislative
agenda or just the agenda in general to
answer your question sort of gets
advanced with the passage of time but
not necessarily with a strategy
underlying any of that it's a terrific
answer in fact hey there i'm chris hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
