today a judge delayed testimony and Paul
mana for its trial by six days to allow
mana forts new lawyers more time to
review documents if those lawyers end up
appealing something in the mana fort
case all the way to the United States
Supreme Court it is possible that two
Trump appointed justices will hear that
appeal if Brett Kavanaugh is confirmed
and tonight Senate staffers are studying
judge Kavanagh has comments about
investigating presidents as those
staffers prepare for judge Cavanaugh's
confirmation hearing we are one day away
from the 44th anniversary of the Supreme
Court ruling in the Nixon case the
Supreme Court has just ruled on the
tapes controversy and here's the cause
that really anonymous decision is here
justice rehnquist took no part in the
decision the President of the United
States to turn over the tapes
I'm mr. Jaworski of course President
Nixon decided he had no choice he had to
obey that order he turned over the
Watergate tapes in just 15 days after
that ruling by the Supreme Court
President Nixon was forced to resign his
presidency in new documents released to
the Senate Judiciary Committee Supreme
Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh once
suggested that the Supreme Court may
have gotten the Nixon decision wrong in
a 1999 roundtable discussion Brett
Kavanaugh said quote but maybe Nixon was
wrongly decided
heresy though it is to say so Nixon took
away the power of the President to
control information in the executive
branch by holding that the courts had
power and jurisdiction to order the
President to disclose information in
response to a subpoena sought by a
subordinate executive branch official
that was a huge step with implications
to this day that most people did not
appreciate sufficiently maybe the
tension of the time led to an erroneous
decision but as The Associated Press
reports Brett Kavanaugh had a more
favorable assessment of the Nixon case
in a 2016 Law Review article in which he
wrote whether it was Marbury or
Youngstown or brown or Nixon some of the
greatest moments in American judicial
history have been when judges stood up
to the other branches were not cowed and
enforced the law that takes backbone or
what some call judicial engagement
joining our discussion now Juwan Banks
former assistant warden gates special
prosecutor in an MSNBC legal analyst and
Ron Klain the former chief of staff to
Vice President Joe Biden and Al Gore and
a former senior aide to President Obama
he's also a former chief counsel of the
Senate Judiciary Committee werner senate
confirmation hearings for Supreme Court
justices take place and Jill a little 44
year retros
there that you remember well the Supreme
Court decision and then the president
basically complying with the subpoena
that you and your associates had
directed toward the president's tapes
what do you make of what we're seeing in
Brett Cavanaugh's history on this
subject well first of all hearing that
announcement sent chills down my spine
in remembering the thrill of the victory
of winning that case and knowing that we
would get the tapes that was really an
amazing experience but Jill can I hold
you right there for a second because one
of the one of the notes that I didn't
remember until I just heard it was the
suspense question of would the president
comply and follow the decision issued by
the Supreme Court how much of that
suspense did you feel
we definitely worried about whether he
would and what we would do if he didn't
the same question as to how do you serve
a subpoena is how would you seize the
records how could you get into the White
House to get the tapes if he did not
comply that would have been an issue and
I think what worries me is that with
this president you don't know that he
has any respect for the rule of law and
that he might not comply that is a very
scary thing to think about I I worry
about that I really do and I think that
Judge Cavanaugh's comments are not only
unduly deferential to presidential power
but they ignore that giving that kind of
power to him as he would probably do
would make him a dictator or a king it
would not be someone who was functioning
under the rule of law the decision was
correctly decided it was a unanimous
decision with one abstention because of
a member of the court having been
appointed and worked on it and Ron Klain
you've worked on so many Senate
confirmations of Supreme Court justices
you come across snippets of comments
like this from the nominees at different
times sometimes they are hugely
meaningful sometimes not is there a way
of
weighing these Kavanagh comments well
look I think it's a very big deal
Lawrence because it's a comment on an
issue that is Jill suggested is front
and center in our civic life right now
is the president above the law does this
president intend to hold himself above
law can he be made accountable and if
Brett Kavanaugh means what he said in
1999 the install that would be no the
internet would be it would not take a
Saturday night massacre to get rid of
Bob Muller it would just take a Saturday
night email to get rid of Bob Muller if
Brett Kavanaugh is right about what he
said 1999 cuz his point
and that piece Lawrence is hey the
president can't be accountable can't be
forced to turn over information to any
subordinate offer an officer in the
executive branch and if that's the law
then Bob Muller is really standing on
Donovan thin ice no ice at all in Brett
Cavanaugh's view but Ron let me just go
to your experience with seeing this kind
of material income from the confirmation
process sometimes you see a statement
like that in 1999 in which he's in a
kind of panel discussion and he might be
speculating and might be being more
provocative in order to get a
conversation going and then you see
years later he's written something
that's very respectful of the Nixon case
putting it down with Marbury versus
Madison as one of the most important
cases that the Supreme Court should be
proud of how do you weigh those two
different things well I think you have
to look at the entire record here we
also have the piece that Cavanaugh wrote
that we discussed on your show the night
he was named where he said you know the
Prairie he now worked at the White House
the president really shouldn't be
bothered by investigations you put that
together and it's gonna be a very
significant thing and one of the things
or ins you know Brett Kavanaugh was
gonna sit in front of that committee and
he's gonna bark about respect for
precedent respect for president respect
for precedent but he was willing in 1999
to consider overturning an 8 to 0
decision of the Supreme Court that was
40 years old that was decided about the
same time as Roe vs. Wade so I think
this this quote from 1999 it's also
gonna go to the question of whether or
not he respects precedent and whether
he's willing to overturn a long-standing
Supreme Court decisions Jill what kind
of answer could
judge Cavanaugh given his confirmation
hearing that would satisfy you on this
subject there probably is none that will
satisfy me I see his comment as another
blinking red light that it should warn
us all and that the Republicans and
Democrats in red states should take very
seriously I think we need to make sure
and Ron wrote a wonderful article that
makes this point is that we need to see
the paper trail we need to see all of
the documents and the Republicans cannot
get away with saying oh thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
