don't forget Saudi Arabia is our partner
they're our ally against Iran and
against missiles and against what
they're doing trying to take over the
Middle East and by the way since I'm
here not succeeding they're heading down
the tubes if you look at what's going on
so Saudi Arabia and they have I can only
say I've been here for almost two years
they've been a great ally to me Donald
Trump had a lot to say about Saudi
Arabia today including this to the
Associated Press quote I think we have
to find out what happened first here we
go again you know you're guilty until
proven innocent I don't like that we
just went through that with justice
Cavanaugh and he was innocent all the
way as far as I'm concerned joining us
now is Democrat congressman Eric swell
well a member of the House Intelligence
and Judiciary Committee's congressman
good to see you thank you for being with
us you too Ali thanks trapped me back
look well I've spoken to a number of
members of Congress and Senators this
week where they have invoked the Global
Magnitsky Act to say there's been an
allegation of a human rights violation
in Saudi Arabia and the president is
going to have to take some action he is
going around and talking to everyone he
can talk to you to say how great the
Saudis are to us notwithstanding the
fact that he said he has no business
ties to them himself which isn't
entirely true
what does Congress need to press the
President on with respect to Saudi
Arabia well Ally Saudi Arabia may be a
kingdom but we are not we certainly are
not helpless in the Congress to allow
the president to align our country with
Saudi Arabia with these serious
questions about their conduct in this
journalist so in addition to Magnitsky
we can also you know press the president
to have the FBI formerly work with our
partners in the region to understand not
truly what happened where I don't think
we're getting anywhere near the truth on
this also it we could put a demand in
place that the Saudis produced this
journalists body you know the family
certainly deserves to have his remains
immediately or sanctions would be put in
place and also a new Congress I think in
a Democratic majority could understand
the full breadth of the president's
financial entanglements with the Saudis
had decades where they've invested in
his businesses bailed him out of
bankruptcy and he's both
about it in the past and we should know
if that has been a factor in his
decision making I mean that's kind of
fascinating that he tweeted out this
morning it's all blending together with
me that he has no business interest with
Saudi Arabia his decades of business
interests with Saudi Arabia in 1991 he
was bailed out by selling a yacht in
1995 the the Saudi government this
wasn't just a prince associated with the
Saudi governor the Saudi government
purchased an entire floor of Trump
global Tower across from the United
Nations for four and a half million
dollars in 2001 he was bailed out by a
crown pro by a prince who was close to
related to the Saudi royal house for
three hundred and twenty five million
dollars and then in the last couple of
years we know that sales that his hotels
have increased because of Saudis who
have been staying at them in order to
lobby the government in their interest
these are the kinds of things that you
would want Congress to investigate and
I've written legislation alley that
would tighten up the emoluments clause
in the Constitution now the courts are
allowing a lawsuit that senator
Blumenthal has brought forward and I and
many others are plaintiffs to to go
forward and but I have legislation that
would prevent the President and the Vice
President or anyone in their family from
benefiting financially at all during
their tenure in the White House from any
foreign national investment so I there's
a lot that we can do also Ally let me
just say I thought over the last 48
hours that maybe the president was
parroting the Saudis right but now that
I start to listen to the president's
defense I wonder if they are parroting
him because right they stay are sounding
a lot like what he said about the Trump
Tower meeting he didn't know that the
meeting took place right and so it
sounds like this is just kind of his
strategy of deny deny deny
and he's projecting that on to the
Saudis I want to show you just our
audience a couple other things that I
just mentioned the Trump hotels there's
been a two hundred and seventy five
thousand dollar increase in revenue at
Trump's DC hotel thanks to the Saudis in
New York a 13 percent increase in rental
revenue and in Chicago a 169 percent
increase in bookings all thanks to the
Saudis in 2015 President Trump brag
about receiving Saudi money for his
apartment so let's listen to that Saudi
Arabia and I get along great with all of
them they buy apartments from me they
spend 40 million 50 million am I
supposed to dislike them I like them
very much congressman you and I have
talked about the emoluments clause for
different reasons as it relates to the
Russia interference investigation this
is sort of what the emoluments Clause
was about don't take things of value
from foreign countries so that you're
not compromised when you actually have
to take a position about something those
foreign countries have done that are not
in your interests our founders
envisioned this problem long before it
has presented itself here you know we've
broken away from the British the French
had helped us they wanted to make sure
that we were not loyal to other
countries because they were investing in
US and also Ally you know the president
went over to Saudi Arabia it was his
first foreign visit you know and then
this bizarre blockade happened right
after he left were the Saudis and UAE
the Emiratis you know blocked Qatar from
Qatar Eze from going into Saudi Arabia
and the president bizarrely supported
this despite our largest base being over
in the Middle East in Qatar and so there
are a lot of strange connections between
the president and the Saudi government
that I think in new Congress could
understand and untangle and a lot of
strange things relating to financing on
buildings with the president the
president's family where he was or
wasn't getting it from other governments
stuff that you're going to look into one
of the things that I know you really
want to look into particularly if the
Democrats take the house in November is
the president's views on the mulher
investigation this is what he said to
Fox last night our Justice Department
and FBI played right into the hands with
a stupid investigation or whatever you
call it peoples have not under
investigation you know I'm not a target
of this investigation which nobody ever
likes to say but but it played right
into their hands because if they want to
so they use the word so chaos so case
they got it for nothing they didn't do
it if they've got it for nothing we did
it to ourselves
Devon Nunez and if they came out with a
ruling there was no coercion what
happens if the Democrats win in November
with respect to that discussion we
protect the molar investigation we fill
in the gaps where the Republicans buried
the evidence on the House Intelligence
Committee and you know we don't just do
things to dance in the end zone and do
things you know we do things to be
productive and tell the American people
the awareness they need so that an
adversary like Russia or any other
country can't do this again and
hopefully unlike what happened in the
last two years we do this with
bipartisan buy-in because my Republican
colleagues will see so many of their
friends have lost their seats for not
being willing to stand up to the
president congressman good to see was
always thanks for joining us and Eric
swell well thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
