Pete Williams has just arrived outside
the courtroom from inside Pete what have
you got well the judge has agreed to
delay the start of this trial about
eight days he the trial was supposed
let's see now it was actually supposed
to be Wednesday's the trial was supposed
to start Wednesday the 25th he has
agreed to postpone the beginning to July
31st okay the judge said that there were
equities and reasons on both sides you
would call here Ali what the defense
lawyers were saying is that the
prosecution the government ballers team
had dumped a hundred and twenty thousand
pages of new documents on them in just
the last couple of weeks many of them
coming from the laptop computer and
another electronic device that was owned
by Richard gate to Advent Paul Mann
affords business partner and will be a
key witness in this case what the
defense said could be the heart of the
case and they said they just haven't had
time to go through all of this now
Muller's prosecutors had said look a lot
of this is is Manafort business
documents you should be familiar with
what they are but nonetheless the judge
has agreed to delay the start of this
trial until July 31st now in terms of
timing the judge has never said yet how
long he expects the trial to take but
the lawyers involved in the case have
indicated they think it'll probably take
about three weeks so it's not gonna
start on Wednesday with jury selection
it'll be delayed until July 31st Olle
all right anything other than the fact
that obviously the defense would like to
have more time to gather information is
there anything meaningful about a delay
from this Wednesday to next Tuesday no
and in fact that's what it's based on
you know what the judge here is worried
is he wants to make sure that he's fair
to both sides he also doesn't want to
make some trial ruling that would be
grounds for an appeal so he's being very
cautious here remember this trial has
already been delayed twice it was to
start earlier this month the judge on
his own motion delayed it apparently
some family issue and then because of
another conflict with another hearing in
the in the separate case in the District
of Columbia that was delayed another day
so this is in essence the third delay in
the start of this trial so I think it
would be it would have to it would it
would there would have to be something
extremely important to come up to delay
it again so it does look like the start
date will be July 31st all right Pete
thanks very much hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
