remember Iran has been under tremendous
pressure lately and things are likely to
get worse with the United States
preparing to reimpose sanctions next
month against that backdrop president
rouhani went after Trump Sunday in a
speech to Iranian diplomats saying quote
mr. Trump don't play with a lion's tail
this would only lead to regret America
should know that peace with Iran is the
mother of all peace and war with Iran is
the mother of all wars in response to
that president Trump delivered a Twitter
threat in all-caps quote to Iran an
Iranian president rouhani never ever
threatened the United States again or
you will suffer consequences the likes
of which few throughout history have
ever suffered before we are no longer a
country that will stand for your
demented words of violence and death be
cautious well well that might seem a
little over the top here's the thing
it's not unusual at all remember he
threatened her with Korea in the past
but this time the administration may be
ready to do more than talk at the same
time the president was tweeting his
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was
giving a speech in California where he
sent a message to the people inside Iran
the proud Iranian people are not staying
silent about their governments many
abuses and the United States under
President Trump will not stay silent
either
the line of these protests in 40 years
of regime tear tyranny I have a message
for the people of Iran Dhin the United
States hears you the United States
supports you the United States is with
you
Iran's government says the u.s. is just
trying to meddle in its affairs but the
truth is Iran's leadership may be more
vulnerable than it has been in quite
some time
Iran's currency has collapsed and its
unemployment rate has risen above 12
percent all while the Iranian government
spends billions in places like Syria as
a result the country has been plagued
with anti-government protests for many
months on Sunday Pompeo stopped just
short of calling for a full-blown
revolution but drew parallels to
America's own experience with oppressive
leaders when the United States sees the
shoots of Liberty pushing up the rocky
storm we pledge our solidarity because
we too took a hard first step towards
becoming a free country a few years back
while it is ultimately up to the Iranian
people to determine the right direction
of their country the United States in
the spirit of our own freedoms will
support the long ignored voice of the
Iranian people hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
