you see Newspoll half of those polled
disapprove of how President Trump
handled his summit with Vladimir Putin
last week 33 percent approve one in
three and 56% say they disapprove of
president Trump's expressing doubt about
US intelligence agencies collusion that
Russia tried to influence the outcome of
the 2016 election 29 percent say they
approve so John Heilemann does are
fairly low numbers only 29 percent
approve of his questioning the US Intel
community that's pretty good
and we'll only one-third approve of his
performance in Helsinki maybe there is
hope yet that this president is not
going to be allowed to adopt Soviet era
style attitudes towards NATO yeah that's
not the Republican base there though Joe
that's the that is the that's the
irreducible Trump base basically that's
approving of his performance no sinky
and it is attacks on the intelligence
community I will say that you know you
made a reference earlier in the show to
the fact that we pay attention to the
Trump base we should pay attention to
the Trump base and the Trump voters and
I agree with you we should but over the
weekend I think your friend Nate Silver
tweeted something out or said something
somewhere that I read about how he's old
enough to remember an election cycle
what all we talked about was independent
voters as well we focused on swing
voters independent voters what the
independent voter was thinking I believe
that election cycle was 2016 and now not
even two years later all we talk about
is the Trump boat or the Trump base how
solid is it one of the Trump voters
thinking again with no disrespect to
them and with a clearer eye of any
political scientist or political analyst
has to pay attention to that it is weird
that we are not paying more attention to
the majority of Americans who do
disapprove of this president do disprove
who that is his behavior on the world
stage and importantly those voters in
the middle of the electorate independent
voters who are going to make the
difference this November not the Trump
base well yeah and and I agree with my
good friend Nate Silver thank you for
you know identifying him properly but I
identify with my good friend Nate Silver
that
Donald Trump and I've always talked
about it
there's 33% I mean he on this issue he's
got one out of three voters he's got the
Trump base even in his best days he's
still in the minority he's got 40%
whatever people talk to me about how the
world's coming to an end and uh we won't
survive this I know Joe you say we're
always going to survive but but we won't
survive this yes yes we will Donald
Trump is on his better days of 40%
president on days like today on this
issue he's you he's got one out of the
that still the minority of voters in
America and Mike Barnicle as bleak as
things seem when Donald Trump goes off
the cliff and again adopts the foreign
policy of Soviet KGB spies towards NATO
you can bet that the majority of
Americans are going to keep their heads
punish him and punish those who were
covering up for him and Vladimir Putin
yeah Joe I agree with you we are gonna
survive this and I also agree oddly
enough with John Heilemann who raised an
important point a parity holy moly what
happened I know there is I think oddly
enough a new silent majority out there
is people in the middle in this country
sitting there observing everything every
day what we say on these shows what they
hear what they read and I don't think
they're going anywhere near Donald Trump
right now they're just sitting there
they're the deciders and Walter you live
in the country you live in New Orleans
I think the issue of a new silent
majority is a fascinating one because I
was just out in California and the West
down in Louisiana you do see this
growing thing has never been it hasn't
been tapped into yeah as sort of like
hey we're more sensible in this country
I was wondering who could possibly
harness that because you you got to
figure out what type of midterm
candidate
type of presidential cash could harness
this new silent majority you talk about
well and you know Mike I've been to
Middle America I've been off the beaten
path I went to sconce at last week I I
have been to where the heart of America
beats the strongest but you know in
Northwest Florida it's very interesting
a lot of people I've talked to actually
that voted for Donald Trump and of
course if Donald Trump were lucky enough
to draw Hillary Clinton again which you
won't they would vote for Donald Trump
again they're not going to do anything
that they think helps some media but our
helps Nancy Pelosi or helps fill in the
blank at the same time there is a sense
of exhaustion yes which is he's just you
know he's making me so tired even in red
state America where I was born and
raised I talked to my friends they're
just exhausted by it all and there's not
going to be I mean it's just it's not
going to be as simple as Donald Trump
versus Hillary Clinton Donald Trump
versus the editorial page of the New
York Times Donald Trump versus MSNBC you
know it never works out that way in
politics it's just things are getting be
much more difficult for him this fall so
Joe ask you a quick let me ask you a
quick question as a political strategist
right if that's right if there's a big
solid majority there's also a big
animated democratic base that hates
Donald Trump right so we're headed in
the midterm elections and you're now the
chief strategist for the D Triple C or
the DSCC
how do you deal with that with the
strategic conundrum of I got it right I
got to get the base out if we're gonna
win this if we're going to take back
control of either house of Congress but
I also really want to appeal to the
silent majority because there's a lot
more of them than there are people who
were in the Democratic base on the left
that seems to me to be a real
fundamental strategic challenge go
what's the solution well you talked
about my good friend Nate silver one of
the and he is thank you for identifying
Nate as my good friend he is debate Nate
Silver's website 5:30
had a fascinating article a couple of
weeks ago where they found the one
district in America or maybe it was the
one County in America that Barack Obama
won by 20 points and that Donald Trump
won by 20 points mistake and it was in
Iowa biggest swing in America what were
the three issues one money in politics
to healthcare and I'm sorry right now
three is escaping me I think it's I
think it was tax loopholes it's very
simple you win this election if you're a
Democrat like parties out of power have
always wanted like shion's you talk
about corruption and the Trump
administration that's really easy when
you look at the list of cabinet agencies
that have been run by corrupt people who
have already been kicked out of office
that's number one number two you talk
about health care Donald Trump promised
you and me and your children and my
children better health care coverage
that was going to be cheaper there was
going to be more exclusive now they're
trying to take away pre-existing
condition coverage and they haven't
replaced health care health care is much
worse today much more expensive than it
was before and it's only going to get
worse between now and the election so
you've got corruption one number two you
talk about health care and number three
loopholes the most damning thing that I
would put if I were running against the
Republican that voted for Trump's tax
cuts I would get his exact verb eight
from the night after he signed the tax
cuts he flew down in a 757 jet went down
to mortal hago got off the plane went he
went to moral hago and he was surrounded
by billionaires and What did he say to
those billionaires I just made you a lot
of money today
he signed tax cuts for billions
billionaire friends you put those three
things together nobody's gonna be
talking about Russia nobody's going to
be talking about the economy they're
going to be going after Donald Trump's
corrupt Republican Party how's that work
for you sounds pretty good to me sounds
like you're great stop maybe if there's
there's a job opening at the d-triple-c
you
think you're ready to take it no I'm
good again ah he's a small lady here in
the heart of I'm a dumb country lawyer
I'm going to stay right here in the
heart of America next we're gonna bring
in USA Today Susan page of the
editor-in-chief of Politico magazine
whose new piece is titled why I am no
longer a Russia gate skeptic fascinating
article we'll bring it to you when we
return thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
