first foremost it started about 1:30 in
Newton division shooting occurred where
the suspects who is now thankfully we
can confirm in custody in the hands of
LAPD and being treated by the fire
department I'll give you more details
about that in a moment but shot his god
to some sort of argument as we
understand and shot his grandmother
multiple times we think as many as seven
times another woman who was there also
sustained some wound either then or
gunfire wound or later on as he pulled
her into his grandmother's car LAPD was
able to follow that car
using technology with LoJack that car
came through Hollywood division he fired
at police officers and without the back
of his car window as I understand the
borderline of Hollywood and Northeast
Division and then again the officers
that were in pursuit were able to follow
him to here and then he crashed right
next to the Trader Joe's it was there
where there was an exchange of gunfire
the suspect was wounded and his left arm
and he went inside I regret to inform
you that there is one fatality that
occurred inside of a woman we will have
details forthcoming but of course family
notification and trying to figure out
more details we don't have anything more
than that but she was pulled out by the
police department from the store Fire
Department was able to take her treat
her on site but she was pronounced here
on sight
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
