good evening from New York I'm Chris
Hayes we are now just 21 days three
weeks from midterm elections that will
reveal whether the much-discussed blue
wave is real and whether it is big
enough to deliver one or even both
houses of Congress the Democrats tonight
new evidence that should give Democrats
some reason to worry and crucially light
a fire under those who believe Congress
should be a check on Donald Trump and
not a rubber stamp that evidence and
analysis from NBC News the New York
Times polling gurus in just a moment but
first the latest on the natural
landscape this three days three weeks
before Election Day 538 now estimating
Democrats have an 84 percent chance to
win control the house and a 19% chance
to beat the odds and take the Senate for
their part Trump the Republicans have
been using combination of fear-mongering
and well outright lying as they try to
keep their grip on power nowhere was the
misrepresentation more rampant than when
it comes to health care a debate last
night for example in Arizona Republican
Senate candidate Martha McSally who
voted as a member of Congress to repeal
Obamacare and weaken protections for
people with pre-existing conditions had
this to say I voted to protect people
with pre-existing conditions to make
sure insurance companies were forced to
give them health care we cannot go back
to where we were before Obamacare where
people were one diagnosis away from
going bankrupt because they could not
get access to health care okay but
here's what mcsalley actually voted for
a bill to replace Obamacare in which
insurers would be able to charge people
significantly more if they had a
pre-existing condition like heart
disease cancer diabetes or arthritis
possibly requiring people to pay
thousands of dollars extra every year to
remain insured even more egregious was a
comment today from the Senate Republican
leader Mitch McConnell who said this
with an entirely straight face what's
going on with the debt it's very
disturbing and it's driven by the three
big entitlement programs that are very
popular Medicare Social Security and
Medicaid there's a lot there to unpack
for just to be clear that is the leader
the Republicans in the Senate promising
to come for Medicare Social Security and
Medicaid if Republicans hold on to power
he added the deficit and debt are quote
disappointing but it's not a Republican
problem which is an impressive display
of hood spa since we just learned the
deficit has swelled to the larger
it's been in six years and that's due
largely if not almost entirely to the
tax cuts primarily for corporations and
the rich but Republicans push through
while insisting time and time again and
despite all evidence to the contrary the
bill would actually reduce the deficit
now as for the midterms Democrats have
reason for optimism particularly in the
house an 11 point lead in the generic
rational ballot according to one recent
poll and a massive really remarkable
fundraising advantage with 90 percent of
Democrats in top races out raising their
Republican rivals but GOP mega donor
Sheldon Adelson and his wife Miriam
donated 32 million dollars to boost GOP
candidates just last month alone and
some new data from our own NBC news shop
suggests uncertainty of where the Blue
Wave will materialize and a mixed
picture in battleground states to
explain I want to bring in John Lipinski
director of the NBC News elections unit
also with me Nate Kohn who covers
elections polling and demographics the
New York Times and has been doing
remarkable work polling competitive
House races and Senate races good to
have you both here the data on voter
registration you guys have all this all
this data on voter registration what's
it look like so one of the things that
we found that was really interesting was
is that when we looked at the 2016 data
versus the 2018 data there was a lot of
similarities and so the very first thing
that we saw is when we looked at the
number of Democrats and Republicans
actually registering from 2016 to 18
they were almost identical Wow and so
what was really interesting we thought
there was is like you look at the
numbers and looks like wow it's good
news for the Democrats because there's
more Democrats that are registering but
we said the same thing in 2016 right
although we should also say it's not
quite apples to apples because it's a
midterm versus of presidential and you
would expect presidentials to push more
people towards right absolutely so in
raw numbers there's actually less there
at about 25 million new people who have
registered or updated their status in
2018 versus about 40 million in in 2016
so you're absolutely right you're gonna
get less but what we really care about
is looking at the partisanship because
when you know it's all about the ground
game press and so you know we really
want to see is like well what is the
rate of Democrats versus Republicans
actually registering and they're the you
know they're strikingly similar from
2016 8 to 18
you have been you guys have been pulling
in all these races and you got this
amazing thing where you're doing these
sort of live polls you can kind of watch
them happen there was a sort of
narrative about the kind of Cavanaugh
effect to this sort of catalyzing effect
that it was charging the Republican base
now that we're a week plus out from that
what trends are you seeing now well I
wish I could answer this in a week
actually I feel like the last two days
just watching the news I feel like these
are the first two days that feel truly
post cabbage yeah I agree I would say
though that in our polling we saw
several seemingly contradictory things
that happen the same time we saw support
for Cavanaugh plummet we saw the
president's approval rating at the same
time tick up and we saw that the
Republicans started doing better in red
and conservative-leaning areas that has
helped cushion their advantage in the
Senate and well I wouldn't say that it
you know materially undermined
Democratic chances of retaking the house
I do think it's sort of you know
protects the Republicans a bit against
some of the worst case scenarios maybe
they can lose 50 seats or something like
that and to be clear it's quite possible
that after another week I'll come back
to you and say actually we've had a
reversion back to what we sort of saw
before have it on much more
characteristics of the special elections
of the last year right where Democrats
routinely succeeded in breaking through
in deeply conservative areas how I mean
everyone I know I think has like 2016
PTSD in a variety of different ways I
mean obviously the there was a lot of
people were very confident that there
was gonna be one outcome that was not
the outcome that happened how how well
do you feel like you're modeling this
race I think that there are some things
that are really I wouldn't say that
they're easy to get right but we have
had a year of special and general
election sensed from which our actual
results all thing there are actual
turnouts and many of the polls you know
we're actually pretty good throughout
that period for one thing but yes just
out of that data we have a good sense of
who's likely or to vote that in the past
and who isn't and you know there's
strong evidence that turnout among
well-educated voters and well-educated
Democrats in particular is going to be
up a lot so that's one really important
thing that I think that we understand
well but then I think is harder to
understand that this election is about
individual races I mean in a
presidential race we get dozens of polls
of each of these battleground district
and so we're like Clinton's ahead by two
and fray the poles could be wrong but
like we know what's happening in Florida
today we cannot say that about really
any of the House races and we certainly
can't say much about you know the races
that will decide that well and there's
huge gaps and one of the thing that's
interesting about the voter registration
data it's another sort of form of
tangible data that we can get and and
there's sort of differences in states
like Florida Indiana Montana for
instance where you're not seeing the
same trends uniformly across it is
absolutely that is actually a hundred
percent true what we're seeing is in
some places you know the Democrats are
doing great so for example tester you
know when you're actually looking at
that registration data if we're thinking
about Senate races his numbers are way
up from 2016 but then you go to Florida
and the numbers are essentially the same
as 2016 and then you go to Indiana and
Donnelly the red democratic numbers are
actually down and we're seeing that you
know again we poured into this target
smart data we're seeing that in Senate
races we're looking at how House races
and we're not seeing something that's
uniform across the board and even as you
said we had all these special elections
and primaries and everything in 2016
what we saw is a lot of sort of
enthusiasm of people who are regular
general election voters and what we're
seeing in this registration data is
something that maybe makes us take a
little bit of a step back thinking that
maybe this wave that we you know a lot
of people think that they might be seen
may be it's certainly not a uniform one
at least from what we're looking at the
registration data we're gonna be pouring
into the early voting data in the next
couple weeks to see what we find one
thing we have seen is in midterms
recently the the things have moved in
sort of increasingly national ways
particularly towards the end we saw that
happened in 2006 we thought it happened
2010 24 2014 is that your sort of
understanding of the basic structural
facts of how politics and elections work
I think that's a reasonable description
of what has happened in some recent
strike cycles I'm not sure whether I
would be confident about saying that's
how you know elections always work or
how we can expect them to work and we're
pretty late at this point you know in
2006 a lot of the way that's sort of
broken by now
and the other thing I would know is that
there's a distinction between what's
happening at the national level and what
happens in individual house territories
and you know the generic ballot is well
established to be very strong for the
Democrats right now does that mean that
over the final few weeks as the
Democrats deployed this massive
financial advantage that they will
succeed
and persuading undecided voters to their
side I mean I think that's quite
possible but it's a sort of thing that I
think it's hard to assume will happen
just cuz it's happened in the past all
right John Lipinski and Nate Kahn thank
you both for being with me hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
