then he should try curtseying that's fun
too good morning welcome to am joy
remember everybody loves raymond the hit
TV series made it star Ray Romano the
biggest draw at the American Century
celebrity golf championship back in 2006
despite Donald Trump's presence amid the
success of the Celebrity Apprentice also
in attendance at that tournament adult
film star stormy Daniels and Karen
McDougal a former Playboy model ten
years and one presidential run later
that celebrity golf match would come
back to hot Donald Trump since it was at
that tournament where those two women
say they each had sexual encounters with
him in stormy Daniels case a one-off
that she would later describe as less
than spectacular and in MacDougall's
case a month-long affair not long after
Trump's wife Melania gave birth to their
son both women would also claimed they
were the recipients of hush money during
Trump's presidential campaign to keep
the affairs secret Donald Trump has
denied any knowledge of payments made to
stormy Daniels or Karen McDougal
but Michael Cohen his former lawyer and
fixer apparently has receipts the New
York Times reported this week that Cohen
secretly recorded a conversation between
himself and Donald Trump in which they
discussed payments to Ms mcdougal or to
the National Enquirer for her story just
two months before the presidential
election and by the way contrary to what
Donald Trump may want we will not be
veering off the metastasizing Helsinki
debacle later in the show MSNBC zone
Rachel Maddow will break down this week
in Trump and I will talk with Bill
Browder one of the men Trump considered
handing over to Putin but for now let's
bring in Sam Nunn Berg former Trump
campaign adviser and Michael avenatti
attorney for stormy Daniels gentlemen
thank you both for being here I'm gonna
start with you on this Sam Donald Trump
this morning of course woke up and
started tweeting saying it's
inconceivable that the government break
into a lawyer's office early in the
morning I don't know that I think it's
evil almost unheard of but he then goes
on to say almost more even more Inc
well that a lawyer would tape a client
totally unheard of and perhaps illegal
should Donald Trump knowing both of
these men should Donald Trump have been
surprised that Michael Cohen taped their
calls Donald Trump have been surprised
well I think he could be surprised that
hit Michael would tape it it wasn't even
a call it was in person in person he
should be surprised however the way
Michael was treated and what Michael was
being asked to do during the campaign
Michael thought rightly that he had to
protect himself I mean he had not been
treated well during the campaign yeah
through multiple through the multiple
iterations of Management with that said
and going by reporting of Emily Jane Fox
having spoken to Maggie Haberman myself
and speaking to my attorney Patrick
Brackley
if I don't think this was the right move
by by the president's legal team to have
leaked this tape so you think that these
tapes were leaked by Donald Trump's side
well I think well it certainly wasn't
Michael and we know that this was
considered privileged by the Special
Master who reviewed this yeah and I
think that here this was something where
look Lanny Davis who Michael has hired
with somebody who's Steve ban and
reached out to when he was thinking of
starting a war room about how to process
this right now our position positions of
people that don't think that the
president should be impeached for
collusion or because the Russians medal
we can get into that right now but our
position is that something along these
lines I understood the president's
thinking is why are we investigating
this why arai would this come out
however this could hurt the president
for a couple of reasons including
possibly Muller looking into who leaked
this tape yeah and what was the point or
the intent of leaking this tape and the
motive
could it be seen as obstruction well
mother thinks a lot of things could be
seen as yes because could leaking these
tapes to sort of influence the outcome
of this investigation in your view be
seen as potentially not in my time I
think there's a legal question yeah
about it I don't want to say it is it
well let me ask Michael Evan Oddie that
question because Michael I don't know a
if you agree with Sam that the
likelihood is and with some of the
reporting Emily Jim Fox I'm Rachel
Maddow talked about this last night it's
her theory as well that this actually
was leaked by the Trump side for
whatever reason do you
agree that that is the most likely the
case no I completely disagree I think
it's pretty obvious that this tape was
leaked by Michael Cohen side and in my
view was a final shot across the bow if
you will at Donald Trump to send a
message that time is running out and if
Donald Trump does not bring Michael
Cohen into the tent or try to protect
him serious consequences are going to
result I completely disagree that it
makes no sense for the White House to
have leaked this tape I think it was
leaked by Michael Cohen side for the
reason that I mentioned earlier and let
me just say this joy you know that old
adage you live by the sword you die by
the sword
Donald Trump knew for the better part of
a decade that Michael Cohen had a
tendency to tape record conversations
with adversaries and others and to hold
on to those recordings he knew that and
in fact Michael Cohen bragged about it
from very at various times to Donald
Trump and others so it should come as no
surprise to Donald Trump that he's
included within the group that was taped
and so back to you on that then Sammy if
in fact this was a sign from Michael
Cohen he is prepared to flip there's
there's there is some reporting out
there that he's had it right he'd spoke
to our own Reverend Al Sharpton for a
couple of hours over the last couple of
days and this is what Reverend Al said
and I'm sorry to switch out my producers
here this is cut three this is what
Reverend Al said about his conversation
with Michael who he's known for a long
time I think Michael Cohen is made it
very clear to me this morning that he is
not going to be some sacrificial lamb
for something that was done wrongly did
he say he was cooperating no did he say
how that was gonna manifest no but he
very clearly said that he is
disappointed in the president where he's
turned how he's turned out in terms of
attacking the media that he wanted me to
know that he was going to do what was
right for the country as a patriot and
you know you get the sense that he's
really done a lot of soul-searching in
this I left there
feeling that he is definitely going to
say what he knows and means what he says
well whoever ended up leaking this tape
do you believe Sam that Michael Cohen is
now going to turn on and flip on Donald
Trump well I certainly do as a result of
his interview with George Stephanopoulos
and as a result of hiring Lanny Davis I
think that Michael has decided that he
has to do what's best for him finally in
his relationship with the president with
that said the president here is trying
to preempt whatever Michaels going to do
and look the president we let's we as
Republicans we don't necessarily have to
worry about passed into you know
transgressions of the president's
personal life I don't think we I think
Republicans specifically evangelicals we
made a deal I'll stand by him no matter
what right because judges because of
certain foreign policy moves things like
that that we believe that this is not
the perfect vessel but this is what we
are getting the perfect return on the
investment so that's what I think and I
think Michael has to do what's best for
Michael and I can tell you that once
again this they should have thought of
this but I my view if they leaked it the
president's legal team should have
thought of the ramifications from a
legal point of view and for what
possibly happens if let's say Jerry
Nadler is the chair of the House
Judiciary after the elections well let's
talk about some of the legal
consequences potentially Michael because
you represent the other woman who was at
that 2006 golf tournament at Stephanie
Clifford aka stormy Daniels who was the
other woman who was allegedly paid for
her silence in your view what are the
legal consequences of at least getting
confirmation that Donald Trump in the
months before the election at least
discussed openly discussed with his then
lawyer the idea of the other woman Karen
McDougal being paid well joy I wanna I
want to make a couple things clear first
of all this is not the only tape with
Donald Trump's voice on it with Michael
Cohen I know that for a fact and I want
to be really clear about it
that's why I demanded release of all of
the what I coined at the time the Trump
tapes back in late May and we've
repeated that demand in my view all of
these audio recordings should be
released to the American people but from
a legal perspective the issue is that if
Donald
Trump knew that Michael Cohen was going
to be making payments on his behalf or
others were going to be making payments
on his behalf in order to influence the
2016 election that may in fact
constitute evidence of direct campaign
finance violations which can be criminal
in nature it could also provide evidence
relating to money laundering bank fraud
wire fraud and a host of other potential
crimes or charges relating to that
conduct I want to I want to go back to
something though that was touched on you
know thus far the only person that I've
seen Donald Trump show any loyalty to in
his life is Vladimir Putin unfortunately
it's a very short list it's a short list
of one it should have been a short list
of at least two and the second person on
that list should have been Michael Cohen
if there was anyone on the face of the
planet that Donald Trump should have
made sure was in the tent made sure was
protected made sure was loved watered
and cared for it should have been
Michael Cohen and he didn't do that and
I think the result of that is going to
be disastrous for the president and I
want to go back just before you you
touched on it and I want to come back to
it really quickly Michael you say you
know for certain that there are other
tapes that Michael Cohen made with
Donald Trump's voice on them do you know
the nature of those other discussions
I'm not gonna get into I'm not at
liberty to get into the details of those
conversations now but there's multiple
tapes there was a host of evidence that
was seized in connection with these
raids that evidence at least a copy of
which has now been returned to Michael
Cohen there's nothing stopping Michael
Cohen from releasing that information
divulging it to the American public and
I hope that he does it in to the extent
that I can assist or others can assist
in the disclosure of that information to
the American people we're going to do it
Lanny Davis the attorney for Michael
Cohen tweeted out obviously there's an
ongoing investigation we're sensitive to
that suffice it to say that when the
recording is heard it will not hurt
Michael Cohen any attempt to spin cannot
change that on the tape do you think
Lanny Davis is doing a good job
representing Michael Cohen and Michael
avenatti would you ever consider
representing Michael Cohen do you want
me to answer that yet Michael well you
know I already
asked me about that yesterday and and I
said that I would consider it I want to
be really clear because there's only a
limited set of facts or circumstances
under which I could or would do that it
would necessitate obviously Michael
Cohen being dismissed from the current
litigation between him and my client
he's a co-defendant with Donald Trump we
would have to settle him out and then it
would have to be some very tight
parameters around that representation we
would have to have a waiver from my
client who I think would ultimately
provide it and it would have to be in
writing and the only way that I would
agree to do that I want to be really
really clear about this joy the only way
that I would agree to do it is if I had
a hundred percent confidence that
Michael Cohen was ready to do the right
thing fully disclose what he knew about
the president and if he sought my
assistance in bringing that information
to the American people and divulging it
all putting it all on the table for
people to see under those limited set of
circumstances I would consider it Sam
you know you've talked very openly about
Donald Trump's of abusing his friends
and not being loyal to them you were
right do you think that ultimately
Donald Trump's biggest regret is gonna
be mistreating Michael Cohen
it could be look all he had to do was
give Michael a position in the White
House it didn't even have to be in the
West Wing it could have been an EOB
there were many other people that got
positions that were not you know
necessarily around early on in the
campaign and we're in fact working
against this president and his campaign
as I recall when I was there Michael one
of the main reasons Michael did not get
the position as I've repeatedly said was
because Jared Kushner lobbied against it
because Michael gave the president good
advice saying you I would recommend that
you do not bring in Jared because you
can have a lot of exposure yeah and so
when Michael and Eddie and when you say
look he hasn't been loyal to many I
would say he's been overly loyal to
Jared and that could also be part of the
downfall here when we find out once
again I think Lanny Davis may even
perhaps come out saying we didn't leak
this tape and if he says that yeah that
gives a lot of exposure to the Trump
team which is why I was very surprised
by this because as opposed to many
others I
said from the beginning that I thought
Rudy was doing a great job this could be
a big mistake yeah and and well on the
rudy giuliani front you've been very
critical Michael avenatti of Rudy
Giuliani's representation of Trump what
do you make of his statements attempting
to mitigate the the impact of this tape
I thought they were word um quite
honestly I don't understand what he's
doing I I continue to be perplexed by
exactly what Rudy Giuliani is doing you
know he used to be a great lawyer used
to be a good spokesperson I think he's
been nothing but a walking disaster for
the President and for their legal
approach to this I don't understand why
he would say that there's no way this
tape is exculpatory meaning provides
evidence of mr. Trump's innocence that's
a ridiculous assertion I don't know why
he would say that but let me just say
this of all the decisions that this
president has made over the last 24
months joy I think the decision to place
Michael Cohen on an island and not take
care of him and not keep him close will
go down as one of the worst if not the
worst decision that he made rare
agreement between Michael avenatti and
Sam Nunn Berg on that point they agree
on a lot of stuff sometimes yo there you
go well not so rare agreement between
these two gentlemen Michael have a
knotty same number thank you both for
being here for you and coming up next
the latest on the treason week but as we
go to break the clip that you saw at the
top of the show of Everybody Loves
Raymond featured this little basketball
star you see her there number 9 who also
happens to be Rebecca Tsai who now that
she's all grown up is also the woman who
produced this segment yes their dreams
of the control-room waving and she's
embarrassed but we love her stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
