from the indictment of Russian million
to military intelligence officers that
was was released a week ago today there
is something that has been sticking in
my craw this is the part of the
indictment that I'm talking about quote
it says in or around September 2016 the
conspirators meaning Russian military
intelligence they also successfully
gained access to DNC computers hosted on
a third party cloud computing service
these computers contained test
applications related to the Democratic
Party's analytics now the indictment
says that the Russians in military
intelligence the GRU officers they took
snapshots of that data they stole that
data from the Democratic Party but if
the Russians did that if they were able
to steal basically the math from the
Democrats campaign the analytics the the
strategy as Democrats had planned it out
that late in the game in September 2016
once they had it that would put Russian
intelligence in a position to deploy
that information directly themselves to
help Trump win or conceivably they could
hand that over to the Trump campaign so
the Trump campaign could you know make
its plans accordingly altered their own
plans to account for having the
Democrats game plan stolen for them by
Russian military intelligence this is
what's sticking in my craw from the
indictment again we know that particular
hack of the analytics of the DNC it
happened September 2016 what happened
right after that well in early October
the Trump campaign surprisingly
announced a radical change in its
campaign strategy campaign spokesman
saying quote you see the date there
October 7th quote our data-driven
campaign is shifting resources from
over-performing markets to new
battlegrounds within the battlegrounds
they canceled more than 1.6 million
dollars of ad buys in a traditional
battleground states instead for the
first time they started buying campaign
ads in places they'd never campaigned
before like Wisconsin they started
increasing their time and focus on
michigan and ever since the Trump
campaign has bragged about the genius
behind that late campaign shift behind
that decision I took every nickel and
dime I could out of anywhere else and I
moved it to Michigan in Wisconsin
and I started buying advertising digital
TV but you began to make the decision am
I correct to send Trump in there
I started definitely giving people
saying we need to go and maybe it really
was just pure lightning bolt genius and
part of that data-driven strategy in
those states was digital ads aimed at
shrinking rather than expanding the
electorate aimed at keeping Hillary
voters at home they senior Trump
official told Bloomberg at the time
quote we have three major voter
suppression operations underway these
efforts are aimed at three groups that
Clinton needs to win overwhelmingly
idealistic white liberals young women
and African Americans I mean whether
that shrink the electorate strategy had
anything to do with the fact that
somebody had hacked the Clinton
campaigns and the Democratic Party's
data and had all their analytics but
obviously we don't know but as top
Clinton campaign team members are now
pointing out quote if they had access to
our data from the September analytics
hack they'd have a great roadmap for how
to do that for how to suppress the
Hillary Clinton vote that she needed in
order to win so there's that fight
playing out now on new terms given what
we've learned from that that big
indictment but I want to point out
another underappreciated and nerve
rattling portion of this last molar
indictment that's next
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
