do you hold Russia at all accountable
for anything in particular yes I do I
hold both countries responsible I think
that the United States has been foolish
I do feel that we have both made some
mistakes that right there started donald
trump's troublesome week but it ends on
a very different scandal more now on our
top story tonight two months out from
the election michael cohen recorded a
conversation he had with donald trump in
which the two men discussed a payment to
former Playboy model Karen McDougal who
alleges she had a 10-month affair with
Trump in 2006 and 2007 the Justice
Department is investigating Michael
Cohen's involvement in paying women to
tamp down embarrassing news stories
about Trump ahead of the 2016 election
as the New York Times reports
prosecutors want to know whether that
violated federal campaign finance laws
and any conversation with mr. Trump
about those payments would be of keen
interest to them
legal experts have told The Washington
Post that Michael Cohen's recording this
could be a goldmine for federal
investigators joining us now is Harry
Lippmann former federal prosecutor and
Deputy Assistant Attorney General under
President Clinton and back with us Joyce
Vance Harry a goldmine could they
potentially be that yeah it could
potentially be that first in general
tapes are always the strongest kind of
evidence to actually hear the president
being contradicted from his public
statements on tape really matter but
look here the crime is the cover-up and
in order to effectuate that they needed
other people to other people's help and
you can just ask yourself who was fooled
who was defrauded here so there is the
Federal Election Commission there's the
possibility of campaign finance problems
but also Karen McDougal certainly was
hoodwinked here by Cohen probably by her
lawyer probably with the knowledge or
possibly with the knowledge of the
president it's possible there were banks
that were used here too and and that and
that Cohen was not completely truthful
to them these could give rise to wire
fraud and bank fraud charges and if
there's an agreement here every there
could be the possibility of conspiracy
including with the National Enquirer and
David pecker who did this very
remarkable thing of just just smothering
a story and telling Karen McDougal she
was going to have a writing contract
really intending that the story never
see the light of day that's fraud and
it's possibly criminal and it's possibly
conspiratorial so there's competing
explanations right now about what is
said on the tape some people rudy
giuliani are saying that Donald Trump
discussed cutting a check to pay for
this which would mean that there's a
paper trail there a poke surround
Michael Cohen it's reported that are
saying no that was actually Michael
Cohen saying that and maybe they would
buy it back from American media and
David pecker here's what a Giuliani has
told the New York Times mr. Giuliani
initially indicated the men discussed a
payment from mr. Trump to miss mcdougal
separate from the Enquirer's payment to
buy her story later he said that mr.
Trump and mr. Cohen had actually
discussed buying the rights to Miss
mcdougal story from the Inquirer a move
that would have effectively reimbursed
the newspaper for its payments to her
what are what are their problems with
that choice and if so what are they
you know these tapes will speak for
themselves
once prosecutors look at them
prosecutors will know what they say and
what they mean and that's really all
that matters here we're seeing Rudy
Giuliani coming out again in public like
he has with many other developments in
this case
trying to put a public spin on this
hoping perhaps to persuade the public so
that if impeachment proceedings begin
they won't go very far
prosecutors don't really care about any
of that they'll just care about the hard
evidence and these tapes which have
already been made say whatever they say
and at some point the government will
evaluate whether that is part of the
evidence that they might use to prove
the federal crime perhaps they'll ask
mr. Cohen to cooperate with the
government and provide evidence perhaps
not but this is already a decided issue
and what's so odd here is Giuliani going
out trying to make the evidence be
something that it really isn't yeah
we'll talk about that Harry why is
Giuliani trying to claim that it's
exculpatory evidence yeah so here's my
surmise first of all I totally agree
with Joyce there's something we don't
quite fully understand about the context
here it makes no sense that they wanted
this out that they waived that they
released it on a Friday afternoon to
somehow help him there's more to to come
to the the story there but my surmise is
when we actually get the transcript
there'll be this minor detail in passing
where Trump says something about a check
by the way we're supposed to think
that's a good thing instead of using
cash you know that like that's the big
show a show of virtue exactly but my
best guess is that that is a sort of
straight detail that Giuliani is
reaching for now when we hear the
transcript it will be tangential to the
real blockbuster which is Trump's
knowledge and the and the attempt to
hush her up and that Giuliani is trying
to spin out this teeny little point
about use a check and if you used a
check by the way it's the same essential
consultants kind of scheme as
potentially comes up and stormy Daniels
but we were told that they considered
doing this but actually in the end no
check no cash no payment was made this
these these payments to women although
this is an SD NY case these payments to
women Joyce have come up in molars
questioning sam nunn Berg told Ari
member that they came up and questioning
when molars team was interviewing him in
front of a grand jury
Joyce yeah well here's one of the
reasons that they could come up this
could all be part of a campaign finance
sort of scenario and perhaps that could
bleed over into molars investigation but
this all happened with Karen McDougal
after the Access Hollywood tape was
released probably at the most fragile
point in Trump's campaign there clearly
would have been concerned that another
story like this coming from someone as
credible as Miss mcdougal miss mcdougal
could have been even more
damaging if not fatal to the campaign so
this sort of evidentiary picture around
these occurrences that tends to lead
credibility to the idea that these
payments were being contemplated to
influence the election that's a very
strong line of developing information
and there'll be a question that will
come parallel to it who is providing the
money who was funding it how is it being
done how many women were there and one
could see how that might easily merge
with some of the inquiry that mr. Muller
has undertaken Joyce Vance Joyce thank
you very much Harry Lippmann thank you
as well thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
