back with michael avenatti attorney
first or me Daniel's you made this
prediction you were proven right how did
you know it then that there was a tape
and what does it mean tonight well good
evening Ari you know there's not just
one tape there's multiple tapes and you
know I think ultimately when all of
these tapes come out it's going to be
very problematic for Michael Cohen and
the president you know I called for
their release back in late May we're
calling for the release now I agree with
one of your guests in the assessment
that this clearly came from Michael
Cohen's camp and I think it's the last
flare gun if you will in a long list of
flare guns shots if you will aimed at
getting Donald Trump's attention and
telling him that the shoe is about to
drop unless he brings Michael Cohen into
the tent to mix metaphors and that and
that makes sense we've definitely seen
that interpretation the other theory
that I'll ask you about is that Donald
Trump had perhaps the worst week of his
presidency given the credible
accusations that impune the rather
bizarre display in Helsinki as well as
the ensuing things that he said unsaid
andrey said about vladimir putin and
that this is some kind of massive
distraction or is coming out from the
Giuliani side your response to that
theory I just don't buy it I don't think
it's accurate I think look all right
there's a series of tapes there's more
than one tape that's why I called for
the release back in late May of the
tapes plural and not tape singular and
you know again I mean the clock is
running out on mr. Trump and I think
this is going to be very very
problematic I mean this is the one guy
Michael Cohen is the one guy who has
more information on potential misdeeds
of the president than anyone else well
with the exception perhaps of Vladimir
Putin be a big statement there but not
one that is a different from what some
former intelligence officials have
suggested in various ways let me play
for you a Jay Goldberg who represented
Donald Trump before Michael Cohen but
they had a very similar role speaking
just moments ago on the beat and calling
Cohen week
if you spend five minutes with Michael
Cole you know that it's not strong is
weak it's hard to say this but when he
said that he would stand up for the
president I knew from talking with him
for less than five minutes that he was
sufficiently weak that he would expect
any wrongdoing do you agree with that
assessment do you know why Goldberg is
saying that on television I agree a
hundred percent Michael Cohen is not a
general he's never been a general he's a
corporate our corporal Ari and you know
this was not a guy that was calling the
shots and this just goes to show you you
know what I've been saying a long time I
mean Michael Cohen was not smart enough
or tough enough to serve in the role
that he was placed in by Donald Trump
and eventually Donald Trump is gonna pay
the price for that and this is another
example Ari of the lack of judgment by
Donald Trump and the people that he
surrounds himself with Michael Cohen
retaining Lanny Davis in this role a
longtime Clinton aide and a lawyer and a
former White House Counsel is something
we reported something you tracked
something that seems significant Lanny
Davis is a huge critic of trumpet
because he says he's a liar who can't be
trusted
now he of course is working with Cohen
which would suggest against Trump take a
listen to mr. Davis I've never worked
for a client that has lied to me
or that I could trust not lying to me
that's the reason he can't find a great
lawyer it's because he has lied to the
American people we know that but he's
also lied to his own lawyers and no
lawyer will take a client who lies are
we seeing this new Lanny Davis chapter
on behalf of Cohen this week is that why
this stuff is leaking and what do you
think is holding them back from moving
forward and trying to get a cooperation
agreement and getting it done if that's
the goal well I think a lot of things
may be happening behind the scenes here
Ari that aren't necessarily public or
have not been disclosed yet but I think
that you've seen a progression I think
you had me on last week and I talked
about the progression it was either on
your show or on your podcast where you
know
we've seen a drumbeat now from Lanny
Davis relating to an effort to
rehabilitate Michael Cohen and a series
of flare gun shots aimed at mr. Trump I
will say this and I have a lot of
respect for Lanny I don't agree with
Lanny or don't believe him when he says
he's never had a client lie to him in
the history of his law practice I'd be
very surprised if that were the case but
look I think that this is consistent
what happened today is consistent with
what we've seen as it relates to sending
a warning message to the president I
think that Michael Cohen has been placed
on an island I've said this in the past
I think it was a grave mistake by the
president if there was anyone that the
president should have been looking out
after I'm he's clearly looking out after
Vladimir Putin we know that right
he's he even inviting him to the White
House he should have been inviting
Michael Cohen to the White House a long
time ago Cowan retaining Davis also
shows that he is looking for tough
lawyers willing to take on Trump you are
probably known as the number one person
in that category would you ever consider
representing Michael Cohen in any way
and have you ever discussed it with him
well I'm not gonna get into discussing
what I may or may not have discussed
with Michael Cohen and I'm not gonna
speculate I'm not gonna say no as it
relates to potentially representing
Michael Cohen you would not rule out
representing your your civil adversary
in the other proceeding you would not
rule out trying to represent Michael
Cohen in this matter if he was prepared
to do the right thing and come clean and
and basically turn state's evidence
I would absolutely consider it in an
effort to disclose information and bring
the truth to the American people all
right under this elevation interview is
he aware of your willingness to do that
I'm not gonna answer that question what
I will answer is that saying that does
that mean that it's likely yes because
if it were no you could just say no
you've never discussed it with him all
right you you know you are you are a
very skilled questioner and a very smart
lawyer and you know that I've always
thought that about you so I'm not
interested in flattery Serge is saying
what it seems - you're implying is that
this is something that is not news to
him through this interview but something
that may have been discussed is what I'm
getting well you can draw your own
conclusion
here's what I'm gonna say REI recently
had occasion in the last few days by
sheer happenstance to run into Michael
Cohen at a restaurant that I've been
going to for 15 years in New York and by
sheer happenstance we happen to be
seated about 6 feet apart from one
another and during that run in michael
cohen and i actually had a chance to
converse and we we had a very what i'll
described as a very positive meeting and
i came away from that meeting i came
away from that meeting very encouraged
by ultimately how may all of this may
work out and we're gonna see what
happens you feel any courage in weights
you have the feeling courage based on
your recent face-to-face with michael
cohen his retaining lanny davis sends a
message as a hillary person do you think
as a hypothetical retaining you would
send an even bigger message to donald
trump oh i think it would send quite the
message and i think it would advance the
cause of the american people as it
relates to finding the truth 100% and
that's why i'm not gonna roll it out hey
I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
