warning some of the video you will see
here is very very disturbing
we now have 17 people confirmed dead
including children after a tourist duck
boat sank during a storm amid a flurry
of questions this morning Missouri's
governor said this moments ago I know
everybody wants to know the details and
all those details will come in time but
for right now it's about really trying
to protect the families to unite the
families and to deal with the situations
they're in and I think that's the most
important thing
NBC's Katie Boeck listened in on that
news conference and she joins us now
from Branson Katie where do these rescue
efforts stand at this point
Stephanie we have just learned moments
ago from the sheriff that all of the
bodies have been recovered that brings
the death count as you mentioned 217
those four remaining unfound people they
were looking for for the past several
hours this morning have been recovered
this is probably a sigh of relief for
these divers who have been working
extremely hard work till 11:30 last
night and then at daylight this morning
they were back in the water trying to
get closure for these families and find
everybody that was on that boat there
were 31 people that were on that duck
boat tour when the severe weather came
through joining me now is sheriff Doug
Rader he was the one who just broke this
news a couple of minutes ago sheriff
this must be a tremendous relief for you
guys some closure not all closure but at
least we've controlled dive team has
done an awesome job recovered the other
four bodies this must have been an
emotional exhausting exercise for those
divers
getting in the water for so many hours
and just in trying to find these folks
yeah I mean I can't even imagine what
what now in the investigation what's
next are you working with NTSB yes we're
waiting on an arrival of NTSB Coast
Guard is here already
Missouri water Patrol our old Missouri
Highway Patrol will all be here to
assist NTSB in their investigation this
this type of severe weather for this
Lake I understand was pretty unusual and
pretty surprising to many what do you
make of the fact that this vessel was
where it was during this this storm
that's not for me to decide when you
when you have this investigation with
the NTSB what types of questions will
you be looking to answer again that's
this investigation is still ongoing and
I can't really comment on that right now
have you had much contact with the
victims families what are they what are
they feeling at this point you know I
respect their privacy
we are meeting with them right now with
members of my Sheriff Department and
Missouri Highway Patrol and providing
him the help they need at this time yeah
this is a devastating event for this
community it's a small community and I
know a lot of people here were we're
here for good reason they were
celebrating something or going on
vacation this must be pretty hard on
this community it is but this stone and
Taney County have always come together
we've been overwhelmed with offers of
food and water and support like always
with the stone in Taney County there
it's a huge supportive area victims now
are is there any place for them to go I
know you were using City Hall is sort of
a focal point for them to come and get
you know grief counseling and seek some
help
where do victims families go now that
battle that's what they're discussing
with them right now everyone has been
notified
at this time they are working on that
right now okay all right thank you
sheriff we appreciate you joining us and
thank you for your your hard work again
Stephanie that total is 17 lives lost in
this in this terrible tragic accident
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that
and down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
