anyway in a week of cleanups and
reversals the White House is now
rejecting Russia just for today
rejecting Vladimir Putin's offer to
allow the United States investigators to
question 12 Russians indicted for
election meddling in exchange for the
u.s. agreeing to let Moscow question
some American officials including former
US ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul
the White House press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders put out a new statement
yesterday saying quote it is a proposal
that was made in sincerity by President
Putin made in sincerity I think it was
very cynical but president Trump
disagrees with it hopefully President
Putin will have the 12 identified
Russians come to the United States to
prove their innocence or guilt but the
statements claim that quote President
Trump disagrees with it that is in
direct contrast to what Trump initially
said calling it a incredible offer and
Sanders saying that the White House was
considering the proposal we would expect
that the Americans would reciprocate and
they they would question officials
including the officers of law
enforcement and intelligence services of
the United States whom we believe who
have something to do with illegal
actions on the territory of Russia what
he did is an incredible offer
he offered to have the people working on
the case come and work with their
investigators with respect to the 12
people I think that's an incredible
offer
the prison is gonna meet with his team
and we'll let you know we have an
announcement on that for a second is
that a topic that came up in their
conversation as including racist with
the president there was some
conversation about it but there wasn't a
commitment made on behalf of the United
States and the president will work with
his team and we'll let you know if
there's an announcement on that front
you know caddy K let's really just strip
this down and be honest about it
no American unless they were a dupe for
Vladimir Putin would think that turning
a former Russian ambassador over to
Russian investigators especially an
ambassador who'd been kicked out of
Russia because he spoke out too
forcefully against Vladimir Putin's
abuses no red-blooded American would
think that was an incredible offer but
Donald Trump did think it was an
incredible offer Sarah okapi Sanders
said that he had to think about it a day
later and now we have this reversal yet
again I'm sure they'll change tomorrow
but what do you make of the
back-and-forth so on turning Americans
over to Russians this was never gonna
happen you were never going to turn over
a former ambassador or a u.s. born
financier helped implement the Magnitsky
act a whole bunch of Senate staffers who
would help drawn up American law these
were all of the people that Putin wanted
and you have to wonder what was
president Trump thinking during the
course of that two-hour meeting what was
it Putin said to him how did he
communicate with him that seemed to win
Donald Trump over so that when he came
out of that two-hour meeting his initial
instinct his gut reaction was to say
yeah this is an incredible offer I think
this is a great idea and I think then as
we head into the prospect because one
was not enough why not have a second one
of that second Putin meeting you've got
intelligence officials now scrambling to
find out what else Donald Trump may have
agreed to what did he give away what
were the verbal commitments because
you've got Russian officials and
President Putin saying hey it was great
we came out of Hill sinky we got these
agreements we're looking forward to
working on them and the head-scratching
going on around Washington particularly
in the defense can
he's saying we have no idea we we don't
know what our President may have just
committed this country to and now we
have the prospect of a second meeting as
well it beggars belief it's
extraordinary and Jonathan lemare you
were there tell me all the
back-and-forth that have been going on
this week
what's your take what what have you
heard inside the White House what have
you heard across Washington not only
about the reaction a week later in our
several days later into this summit but
also the president lurching forward to
have another summit with Vladimir Putin
when he still hasn't cleaned up the
multitude of messes created by the first
summit very few things seem to stick to
this president he seems to bounce off
controversy nearly on a daily basis a
few things like Charlottesville still we
still feel that one this week seems like
it could stay and I think the part of
the confusion is the part of reason why
the stories and the questions are still
circulating is that no one knows really
what happened it's not just that we in
the media don't entirely know what's
happened key members of the United
States government don't know what
happened in Helsinki on Monday the
members of the White House themselves
are still trying to figure out exactly
what President Trump may have agreed to
we're relying on what the Russians are
telling us and I think there has been a
lot of pushback from Republicans
you know those mostly those who are not
facing re-election this fall who feel
like this was a mistake that the
president has given too much he's he's
changed the party we saw the reaction on
Fox News which we never see to something
the president does and this is the
president though is telling people
Jonathan Fox yeah Fox News Jonathan you
had the New York Post yep
being critical talking about his see no
evil diplomacy you had the Wall Street
Journal again how remarkable the Wall
Street Journal said we need a
containment policy there correct
Congress needs a containment policy not
only for Vladimir Putin but also for
Donald Trump you had a lot of very
conservative voices coming out
being very critical of the president and
yet here's the president despite the
fact it's not good for him politically
despite the fact it will hurt
Republicans in the midterm setting up
yet another summit with Vladimir Putin
and it fits a pattern here right with a
few moments where we have seen this
president never apologize but sort of
walk something back the Access Hollywood
tape and Charlottesville in both times
he issued some sort of statement that
was a sort of a retreat felt like a
hostage video but he he did it
unwillingly only to a day or two later
doubled down again to his original
position and I think we're seeing that
now though he is not he is continues to
his public statements sort of hem and
haw as to what he said to Putin but now
we're seeing that yes he wants to forge
for with this summit we're seeing it
again
guys there's a bit there's a bigger
picture here Joe and I think we have to
focus on I know we're going to talk
about Dan Coates and his interview
yesterday with Andrea Mitchell but is an
extraordinary thing that happened
yesterday we had the the DNI the
Director of National Intelligence the
guy who knows everything yesterday told
Adrienne Mitchell essentially he still
has no idea what happened in the meeting
between Donald Trump and Platt Amir
Putin that's an amazing thing that
happened and you can feel well among a
lot of serious people a lot of
Republicans who have have been concerned
about what's happening in this
presidency about what's happening
between Donald Trump and Latimer Putin
about what Vladimir Putin might have in
terms of compromising material or other
kind of leverage against Donald Trump
this in and of itself is an astonishing
thing that we learned yesterday and then
in the middle of the interview the
president comes out and issues a
statement that says that he's inviting
Vladimir Putin despite all of the sound
and fury of this last week that he's
inviting Vladimir Putin to come to
Washington DC maleeh it's a it's a
moment that we will remember I think
historically and it's it's kind of
astonishing on a million levels but but
I will say that apart from everything
else what we learned with that
invitation is one of the things that
happen in that meeting one of the things
that happen in that meeting is the
Donald Trump in secret in secret not
just from the press but in secret from
his own DNI and much of the rest of his
government made an agreement with dot
with Vladimir Putin to have Vladimir
Putin come to Washington in
middle of a midterm election and that
speaks to the extraordinary leverage
that Vladimir Putin has over Donald
Trump we still to know exactly why but
it's an incredible thing well and Mele
doesn't matter why at this point I mean
we'll we'll we'll find out why either
through Robert and Muller our historians
will find out why but okay I can't even
imagine John and Republicans that are in
swing districts that Hillary won getting
the news that Donald Trump is going to
make a fool of himself again with
Vladimir Putin this time in the United
States and a lead-up to a midterm
election it's for those suicide yeah
political suicide we've got to go to
break but I'm just curious really
quickly end of the week looking back
we've talked about this John for quite
some time Republicans being too cowardly
to stand up on the hill for Donald Trump
Republicans
in his administration biting their
tongue when they should be speaking out
is this would you say this is a week at
least attached to this one event mmm
maybe not maybe it won't happen to other
events but this was the one week that a
good bit of the Republican and
conservative leadership in Washington DC
thought leaders and political leaders
did stand up and speak out against
Donald Trump well certainly it's it's
just empirically it's is it but it was
greater in number and and and if there
was more of it than you would then we've
ever seen before on almost anything else
I think it's even more than there was
Jonathan lumi√®re mentioned
Charlottesville that's the one
outstanding example in the past I think
you saw more of it this week and I think
more than that though I think that the
this is the site of DNI Coates yesterday
making the comments that he made that
now may have put his job in jeopardy I'm
sure he gets that reporting later today
the the way in which Christopher Rae
made the comments that he made the
Lester Holt at an Aspen where they all
in various ways are trying to signal
that something is wrong here and that
what we saw from Donald Trump in
Helsinki and what we've seen in there in
though in the
after math until sinky suggests that
something is not just wrong but deeply
dangerous I think you are starting to
see some kind of shift in the exact
tectonic plates in the way the
government's dealing with Donald Trump
and in particular the way your former
party is dealing with him I think that's
maybe a week that history remembers I
think so and good luck firing Dan Coates
if he thinks firing James come he was a
problem yeah good luck firing Dan Coates
a man who suggests that something's just
not right with Donald Trump's
relationship with Vladimir Putin lots of
luck on that one fella
dan coates is we're talking about his
stunt reaction to the White House invite
of Vladimir Putin was just one of
several telling moments from the
director of the National Intelligence
we're going to run through the others
straight ahead on morning Jeff thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
