day 546 of the Trump administration and
at the height of the hubbub over
Helsinki Donald Trump has invited
Vladimir Putin to Washington this fall
as the New York Times and others have
been saying Trump long ago became the
first American president even suspected
of having any kind of loyalties or
obligations to the leader of a foreign
power in this case a full-on adversary
who hacked our presidential election and
now the president has apparently doubled
down he apparently had his White House
aide for national security extend the
invitation to Putin it was not shared
apparently with those at the top of his
administration
so witnessed this our own Andrea
Mitchell was interviewing Dan Coates who
happens to be the Director of National
Intelligence in Aspen Colorado this
afternoon when the news broke and it was
immediately apparent it was news to him
we have some breaking news the White
House has announced on Twitter that
Vladimir Putin is coming to the White
House in the fall again
you vitamin yeah okay that's gonna be
special The Associated Press reports
Putin told Russian diplomats today the
Helsinki meeting was successful he has
briefed his own diplomatic corps on the
meeting President Trump has not done the
same in that same interview today DNI
coats in Aspen gave Andrea his
assessment of the meeting in Helsinki
moments after the president appeared to
be siding with Vladimir Putin over you
you personally by name you stood up and
spoke out I just felt at this time point
in time that what we had assessed and
reassessed and reassessed and carefully
gone over still stands and that it was
important to take that stand on behalf
of the intelligence community obviously
I wished he had made a different
statement in Helsinki the president was
alone with Vladimir Putin for two hours
more than two hours with only
translators basically how do you know
what happened you were on the dark side
of the moon how do you have any idea
what happened in that meeting well
you're right I don't know what happened
in that meeting either a risk that
Vladimir Putin could have recorded it
that risk is always there meanwhile the
White House has been in the process of
trying to clarify another proposal that
emerged at that Helsinki news conference
on Monday you'll recall the Russian
president suggested a kind of trade he
would allow robert muller to interrogate
12 russian agents indicted for hacking
our election if US officials would allow
russians to question americans that it's
suspects of interfering in russian
affairs that would include our former US
ambassador to russia President Trump
seemed at first to welcome the idea what
he did is an incredible offer
he offered to have
the people working on the case come and
work with their investigators with
respect to the 12 people I think that's
an incredible often yesterday Sarah
Huckabee Sanders indicated the
incredible offer was still under
consideration she said the West Wing was
actually discussing the matter but today
as outrage over the suggestion grew the
White House released a statement that
read in part it is a proposal that was
made in sincerity by President Putin but
president Trump disagrees with it
well Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was
more firm and less respectful in
rejecting the proposal that's not going
to happen
the administration is not going to send
force Americans to travel to Russia to
be interrogated by Vladimir Putin and
his team as all of this unfolds NBC News
is reporting Microsoft has discovered
new attempts at election hacking similar
to what took place in 2016 directed at
three unnamed candidates running in the
midterms and the Wall Street Journal is
reporting three of the FBI's highest
ranking cybersecurity officials are
stepping down from their posts one
official says other experts are expected
to leave soon late today the Justice
Department released a detailed report
describing all their efforts to fight
foreign interference in American
elections but our colleague in
Washington can delay Nyan reports it
includes no major new policy initiatives
and there is no single official in the
Trump administration in charge of
preventing election hacking the
president however remains focused on his
relationship with the trained KGB spy
who now leads Russia getting along with
President Putin and getting along with
Russia's a positive not a negative no
with that being said if that doesn't
work out I'll be the worst enemy he's
ever had the worst he's ever had with
that let's bring in our leadoff panel on
a Thursday night Andrea Mitchell is with
us fresh off her interview today she of
course is the NBC News chief foreign
affairs correspondent and host of Andrea
Mitchell reports at noon Eastern
weekdays on this network she is in Aspen
tonight along with Jeremy bash former
chief of staff at CIA and the
agon and with us from Washington Robert
Costa national political reporter for
The Washington Post and moderator of
Washington week on PBS so Andrea here we
all were watching your interview as
covered on this network on live
television it occurred to us in
real-time this was nothing less than
someone at long last in a way putting
his job on the line for the cause
were you surprised at that and were you
equally surprised that he was in the
dark in as much as he was especially
this invitation for Putin to come to
Washington well that's the way President
Trump operates I've seen it with
secretaries of state and other cabinet
officials completely blindsided over and
over again in the last 18 months by a
decision from the president and in fact
members of the White House staff often
shut out of a decision that the
president makes that is what is so
unique about this presidency so I wasn't
surprised that he did not know I noticed
on Friday of course when he gave that
interview and spoke strongly against the
Russians what they were doing in cyber
that they were the worst cyber actors
that he was ramping up his criticism and
then on Monday he very swiftly responded
to the Trump Putin comments where
specifically the president sided with
Putin over by name Dan coats and the
intelligence assessment and he very
quickly came out with a statement while
the president was getting on our Air
Force One reasserting that consensus
agreement which he said today had been
assessed and reassessed in the last 18
months and is still valid that it was
not just the Russians but it was
Vladimir Putin's Russians that all
things are decided by the former KGB
spymaster at the head of that country so
he was very clear and he feels that that
is his job as he said to stand up for
the intelligence that he is not being
you know he wants to keep politics out
of the intelligence and he is putting it
all on the line and
I have to say he replicated what Chris
Rea did last night here in an interview
with Lester and these are two law
enforcement and intelligence officials
who really feel that they have to stand
up for their agencies
Andrea this may call for an opinion on
your part but it was lost on none of us
who could see you on live television
that the White House communications shop
Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted out the
invitation to Putin while you're sitting
there with the Director of National
Intelligence whose word the president
seemed to go against last we saw in
Helsinki accident quirk of history or
not these I am not in a position
especially at this distance to know I
don't have the sourcing to know exactly
what was going through their minds was
it deliberate was it an accident was it
incompetence there's a lot of lack of
communication in that shop where has
been so I don't really know that but I
do know that a senior intelligence
official tonight is pushing back very
strongly against the Washington Post
reported perhaps Robert Costa can shed
some clarity on this the Washington Post
reporting that people in the White House
and the political side of the White
House are saying that Dan coats went
rogue in this interview and the senior
intelligence officials telling me that
they just do not understand the role of
intelligence and that they don't realize
that it is not supposed to be political
and it's also to be noted that Dan coats
came from the Senate twice he was
elected from Indiana to the Senate and
that he has a lot of support and allies
in the Senate so he's not going to
resign if he's fired I think he'd be
very hard to replace
all right Robert Kosti your name was
invoked clear from the Rocky Mountains
what say you about the reporting of the
post tonight and you're reporting on
just in general Republican action from
White House aides to aides on the hill
behind you to actual members of the
House and Senate pick up on Andrea's
great points roaming the halls of the
Senate this week Brian you really get a
sense of quiet alarm among Republican
Senator Lindsey Graham told me we he
said speaking about Republicans we have
to
secretary pomp pail we have to figure
out was there a deal cut senator blunt
of Missouri's telling me he's calling up
cabinet members trying to figure out
what is going on is the president
isolated is he getting the information
he needs and with Dan Coates you have a
Director of National Intelligence who
isn't just some former backbench member
of the Senate plucked from Indiana no
this is a former ambassador to Germany a
former longtime member of the Senate
Intelligence Committee senators I've
spoken with Republicans say he's the
canary in the coal mine as Andrea said
he won't resign but they're also really
wondering about these political advisors
at the White House are they even aware
that the directors in Aspen are they
aware that so many people in the
administration appointed by President
Trump feel like he is now making foreign
policy without their interaction without
their guidance that is a real story
inside of this White House and this
administration at this moment based on
my reporting
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
