so I have great confidence in my
intelligence people but I will tell you
that President Putin was extremely
strong and powerful in his denial today
it was bizarre statements like that
which caused former CIA director John
Brennan who is an MSNBC national
security analyst to call the president's
performance in Al sinky quote nothing
short of treasonous and the former CIA
chief of Russian operations tweeted from
an intelligence a counterintelligence
perspective something is going on behind
the scenes before Helsinki I was less
sure post Helsinki I feel sick and so
today in an opinion piece in The
Washington Post the issue is put front
and center quote based on the actions of
the Trump administration this week
reasonable people can disagree over
whether treason is being committed
article three of the US Constitution
says the treason against the United
States shall consist only in levying war
against them or in adhering to their
enemies giving them aid and comfort the
writer of that Washington Post piece
joins me now Daniel Dresner is a
professor of international politics at
the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy
at Tufts University along with MSNBC
contributor Joyce Vance a former US
Attorney for the Northern District of
Alabama welcome to both of you tonight
Daniel let me start with you because you
seem shocked that we've reached the
point that you would even be writing
those words about treason and the
president of the United States a year
and a half ago someone would have called
that as Rand Paul said Trump derangement
cyst syndrome and thinking that that was
a far out view but now it's narrowing
and narrowing down in terms of what the
possibilities are
well the question has always been when
we deal with Trump or when we deal with
any president we disagree with and they
do something that that we find genuinely
shocking do you explain this through
incompetence or do you explain this
through malevolence and you know I teach
political science and I know how people
generally work and you know nine times
out of ten I'll take the incompetence
story but the way that the Trump White
House's behavior has been over the past
two weeks in this European trip either
we're talking about radical incompetence
and I'm not
pulling that out to be clear or we are
talking about malevolence why does Trump
want to have a meeting one-on-one with
Putin with absolutely no note takers
you know why does he tweet out things
that indicates that he actually prefers
Vladimir Putin to the US mainstream
media which he considers frankly you
know an enemy of his it's almost a
question of his revealed preferences
which is Trump prefers you know
foreigners who like him to Americans who
are loyal Americans but nonetheless
disagree with them and I find that
incredibly disturbing and as I said you
know we talked about this a common
saying in Washington is the notion that
reasonable people can disagree on
something and the very fact that
reasonable people can disagree on
whether or not we're talking about
treason or high crimes and misdemeanors
or what-have-you I find genuinely
shocking and and seriously nauseating
Joyce you know I read what the
Constitution says about treason and I
don't know how one proves it and and
particularly since we don't have a lot
of information we're all just puzzled as
to why the president would be acting
this way but there's a broader concept
that you talk about when it comes to
trees and maybe there isn't a legal bar
that can be met but in terms as we've
discussed as Daniel has said in terms of
the reasons for this behavior if we've
decided it's not utter incompetence
because we know the president is
supported by smart people we know guys
like Dan Coates are competent
experienced individuals then we start
looking for other explanations you know
we think about treason as being a
betrayal of trust I think that's what's
at the core of this concept but for
federal prosecutors you actually have to
prove every specific element that's
established in a statute to have a
conviction so that's difficult for
treason
among other reasons because you would
have to prove that we were at war with a
country in a formal state of war with
the country that the defendant allegedly
provided aid to that can't happen here
we're not at war with Russia but this
same set of facts that Daniel references
could be used in the political context
up on the hill to form a basis for
impeachment and Congress could
characterize it however they wanted to
so there's a real difference here
between a legal criminal proceeding and
might happen in the political process
trail is a concept that that can exist
in Congress and can be bandied around
Senator Jeff Flake
of Arizona alluded to that on the Senate
floor today let's listen but what isn't
a mystery is that by choosing to object
to reject object reality in Helsinki the
president let down the free world by
giving aid and comfort to an enemy of
democracy in so doing he dimmed the
light of freedom ever so slightly in our
own country so Daniel that's interesting
because Jeff Flake used the words that
the Constitution were uses with respect
to treason and he called Russia an enemy
of democracy but but really he said the
thing that may be more important over
the last two worked weeks and the
president's behavior both in in Canada
and in Great Britain and in Brussels and
then in Helsinki and that he has let
down the free world Brett Stevens of the
New York Times was talking to me the
other day he said I don't know that
Donald Trump believes in a free world
that's a different thing than proving
treason but it is definitely something
we do not expect from the President of
the United States the way I would put it
is the following you know it in in
international relations if you're trying
to figure out you know what are our core
national interests if we're trying to
assess you know national security
threats we are in a situation now where
frankly I think the biggest national
security threat to the United States
resides in the Oval Office in 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue now that may be and
I certainly take you know we'll defer to
the legal question about the fact that
there's a really high statutory bar de -
proving treason but in some ways it
almost doesn't matter whether the
president is radically incompetent or
just malevolent the point is is that
he's managing to wreak the atta fists of
American foreign policy that has
generally served our country's interests
for the last 70 to 80 years and he's not
suggesting anything in its place except
apparently him piling around with
Vladimir Putin or Xi Jinping or Kim
jong-un now to be fair again you would
want you know the President to have you
would want the United States to have
reasonably productive relationships with
other great powers and you want you know
you prefer negotiating with North Korea
many of the alternatives but there's
doing this well and there's doing this
incompetently and he's doing it in
competently or something else we'll have
to see guys thanks very much for joining
me tonight Daniel Dresner and Joyce
Vance
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
