wonder because you know when this
program I know this we've wrestled with
trying to figure out the motive
you know the motive I thought him for a
while I know I'm being too generous that
there was a grand strategy that was he
was going to unite the north of the
Russians and the American people and the
Europeans against the south the Islamic
threat which the Soviet Union's worried
about for the time of the Russian
Revolution that their soft underbelly
that there was some greatness in this
something about Syria Israel and Iran
that he was gonna put it all together
and I guess there's no evidence of that
kind of forethought and then you go to
the Adagio theory it's all personal was
cya saving his own situation and then
you go to something in the middle they
have something on him from something
else where's your mind on why he is
behaving in such a corrupt fashion just
be supporting a foe of this country down
the line to the point of talking about
letting them interrogate our people KGB
types talking about inviting them here
to the White House on top of all of this
and seeming to be in a total state of
forgiveness what do you make of this
well I as I say I think he has minimal
regard for and minimal understanding of
the rules of American government and the
institutional facts of American
government remember Chris that during
one of the presidential debates among
the Republican candidates when mr. Trump
for some reason felt called upon to
depend defend the conservatism of his
sister who's a federal judge
he says she has signed some of the same
bills that Justice Alito his son he
thinks judges signed bills so he has I
mean this is we have a president who
would flunk a sixth grade civics exam so
he doesn't quite understand the limits
on presidential power and the limits
imposed not by de jure matters but by
norms so he again the people around
Putin figured out how to spread another
day or two of chaos it's like throwing a
puppy into a kindergarten class well
that's a nice picture let's take it
bring in Ruth Marcus deputy editor Oh
page editor for The Washington Post Ruth
I'd love your thoughts on the same
question big question because historians
are gonna be wondering at that maybe
I'll get a clue maybe there'll be some
smoking gun a Perry Mason moment or
something where somebody admits it
but we're still trying to feel why would
a president throw away our sovereignty
well I actually go back to our friend
Ben witnesses trademark phrase
malevolence layered with incompetence
and I think what we've seen this week is
some combination of the two of them I
could not agree with George more which I
guess is turning us all into his form of
conservatives these days on the rock
bottom front about the ignorance and
naivete and lack of experience that's
been on display this week and that as a
piece of the explanation for what's
going on when Putin says to you like the
sort of KGB agent version of a used-car
salesman
hey guy I've got a great deal for you so
here's how it's going to work we
interview your guys and they interview
you interview our guys if you have zero
understanding of government maybe that
sounds like a good deal if you have any
understanding of government it's a mess
and the thing that was amazing isn't
simply that the president snapped at it
and called it an incredible deal but
that it took multiple hours and this
bizarro news caprice briefing that we
had yesterday from sarah huckabee
Sanders where sheik laid it out there as
it left it open as a possibility to say
no we're not doing that what's your
journey you know his story conservative
I mean you've known the hallways to the
conservative movement going back through
Buckley back the Goldwater like the Taft
there was something near called as I
recall the Connally reservation which we
sure will join these international
organizations but nobody's going to take
us from anywhere outside the United
States to justice no American it's going
to be brought before some trade tribunal
and here's Trump letting this out that
we might actually let our people
including our top two State Department
of officials be facing Russian justice
under a KGB Colonel your thoughts how
did this escape from the Republican or
the conservative philosophy that we look
out for our own
well what mr. Putin was doing was
cleverly insinuating in a
and yet another direction the problem of
moral equivalence he said well you have
yeah mr. Muller and he has due process
as you people understand it and he has
to go through courts and he has to get
indictments and grand juries and all the
rest and we have our own understanding
which is our legal system does what I
tell it to do but there JC they're both
essentially the same Minh to me that
that he has succeeded in in causing a
kind of chaos well the White House
received Swift and widespread
condemnation for refusing to deny
Putin's request outright and some of
that criticism came from the president's
own allies let's listen in general would
you would you ever envision a world in
which you would allow suspects to be
interviewed by Russia well I never want
to say never about anything but it's
certainly not high on our list of
investigative techniques it's galling
really because having seen the evidence
especially that I've seen no there's no
investigative benefit to that no I
cannot imagine any circumstances under
which that would happen it would be
disastrous and absurd and there's no way
he would do that why would he I mean it
just you don't give our own people over
to foreign governments you just don't do
that and he would never do it ever well
the president's former campaign rivals
also weighed in Hillary Clinton tweeted
ambassador McFaul is a patriot who has
spent his career standing up for America
to see the White House even hesitate to
defend a diplomat is deeply troubling
former Florida Governor Jeb Bush tweeted
not dismissing this absurd request out
of hand is an extraordinary sign of
weakness by an American president
Georgia seems to be we do have some
history and turning people over to
rather difficult or actually frightening
governments where in some cases it was
somewhere in Eastern Europe or was
somewhere in South Asia if we went I had
a difficult prisoner from the war with
terrorism that we might turn over a
prisoner to one of those governments
because they weren't his up well they
weren't as dainty as we are what do you
think of that that's a hell of a
reference point for this thing it is and
it's it's it's a national embarrassment
that we in fact did some of those things
but I think the secret of
Trump's behavior is that he really
believes that international relations is
conducted between people who become
friends and he thinks that in some sense
mr. Putin is or can be made into a
friend of his you asked about the
conservative pedigree of some of the
criticism of him a good conservative of
the 19th century British Foreign
Secretary and I guess Prime Minister
Lord Palmerston said nations have no
permanent friends only permanent
interests and it's the confusion of
friendship with interest here that is
perhaps most dismayed
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
