riccati Concord Mike Quigley of Illinois
sits on the House Intelligence Committee
Steve Schmidt is a political strategist
and MSNBC contributor and you Michel
sinner is the White House correspondent
for PBS Newshour and an MSNBC
contributor congressman Quigley it's not
just that he's a Russian it's not just
that he's a former Soviet but Vladimir
Putin is a cagey agent of this whole
time he is a sworn in duty-bound spy
that's what he's done his whole career
that's what he is he could do anything
probably engaged in torture personally
has done it all and we're inviting him
into the home of the President of the
United States what do you make of that
protocol violence
it's scary I've now served on the Intel
committee for about three and a half
years I have the greatest respect for
the members of that community many of
them have given their lives to keep us
safe and here we are attacking them
since before he was president in it√≠d
States ask candidate Trump attacking the
intelligence community and defending and
never attacking mr. Putin it is beyond
description Steve what would you make of
a Democratic president but what do you
think a lot of people in the Trump side
those who are lining up behind him again
four out of five Republicans backing him
on his Helsinki behavior what would they
have done if Barack Obama had kowtow to
a Soviet or Russian leader like this guy
has hidden who'd suggested subjecting
American officials like our former
ambassador McFaul to be to be dragged
over to Moscow for interrogation but
then on top of that invite their leader
the former head of the edge KGB come to
the White House for Dindin I well what
do you think would have been the
reaction from the solid Trump bites a
dead thought well President Obama if he
had done that would have been would have
been impeached already for for sure the
most mystifying thing about all of this
is the utter complicity of the
Republican majority and failing to stand
up to a president who has distinguished
himself with his singular dishonor he is
the first American president in the
history of the American Republic who
refuses to defend the country from the
attack launched on it
hostile foreign power at the order of
the President of Russia the Russian
Federation launched a cyber war against
the United States interfering in our
election process it is an attack on our
sovereignty this is what George
Washington warned the country about in
his farewell address and it is
remarkable to watch this play out this
week and to see over on Fox State TV all
the excuse making all the gymnastics
that are going on trying to excuse Trump
from this you meet the president who was
a candidate as a candidate promised to
put America first and I understood that
no more stupid Wars no more kowtow
then we're taking it crap from anybody
why is he taking everything in the face
from Putin everything the attacks the
suggestion they wanted mcfar former
ambassador come back there be
interrogating by the KGB like his crowd
is that's who they are and then they get
invited to dinner at the White House
where every one of these dictators wants
is to be treated like a human being at
the highest level by our country and now
Trump's giving him exactly what Putin
wants to be treated like a human being
which he's not your thoughts well I was
at that Helsinki summit and in the in
the room when that press conference
happened and what it wasn't just that
President Trump is treating President
Putin as if he's a human being and
someone who should be respected in that
in that regard he was really someone he
was allowing President Putin to be the
host almost even though the the summit
was happening in Finland it almost could
have been happening in Russia because he
spoke first he was someone who clearly
was had the body language you could tell
that he was having a good time President
Putin was smiling all the wash and this
was really about President Trump saying
I am the rightful President of the
United States and that I don't know
Russia anything for my victory because
this has become so personal for him so
it's a his the message has really been
America first but really it's about
Trump being first and all the people
that I talk to you this today I was
really talking a lot of sources from the
Department of Homeland Security and
former senior officials from the
Department of Justice who deal with
national security and all of them said
that the the national intelligence
community is really worried about what
President Trump said the president
in that two-hour meeting there really
worried that he made assurances what
President Putin and gave away things
that the US doesn't even know what
happened yet so I think there's this
idea that the intelligence community my
reporting is really really scared Steve
I'll get the congressman in a moment I
wanted Steve from about some because
you're such a smart political guy and
I'm gonna ask you that didn't you get
the sense watching Putin he had the
secondary characteristics of a guy who's
a torturer and likes his job he was had
that smirk on his face you know as you
Misha said he had that attitude if I got
this guy in my captivity I'm enjoying
this this is the kind of torture I like
as a KGB expert Vladimir Putin is a KGB
colonel he was and always will be that
and I think the way that he looked at
Donald Trump is the way that a con man
looks at his mark he saw somebody who
was standing next to him that is clearly
doing his bidding by design whether it's
a sin of omission or Commission I can't
explain I don't know what's in Donald
Trump's heart I don't know what's in his
head but there's a term the Russians use
it's it's it's it's useful idiot and the
President of the United States is a
Russian useful idiot he is Foursquare
doing the bidding of the Russian
autocrat he is savaging the Western
alliance he's weakening NATO he's
assaulting the European Union the us-led
liberal global order these are all the
primary and fundamental strategic goals
of the Russian Federation to weaken NATO
to weaken the European Union to weaken
trust faith and belief in democratic
institutions across the West and the
person more than any other human being
on all the planet that is doing the
bidding of Vladimir Putin to achieve
those ends is the American president it
is a extraordinarily dangerous moment to
ponder as we look at the events of this
last week and now the tough question
congressman are you people gonna let
this guy this KGB colonel
into the house chamber to address the
house in a joint meeting if Trump asked
you to do that the final straw will you
go along with it you know I don't think
we will but I think it's up to Speaker
Ryan
if today is any indication I don't hold
out much hope my amendment up today
would have provided additional resources
to battle and protect our election
security it failed on a party-line vote
the same people the same republicans who
tweeted out disagreeing with the
president's actions in helsinki today
voted against providing resources to
prevent cyber hacking provide training
and equipment because our equipment is
so old it can't even handle anti hacking
software we have 13 states that don't
even have a paper background against
that backdrop
mr. Coates talked about how they're
coming after us again on election
hacking my Republican colleagues did
nothing well be great if you introduced
a resolution even it won't get passed by
the Republican majority they would
challenge them at least to say it is the
will of the house that this man who
oversaw an attempt to disrupt and
discredit our electoral process the
essence of our Republican form of
government will not speak in this house
that would be great any chance of that
happening I thought the Democrats
pushing a Pelosi and the rest of you
folks pushing that resolution and
forcing the Republicans either eat it or
fight it I agree
we're gonna continue the fight today was
full throttled engagement with them
the Republicans sitting on their hands
while the Democrats voted to secure our
country's election infrastructure
chanting USA well I hope you challenged
mr. Ryan to show some guts and say no to
the president's and embarrassment he's
coming here to be a worse embarrassment
if we put him in the well of the house
to speak to the country meanwhile in his
most recent attempt to address the
fallout over Helsinki President Trump is
claiming he's been tough on Russia
believe it well while trying to cast his
predecessor Barack Obama's being
beholding the Russian remember that I
don't watch watch look at the sanctions
I've put on look at the diplomats I
threw out look at all of the things that
I've done nobody else did what I've done
Obama didn't do it
Obama was a patsy for Russia he was a
total patsy look at the statement he
made when he thought the mics were
turned off okay the stupid statement he
made
nobody does a big deal about that
getting along with President Putin
getting along with Russia's a positive
not a negative now with that being said
if that doesn't work out I'll be the
worst enemy he's ever had the worst he's
ever had
you meets the sanctions it seems to me
came about under under Obama and it was
Trump's people who kept talking during
the campaign that's what this
investigation is about about relieving
those sanctions in some sort of quid pro
quo well the president the White House
really does have that same kind of
talking points when you ask them about
the US policy toward Russia they'll say
we expelled people we closed the Russian
Consul ins all over the country so
there's this idea that there is things
on and the president said he has not at
all reduced any sanctions when it comes
to Russia the bigger point is I was
talking to the former US Representative
to NATO his name is Douglas lute and he
was saying that NATO allies when they
see the way that President Trump is
acting that they are gonna start
crafting workarounds for the United
States because they will not trust the
United States when it comes to when it's
under president presidents under
President Trump so you had this idea
that while he's saying that okay well I
haven't taken away sanctions or I
haven't done anything he didn't say the
word sanctions in that press conference
nowhere in that press conference did he
say we're gonna keep our stations strong
so there's this idea that even if the
policy strong for now people including
NATO allies already looking at President
Trump and saying we don't trust that guy
let me ask about Craig Steve tell me
about Chris Reis Christopher ray he's a
conversation today with a Lester hall of
NBC it seems to me that it's he talked
about resigning he was so concerned
about Trump's behavior well look at that
you see the remarkable video from the
Aspen security conference with the
national director of intelligence Dan
Coates
similarly surprised look at the end of
the day when you look at Donald Trump's
Putin fetish when you look at the things
that he did over the last 10 days his
attacks on the NATO allies is
destabilizing of that alliance and
lastly the weakest performance by an
American
president the head of state of the
United States standing next to a foreign
leader in the history of electronic
recordings of these type of events we've
never seen a weaker performance by a
President of the United States standing
next to any leader let alone one that
has attacked the country that has
attacked the elections process that is
responsible for more crimes across the
Middle East the annexation of his
neighboring states and his attempts to
weaken liberal democracy all across the
world not a single line of opposition to
him it was gutless it was weak it was
servile and it is unprecedented for an
American president to show that type of
weakness and I think that when you look
at why is he doing this there are no
good answers and I think that
increasingly as we look forward this
president is becoming more unhinged he's
becoming more erratic his behavior is
becoming more alarming with each passing
day and though there are all sorts of
people that are trying to excuse it away
the whole country just saw what they saw
with their own eyes and it's not good
for this president it's certainly not
good for the United States
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
