joining us now Massachusetts Democratic
senator Elizabeth Warren good morning
senator
good morning senator we have a new
nominee to run the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau really your baby you
invented it her name is Cathy Kramer
as expected I don't think you think
she's the right person for the job there
was a hearing that you were part of tell
us your thoughts well let me start
somewhere else and that is with one of
the ugliest parts of what the Trump
administration has done over its time
now in office and that is taking
children away from their mothers and
fathers down at the border Cathy
chroniger is the person at OMB who
oversees the agencies that have been
principally responsible for that the
Justice Department and the Department of
Homeland Security so I've just come out
of hearings with her to ask her about
what she has done what was her role this
is all she's got she has nothing on
consumer protection doesn't know
anything about that but she's being sold
as somebody who can help make decisions
in government so I want to know about
her role in taking away those children
from their parents and I asked under
oath she dodged she moved she refused to
say that she had no role in it and in
fact if you take a look at the documents
if you take a look at what her her job
is she's she's right in the heart of
this and then when I asked her at the
end did she think it was immoral for the
United States government the tribe
administration to take children away
from their mothers to pursue a policy
that was just designed to inflict pain
she couldn't even have an opinion on
that so my view on this is that is a
stain on her that will follow her for
the rest of her life but will also be a
stain on any senator who votes to give
her a big promotion to run another
federal age
one could argue that Mitch McConnell has
a massive stain on his reputation in
blocking Merrick garland but it worked
and now Trump's got two Supreme Court
justices what can Democrats actually do
since you're outnumbered look you you
have it right we are in the minority the
best we can do is stand up and use this
platform and talk about who these
nominees are we just did a hearing we're
going to put that hearing out every
possible place we can for the American
people to see who Trump wants to put in
charge of the very agency that is
designed to stand up to powerful
organizations to stand up to powerful
people and say wait a minute
we're here to level the playing fields
so that those who can't cheated don't
get cheated anymore that's what that
agency is all about you know this really
is going out and talking about it with
the public I think that's our main job
right then one thing that Democrats can
do is give the American people other
options great candidates to vote for an
issue that the president likes to
believe or does work for him right now
is the economy and if you look at
deregulation and if you look at the
strong economy while there may be
warning signs that the economy could
take a turn and you and I both know from
the financial crisis that not having
regulation can end up hurting people
but at this very moment the economy is a
winning argument for this administration
for more than just president Trump's
base stir Democratic in a mistake in
putting forth candidates that label
themselves Democratic socialists or who
are anti-capitalist beliefs when at this
moment look at small or large business
sentiment or consumer confidence and
Americans feel like capitalism is
working for them look still I believe in
markets I believe in markets right down
to my toes but I also believe markets
have to have rules otherwise rich and
powerful just keep sucking up all the
value and everybody else in
eating dirt I really have to push back
on the premise of your question I think
that big parts of this economy are not
working you're the American people there
look there was a time when Wall Street
numbers reflected that the economy
overall was doing well but not so much
when not many people own shares of stock
and when corporations are doing well
they no longer share with their
employees there was a time when saying
hey the unemployment rate has gone down
that's a great thing but you know when
people are working at minimum-wage jobs
that won't support them or they're
working two three or four jobs to try to
pay the rent and keep food on the table
then simply saying the unemployment
figures have gone down just doesn't get
you there the way I see this is the
lived experiences of most hardworking
Americans across this country are not
improving under the trump administration
what's happening to them is they're
still stuck with flat incomes and rising
core expenses and the Trump
administration is helping drive up those
expenses I'll give you two examples one
on health care the Trump administration
has withdrawn federal support to try to
keep the price of health insurance low
we're going to watch people all across
this country paying more and more on
health insurance in August and September
big increases are coming another one is
on education Betsy DeVos that's over at
the Department of Education and what if
she do she helps enable the student loan
outfits that take advantage of our kids
she helps enable the for-profit colleges
that cheat our young people so the way I
see it hard-working families families
like the kind of family I grew up in
right now they're getting squeezed
harder and so senator that sounds like a
very interesting argument for someone
who may run for president might that be
you I
running for Senate 2018 whoo-hoo
Massachusetts and I want to say Allie
I'm taking nothing for granted this
weekend I will be doing my 30th Town
Hall every one of these town halls has
been enormous ly fun and energizing and
exciting people come they talk about
what they're worried about and we talk
together about what we can do to be in
the fight what we can do those make
America a country that lives up to its
value those hardworking Americans you're
talking about sounds somewhat like
Trump's base that forgotten American who
isn't being served by this
administration's policies why aren't
they then turning why do they remain so
loyal to the president when we both know
their wages aren't increasing and their
health care costs are spiking look you
probably need some kind of political
pundit to go through whatever polling or
whatever that's just not mine I can tell
you what I what I do know and that is we
have two jobs to get out there and talk
about the people we care about and
that's hardworking Americans and to show
them we really will fight for them I
think that's what this election is going
to be all about hey MSNBC fans thanks
for checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
