so what was his light was he like when
you're just with him I mean he is
absolutely right he's brimming with
confidence right now though Donald Trump
and the his aides here in the White
House feel like this is one of the best
periods of their presidency the last few
weeks capped off by the Cavanaugh
victory the fact that he has been seated
on the court and they feel like that the
fight surrounding the nomination is
really fueling Republican voters who
were at a sort of a disadvantage when it
came to enthusiasm going into the
midterms Democrats seemed much more
excited to go out there and vote the
Republicans and they believe that's not
the case anymore that Republicans are
excited that they have cabin on the
bench but more so were angry at how he
was mistreated and in fact that's a
point he made tonight in this interview
that was very striking that he actually
drew a link to how Kavanaugh was treated
the idea that he was from guilty I was
then proven innocent - what happened
with which did the journalist who
disappeared in Saudi Arabia and in the
Saudi Arabian Consul an instable
believing that he that Saudi Arabia was
also being dealt the same way presumed
guilty and having to prove innocent and
he is this is president right now is is
doubling down on that idea and he feels
that he is a hit upon a winning message
going into the midterms your eyes the
absurdity of that whatever you say about
the Cavanaugh I wasn't in Cavanaugh's
house this is in the Saudi Arabia
consulate his fiance stood at the door
while her fiance went in there and never
came out
it isn't like there's a big I get the
Christian Scott story here he walked
into a building and never came out of
the building what are we talking about
in the building was Saudi and this isn't
a mystery that's right in some place
there's audio and there's video and
that's right and the president is
doubling down on this and making this
absurd why is he gonna show up into a
pretzel to defend the indefensible
because he's getting ready to lose and
he's going to lose big okay let me get
back to at least on this explain Trump
with you right now he's hot-dogging in
the end zone he must have said I got
enough male votes and very conservative
women who are maybe a little
accepting more of this kind of awful
talk by men and I'll live with that I'll
take my share of the pie Chris I think
you're being overly generous I think
it's his lack of self-control
I think he just wants to say what he
wants to say well I think that he wanted
to hit back he's so angry over stormy
Daniels her in the book describing his
manhood in terms that he feels are not
sufficiently flattering and he actually
had a victory he was he'd won the
defamation case and so he instead of
just resting on his laurels he has to
bring the controversy back into
everyone's view and he looks disgusting
and small-minded as his part for the
course behavior let me let me add
something but both of you said and
that's about you and Donna I think if
you look at the way he puts away his
opponent in male opponents like Marco
Rubio little Marco or he puts away you
have low energy a jab or something
there's always a little fun with it
there's a little sort of fun to kick
them out of the room kind of thing but
there's vengeance when it comes to women
there's a hatred there there's something
I want to get to the bottom of please
psychiatrist let me know what is this
that makes him so angry at something
like stormy Daniels if he had the affair
with her or the one night whatever why
is he so mad at her and if he didn't
then why did you dismiss miss this whole
thing in the beginning there's something
about him that really he was enraged at
Hillary he's still angry at Hillary he's
not still angry at Jeb he's not still
angry at Marco would somebody explain
this to me why is he got a problem with
women well Chris story here on excerpt
she said in her excerpt that she
physically spanked Donald Trump and you
look at the media campaign she is waged
against him over about I guess the past
year and she is just staked standing up
against him every day in a way that he
is vulnerable and he can't stand and he
does not like strong women who aren't
going to take any of his BS well that's
it right you went behind me I didn't
know you'd get into the Spanky however
well but go ahead
no but that's it right there it's the
strong women any woman who potentially
can best him Donald Trump doesn't like
he can he can't even take it with men
but he can laugh them away but with
women he has to
double down and then he goes deep and he
goes personal and he goes nasty and
women across America are looking at this
and they are not seeing a guy that they
want emulated in their homes in their
workplaces and they're gonna show that
by voting this No hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
