join us now senior White House
correspondent for Time magazine Brian
Bennett Brian good morning you're here
with this week's cover story titled the
summit crisis the crisis you say is of
the president's own making tell us what
you say inside well this this image
itself is very striking and we wanted to
bring attention to this week's events in
the summit and in particular we wanted
to bring attention to how striking it
was that President Trump was willing to
align himself with President Putin of
Russia on so many issues whether it was
the way forward in Syria anti-nato
rhetoric all of this all of these
objectives that have been longtime
Russian priorities president Trump was
willing to stand next to President Putin
and seemingly aligned with Russian
interests one of of course the one of
the most incredible moments was when
President Trump was asked point-blank by
a reporter who do you believe that US
intelligence assessments that Russia
meddled in the 2016 elections or
president Putin's denials Brian you say
here that Trump's defenders are just
trying to say that the president is
really driven here by a defensive reflex
to defend the legitimacy of his 2016
election victory well I think we can all
agree that this is not helping with the
legitimacy so what are some of the other
options that we need to with a level
head start to consider here to explain
the president's motivations for this
behavior well so I think you're right
there is no satisfactory explanation for
why the president has has taken Putin
and Russia aside on so many critical
issues when it comes to US interests
overseas and and I think that the big
question is why and when it comes to
President Trump certainly we know from
people close to him that his ego plays a
huge huge role in that that he is
obsessed with the legitimacy of the 2016
election and his victory and that that
seems to have clouded judgment when it
comes to all these other issues when it
comes to next steps certainly members of
Congress are extremely concerned that
President Trump is not taking the
interest of the country first is taking
his personal interest or some other
interests first
and that is something that the founders
designed the presidency and specifically
designed the oath of the presidency to
address hey Brian it's Sam Stein here
I've only worked for digital
publications it never worked for a print
magazine like yours this week made me
very happy for working at digital
publications because there were at least
two maybe three potential walk backs of
comments that were made by the president
I'm wondering if someone was putting
together publication as you see Trump
say something and then say you know I
didn't mean mean would have been
wouldn't if you see his prosecutors say
I didn't mean he didn't mean no he meant
basically yes how do you handle that as
someone who has to put together a print
publication issue I mean do you take
those denials at face value how do you
adjust your coverage around them well
when you look at the totality of what
Trump said standing next to President
Putin on Monday that moment where he had
the opportunity to confront President
Putin tell him not to meddle in the 2016
to his face standing next to me didn't
take that opportunity so even if there
are these iterations of walk backs which
by the way Trump did in a very
ham-handed way leaving it open to other
people to the possibility that other
people may have hacked the 2016 election
it's entirely possible to paint a
comprehensive picture that the president
Trump is still not convinced that the
intelligence or doesn't want to back up
the intelligence that Russia meddled in
the 2016 elections and that he's
continuing to try to undermine those
conclusions by the way Brian Sam's long
and winding question was just a humble
brag reminding us how young and hip he
is rent get that print on your fingers
the new issue of time is the summit
crisis Brian Bennett thank you very much
no context I'm speechless it's still
ahead president Trump seemed to suggest
earlier this week that Montenegro could
cause World War three now some lawmakers
and members of trumps own administration
are weighing in and they are not on the
same page that's coming up on Morning
Joe thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and
n-b-c thanks so much for watching
