in today's coincidence news just hours
after Trump floated the idea that
Washington Post journalist Jamal
khashoggi was potentially murdered by
rogue killers
it seems the Saudi government is
planning to give an explanation that
absolves the crown prince NBS of any
blame NBC news reporting that the Saudis
will claim khashoggi did die in their
consulate in Turkey but it was an
interrogation attempt gone wrong and
just a short time ago Trump checked in
with his Secretary of State Mike Pompeo
who's in Riyadh today tweeting just
spoke with the crown prince of Saudi
Arabia who totally denied any knowledge
of what took place in their Turkish
consulate he was with the Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo during the call and
told me that he has already started and
will rapidly expand a full and complete
investigation into this matter answers
will be forthcoming shortly joining us
on set now is former CIA director now
NBC News senior national security
analyst John Brennan we've been dying to
talk to you about this for days first
your thoughts on Donald Trump previewing
the Saudi line on rogue killers before
even the Saudis trotted that out well
I'm sure that Donald Trump has been
talking to his national security team
and they've been floating ideas about
what possibly could be the explanation
for this as well as what could be a
possible explanation of what happens
despite the facts in the reality so this
idea of rogue killers is one that
probably was bandied about I don't
believe for a moment the fact that this
took place inside of a Saudi diplomatic
mission and in Turkey and there were
planeloads of Saudis that went there MBS
Mohammed Salman the crown prince has a
stranglehold over the Saudi government's
security and intelligence apparatus I
find it so far-fetched that anything
like this could happen without his
intimate knowledge and approval
beforehand and you aren't suggesting
former intelligence officials have said
that there's not much likelihood that
his PDB said one scenario is rogue
killer so you're saying that one of the
explanations his national security
advisors may have told him to expect
from NBS was that it was a rogue element
in the security force yeah I don't know
what he was told by his net security
by the intelligence officials that he's
been talking to but I can imagine that
in conversations that this idea of row
killers either as the actual reason or
as an excuse has one that's been raised
I want to read you something the first
Riedel writes murder in the Middle East
for the last four years NBS sought to
portray himself as a reformer who
understands the kingdom must changed to
survive he allowed women to drive and
open the country to concerts wrestling
and movies the intense and expensive
lobbying campaign worked with many and
the Prince was lauded from Boston to San
Francisco Donald Trump hailed him as a
reformer before the UN the Mirage is now
shattered the crown prince is a reckless
and dangerous disrupter he shakes down
his subjects for their wealth detains
women activists who demand rights mutes
the former Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Nayef in house arrest and tries to bully
countries from Canada to Lebanon the
pattern of behavior has been obvious for
years but the veil only fell in Istanbul
well I think he can be both I think it
can be a reformer as well as a ruthless
authoritarian leader and he has done
some reforms inside of Saudi Arabia in
terms of allowing women to drive saying
that movie theaters are going to open
limiting the prohibitions against the
mixed sex gatherings inside of Saudi
Arabia and I do think he has a vision
that's his 2030 ambitious program to try
to diversify the Saudi economy bring
additional investment in and to bring
elements of Saudi Arabia into the 21st
century that are not there yet at the
same time he is somebody who is I would
say drunk on power he is very aggressive
in terms of what he's doing he has
eliminated all rivals within the royal
family moving his uncle first out of the
Crown Prince perch crown that was Prince
Makran and then his older cousin Prince
Mohammed bin Nayef I think he has had
this in mind for quite a number of years
he is the favorite son of a very senior
Prince formerly and now the king and I
think he's been used to getting his way
for many many years and once he was able
to consolidate power in his own hands
and remove any rivals within the royal
family councils I think he was the one
who was deciding how Saudi Arabia's
future course should be charted you said
he could be a reformer
and you know essentially the the
ruthless leader who carried out this
attack on the Washington Post columnist
do you think that the reformer was spin
do you think that was presentation to
win over hearts and minds in Hollywood
where he invested in in in the biggest
industry in Los Angeles entertainment to
win hearts and minds in Silicon Valley
where he made big investments in the
tech industry to win hearts and minds in
New York's elite circles to win hearts
and minds in this White House which
doesn't sound like it was particularly
challenging with Jared Kushner and the
president again I think it can be both I
think he firmly believed and I had
conversations with him about the need to
reform Saudi society and so I think he
was very interested in making some
changes that were fundamental to Saudi
Arabia's future and also trying to
reduce the influence of Islamic
extremists within Saudi institutions at
the same time though I think he
leveraged that as a way to appeal to
those quarters that you pointed out and
tried to attract more interest in what
he is doing also I think it was a way to
gather public support inside of Saudi
Arabia for his leadership and so he was
appealing to some of the younger
segments within Saudi society who saw
him as a reformer and liked the idea of
opening up some things but he was very
very scrupulous as far as not allowing
that reform to go beyond what he wanted
that's why he arrested a number of these
women activists who were criticizing him
for what he was not doing who lobbied
for the reforms that he ultimate and so
he wants to reform but he wants reform
at his pace and in his way and in a
limited manner so that there's no
opposition that can develop against him
and so these are all the traits of an
authoritarian ruler and he really did
have total monopoly on military security
intelligence powers within Saudi Arabia
I want to stay on that because the
people you've forgotten more about the
kingdom than any of us watching will
ever know but the people that he put on
house arrest of the kinds of folks that
the US government Democratic and
Republican presidents worked closely
with and they were largely in charge of
security and intelligence right so is
there any
chance that if he jailed the previous
people to oversee security intelligence
that he wasn't intimately involved in
all security and intelligence operations
like the one that resulted in Jamarcus
Yogi's death I yeah I could I could not
see it as possible that he was not the
person who was aware of and authorized
this operation whether or not it went
badly and they weren't planning to kill
him
I don't know but for something of this
magnitude going after a u.s. person a
journalist for the u.s. resident a
journalist for the Washington Post at a
foreign diplomatic mission a Saudi to
Mike mission in a foreign country
he should have realized he and he I
think everybody in Saudi Arabia would
have realized that this is a major major
action and I don't believe any of the
heads of security services or
intelligence services would have done
this without the explicit explicit
direction and authorization from
Mohammed Salman I asked a former
intelligence official why and he said
because he can is that your assessment I
think he certainly has felt emboldened
over the past several years because he's
been so successful in consolidating
power he also is feeted and given all
these accolades whenever he goes around
whether it be in Europe or the United
States and everybody caters to him and I
think that has really inflated his sense
of power and felt as though he could do
these things and also a very close
relationship that he has developed with
Donald Trump as well as with Jared
Kushner I think he felt that that
us-saudi relationship then could
withstand any type of little you know
speed bump that this might might cause
and I think he very badly miscalculated
do you why you think Donald Trump's
gonna turn on him how was the Trump push
our relationship in this calculation
they've got his back even as the Saudis
get ready to concede that they may be
responsible or culpable well I have
great confidence in my former colleagues
at the CIA and the rest the Intel's
community to uncover what actually
happened here and although Donald Trump
and others in the administration may try
to cover it up in some way it's really
going to be up to the congressional
intelligence committees to demand
immediate briefings from CIA and others
about what we know and what NBS is role
was in that so I don't think in fact MBS
is going to get out of this predicament
in fact in many respects I think
government has to decide between
Muhammad Salman and the us-saudi
relationship and the us-saudi
relationship has been fundamental to the
kingdom for the past eighty-five years
since its founding through 9/11 it did
now the question is who can as a
challenge MBS within the family King
Salman who I always thought was a very
fair and judicious individual and and he
had responsibility for meeting out
justice to royal family members who did
some things that they should have done
and some princess were actually executed
or imprisoned and so now who within this
environment of the royal family Council
is going to be able to be the
independent voice that is going to be
able to tell King Salman your favorite
son Mohammed bin Salman authorized this
awful atrocious and very reckless action
that now is putting a great risk the
relationship the United States let me
can I press you on I mean we've had so
many conversations about Congress not
doing their oversight well what gives
you faith that Congress and Republican
control will exercise their oversight
role over the intelligence community and
suss out what the intelligence community
knew and try to isolate Trump and
Kushner as outliers by towing the Saudi
line well I've heard now from Marco
Rubio and Lindsey Graham and others
senior members of the Senate Republican
members of the Senate who are outraged
and who are determined to get to the
bottom of this and so I I do hope that
they're going to draw the line of this
and hold not just the Saudis and
Muhammad Salman to account but also the
Trump administration and not let the
Saudis get away with what appears to be
the killing of a u.s. person a permanent
resident to the United States and a
journalist for The Washington Post they
cannot get away with this and I think
that this is basically the downfall of
Mohamed Salah you think the Trump do you
think Donald Trump is participating in a
cover-up I don't know I certainly hope
not
and this is where the congressional
committees of intelligence jurisdiction
are going to be so incredibly important
because they need to get to the bottom
of what the intelligence community knows
and I am certainly confident that my
former colleagues at CIA and others are
going to speak truth to power here
then you just speak truth to the white
to the White House but they also need to
tell the congressional committees
exactly what they know you should tell
the American people too I hope I think
ultimately this is going to come out and
it's very important for us to maintain
good relations with Saudi Arabia and if
it's Mohammed bin Salman who's the
cancer here well we need to be able to
find ways to eliminate the cancer and to
move forward with this relationship that
is critical to regional stability and
our national curity interests
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
