there are new details in the case of
this Russian national arrested and
accused of being an illegal Kremlin
agent Maria boo Tina made her first
court appearance today new court
documents allege she took orders from a
Russian official with close ties to
Putin and from the looks of her
apartment she appears to been getting
ready to skip town at the time of her
arrest before we talk about this with
our next guest we get some quick
background tonight from NBC News justice
correspondent Pete Williams
the FBI says during the two years murray
abou tina was making a name for herself
as a washington DC college student and
gun enthusiast hoping to further
relations with russia she had a dark
secret
prosecutors say her every move was
directed by a Russian government
official alexander tortion close ally of
vladimir putin investigators say she hid
in plain sight joining the NRA to get
close to influential Republicans unaware
law enforcement officials say that the
FBI was watching her the Russians for
decades have been trying to penetrate
Washington circles this is very
reminiscent of the 10 Russian illegals
the sleeper agents who were arrested
several years ago but this was a speed
version of that at a 2015 Trump event in
Las Vegas she asked the candidate a
question if you would be elected as a
president what will be your foreign
policy politic especially in the
relationships with my country
court documents say she offered sex for
access to an unnamed political group the
FBI arrested her last weekend when she
was packing up to move in court today
she pleaded not guilty
prosecutors said she should be jailed
pending trial because she could slip
into the Russian embassy and the FBI
couldn't stop her but her lawyer says
she's no flight risk and is known for
months that she was under investigation
she's not in the agent of the Russian
government the Russian Federation she's
innocent of the charges brought against
her most importantly she's young
students he
take away in America she's not charged
with being a spy but the FBI says she
was part of a covert Russian campaign to
influence American politics Pete
Williams NBC News at federal court in
Washington should she worry that her
lawyer is reading off a piece of paper
we don't know the booty Necaise is not a
Muller case
Muller's office as we've been talking
about did just indict those 12 Russian
intelligence officers and tonight
notably President Trump was asked again
whether he's willing to meet with
Muller's team but what she said any more
likely to say an interview now my
lawyers are working on that I've always
wanted to do an interview because look
there's been no collusion
there's been no talk of Russia there's
been no phone call there's been nothing
and it's I call it a witch hunt that's
exactly what it is well let's talk about
this and with us to do that former US
Attorney Joyce Vance who spent 25 years
as a federal prosecutor Joyce if this
isn't crazy it'll do till crazy gets
here as they say what do you make what
strikes you about this case of this
young woman again who was apparently
fixing to leave town you know it looks
that way and it also looks like we're
finally getting to watch that season of
the Americans that the producers
wouldn't run because it seemed too
far-fetched right yeah this all joking
aside I think that this is a very
serious case although it's not currently
being handled by Muller's team it looks
like a case that could end up there or
that could be a companion case to their
work because of the very serious nature
of allegations that Russians were trying
to influence the NRA and we know that
thirty million dollars in money funneled
out of the NRA into the presidential
campaign more than the NRA had ever
contributed so there are serious
questions that will need to be answered
here and I know you're not a political
analyst but spool this out a little bit
and if that's proven if Russian money
was in an NRA pool you've got all these
people running for re-election in the
midterms whose opponents can now say my
opponent accepted Russian money from the
gun lobby
there's an enormous amount of political
risk here potentially for people who are
accepting money or who were otherwise
intertwined with the NRA perhaps that's
why we're not hearing a lot of chitchat
from the NRA itself I would have
expected them to come out a lot more
strongly in defense of their
organization and all of their many
leaders who have appeared in photographs
accepting an honorary membership in boo
Tina's Russian gun organization but
we've not seen that obviously there's a
lot of information left here to come out
and it could be very dangerous for
politicians
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
