Donald Trump under fire for taking
Putin's side of the story yes again now
if you watch the news you know this is a
recurring theme in a week that has seen
Donald Trump tried to walk back his
embrace of Putin in Helsinki then faced
withering criticism including from many
conservatives and tonight's problem
begins with Donald Trump saying this you
hear it there no and last time it took
Trump well about a full day to backtrack
today it was a few hours in the White
House tried to take what you just saw
back is that what the president actually
believes do you understand the question
and is his position speak with the
president after his comments and the
president was said thank you very much
and was saying no to answering questions
no to answering questions so Donald
Trump lies and trolls a lot that is a
document in fact the question for
America is how to respond and his
attempts to damage control this week
increasingly inviting ridicule like the
normally Trump friendly TMZ saying that
yesterday's dodged amounted to Trump I
didn't commit treason I just watched a
double negative
and today's claim that no wasn't really
a no drew mockery from Republicans do
you believe no more questions
as a joke I saw it sir sure looked like
he was saying no that's consistent with
what he's been saying you know again and
again began that he mistrusts our
intelligence services and believes the
words of Putin so that was a joke there
which wasn't funny because the problem
is so serious now to be fair unfunny
jokes are something we know a lot about
here at the beat meanwhile tonight the
president compared himself to Putin in a
new interview you agree with u.s.
intelligence that's Russia meddled in
the election in 2016
yeah but and I've said that before if I
have said that numerous times before and
I would say that that is true yeah but
you haven't condemned poun specifically
do you hold him personally responsible
well I would because he's in charge of
the country just like I consider myself
to be responsible for things that happen
in this country so certainly as the
leader of a country you would have to
hold him responsible yes what'd you say
to him a very strong one the fact that
we can't have meddling we can't have any
of that very strong the Putin that we
can't have meddling that he is allegedly
how Trump sounds when he gets a safe
distance from Putin everyone saw it was
a different story when they were
side-by-side and that is why I want to
hold this up today's New York Times
features something you don't usually see
right here on the front page a headline
exploring a mainstream and now national
debate about whether the president
United States is committing treason it
is common to claim that nothing matters
it feels like to some people in the
Trump era facts do matter
it was facts and criticism and pushback
that exposed Trump's border policy and
made him partly cave on it and now it's
facts this public spectacle of Trump
siding with Putin as the Russian leader
stood by and walked him out there and
watched those are facts Americans saw
and which have already led Trump to at
least spin and try to revise his
position however partially however
ridiculously tonight it is facts that
are also driving some to raise this
question on the front page of the top
the president's alleged disloyalty is to
his own nation and that has some
legislators saying they want this
interpreter to testify before Congress
to find out what really happened in this
private meeting with Putin those
meetings are usually reserved to the
utmost secrecy between leaders in a
moment the senator leading the push to
question the u.s. interpreter on that
meeting will join us right here live on
the beat which should be quite
interesting but we begin with the
Washington Post George will one of those
conservative critics his new column says
Donald Trump is a quote child president
kind of like a baby with a quote
playdate with a KGB alumnus and Michelle
Goldberg Goldberg a columnist for The
New York Times who writes in her own
paper that Trump has a slavish and
toadying performance towards Trump this
week we're also joined by a special
guest and friend of the beat Tony
Schwartz who's CEO the energy project
and co-authored the art of the deal
mister will I begin with you because
it's a longtime reader of yours
you are not known for being reflexively
or automatically hyper critical of
Republican presidents on foreign policy
although you you you've made your
criticisms before I think this is the
first time you've used this language
about a president in the relationship
with Russia what moved you to do that
what concerns you about what appears to
be an unfolding Trump made crisis in the
u.s. relationship with Russia this week
sir well you're quite right that this is
Trump made the president is and I want
to say this as delicately as possible
syntactically challenged he has a very
difficult time getting from subject
object predicate through a sentence the
sentences tend to explode in mid-flight
and for that reason it sometimes is
difficult to know what he intended to
say no I I think as a matter of
philosophy if you can't say something
you can't think it and the fact that a
lot of what he says comes out in
confused language indicates that there's
confusion straight through that said it
was quite clear a what he said in
Helsinki which is that he did not side
with the US intelligence agencies and be
that someone and I would love to have an
analysis of what happened in the White
House to bring this about someone made
him sit down and read a statement he
doesn't like to read he doesn't like to
read statements but to actually go
through with this kind of contrition
theater after after that but then as
soon as he was done with the contrition
he began to say well there are a lot of
other people out there again a kind of
verbal gas that just put more fog back
in place so I'll follow up when you say
sir contrition theater your emphasis is
on the notion that this was not
authentic of course I mean this is I
don't know if it's the cases has been
reported that some senior White House
people including perhaps the chief of
staff were orchestrating pushback from
the hill in order to get the president
to do this it would have been quicker
just to go and one-stop shopping to Fox
News and get someone there to disapprove
of it but in it clearly the president
was either startled or his staff was
startled by the this pushback and and
clearly someone in the administration
said you better do this or they'll be
trouble in-house in-house right and then
and the notion that it could get even
worse than what was widespread public
opprobrium Tony George says the
president doesn't like to read he also
not not known for writing although you
were a part of ghost writing a
best-seller of his you've been ringing
an alarm bell very vociferously this
week and part of it is about what is
motivating Donald Trump to act this way
and here we have a spectacle of
Christopher Wallace who I should mention
happens to be on a competitor Channel
although he he definitely contributed I
think to public information with his
interview of Vladimir Putin and some of
what we learned from it here was some of
the exchange with Putin Tony as Chris
Wallace who gathers at Fox raising
profound questions about what motivates
Trump to act this way this week there
are many theories in the United States
about why President Trump is so
reluctant to criticize you and I'd like
to ask
about a couple of them one is that you
have something or them compromise we
don't have anything on them and it can
be anything on them
I don't wanna insult President Trump
when I say this and I'm a stammers rude
but before he announced that he will run
for presidency he was of no interest for
us Tony well I'm willing to believe that
he was of no interest until he ran for
president that that makes sense on the
other hand what Putin does is exactly
what Trump does or what Trump does is
what Putin does which is they they lie
for a living so it's irrelevant what
Putin said in that moment as it is when
Trump says what he says here's the irony
irony about Donald Trump that's very
unusual
that you have a person who when he is
impulsive and speaking reactively he
tends to tell the truth it's a grim
truth that he tells because it reflects
what he actually believes and when he is
reflective or when he takes time to
think about what he's going to say he
always lies hmm
let that sink in Michele I want to ask
you something but senator Sheheen's
office has told us to get her on we have
to go to her first
so that's transparently the situation so
the whole panel stays with me let me
give a little context to what is about
to be we hope a newsworthy interview
there is a push to find out what Trump
and Putin talked about in their summit
meeting that was in private Trump's
translator debriefed by US officials but
experts say the Russians have their own
information
I think whatever mr. Trump said in that
meeting with mr. Putin is now
memorialized on Russian tape and it will
be used as necessary by mr. Putin
against mr. Trump Kremlin even claims
there was a deal that came out of the
meeting bragging about quote agreements
in the sphere of international security
now no US officials are joining up in
that kind of statement lawmakers want to
hear from this Trump translator it's
important for us to know what was said
in the meeting and the interpreter is
the one in the room who
may have some of that information we
want the interpreter to come before the
committee we want to see the notes all
of us want to know what took place I'm
not sure it's appropriate to subpoena
translation notes but if it is we'll
certainly look at it I'm joined by the
center you just saw there in that clip
jeanne shaheen who is leading the push
to find out what happened behind those
closed doors thank you for making time I
realize you have a very busy schedule
we've been working with nice to have you
why should this type of information go
to the Congress and potentially become
public Congress has an oversight
responsibility for our foreign policy we
are an independent branch of government
if we can't get the information to do
our jobs then the American people are
the ones who are hurt so it's very clear
that we're not getting a readout from
the administration about what happened
in that meeting the interpreter is the
only one as far as I know who knows what
actually happened and it's not
acceptable to have the Russian
government tell us what happened in that
meeting
it's the Defense Ministry in Russia
that's put out a statement about what
was agreed to in that meeting it's just
not acceptable for Congress to take that
as what happened in the meeting did you
ever make this kind of request of an
interpreter working for a previous
administration say the Obama or Bush
administration no but we've also never
had this kind of an unprecedented
meeting where the President of the
United States stood up and took the side
of our aggressor the Russian government
against the American people and our own
intelligence agencies do you see this
then as an exception or a potentially
new rule because senator as you know
there may be many viewers who hear what
you're saying that this seemed really
bad and thus and thus is a reason to do
something but what if then all private
meetings between heads of state are
going to have this kind of this kind of
potential leaking
wouldn't that be bad for US diplomacy
look III can't address all those other
meetings that may happen at some point
between presidents and heads of state
what I'm telling folks now and what I
believe now is that Congress needs to
understand what happened at that meeting
we saw as I said an unprecedented
performance by an American president
president undercutting United States
interests taking this side of Russia
which is not a competitor as it was
described by President Trump but is an
aggressor nation we've seen what
happened in Ukraine we've seen their
meddling in our elections in 2016 we've
heard from Dan Coates the president's
own DNI that they're doing it again in
advance of the 2018 midterm elections
and yet the president in the face of all
of that evidence took the side of
Vladimir Putin that is just not
acceptable and the final question for
you broadening out to I think what
you've just raised and we've been
reporting and I think viewers have heard
a lot about the theories the mainlining
of the questions what the New York Times
today was looking at is the treason
question do you have any reason to
believe or are you concerned that the
reason that Donald Trump did as you say
tonight undercut US interest in this
meeting is somehow illicit is for some
nefarious reason I have no idea why he
did it but the point is Congress needs
to fulfill our responsibilities of
oversight of our foreign policy and as a
separate independent branch of
government and to do that we need
information senator shaheen joining us
between other activities on the hill
thank you for telling us about your
effort tonight much appreciated I bring
back the panel Michelle your thoughts I
mean my thoughts are that Congress was
really remiss in letting this meeting go
forward in the first place although
obviously they're you know their power
over Trump is limited but there should
have been a huge human cry over the fact
that the president was going into this
meeting by himself something
that other that no previous president
would have done and that basically the
American people it was known going into
it that we were going to have to take
either Trump or Putin's word for what
was said and and why reward him with a
meeting after these indictments and not
just that but also even if you assumed
as I don't assume that Trump doesn't
have sinister motives he's now in a
position where Putin can say that Trump
agreed to anything he wants and Trump
has kind of no way to argue otherwise I
mean it's just it was both it was just
so strategically idiotic if you assume
that Trump in any way has interests that
are contrary to Putin's which is you
know not necessarily an obvious
assumption yeah George I want to read to
you from your column this is the part of
the newscast where we go into this sort
of baroque fugue state and think about
the difficult questions and you lay them
out disturbingly you write Jim mattis
John Kelly Daniel Coates and others
might believe they must stay in their
positions lest there be no adult
supervision of the Oval playpen this is
a serious worry but so is this can those
people do their jobs for someone who has
neither respect nor loyalty for them
George well these gentlemen are serious
people and they are vastly experienced
and they have a very difficult decision
to make and I think either way they
decide it deserves respect it is to say
no more interesting that the president
wanted neither his National Security
Advisor Bolton nor his Secretary of
State Pompeo in the room with him when
he was with with mr. Putin it is not
within the power of Congress to prevent
this summit in in Helsinki the
President's powers in conducting foreign
policy are almost plenary but Congress
could of course have raised a hullabaloo
about the going forward with it and
perhaps should have done
and it strikes me is that they're gonna
have to think long and hard well that
they really want to subpoena this
interpreter who was in the room Woodrow
Wilson famously as part of his 14 points
to remake the world wanted open
covenants openly arrived at there has to
be a certain degree of privacy and
secrecy in the conduct of diplomacy so
whether Congress really wants to set
foot under this dark and bloody ground
of controversy I'm not sure yeah and I
think that's a fair point that I was I
was that's why I was raising the
question for the senator because one can
see the overwhelming interest in this
meeting and yet we all know how
president works Tony if you go down that
road then you don't necessarily have a
limiting principle what are your
thoughts on the larger difficult
questions that are facing the nation
what to do about this what happens in a
situation where you still have a
constitutionally elected individual here
and know no way to address what many
people including according to reports
people inside Trump's own administration
viewed as a cataclysmic disloyal failure
of foreign policy this week well you
know we're dealing with an exceptional
case obviously a unique case with Trump
and in any other situation you would
imagine that the person would be
immediately either impeached or in one
way or another force to resign for
saying the kinds of disloyal things he
did and for arguably being a traitor
what I think is that the Republicans at
this point are quite clearly not going
to respond to anything that Trump can
shoot someone in the middle of the
street which is the equivalent of what
he did the equivalent of what he did and
nobody will respond nobody who supports
him will respond so I think actually
what you have is an extraordinary issue
now for the Democrats going forward
which is and you know I can see the ads
as we go forward do you want glad Amir
Putin as your president or do you want a
Democrat and democracy and I would
imagine that that's going to be a very
very powerful argument to make
there's always going to be the 20 or 30%
that are gonna stay with him no matter
what but I have to say the number of
people who don't want Putin to be in
charge of our country or don't want
Trump to be a Putin in charge of our
country vastly exceeds the number who
don't and so all the only question
really is will they get out and vote hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
