new tonight a judge jailing the Russian
indicted for political activity inside
the US and 2016 here is the agent she's
behind bars based on federal charges
that she worked with Russian
intelligence to infiltrate GOP circles
Maria Bettina was in a critical court
appearance today she wore an orange
jumpsuit and asserted her innocence now
many offense are free awaiting trial
Bettina though tonight I can tell you is
stuck in jail based on new allegations
and evidence we are learning from these
new federal indictments in while Trump's
widely panned Putin summit has gotten a
lot of the attention what's in here is
fascinating often reading like a spy
novel prosecutors alleging she offered
to trade sex in exchange for a position
with a political group that she moved in
with a conservative political consultant
to further infiltrate GOP circles in spy
novels this kind of thing is called a
honeypot sexual seduction on behalf of a
foreign intelligence operation in these
new charges it's Russian sexual activity
alleged to be part of an effort to
cultivate conservatives in pro-gun
political groups right here in the US
and these orders allegedly come from a
Putin linked oligarch who Bettina
dramatically told an election night I am
ready for further orders it's a lot now
we don't know if those orders ever
involved what looks now like a very
embarrassing exchange with Donald Trump
himself he may have had no idea in what
you're about to see that he was speaking
to this newly indicted alleged covert
Russian operative I'm visiting from
Russia
good friend of Obama Putin mighty bomb a
lot
go ahead my question will be about
foreign politics I'm joined by Tim
Dickinson from Rolling Stone he reported
on boo Tina's alleged infiltration all
the way back in April what is this story
about well this has turned into like a
real-life plotline from the Americans
it's just sort of staggering and when we
started piecing this together back in
the spring we didn't really understand I
think that we were piecing together
what's now alleged to be a vast criminal
conspiracy involving Russian
intelligence and Russian oligarch
funders seeking to essentially you know
flip the NRA and and religious
conservatives
you know just try and reverse the gops
hostility towards Russia and when you
look at for example what's in here
that's now coming out a document
uncovering a handwritten note that says
Maria's Russian Patriots in waiting
organization how to respond to this FSB
offer of employment as for the agent
whirring the Trump team I'm also reading
Trump's campaign advisers wondering
about one of these encounters this is
from David corn and Michael Isikoff the
book Bannon said the Trump had a fully
developed answer whatever they were
events held by conservative groups she
was always around three was told Bannon
why did it not get farther than this
earlier if so many folks were seeing
something suspicious because this is a
years long effort to infiltrate
right-wing conservative circles and
first her handler alleged handler
tortion whose that was a top russian
senator at the time came over is sort of
this eccentric gun nut and he kept
coming to the NRA conventions and joined
the NRA and made lots of buddies there
including this guy david keene who was
the nra president at the time and so
tortion the sort of swashbuckling rush
and came and carved this path and then
they started having these exchanges with
this brand new upstart gun group in
Russia the sort of Potemkin gun group
that they had set up with butene a-- is
the sort of very calmly founder of this
and she became she followed in in
torsions path and became friends with
all these same people they got john
bolton to cut a video for them she was
attending the tentacles of this thing
went really far and wide and so it was
sort of so slow and and so convincing
here that they've invited these nra
folks over to russia vetted them in
moscow lots of vodka you me same saying
we all love guns it was the idea and all
of a sudden everyone's deeply
compromised and this one guy american
the US person one got especially
compromised as we can tell from these
latest indictments it's an extraordinary
set of allegations as always they remain
just allegations because they haven't
been proven in court yet but they do
have some evidence and you had some
reporting to begin it all off it's it's
extraordinary tim dicket's and thank you
so much hey i'm all remember from MSNBC
you can see more of our videos right
or better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
