anyway in his press conference with
Putin President Trump spoke approvingly
at Putin's proposal to merge Russian law
enforcement efforts with those of the
United States such an unprecedent and
awful agreement would allow him kremlin
officials to question American citizens
potentially including former US
ambassador Russian Michael McFaul
who's also at MSNBC International
Affairs analyst today press secretary
Sarah Sanders said that the president
still considering Putin's absurd
proposal here she goes hmm president
Trump's support that idea is the opening
US officials question the president is
going to meet with his team and we'll
let you know when we have an
announcement on that there for a second
is that a topic that came up in their
conversation was an impudent racist with
the president wrong there was some
conversation about it but there wasn't a
commitment made on behalf of the United
States the president called it an
interesting idea he said it was an
incredible offer why would you say that
he said it was an interesting idea he
didn't commit to anything he wants to
work with his team and determine if
there's any validity that would be
helpful to the process minutes later
minutes later the spokesman for the
State Department said that Russia's
allegations against those American
citizens they want to question are
absurd let's watch her the overall
search assertions that have come out of
the Russian government are absolutely
absurd the fact that they want to
question eleven American citizens and
the assertions that the Russian
government is making about those
American citizens we do not stand by
those assertions that the Russian
government makes Jake here's an easy one
for you this is softball and hardball
I don't understand why a president i
States would even listen much less
parrot back a Russian proposal for
Russians to monitor the investigation of
Russian interference disruption and
discrediting of our democracy let the
Russians judge their behavior it's
insane it's worse than absurd your
thoughts Chris it's even worse than that
because not only is he basically saying
go ahead and let the Russians sit in
judgment of whether or not they
interfered in the first place he's also
saying that people like former US
ambassador to Russia Mike McFaul should
be
subject to interrogation by Russians and
when Sarah Huckabee Sanders was pushed
on it today she said well they might
have a valid claim we have to test the
validity of whether the Russians are
right about this that is essentially
selling out American diplomats and
American patriots like Mike McFaul and
saying let's hand them over to Putin's
guys let's see what they have to say
this is the same kind of dereliction of
duty that we saw on display throughout
that entire press conference and to go
back to what Charlie was saying before
this has been true of Donald Trump since
the first minute he stepped on the
campaign unlike every other type of
issue where he is happy to criticize an
attack for some reason with Vladimir
Putin he just can't bring himself to do
it and the question you keep asking why
is a question the American people I
think are increasingly gonna be asking
themselves let me get back to how I
thought for a moment today I saw
something of a Profile in Courage that
was the reporter from the hill refusing
to be used by the white house PR
operation that shut up the reporters
that person refused to offer up a
question to the press secretary Sarah
Huckabee Sanders unless she continued to
listen to your question I thought that
was great because it was so much
different than that reporter from CNN
who was glad to go along with the White
House clamming up of reporters you
thought you're talking about today
Jordan Fabian from the hill who when
Sarah Sanders turned to him after our
question-and-answer session said hey you
know I let I'll let Halle finish her
thought and I was able to I thought it
was a as I tweeted out classy move by
Jordan follow up questions are a really
important part of our jobs covering this
White House and it's really good really
helpful to be able to ask them I will
also say that there have been instances
in the past when reporters will ask the
same question that another reporter has
been asking so there is a way to try to
get these follow-up questions in and it
is not a matter of members of the press
corps for example ganging up on the
press secretary it is simply a function
of questions perhaps not getting
answered to a satisfactory degree and
reporters trying to get some of those
answers out of officials in the White
House do you think you're breaking the
Kremlin style press coverage Kremlin
style press of tutelage by the White
House in what sense
what do you mean well it seems like they
think they have the right to decide what
questions they're gonna take how's that
semblance style of PR relations go ahead
Sarah Sarah Sanders any other
administration official can choose which
questions they would like to answer and
which questions they would not like to
answer president Trump can do the same
thing when we're in these pool sprays
yelling questions to him like what
happened today he can choose not to
answer questions that is the prerogative
of these officials it doesn't I think
speak to the importance of what we saw
happen multiple times overseas three
times which is the president holding a
news conference and and being
essentially required to answer questions
from these reporters who were directly
asking him as you saw I think most
vividly in helping and then denying what
he just said anyway since nobody knows
what took place during Trump's a private
meeting with Putin over the weekend
Democratic senator jeanne Shaheen of New
Hampshire has proposed that Trump's
interpreter should have to testify
before the Congress here she goes I
think it's important for us to know what
was said in the meeting it's clear that
there's no transcript yet the Russians
seemed to know what was said and what
was agreed to I think it's important for
Congress to know that as well and so if
the president is not going to share that
with us then the interpreter is the one
in the room who may have some of that
information Robert where the chance of
getting that done the interpreter
testifying before the Congress about
what happened in those meetings Chris
I'm the first to admit I'd love to have
that interpreter as a source it's
probably going to not happen on Capitol
Hill that this interpreter would testify
you don't see Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell who controls that sort
of thing and the committee chairmans the
Republicans pushing for that to happen
what matters Chris is what a Secretary
of State Mike Pompeo say when it comes
to Capitol Hill to testify next week
he's the Secretary of State the lead
diplomat of the United States was there
a deal cut behind the scenes people
deserve to know reporters deserve to
know to the president have some kind of
agreement that's evolving right now
behind the scenes about Syria Ukraine we
have very little knowledge well it was
woodrow wilson who promised us to open
agreements openly arrived at hey there
i'm chris hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC
on youtube if you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
