former CIA director John Brennan joins
me now doctor thank you so much for
being here we do appreciate it you want
to respond to the president well you
know when the president Donald Trump was
elected president in November 2016 I was
skeptical that he had the qualifications
the temperament or even the potential to
be a strong president I was willing to
give him the benefit of the doubt but
soon after his election he started to
denigrate the intelligence and law
enforcement profession as well as
professionals as well as their work and
then over the past year and a half I
think he has demonstrated time and time
again that he lies the American people
and that he is not fulfilling the
responsibilities of the office of the
presidency in terms of keeping this
country strong and safe I was hoping he
was going to to bring this country
together after a very contentious
election and so I have been outspoken
and I have taken to the Twittersphere
and so my tweets I will acknowledge or
rather shrill if not strident maybe I'm
not just an intelligence officer and I'm
trying to ring the bell because I see
all the warning signs here especially
when it comes to national security I
worked in national security the
government for close to 35 years and on
issues related to Iran and North Korea
and proliferation and Russia and when I
see the types of things that mr. Trump
is doing yes I will speak out I'm hoping
to be able to shake some quite frankly
some sense since the people around mr.
Trump and those on the on the hill
because the more that they tolerate and
they make excuses for his behavior and
his performance the more they're
enabling him the more they're
encouraging him to do these types of
things I don't know whether or not he
can change his ways or not I don't know
if my tweets making any difference
whatsoever but I feel it's my personal
obligation and I'm gonna stay true to my
principles and the fact that you know
mr. Trump calls me a bad person well I
need to be able to speak openly and
clearly about the concerns that I see in
terms of the future security and safety
of this country hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have
have that problem with us NBC News MSNBC
MTP and the Meet the Press mindset right
here for you on YouTube subscribe now
