so what are the chances then that what
happened in 2016 happens again in
November or in 2020 what would you put
those at I think there's a very high
likelihood as director coach said yeah
that there's going to be efforts to
meddle and interfere now in terms of
their ability to actually affect voter
registration rolls and databases I think
that's hopefully something we can plug
reasonably well as far as the influence
operations are concerned we've got to be
pushing back against that and frankly
part of that involves American citizens
exercising your good judgement and not
simply buying what the Russians are
peddling over the Internet
or using conventional media but does
that push back obviously US citizens
have an obligation here as you're
talking about but does that push back
also extend to the President of the
United States standing side by side of
Vladimir Putin I think everybody ought
to make it clear that it is unacceptable
to have the Russians manipulate or
deceive in order to advance their goal
which is to disrupt social cohesiveness
in the United States and this is
something they've been doing in Europe
and and they've been doing here and
they're doing in other parts of the
Western Hemisphere thank you for
checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button down there and
for more news from MSNBC click on any of
these videos here for the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
