you have a pulitzer prize kendrick lamar
is a young musician the first rapper to
win a Pulitzer Prize ever this past year
and I want to play for you something
from one of his songs in a video that
echoes your work take a look if God got
us we gonna be alright have you have you
heard him quote you before know you've
never seen that no and he's big he's not
Alice Walker big but he's big I'm happy
for him what what do you think about the
way he's using your work all my life I
had to fight well I think he's
understanding that that is the truth of
it especially for poor people and for
people of color in this country we've
had to fight all of our lives and it's a
good thing that we can talk to each
other across generations prizes are a
funny thing I don't imagine you focused
on them but there are people who
criticize the Nobel the Pulitzer for
handing them out to musicians do you
think it should only go to traditional
novelists and poets or musicians as well
I am NOT crazy about prizes ya know so
whoever wants them should have them and
people who could do without them should
do without them
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
