a significant moment in the past could
be coming back to haunt president
Trump's nominee for the Supreme Court
two years ago at a conservative event
judge Brett Kavanaugh was asked if he
could think of a Supreme Court case that
deserved to be overturned he hesitated
to comment at first and then gave this
answer I'm gonna say one Morrison Beals
they said that's the Independent Counsel
statute case it's been effectively
overruled but I would would put the
final nail in here okay now let me just
tell you a little about this on marcin
versus Olson the Supreme Court decided
back in 1988 that the Independent
Counsel Act was constitutional there are
lots of interesting points to debate
about it but they did decide it was
constitutional this is important because
right now President Trump in his
campaign are being invited investigated
by a special counsel robert muller and
Cavanaugh has already said he doesn't
think a sitting president should be
indicted now there are distinctions
between an independent counsel and a
special counsel but there are important
similarities and joining me now to
discuss them is Liz Holtzman she's an
attorney and former US Congresswoman she
was one of the authors of the Ethics in
Government Act which governed this whole
idea so while that has evolved and
changed the this this particular case
this law expired in 1998 or 1999 but the
special counsel is based on a very
similar concept that someone other than
the president can appoint a prosecutor
right well the basic idea is kind it's
government and ethics Act yes what
originated it grew out of Watergate the
idea was a president can't investigate
himself right and president can't be in
charge of investigation of people close
to him so it's really an ethics issue if
the public is to have confidence in the
Department of Justice and an
investigation the person being
investigated can't pick the process so
that the argument simple in 1988 the
argument that Scalia made was that the
power to prosecute his executive
authority housed in the office of the
President of the United States so no one
else can take that authority right by
the way he was the only dissent right
let's just remember that and it was
there were plenty of Republicans on the
call
he was the only dissenter and his
opinion in my view is just nonsense
because they're meant there many reasons
first of all we have court-appointed
prosecutors all the time
for example US Attorney's when their
office is vacant and it's not being
filled the interim US attorney is
appointed by the by the courts right and
that is seem to be valid nobody's
checked by definition that's going on
cons my definition of prosecutor who's
not not appointed by the president can
do its job is only not appointed but
they're not confirmed by the Senate
right so here you have two problems
we're not appointed by the president
appointed by the courts not confirmed by
the Senate and yet every time US
attorney is out of office and there's no
one immediately to replace them the
interim US Attorney's picked by the
courts and this hasn't caused any
consternation the problem is that the
the people and and I'm troubled to see
that Cavanaugh is one of them wants to
say that the president has total power
this is like you know a dictatorship
view that only the that prosecutions
only can be housed in the in the White
House and the presidency and that's just
so-so the interesting part here is we
had heard Brett Kavanaugh had said that
he didn't believe a president could be
indicted this is one step further what
we're hearing today at what he said at
the American Enterprise Institute he's
saying the president or those around him
shouldn't even be able to be
investigated by somebody not appointed
by the president correct and not
confirmed by the Senate
correct and so what we're seeing is a
president we're seeing a kind of a
decimation a new king yep of the idea
that a president can't pick its own
investigators or that we associate that
with kings and dictators right the idea
that there can be nobody who can
investigate a president nobody
independent of the prism that I did
people who say that the president can't
be indicted in office I think that's a
sort of a separate discussion then the
fact that they can't even be
investigated independently of course
that's very scary because what do we
have then if we don't have an
independent person reviewing
presidential misconduct we then we're
into dictatorship land not what the
framers ever intended do you think this
have any impact on anyone right now
because the people who get to vote on
Kavanagh probably have made their minds
up well whether they made their minds up
this seems to be kind of an esoteric
point although to me it goes essentially
to the integrity of our government and
whether we have really a system of
checks and balances whether whether the
constitutional limits on presidential
power exist or not and and this sounds
like Cavanaugh is for the president's
expansion of power and that's dangerous
let's listen to what Chuck Schumer said
about this new discovery judge Cavanaugh
particularly after this interview needs
to recuse himself from anything having
to do with the Muller probe so that's
one answer that if he is confirmed he
just can't be involved in this yes but
he can be involved in dealing with
stacked was a challenge to Muller or if
here accuses himself from everything I
guess he wouldn't but do we know whether
he's going to recuse himself water did
happen right we had one Rakesh well it
Rehnquist Rehnquist but Rehnquist had
worked in the administration correct but
Dick Cheney had gone gun hunting with
Scalia and Scalia and was a friend of
Scalia's and Scalia didn't recuse
himself in a case involving Dick Cheney
so we can't at this point force Supreme
Court justices to recuse themselves it
depends on their own sense of integrity
and some of them may not be as great as
well assuming this goes to the Senate
before the midterms Senator Jeff Flake
of Arizona is going to get a vote he was
asked how he would consider this
Washington Post looked at this talked
about the continuous and gave it two
Pinocchio's the the assertion that what
he is written about this would somehow
impede his ability to to consider this
if something that's the Supreme Court so
that does
you don't think his feelings on that is
expressed in the past are problematic in
terms of Muller I know that'll certainly
be explored in the hearings that we have
but nothing on this face sort of an odd
answer right it'll be explored in the
hearings right as you said it may not
have the impact on those who were where
his philosophy is coming from yep and it
shows a real lack of standing up for the
government and ethics act and concern
about integrity of government operation
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
