so let's look at what the president said
yesterday president Trump attempting to
walk back his statements from Helsinki
where he sided with the Russian state
over the US government and its
intelligence services regarding Moscow's
interference in the American political
system take a look at what the president
said standing next to Vladimir Putin and
then his comments yesterday at the White
House my people came to me dan coates
came to me and some others they said
they think it's Russia I have president
putin he just said it's not Russia I
will say this I don't see any reason why
it would be I thought that I made myself
very clear by having just reviewed the
transcript it should have been obvious I
thought it would be obvious but I would
like to clarify just in case it wasn't
in a key sentence in my remarks I said
the word would instead of wouldn't the
Senate should have been I don't see any
reason why I wouldn't
well why it wouldn't be Russian so just
to repeat it I said the word would
instead of would and the Senate should
have been and I thought I would be maybe
a little bit unclear on the transcript
or unclear on the actual video the
sentence should have been I don't see
any reason why it wouldn't be Russia
sort of a double negative so you can put
that end and I think that probably
clarifies things pretty good by itself
so I have great confidence in my
intelligence people but I will tell you
that President Putin was extremely
strong and powerful in his denial today
in full faith and support for America's
intelligence agencies I have a full
faith in our intelligence agencies
whoops they just turned off the light
I accept our intelligence community's
conclusion that Russia's meddling in the
2016 election took place a lot of people
out there we'll get into that in just a
moment but quickly the president just
tweeted a moment ago this quote so many
people at the higher ends of
intelligence loved my press conference
performance in Helsinki Putin and I
discussed many important subjects our
earlier meeting we got along well which
truly bothered many haters who wanted to
see a boxing match big results will come
and last night the president tweeted
this the meeting between President Putin
and myself was a great success except in
the fake news media Trump's comments
yesterday came more than 24 hours after
his news conference with Putin he did
not try to clarify his remarks in any of
his post summit tweets nor did he back
down during either of the two interviews
he did with Fox News immediately after
the summit meanwhile a shot of the
statement the president was reading
shows that he wrote this quote there was
no collusion meanwhile NBC News had some
reporting on how that all came to be and
who pressured the president to step out
and make that statement yesterday
including the vice president the
Secretary of State Heidi the the
president's statement yesterday that
this was a misstatement that it was a
word problem sort of ignores everything
else that happened on the stage and that
press conference it ignores the fact
that he didn't say anything at about it
for 24 hours even as he saw the coverage
of what was happening if you believed
what he said yesterday that this was
just a question of a misplaced word kind
of feel bad for you wow really do you
remember we were in grade school and you
messed up on a word and you took out the
lumpy whiteout and you lumped it over
you can't do that here because it's not
just one word it was the entire context
right of what he said it was the
trashing of institutions it was also
saying that Putin had a great idea to
potentially combine our investigation
and have Bob Muller go to Russia to give
them information on what his
investigation is all about so I think
anybody who watched the president's news
conference which was essentially the
entire
world would know that you can't just hit
delete on a single word and change the
entire tone in context of that news
conference Eddie he also was reading
from that statement serve head down
reading prepared remarks and in the
moment he did ad-lib he said yes okay it
was Russia they didn't meddle in the
election he looked up and said it could
be other people a lot of people out
there he always has to sneak in that
caveat which in fact undermines what he
said prior to it yeah I mean you know
Eugene Robinson and rich Dingell said
Richard Stengel said that it looked as
if it was reading a hostage note right
as opposed to actually apologizing I
like to use this analogy you know since
that President Trump is a golfer instead
of trying to get a mulligan he just
moved this ball in full view it to a
better lie right and so I he's shameless
he doesn't seem in any in any serious
way right to try to take account of what
he actually did and what I'm really
interested in is the way in which
Republican fellow Republicans have just
simply failed to hold him to account
Adams levitus we're talking about the
rhetoric involved here and the change of
tenses and things like that and double
negatives and yet the reality is that
these two men Vladimir Putin and Donald
Trump sat behind closed doors for two
hours and discuss things that are
potentially lethal to the future
not only of the European alliance in the
United States Soviet relationship but
that whole region peace and missiles and
the mismatch between the two men yeah
Mike you know we were talking earlier
about this contrast between President
Obama and President Trump and I'm gonna
I'm gonna rattle the ghost of another
president that's President Reagan
because we're also talking about other
audiences think about Europe and how
this is being received there and think
back to Ronald Reagan standing at the
Berlin wall saying mr. Gorbachev tear
down this wall instead what we have
today is a president who supposedly goes
in a secret room a little quiet room
with nobody there but a couple of
translators and that's where he really
tells Vladimir Putin hey you're
interference in our election was wrong
we really supposed to believe that and
by the way I thought the worst moment of
the press conference was actually when
Vladimir Putin flipped the soccer ball
to the President of the United States it
reminded me of the scene in castaway
when Tom Hanks starts talking to his
volleyball now we've got Ivan the soccer
ball in the White House it's a bad day
for the American presidency so as Heidi
mentioned this wasn't about one line or
one word this was about the full context
of the president's press conference with
Vladimir Putin to believe what the
president said yesterday you'd have to
discount everything else he said during
that news conference from his withering
attack on the Justice Department in the
FBI for investigating his campaigns ties
to Russia to Putin's quote incredible
offer to help with the investigation to
lashing out at those who suggested
Russian meddling was in any way
responsible for his victory - a debunked
conspiracy theory about the 2016 hacking
of the DNC and of course Hillary
Clinton's 33,000 missing emails I do
feel that we have both made some
mistakes I think that the the probe is a
disaster for our country I think it's
kept us apart it's kept us separated
there was no collusion at all everybody
knows it
what he did is it incredible often
he offered to have the people working on
the case come and work with their
investigators with respect to the 12
people I think that's an incredible
offer okay
that was a clean campaign I beat Hillary
Clinton easily and frankly we beat her
and I'm not even saying from the
standpoint we won that race and it's a
shame that they can even be a little bit
of a cloud over it people know that
people understand it but the main thing
and we discussed this also zero
collusion the electoral college is much
more advantageous for Democrats as you
know than it is to Republicans we won
the electoral college by a lot three or
six to 223 I believe
you have groups that are wondering why
the FBI never took the server
why haven't they taken the server where
is the server what is the server saying
I really do want to see the server what
happened to the server so Nick obviously
the president takes a question directly
where he's presented with the
opportunity to confront President Putin
who's standing five feet away from and
turns it in to an old speech he's given
many many times about servers about
Hillary Clinton about the Pakistani man
who with the server and everything else
the president brings up did he do
anything yesterday to help himself with
that clarification real quick though
guys let's just correct this they have
the server they've had this server
forever they just don't have the
physical copy of it they have an actual
copy of it though because we have more
than floppy disks and the era of digital
exactly so what we saw yesterday in
politics was called a walk back right
the president managed to do a walk back
of the walk back during the walk back so
it's not even clear what he was trying
to say he had to come back out and say
well it could have been somebody else
and it was like watching truculent kid
in front of a blackboard at school being
forced by his teacher to say something
he didn't believe or want to say there
has really never been a performance I
think in American politics that is like
it and you can only imagine why he seems
to have a particular personal interest
here that is separate from the White
House interest but as dovetailing with
putin's interest on the investigation
it's fear he he and Putin are on the
same page about the Russia probe they
both have an interest in stopping it and
discrediting it and that is a striking
fact to me and we've seen this rhythm
before Steve Rattner work
Charlottesville and other times where
the president says something
inflammatory says something offensive
he's pushed into a corner so he makes a
apology that you reads from a piece of
paper and then the next day which is
today now in this story he resents that
he's not being rewarded and thanked for
his great apology and he lashes out
again yeah exactly and look I think
there's several pieces of this I think
the most important piece is one that
Nick was referring to which is
ultimately our relationship with Russia
and with Putin and it's clear from
everything
he said and done that there's something
going on between these two guys which is
not really in our national interests and
the Wall Street Journal today had an
edit Roach I think summarizes maybe to
your point kind of where the Republicans
are which was a sort of grudgingly
accepted Trump's apology and with a lot
of sort of shrugs of the shoulder and
then they don't want to list all the
issues between US and Russia that are
still unresolved about arms and and
interference in other countries and
things like that so I don't think this
changes anything about the fundamental
issue of Trump's relationship with Putin
which is a scary scary state of affairs
so Kristen's Soltis Anderson we'll get
into some of the reporting on this but
the vanity fair' engaged Sherman
reporting that chief of staff general
John Kelly actually called around on
Capitol Hill and gave the green light to
Republican leadership to come out and
publicly criticize the president hoping
to push President Trump into some kind
of revision into some kind of apology
into some kind of clarification pretty
extraordinary for a chief of staff to do
that well I think this is different than
other times that President Trump has
said things that have been inflammatory
that have been reckless in part you see
it reflected in the number of
Republicans that have come out and
condemned it this to your point earlier
sort of reminds me a bit of the reaction
to Charlottesville where even many folks
who tend to be pretty supportive of the
president you'd folks like Newt Gingrich
a really big supporter of the president
coming out and saying Wolo heeds to
clarify this and I think it's because
for the most part when the president
does something reckless he's criticized
by Democrats he's criticized by the
media he's criticized by a certain
subset of Republicans that are very
comfortable criticizing him but if it
doesn't go beyond that Trump feels
pretty confident that he can weather the
storm his job approval numbers don't
move that much I think the difference
here is because you saw so many folks
from Capitol Hill saying this is wrong
that's why you got to the the hostage
tape from yesterday because this this is
different this is not just about being
reckless and it's not just about being
offensive or saying something miss
speakings not speaking like a politician
this is about weakness and
Oh Trump a core brand attribute of his
is I am strong I will be strong for
America strong is not what we got in
Helsinki that's why you saw more
Republicans bleeding off and that is why
if that reporting is correct about the
White House chief of staff he was able I
believe to feel he could go to the hill
and say let's give me cover so that I
can walk into the president's office and
tell him you need to walk this back and
Eddie in this case it wasn't just the
usual Republicans who are willing to be
critical of President Trump John McCain
Jeff Flake bob corker in those it was
the leadership which has been reluctant
to criticize the president the question
is was it a one-day criticism to get him
to do what he did yesterday and they can
wash their hands of it and say see we
were openly critical of the President on
this or will they follow on and make
sure that Russia and the president are
held to account when it comes to the
story well if our previous experience is
any indication of what they're going to
do this is a one it's a one-off they're
not going to do anything
do anything much after this right so I
think it's important to understand that
Republicans do after Charlottesville
they didn't want to be marked with
racism they didn't want to be seen as
racist and in this instance they don't
want to be seen as unpatriotic so it
makes sense that in both those two
instances that a number of Republicans
would come out and be strong and have a
visceral reaction to Trump's comments
but what will follow from that is very
different because as soon as Mitch
McConnell Senate Majority Leader
McConnell in the first press conference
said something about Russia
he immediately pivoted to the judges
right Lizzie Graham just said he missed
opportunity he didn't appreciate so the
and then Marco Rubio he clarified
matters but now we need to get to XY and
Z they've they're already pivoting so I
think that they this is gonna be
business as you can hiding you covered
the Capitol pretty quickly pretty
closely at bob corker yesterday
obviously he's on his way out of
washington but said the dam is finally
breaking talking about the trump
presidency and he said thankfully is
there any indication that that's
actually true or do you feel like the
Republicans have gotten on the record
critical of the president this issue and
are now really look at me like that
Eddie so I think Eddie made a important
point that there was a distinction
between the responses right you saw some
very strong responses by members like
Senator John McCain
who said this is awful it's it's
humiliating and then you saw the
leadership and the leadership simply
said that they had confidence in u.s.
intelligence agencies I think we can all
agree that is not a direct rebuke of the
president that said I do think that
there is definitely a heightened
awareness and commitment on the hill to
try and make some measures and some
movement on election security we will
see that in the house we will see that
in the Senate I think what we should all
keep our eyes on right now is the fact
that in the house there's right now an
amendment to actually water down
sanctions on Russia they're going to be
going into a conference committee this
week with the Senate keep your eye on
that that is a big deal that allows
Russia to continue to sell
military-grade hardware to other
countries and they make a lot of money
off of that hard to see how they could
keep going with that in the context of
everything that's happened this week
everybody sit tight Admiral stavridis
want to talk to you about some comments
the president made about article 5 of
NATO last night in an interview with Fox
and still ahead and thanks for checking
out MSNBC on youtube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
