he was an analyst at Fox News but has
criticized the network as a propaganda
machine and obviously a national
security expert thank you for joining me
tonight what is your view of the current
policy of Donald Trump versus Russia
given his latest comments and its impact
on our national security well I worked
against the Russians for many years I
think I know them pretty well and in my
view I am convinced that Donald Trump is
basically a slave of Donald boot overall
of Vladimir Putin Trump is obviously
afraid of Putin he's the only Houten's
the only person he will never criticize
my name yesterday the world friends
enemies and neutrals the world was
treated to the spectacle of an American
president grumbling to the new Czar of
Russia it was unbelievable and not only
the worst part of it though isn't what
happened before our eyes that was bad
enough that was terrible to me was was
indeed an act of treason I was siding
with Putin against his own government
it's his own intelligence agencies and
it's movies a slobbering over Putin but
what worries me far more is what damage
might have been done and probably was
done behind closed doors Trump went into
that one-on-one mano a mano session with
Putin utterly unprepared he doesn't know
the background he doesn't read his notes
Putin obviously could even without
having anything to hold over him
anything the blackmail worth could have
run circles around him but I do believe
as a former Russian analyst
that the basics the salient points of
the the infamous dossier the steel
dossier are true I believe that the
Trump is subject to blackmail certainly
financially here's a guy with four
bankruptcies and a lot of murky business
behind him and that by the way would
have been the initial thing that
attracted the Russians you know the
Russians
give us more credit than we deserve
sometimes they would never have dreamed
10 years ago that we would elect Donald
Trump president rather they would have
been attracted to him because of his
media role media influence and the
chance to launder money through his
multi-layered corporations as real
estate deals
they didn't get serious about actively
supporting Trump until he won the
nomination because even through the
primary process they could not believe
we would put this guy up for president
but then they did indeed go all-in and
then I believe they've got financial
yeah I find our financial grip on trunk
so I a list of things that he did but
also the Russians always try to get you
two ways if they can Donald Trump was in
Moscow we know there were murmurings
about prostitutes but you know from what
you know of Donald Trump's character can
you believe that if in midnight to
stunningly gorgeous Russian hookers
showed up his door and said who got a
gift from your friend that Donald Trump
would have said young ladies go home to
your mother's and I shall pray for you I
mean this is a man who is a perfect
target for Russian intelligence
he's a sense of sexual entitlement no
self restraint whatsoever and he's got
those tangled financial dealings and by
the way Putin once again as he did
earlier with megyn kelly by the way he
said that but we can't we don't spy on
everybody we don't have the manpower yes
they do they do spy on everybody if you
went to Moscow or Vladivostok or st.
Petersburg or you Kappa Dean Borg
if you were a businessman on official or
the merely the the gofer of that
business manner official you were being
spied upon you were being filmed in your
bathroom in a hotel everything you did
was recorded and by God Trump was the
perfect target so it to make a very long
story short I believe the President
Trump has and is actively betraying our
country well it's a strong language but
rests on the experience you have in our
military you're saying that what we
witnessed yesterday in your view was
this betrayal
the president has now tried to amend a
single word from everything that
happened as you say the most important
national security activity was not in
public so we don't know what else
happened that was just what he was
willing to do in public what let me play
for you for your response let me play
for you and for viewers a little more
from yesterday President Putin was
extremely strong and powerful in his
denial today
he offered to have the people working on
the case come and work with their
investigators with respect to the 12
people I think that's an incredible
offer what happened to Hillary Clinton's
emails 33,000 emails gone just gone I
think in Russia they wouldn't be gone so
easily it's ridiculous what's going on
with the program with your knowledge of
our national security apparatus what
were the meetings like today from both
the appointees and career people and
what is the role if anything that you've
said if a third of what you've said
turns out to be true and you would admit
some of what you've said is not yet
proven in the public record with asti
eight and may never be but if even part
of it is true what should the national
security apparatus do today well the
national security apparatus is doing
what it should do it keeps on truckin
they are gonna continue doing their jobs
because they are professionals but you
can't can't expect morale to be very
high I mean what do you do
will you have a president who gravitates
toward a flight Amir Putin who slavishly
praises Vladimir Putin who melts down
onstage with a demented rant about a
server and Hillary Clinton's emails what
do you do you keep on going you keep
doing your job and by the way the fact
that our government despite Trump
continues to function so well is a
tribute to that horrible deep state of
professional bureaucrats our government
is amazingly robust we will survive from
survive Trump some of our alliances may
not but the damage this man does on a
daily basis to our security to our
interest to our allies even to his
supporters
is literally incalculable you know it's
a serious time but I didn't know that
the wisdom we would get from you would
be from Eddie Kendricks keep on truck
and as you put it Grateful Dead man come
on well truck and by the Grateful Dead
as well but you know yeah you're right
it's both but I don't want to disagree
with the man in uniform you've been on a
tear sir
hey zap comix Lieutenant Colonel Ralph
Peters I hope you come back on the beat
hey I'm alright Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our You Tube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
