watch the Post is reporting it ahead of
the meeting staffers provided Trump with
some hundred pages of briefing materials
aimed at laying out a tough posture
toward Putin with the president dord
most of it according to a person
familiar with the deliberations quote
Trump's remarks were very much countered
to the plan the plan according to our
report in Axios one of trumps former
NASA security officials said this is a
total effing disgrace the president's
lost his mind
the New York Times further reports that
aboard Air Force One back to Washington
mr. Trump's mood grew foul as the
breadth of the critical reactions became
clear aides steered clear of the front
of the plane to avoid being tapped for a
venting session with mr. Trump it was
against this backdrop that the
president's daily intelligence briefing
this morning was removed without
explanation from his schedule according
to NBC let me get back to Ashley how did
it unfold today the Trump began to
realize that he was cornered that he had
blown it yesterday at least in the short
term so the president was upset flying
back even yesterday on Air Force One
with the blanket and negative coverage
if that pony wasn't upset with the
summit but he didn't like how it was
being covered and he was kind of
surprised and shocked and then again
frustrated by even some of his
traditional Republican allies including
Fox News being quite critical of him one
thing I'm told is that there was a tweet
yesterday by Newt Gingrich who is
someone who is a staunch ally who always
defends this president even criticizing
him and that really rattled Trump so
this morning again he sort of didn't
provide that much clarity to his aides
at first which kind of froze everyone so
you had a situation where the White
House communications office didn't quite
know what message to push out you had
negative cable news coverage and no
Trump surrogates supporting him on air
and finally with some nudging by aides
the president did under what looked like
a bit of duress arms crossed sort of
reading verbatim read that statement
although as you pointed out earlier in
the show he did make his own notations
and tweaks and flourishes in the margin
well in contrast to the president Senate
Majority Leader to make your point
leader Mitch McConnell said today that
Congress is united and standing behind
NATO and off
message of warning to rush this is Mitch
McConnell here so make no mistake about
it I would say to our friends in Europe
we understand the Russian threat and I
think that is the widespread view here
in the United States Senate among
members of both parties there's a
possibility if we may well take up
legislation related to this in the
meantime I think the Russians need to
know that there are a lot of us who
fully understand what happened in 2016
and it really better not happen again in
2018 you know Michael I would say in all
fairness and with some respect it does
Michael that Mitch McConnell is an iron
but Republican he doesn't move according
to fashion he stays where he is it seems
to me that he should be an anchor of
thought for Trump to rise he's blowing
his constituency falling in love
publicly with with the truth Putin why
would any Republican want to be seen as
pals with Putin well that's that's
because that's what's been brought into
the party and in large measure
everyone's kind of fallen in line with
that you know you look at the polls that
now show that Putin is is growing in
popularity among Republican circles
yeah but relatively 25 percent compared
to 60-some percent I know it's wrong but
it's a Chrissa was 16 and now is 25 so
it's gone up almost 10 points and that's
and that's the anchor for Trump you're
right miss McConnell of all the leaders
in the house in the Senate is that one
anchor that that the president should be
listening to but as we saw with the
piece of paper even when you give him
the script to save is behind he's going
to write something in the margins and
it's gonna take it someplace it doesn't
need to go and by the way it's
disappearing ink and we all know that
two days from now he'll be back Reid
wants to be with Putin Thank You Ashley
Parker great reporting by the post again
Michael Steele sir thank you for your
insight view of the Republican Party
which I think you're still a member of
and Malcolm Nance for the knowledge of
the spook world the spy world but I
gotta tell you is we're getting
increasingly into a world of spies ie
Putin we got to understand these guys
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC
see on youtube if you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
