joining me now is net price MSNBC
national security analysts and a former
CIA analyst and NSC spokesman and the
panel is back a stead Susan and Eddie
guys
Ned your former intelligence staffer do
you have whiplash with what happened
today well Katie it's it's hard to
develop whiplash with this president on
this issue because it's something we
have endured for years now indeed this
president when he was the Republican
nominee said it was not the Russians it
was a 400-pound man then when he was
president he will elect he changed that
tune shortly thereafter he compared our
intelligence community to Nazis and then
last November he did the very same
about-face we're seeing today he was in
Asia in Vietnam where he had just come
from meeting with Vladimir Putin where
he said something strikingly similar to
what he said yesterday essentially that
he believed president Putin's denials
the next day he reversed himself and
said well what he meant to say is he
believed that Putin believed his own
denials and so we have seen this before
time and again from President Trump
President Trump has tried to tell us
just how much respect how much regard he
gives to our intelligence community and
I think it's finally time that we
believe him Ned what do you think that
that meeting at the White House sounded
like this morning with the principals of
all those Security heads well judging by
where they landed there was a lot of
hair pooling I would imagine there was a
lot of frustration if this blaming it on
a misplaced contraction was the best
idea they could come up with
they must have thrown other ideas up
against the wall that just didn't stick
and I would love to hear what those
harebrained ideas must have been but you
can only imagine the level of
frustration on the part of some members
of this administration whether it's Mike
Pompeo whether it's john bolton
whether it's secretary mattis people who
have tried to take a hard line against
russia who are stuck with this president
with this president who can't help but
allow vladimir putin for whatever reason
to be the puppet master in this very
strange relationship
and why do you think rod rosin sign was
at the White House today could it have
something to do with that meeting well I
understand that at least what the White
House is saying is is that it was
unrelated to that but you never know
look I I certainly hope that they are
not mixing matters of policy and matters
of law enforcement
I certainly hope they are not doing what
President Trump admitted frankly to what
he did with Vladimir Putin where they
discussed in his own words the lack of
collusion in there to our one-on-one
private meeting I hope there is not this
mixture of law enforcement and policy
with this administration but we've seen
it before so it wouldn't be all that
surprising frankly what there were no
note takers in that room there were no
other staff it was just the interpreters
Donald Trump Vladimir Putin and the
interpreters but I would imagine and
Peter Baker pointed this out earlier
that that the Russians probably had some
sort of listening device in that room
who knows if we did as well who know I
mean maybe no one had a listening device
but it would be hard to believe given
how the Russians operate uh is there any
concern out there that that they made
have a record of it and we do not is
there a scenario where anybody anyone in
in our government should be meeting
alone with somebody like Vladimir Putin
well absolutely not look one-on-one
meetings between presidents are
exceedingly strikingly rare President
Obama as far as I know had one true
one-on-one during his presidency and in
fact it was with Vladimir Putin so he
could deliver a very carefully scripted
and choreographed message about Russia's
meddling in our election there were no
other meetings like this for a very
simple reason it is a terrible idea it
is a terrible idea
because the meeting is left to
interpretation and unfortunately what
we've seen with President Trump and the
Russians they will use everything they
have on him and there have been
allegations out there about what that
might entail
what they have now are two hours of
discussion with someone who isn't always
careful with his words as sometime
sometimes imprudent with his comments
and if Bladon if Donald Trump said
anything in that meeting that could come
back to bite him that could be seen as
embarrassing you can
bet that the Russians whether they have
a recording whether it's just notes
whatever it is that they will use that
against him in the future as additional
leverage in addition to whatever they
have now the one thing that Donald Trump
has going for him is that I guess he
doesn't often get embarrassed by
anything that he says he serves sure
said a whole lot of improbable things
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mind
set right here for you on YouTube
subscribe now
