we begin this morning with some of
president Trump's biggest supporters
expressing shock disappointment and just
plain sadness after he failed to stand
up to Russian President Vladimir Putin
could Trump's decision be the last straw
for some of his most fervent allies I
have a great panel here to break all of
it down but first let me start with a
ripple effect from what unfolded in
Helsinki the reactions in Russia and the
u.s. well they should tell you something
in Russia
President Putin is being hailed as a
political genius in the u.s. president
Trump is getting a much different
reaction bottom line at every
opportunity
president Trump opted to side with Putin
even when Putin's position contradicted
American intelligence and I'm talking
president Trump's own intelligence
officials afterwards on Fox News the
president was still praising Putin and
touting the way the Russian leader
defended him against Robert Muller take
a listen first of all he said there was
no collusion whatsoever
I guess he said as strongly as you can
say it they have no information on Trump
one thing you know if they had it they
would have been out he said it's
nonsense right and he also said there's
absolutely no collusion which you know
and everybody that watches your show
knows and I think most of the country
knows I don't think the people out in
the in the country buy it but the
reporters like to give it a shot I
thought that President Putin was very
very strong dear president Trump a
scigirl a cyberattack and meddling
doesn't mean that there was necessarily
collusion you're drawing that conclusion
please note that when the president
talks about this issue his focus is
almost always on just that himself
denying that he did anything wrong
he seems either unable or unwilling to
say that Russia may have acted
improperly separate and apart from that
so here's my question what you are
getting here or what are you getting
president Trump and President Putin
there
coming at this issue from essentially
the same place and I would like to know
why
in fact when pressed on the issue during
the summit mr. Trump attacked Democrats
rather than Russia in an interview with
Chris Wallace President Putin well he
did the same exact thing they hacked a
certain email account and there was an
information about all the manipulations
conducted within the Democratic Party to
Incline the process in favor of a one
candidate when asked about the timing of
the indictment of those twelve Russian
hackers president Trump chose to call
out Muller not Putin and blamed him for
hurting us Russian relations when you
see this thing going on and I will tell
you it's driven a wedge between US and
Russia maybe we've just knocked down
that wedge but it has driven a wedge and
President Putin said that one of the
early things he said when we started he
said it's really a shame because we
could do so much good whether it's
humanitarian aid throughout the Middle
East whether it's not just area so many
different things and they drove a phony
we're just a phony witch-hunt rigged
deal it's a real it's a real shame I'm
just going to take a deep breath on that
Democrats were predictably outraged by
all of this but many Trump supporters
will they were also upset Newt Gingrich
called the President's performance quote
the most serious mistake
of his presidency The Wall Street
Journal editorial board called it a
personal and national embarrassment and
called him out for projecting weakness
even Trump's own officials were
apparently upset and frustrated by what
happened and while most Republicans were
pretty tempered in their response a few
moons today I just felt like the
president
should have been more forceful who can
only understand strength and I did not
think this was a good moment for our
country the Russians are going to
continue their attempts to influence
American public opinion that calls for a
strong response not for casting doubt on
the conclusions about the intelligence
community and the Senate Intelligence
Committee I thought it was shameful and
I never thought I'd see an American
president throw the intelligence
community under the bus like that
shameful awful terrible sad here's my
question to Republicans beside an
aggressive tweet what are you gonna do
about it important to note that most
Republicans said they supported our
intelligence agencies but they did not
take the President on directly however
some normally reliable allies on Fox
News did call out the president who was
not a very forceful presentation from
President Trump with Putin standing
right next to them I just found that
Vladimir Putin appeared to run circles
around the president he should have
defended his own intelligence community
this to me was just outrageous and and I
think you're hearing it you know let's
say you use the word upsetting and Neal
uses the word disgusting unpatriotic so
how big a deal is this for the former
head of the CIA John Brennan the
president violated his most basic oath
to protect and defend the American
people so when I use the term this is
nothing short of treasonous I've equated
through the betrayal of one's nation
basically aiding and abetting giving
comfort to an enemy mr. Trump had the
opportunity to say clearly to the
American people and to countries in the
world and to mr. Putin do not do this
again or there will be consequences and
he failed to meet even the minimum
standards of that
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over
on this list to see lots of other great
videos
