I invited a myriad of elected officials
Republican elected officials to join me
on air today to discuss the president
summit with Vladimir Putin and across
the board they said no thank you all
right Steve I feel like I'm gonna hide
under my desk because you're about to
let it rip
I want to start by reminding our
audience what specifically the president
said yesterday when he was asked about
election meddling watch my people came
to me dan coates came to me and some
others they said they think it's Russia
I have President Putin he just said it's
not Russia I will say this I don't see
any reason why it would be I have great
confidence in my intelligence people but
I will tell you that President Putin was
extremely strong and powerful in his
denial today okay well let's just start
with he doesn't see a reason why it
would be as the Vladimir Putin wouldn't
have a motivator and we need to remind
the audience they had a two-hour private
meeting Steve your reaction well let's
put aside for a second his comportment
up there it's the musings of an imbecile
Vladimir Putin looks across to the other
podium of what he sees standing there is
a fool who's doing flat amir Putin
spitting Trump is what the Russians call
a useful idiot someone in service to the
Russian Federation either unwitting or
wittingly now let's talk about what
Trump did not about what the motives are
what his comportment was but for the
first time in the history of the United
States you have an American president
who was absolutely unwilling to defend
the country from a hostile foreign power
that has attacked it he is faithless to
his oath of office and when we watch
Jeff Flake and you watch and limpia snow
and a fence and in a couple of others
what we know for sure is that the
Congress under this Republican control
is as faithless to American ideals to
the
institution in the country as Donald
Trump is and so Jeff Flake and snow and
sass and all the rest of them can say
disgraceful bad terrible but they
actually have power to do something
about it this is an extraordinary moment
and the Congress is absolutely unwilling
to exert any level of oversight over
this president and so sass and snow and
flake have it in their power to cut a
deal with the Democrats to put subpoena
power into the hands of responsible
senators many of whom may be members of
the Democratic Party but to remove Mitch
McConnell from power who's up to this up
to his eyeballs as well as he was
informed before the election that the
Russians were meddling by President
Obama and refused to take any action on
it as well but but we will never and I
mean never again see an American
president performed so weakly sewing
competently on the world stage next to
an adversary just in extraordinarily the
basement of the office a personal
disgrace for Trump and a national
humiliation for the United States well
we will see it again if President Trump
gets reelected and to that exact point
Evan all day long yesterday I keep
hearing from Republicans this is a sad
day for America it doesn't have to be a
sad day for America it could be a
self-inflicted devastating day for
president Trump's legacy but in terms of
America this is an opportunity for from
a bipartisan perspective political
leaders to stand up and say this is not
what America is this is not what
patriotism is to be a patriot
we need to vigorously defend your
country's values against an adversary or
detractor otherwise known as Vladimir
Putin the president did the opposite
yesterday so today could be a great day
for America to unite and defend what
this country is about or fold our hand
to say well it's a bad day because he
just sold us down the river
we were saying the exact same thing 11
months ago after Charlottesville where
Donald Trump said well there were good
people on both sides
because there obviously are good
neo-nazis everybody knows that of course
not but I have to disagree with my
friend Steve who did not go far enough
forget subpoena power I think he should
go out and be censured by the Congress
this is a president whose ego knows no
bounds and if you really want to send a
message to him as Congress send a
censure that says you have been
repudiated by the legislative body for
not doing your job and for embarrassing
the country not standing up for our
allies remember - last week a British
citizen died as a result of the fallout
of the chemical attack on a former
Soviet spy who's now living in Britain
and that Teresa may you have to believe
was begging Trump to bring up he didn't
stand up for our allies and I have to
question whether or not President Trump
truly understands why America is a great
country he constantly attacks America
there are so many problems with America
there's a deep state it's a rigged witch
hunt it's our fault that we have a bad
relationship with Russia my god he
doesn't ever explain why America is an
exceptional nation why is this beacon of
hope throughout the world for people who
were oppressed fighting bleeding and
dying to have the very freedoms we take
for granted the president can't and he
never will because he's not an imbecile
he just cares about himself
Kenney deserves essential I need to
remind our audience Evon Siegfried is a
Republican and until about 11 days ago
so with Steve Schmidt okay Evan slightly
disagreed with Steve I slightly disagree
with Evan this is not the same as
Charlottesville Christine
Charlottesville and every other time
we've looked at the president do
something over the line you could draw -
well this serves his base this helps him
with voters what he did yesterday does
not serve one no part of presidents base
show me anyone at a trump rally
who's going bring it on pooty you're my
boy only trunk that's clear it's clear I
mean you know as twisted and horrible as
it is you could draw those lines in
Charlottesville right as terrible as
that now you cannot know unless and this
goes to the core of the president it's
this is just about him look
look at the answer Putin gave to the
question do you have anything on
President Trump for his family he Trump
says he answered it and said no he did
not say no he had the perfectly timed
grimace and snicker and then began
speaking about how he didn't even know
Trump was in the country when he was a
businessman which is actually factually
incorrect because he was unable to meet
with Trump when they were there from his
universe and sent Trump a gift and an
aide spoke to Trump saying how
disappointed Putin was to not be able to
meet with him so in his non-denial
denial he lied
so something exists out there in the
world that is relevant to Russia and
relevant to Trump and Trump is going to
lick Putin's boots as much as he has to
to keep that from coming out whatever
that something is has nothing to do with
the health of the American people Steve
Schmidt Washington Post sort of has a
tick-tock and in it they say that
President Trump had briefing material a
hundred pages long laying out what our
tough posture should be according to the
Post that piece was largely ignored by
the president he didn't even read it in
its entirety and what he did yesterday
was specifically counter to the plan he
was advised on so if Trump stone team is
not on the same page if Dan coats went
out and said nope this is what I think
and I'll say it again where does that
leave the administration to guys like
Dan Coates have to go home if Dan coats
has a shred of personal dignity he will
resign and he will resign in a loud way
and communicate to the American people
the danger of what we saw yesterday look
it's nothing new to learn that this
president revels in his ignorance his
unpreparedness he famously doesn't read
he doesn't know anything about history
doesn't know much about anything what he
knows is his gut his ego his sense of
entitlement so he's sitting there
yesterday with slobbering civility at
the bended on bended knee at the feet of
Vladimir Putin the Russian autocrat
again just an extraordinary scene the
likes of which
never seen in the history of the United
States we've never seen a weaker
performance on the international stage
by a president in the United States and
of course this all follows his
provocations his attacks his Sundering
of the Western alliance at the NATO
summit what we're seeing here is a
president praising Vladimir Putin not
defending the United States from Russian
meddling interference attacks on our
election process while at the same time
attacking the British prime minister
attacking the German Chancellor
attacking the Canadian Prime Minister he
is making the world profoundly more
dangerous by saying to Vladimir Putin
essentially you can do whatever it is
you would like to do in the world you'll
face no opposition from the office of
president of the United States from the
United States of America just
astonishing but is that the right move
if you're thinking about American safety
do you think the damn code said the
world should resign or do you feel
better knowing he's there and actually
doing his work I mean yesterday the
Kremlin translation when President Trump
did an interview excuse me did an
interview with Fox
they said the network run by the
president that's the translation you've
got the former head of Fox bill shine
now working inside the White House
people say in a tongue-in-cheek way Sean
Hannity is an unofficial adviser to the
president so do you really want the damn
coats of the world to leave knowing that
they're actually doing their job first
and you want Dan coats to be the Elliot
Richardson who stands up for moral
authority and resigns in protest over
the actions of the president but who
replaces him yeah and it could be a
trump loyalists who has the intellectual
capacity of a potato like the bill
richard nut bill Richards and part of me
bill Mitchell's of the Twitterverse and
the Jacob walls and they're gonna go out
and follow the Trump playbook and push
whatever it is which would have an even
more chilling effect on our national
security truth is he's not listening to
Dan Coates yes right I mean he hate Dan
and his people pulled everything he
needed together to to have done a far
far far better job than he did and not
to throw America under the bus so I you
know think Dan coats
can he stand to be in a place he manages
the overall thing and so if why don't
you we still have a competent manager
who's willing to go out and put out
statements because that's Jerry Kahn
believed that HR McMaster believed that
and then the day comes when you say much
the president should fire him and that
way he'll be a better martyr if that way
it goes down Steve not you should stay
listen I I think principled resignations
we don't see enough of them in the line
here is very very clear in this
administration you're either on Team
America or you're on Team Putin it's
that simple right when you look at this
situation right now you have an American
president who was doing Vladimir Putin's
bidding full stop period he is attacking
the Western alliance he is attacking
NATO he is doing grave damage to
America's standing in the world by the
way none of this should come as a
revelation Fox News has functioned as
Trump's state media going on for a year
and a half on an hourly basis Fox News
spews forth complete and total nonsense
the equivalent of state media propaganda
to unwitting unsuspecting some of them
decent people out there who were
constantly lied to constantly gasps
elated by this president what we saw at
this news conference yesterday was the
President of the United States
gaslighting the American people about
Vladimir Putin and his intentions
towards the country I think that the
Director of National Intelligence who
was humiliated embarrassed for him to
stand up and to say this president is
hostile to facts this president is
hostile to the intelligence services of
this country I can't explain to you why
I wish I knew why but it is what it is
and when you see these administration
officials I have no doubt that one day
we'll see legions of them well this is
the heroic story of my struggle behind
the scenes to make Trump do the right
thing
American people deserve to know Isis
already saying on Trump was happening
and they deserve to hear it from high
government officials they the base will
absolutely turn on whomever comes out
and stands up for moral principle
they're saying that Donald Trump has
already won I mean just because he hugs
the flag literally and figuratively
doesn't mean he understands American
values but to his base he's the greatest
thing you happen in this country since
the dent forty percent of the country
forty percent of the country maybe in
thrall to Donald Trump forty percent of
the country may have signed on to a cult
of personality here's the deal it's not
enough there is a majority of Americans
that stand in strong and fierce
opposition to this president the next
election in this country is November
between then and now responsible in
serious leaders of government the snows
the flakes the corkers two of the three
who are leaving any anyway they should
take action to protect the country from
this ignoramus president before real
tragedy unfolds out of these type of
summits where he weakens the alliances
that have kept the world prosperous and
safe and he is encouraging Vladimir
Putin saying if you move in the Baltics
if you move in Ukraine if you move
anywhere you won't face opposition from
the United States it's not only tragic
it's dangerous and when we look down the
road there is nothing but blood and
misery that comes from this type of
stuff hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
