hey with us now we've got the former CIA
director John Brennan with us he's a
senior national security and Intel
analyst for NBC News thank you so much
for being with us
Mutsu jested mr. Brennan that that loyal
Republicans that patriotic Republicans
speak out some actually did begin to
speak out in my former party not as many
as I would have liked but it seems that
yesterday was a moment that triggered
many to finally say the president had
gone too far what do you believe in the
best interest not only of America's
Intel agencies but also the best
interest of America's national security
did those patriotic Republicans need to
do today on the hill well I think
there's a big question first of all in
terms of those who are on mr. Trump's
national security team whether they can
continue to serve in good conscience an
individual who basically betrayed his
nation but then the legislators on the
hill
especially the Republicans need to ask
themselves what they should do in order
to try to protect and preserve this
country's liberties and freedoms despite
having mr. Trump in the Oval Office and
so I think the outcry needs to be strong
it needs to endure and they need to then
also take action whether it's a censure
well whether or not they are going to
decide that this is not the Republican
Party that they once knew that they need
to step away from it like you did that
this is not what Ronald Reagan said were
meant when he said to mr. Gorbachev
bring down that wall and I heard the
words that we just said in the film clip
about simple-minded appeasement is folly
and that certainly is true and so those
Republicans on the hill need to do more
than just speak out and criticize they
need to act they need to put pressure on
mr. Trump and they need to send a clear
signal that this is intolerable and they
are going to act upon it mr. director
obviously Dan couch yesterday moved
quickly
and honorably to stand up for the men
and the women who have given their
entire adult lives to America's Intel
agency also the men and women in uniform
that helped in uncovering the the
interference in America's democratic
process in 2016 would you recommend do
you believe it's actually necessary for
other members of Donald Trump's foreign
policy team and Intel community like
Mike Pompeo like the Secretary of
Defense general mattis to come out today
with similar statements supporting and
defending the men and women who
sacrifice everything often in and
defending this country well good on dan
coates to stand up for women and men of
the intelligence community and those who
are going to be silent in this
administration are complicit and so they
need to be able to speak out very
strongly but what mr. Trump did
yesterday was to betray the women men of
the FBI the CIA NSA and others and to
betray the American public and that's
why I used the term that this is nothing
short of treasonous because it is a
betrayal of the nation he is giving aid
and comfort to the enemy and it needs to
stop and mr. Trump needs to understand
that there gonna be consequences for him
too and I do hope that those who voted
for mr. Trump in good conscience are
going to see that he is leading us down
a very dangerous path and it is a
dangerous path and what we don't want to
submit mr. Putin to walk away from that
meeting thinking that he can get away
now with whatever he wants and I still
shake my head trying to understand what
was discussed during the two-hour
one-on-one and what was discussed
between the the two sides in their
bilateral meeting
we only saw what mr. Trump said during
the press conference I can't even
imagine what he said behind closed doors
I can't imagine what he said to mr.
Putin directly I am very concerned about
what type of impact it might have on our
intelligence community and on this
country you know Mike Barnicle yesterday
many Republicans attacked Donald Trump
said that his statements and his actions
in helsinki cow telling to putin were
disgusting i i think all of those
adjectives could all the adjectives that
were used could also be applied to mike
pence who shamefully shamefully defended
the president the united states last
night in the strongest terms shamefully
defended his performance shamefully
defended his cow towing to a former KGB
agent shamefully defended donald trump's
whitewashing of the russians
interference in the 2016 election yeah
you're correct joe you're correct
another shameful moment from the vice
president this time but director Brennan
intelligence-gathering as you certainly
know is an art and the art is sometimes
incredibly dangerous and and sometimes
lethal to the gatherer so yesterday we
had a meeting that we know very little
about two-hour closed-door meeting
between the president putin a KGB agent
KGB director and the president united
states what could happen in your mind
the most dangerous thing that could
happen in your mind in that meaning when
you have president putin a skilled
interrogator questioning talking with
conversationally with the president of
the united states who is so limited in
his knowledge of the world and his
knowledge of what intelligence truly
means oh my gosh you point out mr. putin
is a skilled and trained KGB officer a
master manipulator who has decades of
experience mr. trump is way way out of
his depth when he goes into a one-on-one
with mr. putin as you point out US
intelligence capabilities are
exceptionally precious but also
exceptionally delicate and i don't know
what mr. Trump might have said in that
meeting that could have in fact
compromised or impacted those
capabilities
I just don't know and I still do not
understand why he didn't trust a john
bolton i'm
Mike Pompeo and a John Kelly to be in
that meeting and to hear what he said
and to hear it mr. Putin said that
raises the couple's on my back it just
it gets me very upset and angry and then
when I saw the performance in the press
conference where he could have done what
is was minimally acceptable which is to
say that Russia interfere in the
election we need to address that and we
need to move on even but we're going to
hold Russia to account he didn't do that
he sided with mr. Putin and he threw the
intelligent the FBI the Department of
Justice and others fully under the bus
is it likely mr. director that the
Russians recorded that two-hour
conversation oh I would find it
unbelievable if they didn't in some
manner yes and did Americans recorded as
well Jesus I have no idea but either way
it's likely somewhere there exists a
recording of what happened in that room
I think whatever mr. Trump said in that
meeting with mr. Putin is now
memorialized on Russian tape and it will
be used as necessary by mr. Putin
against mr. Trump and presumably mr.
Trump would have known going into the
meeting that there was a chance the
Russians were recording it I'm sure he
was told that whether he would have
known that is something else whether he
accepts what he is told by the women of
the CIA and it tells community I don't
know so that could be used as
compromising information I understand
it's former CIA director there's
classified information you're not going
to share with us on national television
but the question now has to be asked
based on what we saw yesterday and
Madeleine Albright even raised it a few
minutes ago does Vladimir Putin does the
Russian government have something
personally on Donald Trump well Donald
Trump knows what he has done and he has
know he knows what might the Russians be
aware of and so I think his actions
toward mr. Putin may reflect that
concern in terms of what is in Donald
Trump's past that the Russians have and
might use against is there anything you
can characterize for us that perhaps
Russia might have on Donald Trump
I'm not going to go into that at all but
it does exist no I'm not saying it
exists at all I'm just saying that Trump
knows he and I think that's why he's
been so desperate to stop the Muller
investigation because clearly he is
concerned and very I think fearful about
what might be exposed to during that
investigation given the behavior and the
danger that accrues to people who are in
the intelligence gathering business and
giving their obligation to report this
intelligence to the leaders of this
country but given the attitude of the
president United States towards the
intelligence community and the behavior
and the intellect of the president
United States would there be a tendency
for intelligence gatherers briefers to
withhold now some vital intelligence to
the president there very well might be
there might be out of concern and there
are things that as director of CIA I
wouldn't share details with the
president a states who are individuals
outside of CIA because you're trying to
protect the capabilities and you don't
want to give anybody any information
that they don't need and so I don't know
whether or not mr. Trump has been
questioning his intelligence briefers
about the capabilities and how he's
going to handle and protect that
information I don't know but I think
these are questions that the
intelligence community is asking itself
what is mr. Trump up to when he meets as
an intelligence officer we were not
allowed to meet privately with any
Russian watchlist a Russian official I
mean it's something that we don't do
unless there's some type of you know
formal approval but at meeting
one-on-one with in a Russian
intelligence officer that is something
that CIA officers are well trained to be
able to be aware of what they might try
to to do to exploit that relationship
John what do you see now as Russian
foreign policy goals what do you think
Putin's definition of success is and how
close after this week how close do you
think he is to to realizing success well
I think he is very confident and
comfortable now that mr. Trump is not
going to hold mr. Putin and the Russians
to account for the interference the
election and although I think they are
rejoicing at how well the Helsinki
summit and meetings went
mr. Putin might be concerned that's the
Trump went beyond where he should have
gone and now it's making it very
difficult for Trump to continue in this
you know with this relationship because
of the outcry from both sides of the
aisle so I think even mr. mr. Putin is
thinking that Trump has gone well beyond
what was seen as acceptable do you think
in any way he was made nervous by the
molar indictments the degree of
specificity about the GRU do that we
know more about what they are up to than
perhaps he had surmised that's a good
question and I think the Department of
Justice and the Intel community did an
excellent job not only in terms of
tracing their forensics but also doing
it in a matter that's not going to
compromise reveal collection
capabilities and so I think it sends a
strong signal to Russia and to Putin is
that you think you're good at cyber
we're better than cyber than you are and
I wish that Trump would say you try to
rattle our cages again and we're gonna
rattle your cages you know beyond what
you even thought that we could do we
need to make it clear to mr. Putin he
cannot do this and get away with it and
that's why Dan coats and Gina Haspel and
others really need to be on the top of
their game now and speak truth to power
and make sure that Trump doesn't get
away with this
all right director Brennan thank you so
much for being with us we greatly
appreciate it and thank you for your
insights thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
