there's a lot happening on the hill and
in the Trump administration in other
news the Trump administration says 66
children are still in custody of the US
government one is under the age of five
the parents of 50 of those children have
already been deported these numbers come
to light after the Washington Post
report of the Trump administration is
considering new plans that could again
separate migrant families at the u.s.
border with Mexico
defense secretary James Madison speaking
out on his political affiliation after
President Trump called him a Democrat in
his 60 minutes interview on Sunday
President Trump also told CBS that
mattis could be leaving the
administration Matusz told reporters he
has never registered for any political
party and plans to continue to work with
the Trump administration president is
trying to distance himself from Saudi
Arabia and any perceived conflicts of
interest after he said he initially
believes King Salman's denial that the
Kingdom had Washington Post columnist
Jamal Khashoggi killed he sent out a
tweet this morning saying in part for
the record I have no financial interests
in Saudi Arabia it's not really true
let's look at the president's business
history with the Kingdom in 2015 during
the presidential primaries the
Washington Post found that he registered
eight shell companies in Saudi Arabia
they were all dissolved by the end of
2016 and no Saudi interests appear on
the president's latest financial
disclosure but the Saudi government and
Saudi billionaires have been financially
boosting his businesses in the United
States for decades The Associated Press
reports that in the 1990s a Saudi prince
now out of favor with the government
helped save Trump from bankruptcy by
purchasing the business man's yacht for
20 million dollars a few years later the
prince joined other investors to boost
the Trump Plaza Hotel with a 325 million
dollar loan and the AP notes that in
2001 the Saudi government purchased the
entire 45th floor of Trump World Tower
across the street from the United
Nations for 12 million dollars according
to the Washington Post since becoming
president Saudi business - Trump hotels
in Washington DC New York City and
Chicago have all gone up helping turn
around the president's new york hotel
and its two-year decline in rental
revenue I want to bring in Bobby go
she's a member of the end
at Bloomberg opinion who focuses on
Middle East affairs Bobby that was just
a little illustration of something that
has been going on between the United
States and Saudi Arabia for years in
this case there are particular interests
between Donald Trump and the Saudis
there is a particularly close
relationship between Jared Kushner and
Mohammed bin Salman but there's a
long-standing business financial
relationship between American businesses
and the American government and the
Saudis yes there has and and there's
also of course a long-standing tradition
of Saudi government spending tens of
millions of dollars in Washington
lobbying senators congressmen and
cabinet figures to pursue Saudi
interests in the United States look I
mean I don't see why the president has
to feel like he and feel guilty about
this he was in the real estate business
Saudis bought properties he should feel
comfortable to come out and say this the
fact that he's not comfortable is what
rouses suspicions why would he want to
deny what he has himself previously said
that he has sold properties to the
Saudis this is this is that that that
shifting is that that desire to try and
cover up something that is in plain
sight is what arouses suspicions any one
of your columns you write the American
president can stop equivocating and
worrying about Saudi retaliation in the
us-saudi relationship the leverage is
almost entirely on the American side it
Trump's it's Trump's to use let's talk
about this leverage we depend on Saudi
oil going into the global market and
they are the biggest buyers of American
military equipment at this point the
president said that in his interview the
other day in which he mentioned Boeing
and Raytheon and Lockheed Martin as
being related to jobs now it's not clear
that every deal we make with the Saudis
they live up to they sign these
memoranda of agreement and then don't
always buy everything that they say
they're going to buy but can we afford
to lose that no we can't afford to lose
that but but here's the thing neither
can they they don't buy these weapons to
do the United States a favor they buy
them because they're the best weapons
available it's it's it's easy for the
president say well they could have gone
to the Russians and the Chinese no
really they could not
and Chinese don't have weapons of a
comparable quality in nature and it goes
well beyond that it's not just that
they're buying military hardware the the
Saudi security understanding of the
world depends on American sort of an
American security cover in them the the
American security umbrella sorry the
president has said this himself
just about a week ago ten days ago he
said at a public speech that the Saudi
government the Saudi King would not last
two weeks those were his quote would not
last two weeks without American support
now that was a little crude for the
president to say but that is not
entirely untrue the Saudi government for
decades this family ruling Saudi Arabia
has depended heavily on American
protection it's not that simple to just
say we're going to go to the Russians
the Russians will have their own pound
of flesh to extract nobody who has been
under the Russian security umbrella has
enjoyed that condition there's the other
point you can't simply say with with
military technologies if you've been
buying decades of American military
hardware and software it's not just so
simple and you can voice and all the
stuff and and swap it all out and and
corkscrew it on top of American
technology it doesn't work like that the
this this business this idea that the
Saudis have leverage over the United
States is complete nonsense it is the
United States that enjoys enormous
leverage just look at how the Saudis
responded to just this past week a
little bit of pressure from the US a few
senators calling for investigation
a few American businessmen dropping out
of a big event in Saudi Arabia and
they've turned their story around all
just completely from we don't not we
know nothing we know nothing - yes we
may know something we're waiting your
view is that this can actually end in a
better way hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
