my people came to me dan coates came to
me and some others they said they think
it's Russia I have president putin he
just said it's not russia i will say
this i don't see any reason why it would
be quoting US senators from both parties
donald trump's actions yesterday were
quote appalling and shameful shocking
and sad damaging and a threat to
american democracy or as john mccain put
it one of the most disgraceful
performances by an American president in
memory good morning and welcome to
morning Joe today is Tuesday July the
17th and what we saw yesterday was
shocking it was appalling Jon Meacham
yesterday we had a president who stood
on the world stage and he had an
opportunity to show fealty to our
Republic instead what he showed was
fecklessness towards Russia he had a
chance to show courage in the face of a
tyrant instead he showed cowardice on
that world stage where the president
looked like a weak dumpy stooge to a KGB
spy he had a chance to show loyalty to
the men and women in uniform of
America's military and Intel community
and instead he betrayed them time and
again and instead he said that he
trusted Vladimir Putin's word and by
extension the word of Russia's spy
community which attacked the United
States of America so many things were
said yesterday John so many concerns not
only by the usual suspects in the
Democratic Party but also by an awful
lot of people and what is now the Trump
party the Republican Party I know
there's no way to ask you for
parallel because there is no parallel
FDR after Pearl Harbor didn't denied
that there was attack george w bush
didn't deny al-qaeda's attack on
September 11th but Vladimir Putin
attacked American democracy we've got
the forensic evidence it's there for all
the world to see every reasonable
rational person looks at that material
just like they can see the DNA on a gun
and they know who did it when they did
it how they did it why they did it
you could actually take judicial notice
in every court in America that Vladimir
Putin's Russian spy agencies tried to
undermine American democracies dan
coates says the president's DNI director
on a daily basis and yet yesterday
Donald Trump defended Vladimir Putin spy
agencies instead of his own where are we
right now in the summer of 2018 there's
a live and open question whether the
President of the United States is
putting the national interest of our
national interest ahead of that of a
foreign power who may have leverage over
him in some way and without without that
explanation you have to wonder what
possibly could be going on what could be
possible motivations along the way it
was it simply pride does he simply not
have the capacity to see beyond his in
his own mind the so-called legitimacy of
his own election or is there some larger
issue here and my chief fear is that
this is the middle of the journey not
the beginning and not the end because
Vladimir Putin has a huge check in his
pocket ready to cash from Donald Trump
and I don't think it's simply going to
be cached for a congenial press
conference
I think there's there must be some
their shoe to drop to use that image
there must be some other country to
invade there may be some other attempt
here by the Russians to expand their
influence at the expense of the West the
dispense of the Western alliance and we
have seen over the last not just the
last 24 hours
but the last six seven days that the
president the United States does not
have the interests historic interests of
the Western alliance and of the United
States front and center and willie geist
my father grew up reading books a series
of books called none dare call it
treason none made dared to call what
donald trump did yesterday treason but
one thing we can say is this faced with
overwhelming evidence that again any
court in america would take judicial
notice of that Vladimir Putin tried to
undermine American democracy in 2016 and
continues to act in abhorrent ways that
our director of national intelligence
says poses a threat for the upcoming
election Donald Trump sat there and
woods obsequious to Vladimir Putin and
as we've been asking on this show as
I've been asking I won't bring you in on
this but we all know that Vladimir Putin
is holding something over Donald Trump
we do not know what it is but we know it
must be something extraordinary because
no rational politician no rational
president would act this way if he
weren't being blackmailed
on some level well that may be true and
we have to entertain that possibility
now the other part of it is what John
alluded to is the vanity question which
is that any implication or any
suggestion or any evidence that shows
that president Trump's election in 2016
was anything other than legitimate is a
blow to the president's ego and he can't
stand that and he's willing to stand
next to the President of Russia and say
I take your word over that of my Intel
camisa it doesn't undermine my election
right but Willy here's the thing it
wasn't just about the 2000
sixteen election we first here on
Morning Joe in the December in December
of 2015 a year before the results of
that election were called into question
we asked him repeatedly why he said
Vladimir Putin was a strong leader I
said he assassinates journalists he
assassinates politicians he assassinates
others Donald Trump's defense of
Vladimir Putin was well American
soldiers in Iraq killed a lot of people
too so even before the election was
called into question
he was a scared like a scared child
afraid to criticize Vladimir Putin that
was three years ago yeah there's no
question about it in the context of
yesterday's press conference though
asking about that I think again he can't
say anything that makes his election
look anything other than legitimate
because it's about his ego and I want to
be clear for our viewers again Joe what
exactly the intelligence community
assessments stated it was dated January
6 2017 this is what the president says
he does not believe quote we assess
Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered
an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at
the u.s. presidential election plain and
simple
so yesterday DNI Director of National
Intelligence dan coates had to put out
another statement of his own after what
the president said reiterating that the
Intel community believes that Russia
interferes and has evidence that Russia
interferes and elections and
specifically interviewed in the 2016
presidential election so the evidence is
all there the president nighted states
chooses not to believe it and said so
joke yesterday well you know Willie the
thing is this is and we also saw it when
the Intel decieves went to Capitol Hill
yep
dan I know I know that even Donald Trump
supporters know by this point that
Vladimir Putin has something over Trump
I know they know that they may try some
of them tried to maybe trying to deny it
not many but what's so telling is well
everybody while let's just say the last
holdouts or
talking about the deep state here it was
Donald Trump's Intel Chiefs that Donald
Trump appointed himself that drew that
conclusion on the hill it was the FBI
director that Donald Trump appointed
himself
it was the Director of National
Intelligence that Donald Trump appointed
himself
it was the then CIA director that donald
trump appointed himself Mike Pompeo it
was you name it all of the Intel Chiefs
that drew this conclusion they were all
appointed by Donald Trump and they were
all confirmed by Republicans in the
United States Senate there is no doubt
there is no question especially after
Friday's indictment that the Russians
tried to subvert American democracy and
we have all of the evidence forget about
CSI New York this is CSI Moscow and we
have all of the DNA and it's all over
Vladimir Putin's bloody hands and by the
way the DNI Dan Coates set all this on
Friday before the summit hoping to avoid
what we saw yesterday said the red
lights are flashing they're blinking we
know what's happening Russia continues
to interfere in our elections let's
bring it thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
