and thanks to at home for joining us
today all right first deep breath this
was a big day let's just talk about what
has just happened and let's talk about
it with the full and complete
expectation that more of it may yet
happen while we are talking tonight
things are at a boil yeah things are
going going fast now this is a time when
everybody needs to pay attention here on
this show really since the summer of
2016 we have covered the Russia angle on
the the candidacy and then the
administration of the current president
probably more than anybody else in the
national press and I will admit that I
have been teased for that a lot I've
been criticized for it also I know that
the intensity of our coverage of what we
now know of as the Russia scandal the
intensity of that coverage are sort of
dedication to this story by necessity
has squeezed out space and time that we
might have devoted to other worthy
stories I know that I'm totally
cognizant of that but let me just say on
this of all days here's why we have
covered this story so intensely since it
first became clear that there was
something wrong and illicit and
unexplained about the relationship
between this particular foreign
adversary and the unlikely rise of this
unlikely politician who shocked everyone
by winning the last US presidential
election I mean there was no explicable
reason why as a presidential candidate
he would step with such excruciating
care to avoid ever saying anything
remotely negative or critical about
Russia and its president
there was no explicable reason why he
would dig out of the vault a campaign
chairman who had not worked in American
politics for more than a generation but
he had spent more than the past decade
doing Vladimir Putin's political bidding
overseas in the former Soviet Union
there was no explicable reason to name a
guy quite recently
and quite literally caught up in a
Russian spy ring in New York as one of
his five foreign policy advisers when
this is a guy nobody had ever ever heard
of there was no explicable reason to
keep secret the fact that he did in fact
have pending business deals in Russia
during the campaign I mean from a man
who loves to brag about even the
smallest and most unimpressive business
endeavors right his stakes his vodka is
terrible wine right there was no
explicable reason why he wouldn't brag
that on the day of one of the early
Republican presidential primary debates
that very day he had signed a letter of
intent to build the tallest building in
Russia there was no explicable reason
why he wouldn't admit to that there was
no explicable reason why the Trump
campaign would intervene in the
Republican Party's national platform to
make it more Pro Russia and then cover
up their tracks and deny that they'd had
anything to do with it there was no
explicable reason why so many Russians
attended the Trump inauguration there
was no explicable reason why he
surprised everyone by inviting the
Russian Foreign Minister and the Russian
ambassador into the Oval Office with no
notice no US media and apparently no
limit on his willingness to disclose to
those Russian officials codeword level
intelligence from our closest foreign
allies there was no explicable reason
for any of those things unless you were
willing to believe the worst and
honestly who wants to believe the worst
right you don't want to reckon with it
you don't want to think too hard about
the worst case scenario because for one
thing it raises very uncomfortable
questions about what we should do as a
country what we should do as citizens if
the worst case is true I mean for
everything that we have been through as
a country for every kind of trial and
challenge and intrigue and embarrassment
and scandal that we have been through as
a nation we haven't ever had to reckon
with the possibility that somebody has
ascended to the presidency of the United
States to serve the interests of another
country rather than our own what's the
corrective to that how do you remedy
these are no longer hypothetical
questions this is where we are and I
recognize it sounds nuts to say it even
now even tonight but there's a reason
there is a big national freakout
happening right now over what the
president just did in public I mean
whatever happened in the long private
meeting he insisted on taking with
Vladimir Putin today with no other
American officials present whatever
happened there what happened in public
thereafter has really shaken the country
today for the worst possible reasons
before today no serving US president has
ever before taken sides with a foreign
government against our own let alone a
foreign government that has just
attacked our country and if the
President did that today because he has
some reason to serve that other country
rather than our own then well then a lot
that has previously been inexplicable is
now explicable and that's the worst case
scenario and deep breath it means we're
gonna have to come to terms with this as
a country and we're gonna have to come
to terms with what we need to do next as
a country to fix this and in order to do
that the blinders have to come off we
have to be real happily just at the time
that we need that we are getting some
serious help from the now rapidly
unspooling legal case that surrounds
this scandal from the special counsels
office from the FBI from the National
Security Division at the Justice
Department from the courtrooms where
these multiple cases are now moving
forward the story of what Russia did to
our country and who might have helped
them and how and how much trouble they
might be in for that it's just now
starting to come into focus the
different pieces of it and on that front
there's been a whole bunch of
developments when I said that things
might continue to develop while we're
talking tonight over the course of this
hour I mean it there have been
developments not just over the past few
days and today even while the summit was
happening but in
to this evening we've got a bunch of new
developments that have actually given us
as citizens a lot more clarity a lot of
new clarity in terms of what happened to
us and what evidence law enforcement and
counterintelligence investigators have
been able to assemble and when we can
look at the evidence that they've been
able to nail down where they have shown
their work which they have done so much
of in the past few days that gives us a
view of where it looks like they are
heading which again is a further help to
us in terms of figuring out who we are
who we want to be and how we are going
to deal with what is now a serious
national security crisis for our country
so to that end I think the legal case
here is not necessarily the way we fix
this as a country I don't know what is
the way we fix this as a country it's
certainly the way that we find out
what's going on and get the truth and to
that end in terms of the evolution of
this legal case let me start with one
small development that didn't get very
much attention today and I'm leading
with this not because it's the most
important thing but simply because I
think you might not have heard about it
it's a new development in the case of
Paul Manafort the president's campaign
chairman afford of course is in jail now
awaiting two different federal trials on
multiple felony charges in each
jurisdiction now the first jurisdiction
in which manifold was charged was
actually Washington DC the judge set a
trial date for manna fort in DC in
September the second jurisdiction in
which he was charged was in Virginia the
Eastern District of Virginia and even
though those charges came second the
Eastern District of Virginia is known as
the rocket Duquette they like to go fast
don't ask a judge in Eastern District of
Virginia for a delay in your trial
don't take a long recess at your trial
don't ask the judge to make your trial
itself take too long in the Eastern
District of Virginia they like to go
fast sometimes faster than either the
prosecutors or the defense is
comfortable with in manh√£ forts Virginia
trial not only did they set his trial
date for July two months ahead of his DC
trial date even though he was charged in
DC first but the judge in metaphors case
in Virginia has really sped things along
turned down manna forts request for a
delay in the trial he also turned down
prosecutors request
for a longer period of time to be
blocked out on the judges calendar for
the trial they wanted a three week trial
and he was like no you should be able to
get this done in one week I'm obsessed
with the fact that I'm giving you two
weeks that's terrible
go faster he fast fast fast he wants to
get this thing done that's what this
docket is known for that's what this
judge is known for and that's why it is
surprising and potentially very
interesting today that in Paul manna
Ford's case today in the rocket docket
Eastern District of Virginia the judge
just handed out a big delay just
postponed a hearing that was due to
happen in mana Ford's case tomorrow
morning this was gonna be an interesting
part of the case anyway it's a hearing
to discuss a lot of different procedural
elements of the case some of the
last-ditch things mana forts defense
appears to be trying in order to try to
get him off the hook
tomorrow was going to be that hearing
but the judge now says that'll be
delayed until next week and no we don't
know why I mean it's it's totally
possible that the judge has a toothache
right or needs to get his car inspected
and so just realize like Oh can't meet
tomorrow for some totally anodyne reason
totally possible but it is also worth
noting that things have been going very
badly for mana for it and his defense
team in his case his lawyers have lost
on literally every single motion and
request they have made to the judge up
to and including Paul Manafort being
moved several days ago to a new jail he
did not want to be moved to move that
occasion to the public release of this
mug shot if this hearing in mana Forte's
case is being delayed until next week
because of some significant new
development in the case what everybody
is obviously on the edge of their seat
about is the prospect that the new
significant development occasioning the
delay could be that he's potentially
considering a guilty plea or some other
kind of negotiation with prosecutors
he's the only American charged thus far
in the entire Russia legal case who has
not pled guilty and/or agreed to
cooperate with prosecutors if he does so
that would be a big deal so you should
know that's going on in the mana four
case and as we were getting that
surprising bit small bit of information
out of the Eastern District of Virginia
today as we were getting that
information the Justice Department
today announced a surprise new
indictment now this has made a lot more
headlines a lot of the reporting on this
indictment today sort of credulous li
describes the woman who was charged
today Maria Bettina is a Russian gun
rights activist take that with a grain
of salt there isn't a gun rights
movement in Russia let alone one that
she is part of there aren't gun rights
in Russia there's no gun rights movement
in Russia the idea that Vladimir Putin
and his political party with which she
has allied the the idea that they would
support that kind of activism on Russian
soil is ridiculous that'd be like
hearing that Mike Pence was going to be
grand marshal of a gay pride parade near
you right does not compute what Maria
Bettina is and has been visibly so for a
few years now is a sort of odd Russian
appendage to the American gun rights
movement to the NRI specifically and
associated conservative organizations
that are influential in the Republican
Party a couple of months ago you might
remember us reporting that among the
American officials she and another
Russian who she's associated with a
Russian official named Alexander tortion
among the Americans they were able to
get to go for this laughable gun rights
in Russia scam that they were pulling
was john bolton john bolton who's the
new trump National Security Advisor
I mean Maria Bettina was arrested
yesterday and is being charged as a
secret agent of the Russian Federation
john bolton national security adviser
not that long ago was persuaded to make
a video address for her supposed gun
rights group in russia today you're
engaged in a historic debate about the
possible expansion of your freedoms
should the russian people have the right
to bear arms today according to a
criminal complaint filed in federal
court in washington DC the person who
arranged for john bolton to make that
address on russian gun rights she was
charged with conspiracy to act as an
agent of the russian federation within
the united states quote the FBI's
investigation has revealed that maria
Bettina the defendant was working in the
u.s. at the direction of an unnamed
russian official who was described
elsewhere in the criminal complaint as
a high-level official in the Russian
government who was previously a member
of the legislature of the Russian
Federation and later became a top
official at the Russian central bank now
again that Russian official isn't named
in the criminal complaint but it's clear
as a bell that he's Alexander tortion
who has sort of been her longtime
associate in this effort with the NRA as
described in the complaint today tortion
quote directed Maria boo Tina's
activities in furtherance of this
conspiracy quote the FBI's investigation
has further revealed that patina and
torsion took steps to develop
relationships with American politicians
in order to establish private or as she
called them back channel lines of
communication these lines could be used
by the Russian Federation to penetrate
the u.s. national decision-making
apparatus to advance the agenda of the
Russian Federation the criminal
complaint goes on to describe what seems
to be a Russian government supported
effort to use alexander torsion and
maria boo tina to influence the
republican party in the united states
using the nra as russia's point of
leverage and it's it's clear from the
context in this criminal complaint that
the political party in question here is
definitely the republican party and the
gun rights organization in question here
is definitely the nra so that's sort of
how you have to read it but knowing that
the FBI obtains with what they call her
project proposal for this spying
operation and if you insert the relevant
proper nouns about the republican party
and the NRA it's it's pretty striking
what she says as of March 2015 she was
trying to do this is her project
proposal the first line of the project
proposal Reid's project description
diplomacy it goes on to state that a
major u.s. political party the
Republican Party would likely obtain
control over the US government after the
2016 elections hmm project proposal says
quote the Republican Party is
traditionally associated with negative
and aggressive foreign policy
particularly with regard to Russia
however now with the right to negotiate
seems best to build constructive
relations the project proposal also
notes the central place and influence in
the Republican Party played by the NRA
the NRA according to patina is the quote
largest sponsor
of elections to the US Congress as well
as a sponsor of the CPAC conference and
other events
now that's her project proposal for this
influencer operation which the FBI says
she was running here illegally in the
United States to influence the
Republican Party on behalf of the
Russian government to infiltrate and
influence them now
that's her project proposal she's
writing in March 2015 why would somebody
working for the Russian government
believe in March of 2015 that the
Republican Party was likely to obtain
control over the US government in the
elections the following year in 2016
why'd she think that why does she think
that enough to be so sure that she was
going to predicate this whole influence
operation over a period of years on that
expected outcome also why in the spring
of 2015 did she think she had the quote
hmm the right to negotiate why would the
Russian government believe in 2015 they
had the right to negotiate what the
positions of the Republican Party would
be ahead of the 2016 elections again
don't know but we are likely to find out
the FBI lays out in detail in this
criminal complaint how she worked on
behalf of the Russian government to set
up contacts and secret communications
between unnamed US persons and the
Russian government we don't know who US
person to is the criminal complaint but
a year after her project proposal in
March 2016
Maria boo Tina reportedly emailed us
person 2 and said that this Russian
official aiexander tortion had confirmed
to her his desire in our Russian
American project and said that a
representative of the Russian
presidential administration had
expressed approval for building this
communication channel so Putin approved
of her building this back channel to the
American Republican Party through the
NRA a back channel that went from the
Kremlin to the Republican Party using
the NRA as the conduit approved by
Russian presidents the Russian
presidential administration according to
the complaint also as the election
results for the 2016 election came in
overnight as
November 8th turned into November 9th
2016 maria boo tina engaged in twitter
direct messages with alexander tortion
with her apparent handler in the russian
government that night as the election
returns came in according to the
criminal complaint she said to him quote
I'm going to sleep it's 3 a.m. here I am
ready for further orders
later that month having arranged for a
large Russian delegation to attend the
National Prayer Breakfast which took
place in early 2017 right after the
Trump inauguration
Maria boo Tina according to the
complaint sent to another US person a
list of the Russians who would be
attending the prayer breakfast quote
Bettina stated that the people on the
list are handpicked by Alexander tortion
and me and are very influential in
Russia they are coming to establish a
back channel of communication that was
an email to us person 1 the importance
of this new indictment I was gonna say
twofold I think it's threefold first
this is a collusion indictment this is a
criminal allegation from the National
Security Division of the Justice
Department and the FBI that an agent of
the Russian government was working in
Republican and conservative politics in
this country to among other things set
up secret contacts and secret lines of
communication with the Kremlin with
support from and approval from Vladimir
Putin that's one this is a collusion
indictment and there's a u.s. persons
who are described but not named in this
indictment presumably we will come to
know who those u.s. persons are that's
one number two in our own politics of
course this has very large implications
for the freaking NRA and its continuing
role in American politics and in the
Republican Party and in the conservative
movement I mean this will if nothing
else put a very hot fire under the
question of whether the NRA may also
have been used not just for a Russian
influence operation in the United States
but potentially as a means of funneling
Russian money into the United States to
influence the election there's one last
way in which I think that this
indictment of Marie abou Tina is going
to be really important going forward
and that's the logistics this indictment
is not only going to be interesting on
its first day this is going to be a gift
that keeps on giving because unlike the
indictments of all the other Russians
all the other 26 Russians who have been
criminally charged thus far in the
Muller investigation unlike those 26
Murray abou Tina was here and they have
arrested her the other 26 Russians
charged will likely never ever set foot
in a US courtroom or ever again on US
soil not as long as the US Justice
Department exists but Maria Bettina was
here they apparently executed search
warrants on her residence in April
that's according to a statement from her
lawyer today then over the weekend an
arrest warrant was very quietly issued
for her we don't know why she was
arrested yesterday on Sunday her lawyer
says without notice to counsel
she is currently being held without bond
court filings today indicate that a
notification has been made to the
Russian consulate that the u.s. is
holding one of Russia's citizens she is
expected to appear in court for a
hearing on Wednesday in federal court in
Washington DC and what that means is
that in all likelihood in this case
there's going to be a case there's going
to be a trial that is unlike the
Internet research agency indictments
from February and it's unlike the 12
Russians from Russian military
intelligence who are indicted on Friday
in those cases we've got names and
descriptions and very serious crimes
alleged but those Russians aren't going
to end up in an American courtroom in
this case they've got her so we're gonna
see her in court on Wednesday and we're
gonna be able to see the fight over
these charges unfold in public in a way
we can observe and of course this all
follows the incredible bundle of new
information that we got on Friday when
those 12 GRU officers were indicted for
their attack on the Democratic Party in
the Clinton campaign during the election
when the president today stood there in
Helsinki next to Vladimir Putin and said
he doesn't believe the US government on
the question of whether or not Russia
messed with our election when he instead
cited Putin's denial as very strong and
very powerful part of the reason that
caused such an explosion of outrage
today is because he said that standing
next to Vladimir Putin but it's also
because he said it immediately after the
US government published reams of
information that has the Russians dead
to rights on what they did and they've
shown their work and it's very specific
I mean in the Friday indictment they
trace the Bitcoin payments used by these
GRU officers to set up the first website
where they dumped the stolen documents
from the Democratic Party they follow
the Bitcoin they follow the money that
they connect the money used to set up DC
leaks calm to the same funds being used
to set up malicious domains that were
used to spend send those spear phishing
emails to the Democratic Party which is
how they hacked and stole the documents
in the first place that means the
publication and dissemination of the
stolen materials are linked by evidence
linked by a money trail to the way they
stole the materials in the first place
that means the hacking and stealing of
the data was part of the same criminal
operation as the dissemination of the
data that means anybody who aided and
abetted in any part of that aided and
abetted in that major crime we know
that's all the same people doing all the
same work with all the same money for
all the same purpose any Americans
involved in that Twitter account they
set up for DC leaks was operated from
the same computer that posted online
fake American identities that pushed
hashtags like blacks against Hillary the
goose' 42.0 twitter feed was run through
the same virtual private network that
was registered on the same server where
they hosted more of these spearfishing
domains and that whole virtual private
network was paid for out of the same
pool of Bitcoin that they used to buy
space on a server in Malaysia from which
they ran the DC leaks com website we
don't have to memorize all of those
strands in the spiderweb but it's all
laid out in detail in the indictment all
of the different parts of it the
propaganda to make people believe there
was controversy about an hatred for
Hillary Clinton that did not exist in
nature that was faked by the Russian
government those were the same people
and it was the same operation that was
stealing material from the Democratic
Party in the Clinton campaign and those
were the same people and it was the same
operation that staged the release of
those stolen documents to cause maximum
political pain first through DC leaks
and then through gusoff err and then
through WikiLeaks
all the same people all the same
military intelligence offer offer
operatives all the same money all the
same computers and that gives us
incredible insight in
what the crime was and who done it but
it also ought to give us an appreciation
for how much detail US law enforcement
and US counterintelligence has been able
to get about what happened to us they
got the names of the individual Russian
military intelligence officers
associated with specific fake online
personas that spewed anti Hillary
Clinton propaganda during the campaign
they knew who was masquerading as who
they know which GRU officer was at which
computer at which date and which time
deleting files and accounts and running
programs to clear his tracks when he
worried that the FBI was on to him and
one of the things we have yet to talk
about tonight but we're gonna talk about
with somebody who was right there in the
middle of it while it happened is the
very very serious allegation raised in
the Friday indictment that the Russian
operation with or without the help of
American Confederates that is still
unclear they appear to have done stuff
or at least tried to do stuff that
wasn't just about swaying public opinion
and stealing stuff that was then turned
back around into the US media there by
manipulating the US news media and the
way it covered the election the
indictment says beyond all that that the
Russians targeted field operation plans
when they stole stuff from the Democrat
Democratic Party and they stole hundreds
of thousands of individual voter files
and they stole something that they
described as the test applications
related to the DNC's analytics the
dancies analytics if this president was
elected not just with an illegal boost
from Russia in the form of propaganda
and social media manipulation and
documents that were stolen and then
turned loose on the public if this
president was elected because Russian
military intelligence obtained for him
his opponents field operation plans and
voter files and the Democratic Party's
analytics that is not like cheating on
the test anymore that is like having the
insert key with you when you sat down to
purportedly take the test and that's not
an influence information influence
operation anymore that is I mean that
that is that is something as I said at
the top we need to really seriously
reckon with as a country
maybe for the first time and without
blinders on we now need to get this
right the president publicly took sides
with Russia against the US government
today and that really has occasioned a
national freakout but at this moment it
is worth being clear-eyed and specific
about what has gone wrong here what the
danger is and what the best way is for
America to fix a problem like this one
which is like nothing we have ever
confronted before as a nation we have to
get this right big night tonight stay
buckled in lots to come hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
