you're looking right now at overhead
view of Helsinki Finland where Donald
Trump and Vladimir Putin will be meeting
now you just had the president of United
States talking in this introductory
remarks about Vladimir Putin said that
they're going to be talking about trade
missiles China and our mutual friend
President Xi also David Ignatius the
president said we have great
opportunities together and the president
believed that they could end up with
quote an extraordinary relationship not
surprising but nothing was said about
the US government's uncovering of
Vladimir Putin's attempt to disrupt
American democracy which was laid out
before the American public and the rest
of the world on Friday what do you take
away no initial to those initial talks
the body language was anything but
confrontational it was congenial it was
relaxed Trump repeated the statement he
often makes talking with Russia is a
good thing not a bad thing he clearly
believes that he laid out an agenda that
as I heard him stressed more than I
might have thought the question of
nuclear weapons he referred to it
several times he talked about the two
great nuclear powers having such
dominance in that area that was a bad
thing not a good thing that made me
think that one subject that may be on
tap here for the discussions is arms
control that's a good thing the
situation the strategic instability
between Russia and the United States
over the last couple years has been a
cause for worry but we saw a Donald
Trump kind of inviting a broad
discussion welcoming President Putin
saying that he hopes for an
extraordinary relationship with him and
that you know it was a congenial mood of
Helsinki will begin to refer to this as
but for the first signs that's the way
the president wants to go and Richard
Haass
David Ignatius brought up
the congenial body language between
these two gentlemen though I was not a
supporter of Barack Obama and had many
many problems with his foreign policy I
remember the first time Barack Obama and
Vladimir Putin met I remember being
deeply offended as an American by how
how Vladimir Putin slumped in his chair
looked disinterested and was clearly
trying to throw Barack Obama the
American president off of his game
certainly you saw none of that here and
you can again look at those past
meetings with American presidents and
Vladimir Putin is a world leader who
lets you know how he feels with his body
language this again based on their
opening statements though certainly does
seem like it is going to be a friendly
meeting or as Donald Trump calls it a
friendly summit I'm sure it will be and
the president used the phrase about
there's nothing wrong with the United
States and Russia getting along but that
misunderstands American foreign policy
the purpose of foreign policy is not to
get along with other governments it's to
try to influence their behavior in ways
that are consistent with your interests
so whether there's a spirit of Helsinki
is is quite honestly irrelevant whether
these two gentlemen quote-unquote get
along is irrelevant the question is
whether we see anything more responsible
more restrained from Russia and it's
aftermath and I think they're David's
right there's a good chance that arms
control will be the substantive
centerpiece the New START nuclear
strategic nuclear agreement expires in a
couple of years the short the agreement
covering shorter range systems is
fraying and this is something one that's
important but to Russia would love and
the reason is arms control was something
that was uniquely in the province of the
United States and the Soviet Union
that's what made them superpowers so to
revive the u.s. Russia now arms control
relationship is a way of saying these
two countries uniquely matter in ways
that other doesn't it's actually the one
area where Russian can beat out China so
I think there's a decent chance that
this will happen because Russia would
love it and it is
octave Lee important Andreea following
up on that one of the things that jumped
out during that conversation that they
both had with the news media is
president Trump describing nuclear
nuclear our nuclear power are both of
our Russia and the United States
describing in detail that we the two
countries can old hold 90 percent of the
nuclear capacity nuclear missiles in the
world and he referred to it as a bad
thing quote-unquote a bad thing what was
your reaction to that well I think that
this is the way that the president is
seizing on one thing that could come out
of that summit today that he thinks is a
good thing for him for his legacy for
the United States to resume arms control
talks with the former Soviet Union with
Russia and to reduce arms down the road
to talk about lowering the level of arms
in an extension of that start arms
control agreement that is going to
expire in a couple of years as Richard
says this puts him and Vladimir Putin on
an equal level and we don't want gladden
recruited to be on an equal level with
the president United States because he's
been such a bad actor but there's one
thing that they could agree on and one
deliverable if you will of this very
unscripted summit that has no agenda
what you did not see is any kind of
posture in either the body language or
the literal language where he is
suggesting that he will take on Vladimir
Putin in any way he was as friendly an
opening session for this one-on-one as
you could possibly imagine talking about
our relations have not been very good
but it would be a good thing if they
were improved that would not be a bad
thing the kind of rhetoric he has used
in the run-up to this summit and the
fact that he talks about everything but
cyberattacks he talks about nuclear
missiles and he talks about trade and
about China and their mutual friend
President Xi he's talking about the
world at large but not talking about
Europe NATO and the other things that
are essential in you
and the rest of the world so it's not a
very auspicious beginning for anyone who
had hoped that the present would be at
least addressing the mother probe in
anything like an aggressive posture
based on the evidence that was alleged
in that indictment that is not going to
happen thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
