I think what's happened to Europe is a
shame
I think the immigration allowing the
immigration to take place in Europe is a
shame I think it changed the fabric of
Europe and unless you act very quickly
it's never going to be what it was and I
don't mean that in a positive way so I
think allowing millions and millions of
people to come in to Europe it's very
very sad I think culture that was
president Trump's speaking to the
British newspaper The Sun about
immigration in Europe this week and
those comments come as reports continue
to show migrant parents struggling to
reunite with their children here in the
United States I'm joined now by
Democratic representatives Karen bass of
California and mark VC of Texas Congress
people thank you so much for being here
I really appreciate it and I do think
this is a story that very much deserves
our continued focus and Congressman I
know you were just down on the border
what did you see there what is underway
what is not underway and did they let
you see the things you came to look for
not all the things that we came to look
for I visited three centers with Senator
Gillibrand out of New York
we started off in McAllen and then
ventured to Brownsville and then went to
Carnes County which is a detention
center that's just outside of San
Antonio and there were a lot lots of
problems you can tell that the Trump
administration was just willfully
unprepared to deal with separating so
many children from their families and I
thought the most troubling thing that we
saw in particularly at the detention
center in McAllen was that you had a
young girl that was two years old that
they wouldn't let her near her father
and it was just absolutely awful and one
of the one of the HHS facilities that we
visited in Brownsville you have eight
boys for every caseworker there and so
when we were there there were 1,400 boys
that were there this is a center for 10
to 17 year old boys and they're trying
to reunite them but they're only
reuniting 150 to 125 to 150 a week
and and and and you just when you leave
you tell yourself there's no way they're
ever gonna be able to reunify all of
these children with their families and
that's really the sad part and it's
pretty clear that our government was not
I mean the fact that we have actually
misplaced in some cases the children
from their parents that we don't know
where the parents and children are to be
even able to reunify them you know one
of the issues I work on in Congress is
child welfare improving our foster care
system and so to me I look at this a
little different because this is really
our government inflicting child abuse
the idea that you would separate parents
from children and I'm convinced that of
the 2,000 children I think few of them
will be reunited because just imagine
and these cases have already happened
where a parent is deported how are they
supposed to find their child again so
there was one case that I heard about
where the mother actually knew where her
child was she called up and she was told
if you want your child back you have to
pay $1,500 $1,500 for your child to be
transported and for there to be a
chaperon another woman who didn't speak
English or Spanish she spoke a mile
Mayan dialect and she couldn't even make
the phone calls parents are being
charged for the phone calls I believe
that a lot of these children will wind
up in the foster care system that is
already overburdened because of the
opioid crisis and then you know you can
only stay in foster care for so long
before parental rights are terminated
and you're put up for adoption this is
just egregious yeah let me I want to get
you guys to both respond to also what we
played up the president there at the top
of the show essentially saying that he
thinks what's happening in Europe is
means that your European countries are
losing their cultures and congresswoman
I'll start with you what do you think
he's really saying oh he's talking about
race I think he's absolutely talking
about race he's essentially saying as he
has said here you know if you're coming
from Norway it's fine but if you're
coming from other countries I have a
problem with that I think that's
absolutely what he's signaling and I
think it's about race and I think it's
about religion because he's also talking
about the fact that a large number of
people are of the Muslim faith your
great congressman oh well totally and if
you think about Stephen Miller who is
his top immigration strategist in the
White House this is a guy that grew up
and when he went to high school told one
of his best friends I
his Bar Mitzvah that he was no longer
going to be a trend anymore because he
was Latino and this guy's absolutely
warped he is the one that said that he
was actually happy to see children being
separated from their families he told
other people in the White House this and
as long as he's being advised by someone
like that the immigration coming out of
this White House is going to be a
problem it doesn't matter what you do
you know children who in our country who
should be removed from their parents
because of child abuse or child neglect
are completely traumatized even when the
parent is not appropriate and they will
talk years later and they will say you
knew my mother had a mental health
problem or an addiction problem why
didn't you help her why did you separate
me from her so now you're talking about
children who are being separated for
political reasons from loving damage
that is being inflicted on them and now
we've even taken it so far that we're
making judgments as to whether or not
they should be reunited have you heard
that that some of the children they're
saying what we shouldn't reunite well in
the case of acrimony there is an abusive
parent or if it's a smuggler yes that is
catching up with some people who are
here legitimately well I have you both I
do want to talk politics ever so briefly
or as you know we've seen in the last
couple of weeks at Congressman Joe
Crowley a key ally of Nancy Pelosi's was
defeated in his primary so my question
for both of you is in congresswoman I'm
interested in we can start with you do
you think that whoever is the Democratic
leader come next year whether that be
the Speaker the house or still the
Democratic leader should there be
changes to the seniority rules in the
Democratic caucus to try and make way
for newer generational leadership
Republicans have this they put limits on
their chairman and other things right
well it is a good question ask me
because I actually chaired the
Democratic caucus Rules Committee and
the irony is is that their seniority is
not absolute and so anybody can
challenge a person in a position and
that has happened occasionally so all
those seem very lays a tradition your
any limits I think that the limit should
be if a person no longer is able or
whatever and their challenge then I
think that's right I think if you have a
mechanical limit
I think that's problematic and I think
that's manifested in the Republican
caucus because they have a dog-eat-dog
environment every few years because they
know those chairmanships are going to
turn over sure they still had a lot
their leadership's a lot younger
congressmen do but different take on
this know well you know I think is
essentially the same as Karen's what I
will tell you that we have we need to
make sure as Democrats that we get the
23 seats that we need to be in the
majority and there's been a lot of talk
and speculation about who's going to be
what and and how all these things are
going to to take shape and I will tell
you that after each election the
Democratic caucus we get together we
choose our leaders we choose who's going
to be on staring and policy who's going
to be on what committees but until then
we need to be focused on making sure
that we get those 23 seats because guess
what we won't have anything to fight
over if we don't get to that magic
number I certainly agree with him and I
also come from a state California where
we had very strict term limits you could
only serve in the house for six years
and I can tell you the chaos that that
ensued finally the voters went to the
ballot and chin changed all of it
extended a little bit more right indeed
congresswoman Karen bass Carmen mark BC
thank you both very much your time
tonight really appreciate it hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
