I do believe in meetings I look I
believe that having a meeting with
chairman Kim was a good thing I think
having meetings with the president of
China was a good thing believe it's
really good so having meetings with
Russia China and North Korea
I believe in it I nothing bad is gonna
come out of it and maybe some good will
come out but I go in with low
expectations I'm not going with high
expectations I don't I don't really I
can't tell you what's going to happen
but I can tell you what I'll be asking
for and we'll see if something comes out
of it good morning and welcome to am joy
any moment now Donald Trump is expected
to leave his Gulf property in Scotland
incidentally he spent 128 days visiting
a Gulf property he owns since becoming
president he's now headed to Helsinki
Finland to meet with Vladimir Putin and
this is what will greet him when he gets
there lots and lots of protesters a
familiar sight on Trump's tour of Europe
this week needless to say he is not
well-liked over there his one-on-one
with Putin has taken on greater
significance after Friday's indictments
of 12 Russian intelligence officers
accused of attacking the 2016 election
on that point Trump says he hasn't
thought about asking Putin to extradite
the indicted intelligence officers the
Russians who were indicted would you ask
Putin to to send them here well I might
I hadn't thought of that but I certainly
I'll be asking about it that is
emblematic of Trump's approach to this
meeting as a whole there's no clear
agenda sparking fears that it could veer
off the rails and wind up with Trump
giving away the farm but one issue Putin
may bring up sanctions that's worth
remembering that in December of 2016
Trump's 23 day National Security Advisor
Michael Flynn who laded pleaded pleaded
guilty to lying to the FBI about his
contacts with Russia reassured then
Russian ambassador Sergei Kiss lyac that
the Trump administration would reverse
the Obama administration sanctions on
Russia once in office that led to Putin
refraining from retaliating the next day
Trump tweeted praise to poo
for the move joining me now from
Helsinki is former US ambassador to
Russia Michael McFaul he's also the
author of from cold war to hot peace an
American ambassador in putin's russia
and ambassador McFaul thank you for
being here I want to start with the
thank you the readout of what it is that
this at least according the Associated
Press
Donald Trump wants from this meeting
number one the optics of a formal
full-on red-carpet meeting with Putin
improved relationships between the US
and Russia and a relationship personally
with Vladimir Putin not on that list
notably is the extradition of those 12
intelligence officers what are your
thoughts on that pretty striking joy why
is it not on the list
they've been indicted by his government
by the United States of America for
president Trump not to ask for their
extradition he won't get it of course
but for him not to ask for it is a big
mistake
and everything on that list has nothing
to do with American national interests
it's all about the the form of the
meeting and not about the substance of
us-russian relations you know we we've
had past US presidents attempt to forge
a better relationship with Russia or
specifically with Putin George W Bush
famously said he looked into Putin's
eyes and got a sense of his soul
President Obama with when Hillary
Clinton was Secretary of State tried
this Russia reset in part with Putin's
successor so that it's not as if this is
the first time an American president has
tried to have warmer relations in your
view what is different about Donald
Trump's approach from these previous
presidents well joy I worked at the
White House during the reset years that
you just mentioned with President Obama
and what I think people misunderstand
about that period is we were not trying
to quote-unquote
improve relations with Russia rather we
were trying to get concrete things done
for instance we got a START treaty done
which reduced by 30 percent the number
of nuclear weapons that the United
States and Russia had we got sanctions
on Iran we got a new supply route to
Afghanistan very concrete things that we
believe were in the American interest
what is different about president
Trump's approach is he just makes the
meeting itself and his personal
relationship with
the goal and we have no idea what the
substantive agenda that he's trying to
achieve yeah that's what's different
about the Obama era versus now let's
look at the Associated presence readout
of what Putin would want from the
meeting he would want better relations
with the u.s. clearly sanctions lifted
not just the Magnitsky Act sanctions but
the sanctions that were imposed because
of his seizure of Crimea Crimea a
pullback of NATO forces deployed near
Russia's board or something trumpet
seemed to see he might be open to in a
rapport with Trump personally and and I
want to play you Donald Trump talking
about how he thinks he would get along
with Putin too and give you get let you
give your assessment of whether or not
Putin can get what he wants out of this
man
take a listen I think I'd get through it
along very well with Vladimir Putin I
just think so people say what do you
mean I think I'd get along well with him
I think I would have a great
relationship with Russia and with Putin
well president Trump be prepared you
know President Putin is KGB and this
that you know what Putin's fine he's
fine
we're all fine just give me an
assessment having dealt with addameer
Putin him going into a meeting with that
person what do you think he thinks he
can get out of it it just just pains me
to hear all those quotes joy thanks for
playing him again the goal of American
foreign policy is not to get along with
Putin remember this is a guy that
violated our sovereignty in 2016 propped
up a dictator in Syria in 2015 by
military intervention annex Crimea in
seizing land for the first time since
World War two in Europe so the goal is
not just to forget about all those
things just to get along and I just
think President Trump doesn't understand
that basic thing of diplomacy for Putin
it's really simple
why how to make this successful if Trump
doesn't remember any of that history and
they just say let's just get along
that's a giant victory for Putin that's
all he needs all those other things you
mentioned that's just icing on the cake
yeah ambassador michael mcfaul is in
helsinki thank you very much for being
here this morning really appreciate your
shirt thank you let's bring in our
now Nina Keshava is a professor of
international affairs at the new school
Natasha bear tron staff writer at the
Atlantic and Jason Johnson politics
editor at the root comm and an MSNBC
political contributor and just for my
producers not to confuse you guys I'm
gonna stay with the element that we had
prefer that this segment and I want to
play Donald Trump the current ambassador
to Russia Jon Huntsman this morning on
Meet the Press was asked if Donald Trump
would stick to the belief that that
Native NATO nations that Crimea belongs
to the Ukraine and not to Russia I mean
I want to play that and get your
response to it let's take a listen the
agenda is the president's everything
will be his call but I think it's highly
unlikely that you'll see any change in
Crimea this was a violation of
international law what we've seen in
eastern Ukraine is a violation of
international law but you didn't rule it
out Chuck ambassador I noticed you
didn't rule it out you said that's the
president's call so he could very well
just sort of you know what of course
it's a president's call but I think it's
highly unlikely that that's going to
emerge in the and their conversation as
you suggest
it's diplomatic speak Nena but it highly
unlikely is not an assurance I would add
that Donald Trump won't simply recognize
Crimea as belonging to Russia cuz he's
made noises in the past that he might be
open to it and it could be he would
continue to make noises in the past and
I'm sure Putin may bring it up and say
well Crimea has been historically
Russian and if kosterow is part of
former Yugoslavia it was recognized as
an independent independent nation why
not Crimea I think what Trump is against
here is not so much is agreeing with
Putin is there to convince the rest of
the world so I think we I am almost
certain that he would continue to make
that noise and he would say as far as
I'm concerned Crimea is Russian but
President Trump goes against anything
that America has ever stood for America
has ever spoken about he gets along with
Putin or thinks he's gonna get along
with Putin more than he gets along with
his allies and whatnot so I'm I don't
know why we're so beaten out of shape
about it because it really that's what
we've seen and in Trump in the past two
years whatever we think is wrong yeah
he's going to say it's right can you
just give us from your point of view
within what are the consequences of that
it does feel like we're in this moment
of realignment where Donald Trump very
much wants to realign the American
center as being aired Wan XI of China
the strongman or Victor Orbin hungry and
this new leader of Italy on one side and
Putin and the traditional US allies
France Germany England's that are on the
other side what are they what are the
real world global consequences if he's
able to achieve that remember when he
met with Kim Jong on the first one of
the first things he said is that when he
speaks to his people
Kim Jong un they sit down and listen and
everyone the same thing so he wants the
same thing but I think the Trump in my
view is a consequence of already
happening
turn of the world I mean it is the kind
of this authoritarian Democrats I mean
Democrats in a sense as well being right
now this is a sense they're being
elected so he is almost on the coattails
of already very much happening tide wave
and I think that is a shame that America
has joined that that kind of tied but at
the same time it's really not that
original and I think the challenges for
Europe of those who remaining Democrats
in Europe to make sure that they do
present United Front and they don't let
get discouraged by the putin's of the
world by the air the ones by the Trump's
of the world yeah absolutely I want a
natascha plate just there's a
interesting dichotomy here this is first
let's look like Donald Trump this was in
a CBS interview he actually has done an
interview with somebody was in Fox the
interview with CBS and he's talking
about the Russian attack on our election
let's listen to that this was during the
Obama administration they were doing
whatever it was during the Obama
administration and I heard that they
were trying or people were trying to
hack into the RNC to the Republican
National Committee but we had much
better defenses I've been told that by a
number of people we had much better
defenses so they couldn't
I think the DNC should be ashamed of
themselves for allowing themselves be
hacked so Donald Trump
Natacha goes into the past and blames
President
which is what he does pretty much for
everything but he doesn't really address
the substance of the attacks themselves
and what they mean to his country to the
United States here's Dan coats his
Director of National Director of
National Intelligence sounding a very
different note on Friday about those
same cyber attacks on our election
system SiC listen focusing on the
potential impact of these actions on our
midterm elections misses the more
important point these actions are
persistent they're pervasive and they
are meant to undermine America's
democracy on a daily basis the warning
signs are there the system is blinking
and it is why I believe we are at a
critical point so you know there are two
ways to look at that that maybe
underneath Donald Trump's sort of just
noise and bluster where he wants to be
aligned with Vladimir Putin doesn't
particularly care about the election
attack all he cares about is blaming on
Obama underneath the presidential layer
is there activity in the Trump
administration to protect the country or
is the dawn that is the Cotes sound the
noise and the Trump sound the substance
which from your reporting is is it the
latter what I'm hearing is that the
intelligence community the national
security community is really not doing
anything to protect against the meddling
that Russia is currently doing and will
interfere of course in the 2018 midterms
what I'm hearing is that whereas the
national security and intelligence
community would have been you know going
full steam ahead trying to protect
against these hacks trying to protect
against you know Russian propaganda
infiltrating our entire system that is
not being done now and the question that
we're all trying to answer is why not
why is this infrastructure not being
built now in a way that it would have
been and the way that it we should have
learned after 9/11 I mean Dan coats he
compared the attack that Russia did on
our democracy to the attack on 9/11 and
that is extremely striking and I think
that this is completely emblematic of
the the disconnect between Trump and his
own administration because the
administration wants to do something
they have a clenched fist when a flip
fist when it comes to Russia but Donald
Trump is going in with open arms and the
question is why and I think that
the biggest example of that of course
was when rod Rosenstein issued announced
those indictments on Friday just three
days before Trump's meeting with Putin I
mean that just shows you know just the
fact that he briefed Trump only three
days or four days prior to announcing
those indictments and didn't really get
his input right on them at all just
shows how strikingly divergent their
priorities are when it comes to
countering this threat and then so Jason
then then the next question of course is
that when you broaden out to the
Republican Party you're out there
reporting on all of these elections out
in the country and it's not clear
whether the clenched fist of some people
in the administration the broad Rosen
Stein's of the world who really do want
to hit back against this Russian attack
on our election and the Trump part where
he wants to embrace Russia but also the
Republicans who are believing behind him
in the house representatives who just
want to beat up on rod Rosen sign out in
the country are Republican elections
officials attempting to guard the
election are Republicans out in the
world caring more about these Russian
attacks than the administration well you
know joy I think it almost goes
state-by-state right so here in Maryland
there was just a report earlier this
week about the fact that the Justice
Department actually went to the state of
Maryland said hey look there's a Russian
oligarch who has a large investment in
the software program that you used to
count votes maybe you should be aware of
that maybe you should pay attention so
occasionally in some states you have
some elected officials who are saying
okay we need to be concerned and I've
always thought I don't care if it's an
ally or an enemy or anything else like
that election integrity should be our
primary concern I don't care if it's a
British company an Australian company or
Russian company or Chinese country no
foreign entity should have too large an
investment in how our electoral systems
operate so unfortunately I think it's
state-by-state but the larger issue of
course is this part of the indictments
on Friday is one of the things that
Miller mentioned is that you had a
Republican candidate who supposedly
reached out to try and get in touch with
gusoff er to find out information about
Democrats the fact that you have one of
the two major political parties in the
United States actively encouraging the
the sort of degradation of American
democracy just so they can win the local
elections and then stifling the kind of
work that needs to be done to keep our
country safe is a very dangerous
precedent it doesn't matter if the
Russians completely
scuttle or even don't have much of an
impact in the 2018 election the fact
that they've been able to do so will
embolden not just them but China and any
other nation out there that feels well
if America is not paying attention to
their back door we can walk right in yes
I did before we go Nina is it likely
that Russia does it again
having gotten away with it having really
clearly gotten away with it and even
been rewarded for it with a personal
one-on-one meeting between Donald Trump
and Vladimir Putin is it likely that
they do it again in 2018 well I think
it's I think politically it is possible
that the Putin hand is not going to be
seen in 2018 because that's how Donald
Trump can claim well when the weak
Barack Obama was here they did it yeah
now when I am in charge of making
America great even the Russians do not
bother or they can actually do not dare
to deal with it and Putin can give him
this kind of present when the other hand
is Jason brilliantly pointed out
American politics is so important
partisan that I'm not going to be
surprised if they the Republicans would
ask footin to help with the Democrats so
they are not going to take over the
house so I think it can go both ways
yeah but both of it is very dangerous
and of course Donald Trump is going to
contribute
I mean he's towering larger-than-life
figure is going to contribute to one
outcome of another and none of them are
democratic Wow it's pretty scary do you
know Christiana thank you very much
we'll have to have you back very soon as
we continue analyze this or that I was a
veteran and Jason Johnson will be back
later in the show meanwhile house
conservatives are getting ready to try
to impeach rod Rosen Stein who just
indicted the 12 Russian intelligence
officers they're trying to impeach him
up next how that would undermine the
Russia investigation just as it's
heating up say right there
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
