I know you don't ask will we be talking
about meddling and I will absolutely
bring that up I don't think you'll have
any G I did it I did it you got me there
won't be a Perry Mason here I don't
think but you never know what happens
right but I will absolutely firmly ask
the question good morning and welcome to
am joy well whether or not Donald Trump
asks Vladimir Putin about election
meddling when they meet on Monday
completely misses the point because it's
no longer a matter of whether Trump
confronts Putin about attacking our
election in 2016 it's about the fact
that once again we have evidence on the
table that they did the case was laid
out by Deputy Attorney General Rod
Rosenstein on Friday when he announced
the indictment of 12 Russian
intelligence officers accused of hacking
Democratic Party organizations and
Hillary Clinton's campaign with the
intent to interfere in the election one
of the most stunning parts of the
indictment is the time line according to
the indictment while the spearfishing
operation against the DNC the d-triple-c
and the Clinton campaign chairman John
Podesta began in at least March of 2016
on page 7 of this indictment it reads
that Russian operatives attempted to
access email accounts used by Hillary
Clinton's personal office for the first
time on July 27 2016
now that date is significant because it
happens to be the same day that Donald
Trump said this I will tell you this
Russia if you're listening I hope you're
able to find the 30,000 emails that are
missing I think you will probably be
rewarded mightily by our press meanwhile
the White House says the Putin summit is
still on even as Democrats demand that
Trump cancel he and his team are not
willing to make the subject of this
indictment of Russian interference a top
priority in the Helsinki meeting and the
meeting should be cancelled
maybe their money should certainly
cancel any meeting
joining me now Nick Ackerman former
Watergate prosecutor Malcom Nance MSNBC
contributor and author of the plot to
destroy democracy Sarah Kinsey or a
scholar of authoritarian states an
author of the view from flyover country
and daveed Jamali MSNBC Intel analysts
and former FBI agent thanks to all of
you Malcolm I have to go to you first
because July 27 2016 is that significant
date when Donald Trump gave that press
conference Russia if you're listening
the indictment then states that the
conspirators who are indicted now that
on July 27 that same day attempted after
hours to Spearfish for the first time
email accounts at a domain name hosted
by a third party provider and used by
Clinton's personal office literally the
same day you were on our show that
weekend after that happened discussing
really what we're all looking at now
what in your view is the significance of
now getting this information into an
indictment well what the indictment does
is it solidifies into the justice system
a lot of intelligence that we knew had
to exist you recall I wrote a book with
just a few weeks after that where I
projected these teams existed and what
their manpower strength and operations
would be and boom they exist and we know
they exist now right down to the names
of the individuals who went in on the
mid watch section and actually started
drafting the emails and documents to
support Donald Trump's contention from
the day before you know we've talked
about this a lot on this show
yes about its Trump a winning asset of
Russia an unwitting asset clearly on
that day he became a winning asset he
knew Russia was working in his interest
and he tasked them out to a certain
extent with orders Russia picked up that
mantle they executed those orders and
there are other examples that occurred
all throughout August and September on
releases on state documents right after
Trump made speeches so this is really
that eat that intelligence that I've
warned you
about existed out there turning into
evidence and here we are absolutely and
Nick Ackerman so one of the there a lot
there's a lot in this indictment if
people haven't read it yet but it's one
of the enduring kind of questions that
it's in the minds of people are who are
the Americans that the these these
Russian intelligence officers either in
their own regard or when they created
this boosah 42.0 pretend you know person
to sort of pawn off what they were doing
on - so let's go back to the timeline
really click his element 11 front
producers you had this timeline that in
March the Russians start getting access
to John Podesta Podesta's emails then in
June there's that trump tower meeting
with the Kremlin connected lawyer where
he promises dirt on Hillary Clinton on
July 21st Donald Trump gives his arms
acceptance speech July 22nd found stolen
email from the DNC start to come out
you have July 25th the Democratic
convention begins then you have July
27th Trump says Russia if you're
listening they start trying to go after
Clinton's personal server and then in
October you've got Julian Assange etc
but in between that timeline that you're
seeing up there we're showing the
timeline for in-between that time in
June when the DNC finally they know that
they've been attacked they announced
that their service have been hacked they
say publicly then these Russian
intelligence operatives shift their
strategy they create on or about June
June 14 2016 the DNC through company
publicly announces that had been hacked
by Russian government actors in response
the conspirators created the online
persona de persona gusoff or 2.0 and
falsely claimed to be a lone Romanian
hacker to undermine the allegations of
Russian responsibility lucifer 2.0 then
starts talking to people as if it's the
hacker they talked to a candidate for US
congress they talked to a person in
regular contact with senior members of
trump campaign they talked to a u.s.
reporter are those Americans also in
jeopardy of being indicted oh they very
well could be I mean this indictment the
crime that is charged here is conspiracy
right a conspiracy is an agreement to
commit a crime right the scope of that
crime is charged in this indictment not
only is the hacking into the DNC and the
theft of the documents but it's the
staging of those documents right and
using those documents to help
Trump get elected yep and there is no
way that these documents which were so
fine-tuned and released on very specific
times for example one of the items that
you didn't mention was the release of
certain of these documents after the
Hollywood access tape right I mean what
you had was the Trump campaign using the
Russians as what would normally be
called
a boiler room operation which is set up
to basically rebut allegations that go
out there from the other side so there
you have the Russians doing it there is
no way know how that the Russians would
have enough political sense and have
enough feel for what the game on the
ground is yep without having spotters
and people in the Trump campaign
directing this yeah and if you look at
this indictment it is filled with
incredible details about the Russians I
mean this is not gathered just based on
forensic evidence sir and they know they
know who the Americans are they know
who's going to be indicted and they're
in the process now of putting that
evidence together so they can convict
these people beyond a reasonable doubt
yeah and listen Abid having you know
worked as a double agent to dealt with
the Russians that's where I want to get
your commentary on the way this would
work so they get caught the intelligence
officers then pretend to be this person
gusta 42.0 who poses that I think a
Romanian loan hacker so that they can
say that this is the person doing it and
this is who is communicating with the
Americans so you have who suffer
communicating according to the
indictment with somebody in regular
contact with senior members of the Trump
campaign this is a speculation that that
is Roger stone the conspirators posing
as whose 42.0 communicated with US
persons about the release of stolen
documents they wrote to a person who's
in regular contact with senior members
of the presidential campaign Donald J
Trump Roger stone last night on CNN
responded to the idea that he might be
that US person take a listen
I certainly acknowledge that I was in
touch with Trump campaign officials and
I have testified under oath to the House
Intelligence Committee that I certainly
had a 24 word exchange with the persona
loose
42.0 over twitter it's also use back I
think I probably am the person referred
to the reason I'm not charged in this
indictment is because I received nothing
from the defendants I passed nothing on
from the defendants there's no evidence
of collusion or conspiracy or
coordination so so Devine how would that
normally work
movor 2.0 has now somebody who's in
regular contact with the campaign would
they be as blatant as passing documents
to him or dealing in some way who they
are I think that's that is to kind of go
with what Nick was saying is I think
what we're seeing with this indictment
is support elements we have yet to see
the main act and look I worked with
against the GRU specifically and I can
tell you joy that unequivocally the GRU
Russian intelligence the crown jewels of
any Intelligence Service but
specifically the Russians are people
what we're seeing here with the idea of
coordination where Donald Trump goes on
TV and then they start hacking Hillary
Clinton's email that coordination didn't
happen in that moment that coordination
that agreement that discussion the
command and control do all the elements
that to be into place to decide to do
that happened long before that would
have required human contact that would
have required some level coordination
that doesn't happen with gusoff er
within Roger stone that happens with
human beings talking to each other
joi I am absolutely convinced even more
so today after reading this indictment
that there are Americans who were
involved and that will be the third act
that there is going to be evidence and
we're molars driving is we are gonna
find that there's not unwitting assets
but there were Americans who actually
aided the Russians in harming the United
States by interfering with our election
or were acting under direction by the
Russian intelligence and that's the
endpoint so you're asking about how
would this would work the Russians only
get into a room with someone with two
reasons but only two things about them
one that they have something of worth
that is of work to Russia and the second
is the belief that they can fully
control that person I suspect we're
gonna find people that fit those two
bills Wow and Sarah Kinsey are not just
Americans because you also have
organization one thought to be WikiLeaks
this is a non American organization that
according to the indictment a message
gets
to boost over two point I'm gonna read a
little bit more for this indictment on
or about June 22nd 2016 organization one
sent a private message to goose over 2.0
to send any new material stolen from the
DNC here for us to review and it will
have a much higher impact than what you
are doing
releasing yourselves on or about July 6
2016 organization one added if you have
anything Hillary related we want it in
the next two days preferable because the
DNC Democratic National Convention is
approaching and she will solidify Bernie
supporters behind her after the
conspirators responded okay IC
organization one then explains we think
Trump has only a 25 percent chance of
winning against Hillary so conflict
between Bernie and Hillary is
interesting so now you have this
organization one who could be WikiLeaks
actively saying give us the information
so we can use it to split Bernie and
Hillary Democrats at the convention your
thoughts yeah I don't think that that's
surprising I mean I think they were
trying to exacerbate all sorts of
divisions and tensions within American
society and that includes within the
Democratic Party
I think the framing of that email
however was aimed at targeting the
person in question and possibly you know
trying in some sense to cover their
tracks that this was actually coming
from the Kremlin and not from WikiLeaks
I don't think that they thought Hillary
had a small chance of losing this
election I think they knew that Trump
was very likely to win this election
because they've been putting all sorts
of things into play to ensure that
that's possible this was a multi-year
plan they've been working at this goal
for a long time so I think that this was
just a way to kind of give cover to to
this story I mean it genuinely did
exacerbate tensions but it was also
something that people could point to
after the election it happened and said
oh Hillary wasn't able you know to gain
the the support of Sanders voters which
actually isn't true the majority of
Sanders supporters did vote for Hillary
and again
but but it's something that they could
use to be a bit more plausible
absolutely nickim to come back to you on
this because the other thing that really
frightens people when they think about
what happened with the election and it
doesn't come up much and it's
constantly denied for some reason by the
FBI and I'm gonna ask all the panelists
about it but the idea that they also
accessed boards of Elections information
well that's sure you have legit read
just for the clip from the indictment in
or around July 2016 Kovalev who's one of
the indicted people and his
co-conspirators hacked the website of a
State Board of Elections and state stole
information related to approximately
five hundred thousand voters including
names addresses partial Social Security
numbers dates of birth driver's license
in around August 2016 Koval F in his
co-conspirators hacked into the
computers of a US vendor that supplied
software used to verify voter
registration information in the 2016
elections that's the people afraid of
that that is ongoing and 2016 is coming
up they hacked the D Triple C which is
congressional elections which are coming
up and that they got into the voter
rolls yeah Joey it's even worse than
that because what you're not seeing in
that indictment is the FB i--'s and the
investigators inability to really
understand what the Russians did once
they got into these systems we're
dealing with state systems we're dealing
with computer systems that aren't very
good at creating audit trail right you
don't really know in a lot of these
systems a lot of companies don't have
this where you can actually tell on
someone hacks in what did they look at
what did they manipulate yep what did
they take we do not know and it's
certainly not going to show up in this
indictment and I don't think the
investigators can give us an answer yet
to this as to whether or not they change
the voting rolls whether or not they
changed votes we don't do it again well
they can do it all again exactly and the
problem is the states are not doing
anything about their computer systems
the federal government is not doing
anything about the computer systems
there is no one organizing this in a way
that protects the sanctity of our voting
in this country very quickly Devine
Donald Trump again is denying is he
tweeted today blaming it on the Obama
administration they're saying the
indictment took place I'm not gonna read
his tweet but he he's blaming it on the
Obama administration that is now the
tact that he's trying to take what is
your take on that because I seem to
recall Mitch McConnell saying hell no to
any joint statement from Democrats and
Republicans at the time in October of
2016 when the Obama administration
wanted to go public and warned Americans
yeah I mean look Donald Trump is gonna
say anything to get out on
under from this but there is a point
here with the specificity that was in
the Mahler indictment you know one of
the things that does concern me is if we
knew this level of detail there's it is
a legitimate question to ask why
couldn't we stop it and joy it concerns
me that we're stuck in this partisanship
because of Donald Trump that we can't
ask that question that you know there's
been no money spent on increasing
counterintelligence there's been no
increase in manpower these are these are
legitimate questions these are questions
that should be asked a nonpartisan
objective way and the American public is
owed an answer but yeah to say that
Obama somehow caused this is is frankly
absurd especially when Donald Trump is
taking that meeting in a couple of days
let's remember the same party that is
now talking about impeaching Rod
Rosenstein right actively refused to
allow a bipartisan warning to the
American people they would be late at
minimum we're not willing to stop it
actively instead they're going after an
FBI agent over his personal email that's
what they're spending their time on I
think what people want to know Nick do
you expect Americans to be knighted very
quickly I absolutely do I think this is
a precursor this is a coming attraction
and I guarantee you it's just a matter
of time before Robert Muller gets his
ducks in a row and you see another
indictment on the same conspiracy but
this time it's going to be the Americans
Wow indefinitely we will stay tuned Nick
Ackerman Malka thank you very much Mount
Nick Malcolm Sarah and Naveed we'll be
back coming up Trump took his one-man
wrecking ball to the world stage once
again more minutes
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
