right now Iraq is a training ground for
terrorists right now Libya nobody even
knows Libya the world would be better
off with Saddam Hussein and Gaddafi in
power it's great to be with the
president of Egypt and I just want to
say to you mr. president that you have a
great friend and ally in the United
States and in me King Salman your father
would be very very proud to see that you
are continuing his legacy it's a great
honor and privilege because he's become
a friend of mine to introduce president
Arowana Turkey I have President Putin he
just said it's not Russia I will say
this I don't see any reason why it would
be I like him he likes me I guess that's
okay am I allowed to say that we fell in
love there President Donald Trump's
praise for authoritarian leaders our
next guests are contributing writers for
a new book out today titled fight for
liberty defending democracy in the age
of Trump which is a collection of essays
that analyze threats to the liberal
world order joining us our columnist for
The New York Times Brett Stevens and
chairman of both the renewed democracy
initiative and human rights foundation
former world chess champion Gary
Kasparov and former deputy national
security adviser to President Obama Ben
Rhodes and NBC national political
reporter Heidi prysby Laree joins our
conversation thank you all for being
here it's good to see you Ben let me
start with you on this story about the
Washington Post columns Jamal Khashoggi
it appears today according to NBC's
reporting that the Kingdom of Saudi
Arabia is gonna go out with a story that
says he was accidentally killed inside
the Saudi consulate in Istanbul
President Trump got out front of the
story by mentioning rogue killers early
yesterday now it looks like Saudi
Arabia's gonna say it was rogue
operatives what do you make as you watch
this well I mean first of all I don't
think anybody who's any experience with
the Saudis could think it was possible
that a team like this a 15 people could
go to Turkey on a high-profile mission
like this without the crown prince of
Saudi Arabia knowing about it and
authorizing it that is an incredibly
centralized top-down leadership it's
become even more
under Mohammed bin Salman so the notion
that this could have been a rogue
operation I think is unbelievable and it
feels well like the Trump administration
is trying to help them come up with a
story to get this out of the headlines
you know what they want to do is you
know pull down the temperature and and
move forward which i think is a tragic
abdication of what we should be doing
which is holding the Saudis to account
for squelching to set like this and
putting on the table real consequences
like whether or not we're going to
continue to support a war in Yemen that
has gone out of control whether or not
women continue to sell arms to a regime
that would kill somebody in another
country for expressing their views so I
think it's it's of a pattern of what
what you showed which is Donald Trump
believes authoritarian leaders when they
give him assurances he doesn't give our
allies that same benefit of the debt so
in a parallel universe if you were
working on this in previous
administration what would be happening
right now and when Mike Pompeo goes to
speak to the King speaks to the crown
prince what would you be saying directly
to him well first of all one of the
things that we'd be doing which is not
happening is mobilizing the rest of the
democracies around the world to have a
united front on this you know we would
have us statements coordinated with
Europe condemning this and warning of
consequences so that you go into that
meeting with a bigger team and then I
think you'd go in and say you know we
need a full accounting of this and
frankly number one there has to be
consequences but number two even if that
accounting comes out there still have to
be consequences to show that we don't
stand for this and so I would be putting
on the table again very real things like
whether or not we continue to support a
war in Yemen that is precipitated a
humanitarian crisis and whether or not
we continue these arms sales which feel
like a blank check for the Saudis
because they can just give us money and
in return we look the other way when
they do anything Gary we played the sort
of clips of the greatest hits of
President Trump talking about
authoritarians around the world again
yes crazy and then again yesterday sort
of giving Saudi Arabia the benefit of
the doubt saying he said very strongly
it wasn't him and now we're gonna learn
today that Saudi Arabians didn't come
out and say in fact it was us it was
just a mistake yes I think president
from famously said that he could shoot
someone on the fifth avenue yeah and he
would look who support his base
and I think for him killing journalists
and political opponents it's probably
not the crime so it's and somehow I feel
that he he enemies these leaders
totalitarian leaders authoritarian
leaders around the world that they could
do whatever they want you know to subdue
a political opposition you know I think
partisan but part of the problem here is
that we have a foreign policy under
Trump which is supposed to be an
interest-based rather than a
values-based foreign policy and I think
what you're seeing here is how that
blows literally blows up in America's
face because America is a democracy and
we have problems normal Americans have
problems supporting a regime that is as
brazen as murdering or beheading
journalists in in their own consulate so
putting values at the center of your
foreign policy it turns out to be a
Central American strategic interest mica
ban are just curious because you laid
out some of the obvious steps could be
that could be taken in in the case of
mister Khashoggi but what message do you
think the way the president is handling
this we sort of came into the show this
morning saying that he was naive I think
it might be a little bit more
destructive and dangerous hedging on
whether or not they did it or not
almost cited them sort of not sowing
doubt what message is that sending to
the world to our strategic partners and
basically in terms of our foreign policy
well I think it's a very dangerous
message mica I mean first of all the
message the Saudis wanted to send and
that they have set is that you're not
safe anywhere if you criticize us and
frankly they probably don't mind all
this attention because it's sending that
message for them if you're a Saudi
dissident or journalist anywhere in the
world you're thinking twice and the
message that president Trump is sending
is that there's no consequences and what
you have to realize is there's nobody
else who can play the role of the United
States to hold people like this to a
kite we are the world's oldest and most
significant democracy and if we're not
if we're not setting up for this there's
not somebody else is going to do that
and the consequences of that are
journalists everywhere are less safe and
let's face it we have a president who
says journalists are the enemy of the
state
so values like freedom of speech and
dissent suddenly are very endangered
around the world
and that's a trend line that I think is
getting much worse and into this vacuum
of any advocacy for democratic values
I think it's putting people at risk and
there's nobody else who's going to fill
that vacuum if the president United
States in the United States of America
is not doing that and Gary and in fight
for liberty you talk about how at one
time the spread of democracy seemed to
be unstoppable and yet we now find
ourselves at a place in time where there
is a real threat that that Democratic
that those democratic trend lines are
going to be reversed yes
it's first time since the end of the
Cold War so we are facing the decline of
all indexes of freedom and democracy
around the world it's for more than a
decade straight and I think the free
world has failed to come up with a
strategy cooperated a strategy of
promoting democracy and values and as
just Brett said is a foreign policy of
the United States today is just the
policy of interest
very often short term interest and not
of the values that that could lead the
way America basically abandoned its role
of as a global leader of the free world
and looks for just you know for specific
interests that sometimes or just
contradictory strategic objectives
you know we've also I mean in the past
we've had periods when authoritarian
regimes have been strengthening
particularly the nineteen in the 1930s
but at the time in the United States
core leadership Franklin Roosevelt and
after him Harry Truman and the
succession of American presidents
believed in the values of liberalism and
democracy they're what they're what
define the Western world at the time and
what's so dangerous I think about this
period is that you have at
core of the West this kind of rot
represented in a trump administration
that sees a lot to praise and dictators
and not much to praise and democracy but
it's also the long term policy of
appeasement because crown prince could
look at Putin and put to this record of
of killing his enemies both inside and
outside of Russia and looking at the
rise of other dictators I think it's
very important to understand it sound
kind of it's it's a domino effect if one
dictator can do it then others think why
not the tennis never ask why it's always
why not and there's are no consequences
yes this is the this is a big hype
arouses this is in order but from
soundest perspectives maybe to have a
positive effect for their strategic
objectives because it will it will it
could silence some of the potential
critics have to be simply afraid Joe
okay so Gary talked about if you will
because we focus I think sometimes too
much on the impact that Donald Trump's
language his actions will have on
totalitarian leaders you were a citizen
in the totalitarian Soviet Union we
heard stories after 1989 after 1991
after the Soviet Union fell of people
that were behind the Iron Curtain
actually taking heart from from the
words of every American president from
JFK at the Berlin wall to Ronald Reagan
at the Berlin Wall we heard of
dissidents that were were trapped in the
Soviet Union
listening to American president's words
and believing that the fight was worth
it what is the impact when you have a
president like Donald Trump doing the
opposite of what JFK did the opposite of
what Ronald Reagan did and seeming to
embrace these authoritarian figures
somehow I hope that Donald Trump will
have a positive effect in this country
because it's a wake up call because
people here ignore the Ronald Reagan's
warning that the freedom is always
wanted right away from extinction and
now with Donald Trump I think people
here just you know slowly getting they
understood they recognizing the fact
that these institutions are solid but
getting rusty and it's very important
and to
back and to understand what can be done
to make sure that you know Donald Trump
and the like will not be on will not be
elected and will not be discrediting us
reputation around the globe so then the
bottom one of the bottom lines in this
story is that this morning we have the
American Secretary of State in Riyadh
basically telling the Saudi Arabians
we're going to take you a story we're
going to help make it a little bit
better a little bit more saleable your
response earlier was that what should
happen now is we should form a strategic
alliance of the nations to sit down and
hash this out and tell the Saudis they
can no longer do stuff like this my
question to you is what allies were our
allies yeah who are they well at its
core you know it's our European allies
who sure we've insulted who we've
insulted exactly I mean that and that's
what's so damaging that's where these
pieces connect is it when you have a
Donald Trump who has shown himself much
more willing to criticize an angle or a
Justin Trudeau when you need those
countries and when you need them to do
something hard you know standing up to
Saudi Arabia it's harder to build that
coalition and frankly we're not even
trying but but ultimately look this is a
tough world and you have it a China that
is emerging that is anti-democratic
you have a government of Russia that is
seeking to reassert itself in a very
authoritarian way even with the United
States all our strength we need a team
we need other people who share our
values who have their own power and
influence around the world to work with
us and frankly just the other side of
the coin of Donald Trump raising all
these authoritarian leaders is him
saying even on 60 minutes of the day he
said well I don't even know if they're
allies and he said I don't know if NATO
has been a good bet for us I don't know
if NATO prevented a World War 3 then
those are his own words NATO is the core
security institution of countries that
share values and interests they're all
democracies in NATO and we're supposed
to be standing up to those democratic
values and we're supposed to lead a
chorus of voices one of the great
privilege of serving in government is
when you realize that the United States
would comment on something like this
case and you feel the Europeans coming
behind you you'd feel Japan coming
behind you and that's what's missing so
Ben you said last night with Chris Hayes
that it was a mistake for the Obama
administration to back the Saudis in the
war in
and we know about the civilian deaths we
know about the famine we know about the
refugee crisis is this a good leverage
point for the United States to stop
backing that war I think so and you know
our basic approach was we had concerns
about the war and we had concerns about
the conference we thought by giving them
some support and then at times pulling
that back so you tapping the brakes
putting restraints on certain weapons it
went to them urging them to get in a
political solution that we could
influence the direction events and we
were wrong about that and and the fact
the matter is when the Trump
administration came in any restraints
went off and all the things that we saw
Mohammed bin Salman pressing towards the
end of our administration have come
before the war in Yemen has escalated
you had that bizarre situation with the
prime minister of Lebanon essentially
being held hostage in Saudi Arabia you
had this roundup of his political
opponents and the Ritz you have this
fight with Qatar that has really led
nowhere and frankly we see him asserting
himself in ways that are very
potentially destabilizing and frankly
clearly silencing dissent inside of the
kingdom and we have to exert some
leverage the Saudis need us more than we
need them and there's this imbalance in
how this is playing out you would think
that they were the superpower and and
we're not so Brad will give me the last
word here how does this play out based
on the rhetoric we've heard from the
president yesterday that he believed the
denial based on what we're gonna hear
from Saudi Arabia reportedly today that
it was all an accident in the middle of
an interrogation what happens here is
the United States exert any pressure on
the Saudi Arabia at the end of the day
my suspicion is that they're gonna seek
some kind of admission limited modified
hangout kind of kind of deal in which
they say that we accidentally killed
khashoggi and in an attempt to to render
him back to back to Saudi Arabia the
problem that the administration has is
that it sees the Saudis as the as a
pillar in their larger role in their
overarching desire to stop to stop the
Iranians and as long as the Saudis play
that card they're gonna get a lot of
leeway from from the administration it's
worth saying one more time the argument
goes from Saudi Arabia we just meant to
kidnap torture and interrogate them and
we ended up killing him by mistake Brett
Stevens Gary Kasparov thank you both the
book is fight for liberty defending
democracy in the age of Trumpets out
today Ben Rhodes thank you good to see
you as well still ahead this morning too
secretary James Madison fighting off
speculation that there's a rift between
himself and president Trump what he told
reporters about their relationship and
his future in the administration when
Morning Joe comes right back thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more four Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
