according to a report from ABC News
Today quote at least seven people
associated with longtime Trump friend
Roger stone have been contacted by
special counsel robert muller though
stone has denied colluding with russians
joining me now Ken Delaney and national
security reporter for NBC News
Democratic congressman Joaquin Castro
sits on the House Intelligence Committee
David French is a senior writer at the
National Review and Caroline police he a
criminal defense attorney Ken let me
start with you just in trying to sift
through everything that is in this
indictment we singled it out there this
line here and I want you to translate
because that wording is a little
confusing in this indictment domain
hosted by a third party provider used by
Clinton's personal office the way this
is being interpreted by the folks I'm
reading is saying that's the day Trump
said hey Russia I hope you go find those
thirty thousand emails from Hillary
Clinton but he's one supposedly scrubbed
from her server and that that language I
just read is a reference to Russia
trying to do just that is that what it's
saying there that's what it sure looks
like Steve and you know it I don't think
it's an accident that this date was
mentioned in this indictment there are a
lot of dates that things happen where
the Russian hackers were active and they
didn't list very many of them but this
is one particular date they listed and I
think Muller did it for a reason because
he knows that we would make this
connection he's not alleging that these
Russian actors did this because Donald
Trump asked them to but I think a
reasonable person can make that
inference and it's really extraordinary
because if you remember Katy tur our own
Katy tur gave Donald Trump a chance
after he said that to sort of take it
back or to at least say he's he's
kidding he's engaging in hyperbole but
he no he embraced it he said absolutely
I would like the Russians to if they can
get these emails that would be great or
the Chinese he said and in fact you know
the idea that they morphed from trying
to hack the DNC and the d-triple-c
to trying to hack Hillary Clinton and
her people and they continue to do that
I think is looms very significant in
this investigation Steve okay now no
Americans II indicted here is saying
that there's no allegation in this
indictment that the Americans knew
they've mentioned
knew they were talking to Russian agents
but the speculation now is centering
around Roger stone take us through what
is in here about Roger stone and do we
have any sense where the next steps are
there if they're already right well so
we've known for some time that the
special counsel is calling Roger stones
friends of friends to the grand jury and
asking questions about his knowledge and
the texts are the messages that were
enumerated in this indictment today the
indictment as you said does not mention
Roger stone but he had previously
published this exchange that he had with
gucchy for two and at the time he
published it he said I've never had any
contact with a Russian intelligence
official because he doesn't believe or
at the time was contending that gucchy
for two was not a Russian intelligence
operative but this indictment makes it
clear that that persona is a fake
persona created by Russian intelligence
to leak the stolen emails and so now we
have Roger stone in contact with with
this persona there's nothing
particularly incriminating that laid out
in this indictment that stone did or
said but it certainly refutes his denial
that he engaged with Russians and we
also know you know separately there a
couple of months ago another story broke
that he and he said he remembered that
contact with a Russian down in Florida
who was offering him incriminating
information about Hillary Clinton so if
there is a nexus if there was if there
if there were members of the Trump
campaign or Trump advisers who were
participating with the Russians and
coordinating Roger stone seems like a
likely person that investigators will be
focusing on again no evidence yet but
that's where everybody's looking right
now Steve okay now the immediate next
thing on the world stage the next issue
on the world stage coming out of this is
of course the president Trump is set to
meet with Vladimir Putin there's been
some calls from Democrats tonight and I
think John McCain even potentially for
Trump not to go forward with that
meeting the White House now saying he
will so congressman Castro with that in
mind with the White House saying this
meeting is going forward with this
indictment now detailing what Robert
Muller and his team believe is this is
what Russia was doing in the United
States in this presidential election in
2016 what message do you want President
Trump to bring to Vladimir Putin what
message do you expect him to bring to
Vladimir Putin well
in the news today in the indictments
President Trump should not go bow at the
foot of lad Amir Putin Putin and for him
to do so is a disgrace to the American
people most especially because on the
very day when he publicly called for
Russia to hack into Hillary Clinton's
emails they actually listened to him and
they did that so for him to go there
knowing what all of us know now would be
a disgrace Caroline for me a lawyer's
perspective here Kent is saying he
thinks that line we're talking about you
know the day that Trump says go get
those Hillary emails Russia if you're
listening this line in the indictment
saying it looks like something like that
happened that night for the first time
do you believe that something more put
in there intentionally and from a
prosecutor standpoint what's he trying
what does he want us saying if he's
putting it out there for us to see and
notice I do definitely think he's put
that in there intentionally there's an
old saying and people have been saying
it all day today that prosecutors do not
believe in coincidences so wouldn't it
be quite a big coincidence that you know
unbeknownst to President Trump or
then-candidate Trump you know goosy 42.0
and and and these these Russian
operatives started the spearfishing
campaign on the exact day that President
Trump then Canada Trump told them to do
so so I do think that there's more to
this story in the bigger picture here
this is just part two of a three-part
series I think the third part here is
what if anything did Americans know now
rod Rosen Stein was very clear not to go
that far in a statement today that you
know nobody's alleging thus far that any
Americans knew but I think that's
logically speaking the next shoe to drop
and we mentioned that upcoming a Trump
meeting with Vladimir Putin again the
White House say it's still on and you
could make the argument that today's
indictment would give the president the
evidence he needs to go into that
meeting and hold Vladimir Putin to
account for Russian interference in the
campaign well in advance of that meeting
Trump suggested he does not plan to
confront Putin very strongly this is
what he had to say earlier today
I know you'll hask√≥ will we be talking
about meddling and I will absolutely
bring that up I don't think you'll have
any G I did it I did it you got me there
won't be a Perry Mason here I don't
think but you never know what happens
right but I will absolutely firmly ask
the question Putin of course has
consistently denied that there's any
proof that Russia was responsible for
the interference campaign this is what
he told megyn kelly last year President
Putin you have repeatedly and
passionately denied that Russia was
behind the interference with our
American presidential election yes I
haven't seen even once any direct proof
of Russian interference in the
presidential election in the United
States and now Washington Post columnist
David Ignatius is issuing an ominous
warning warning ahead of Monday's
meeting Trump's concessions to Russia
and his apparent inability to hold Putin
accountable prompted ignatius to write
that Trump should consider the
possibility that Helsinki could someday
become a symbolic name for appeasement
like Munich in 1938 quote improving
relations with Russia is a worthy goal
so long as it doesn't undermine security
or reward bad behavior David Ignatius
their David French let me bring you in I
read you have a new piece up on National
Review saying the witches are real the
president has been calling this Muller
investigation a witch hunt you're
certainly taking it seriously but let me
ask you this because we talk so much
about you know the president's been
making the case to his supporters that
hey this is my enemies this is the
Democrats these are the Clinton diehards
who just don't want to respect what
happened in 2016
do you see anything in this indictment
today in the news in the coverage of it
that's going to change how this has sort
of percolated on the right well it's
certainly not in the hardcore Trump base
because the immediately the response was
well yet again we see no collusion even
though there were the very interesting
paragraphs in the indictment indicating
that there was direct communication with
unnamed individuals with gusoff or 2.0
which broadcasts that there are more
shoes left to drop but until you see
some evidence that says that is
screaming collusion you're going to have
a hard core base that is
be unfazed by any of this but I do think
you had a lot of thoughtful
conservatives out there who said I now
and it is becoming clearer and clearer
that the Intelligence Agency's
assessment that the Putin regime tried
to intervene what was first - disruption
operation became an operation on
attempting to hurt Hillary Clinton and
help Donald Trump it is increasingly
clear abundantly clear that Muller needs
to be free to do his work and let the
chips fall where they may and I think
one thing that's very key because he
focused on the actual Russian
interference in our election here he
Illustrated that he's doing his work
competently and professionally and
according to the core terms of his
appointment and that's a very important
thing in congressman castor I'm just
curious have you had a chance to talk to
any of your Republican colleagues have
you heard from them at all have you have
you felt the temperature change there at
all in response to this I haven't Steve
you know we ended voting somewhere
around 11 o'clock this morning and most
of us have been on planes I just got
back home to Texas about an hour ago but
in addition to the indictments and the
fact that the president should cancel
this summit it also speaks to the need
for two very important things first
greater election security there isn't a
single federal law and I don't think
there's a state law at least nobody's
been able to point to one that says that
that sets any bar or minimum bar for
cybersecurity protection for our voting
systems and we know that the Russians
hacked into twenty-something states
voter registration systems so there's
got to be laws that are put into place
and greater cooperation among all levels
of government the second part is that
we've got to have the equivalent of a
cyber NATO where nations come together
and are able to act defensively when one
of them is attacked
NATO accomplishes that when a country is
physically intruded upon but what's
missing is that cyber component hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
