the good news is the president didn't
unilaterally announce today that the
United States is leaving NATO the bad
news is that that's actually news
because there was a realistic
possibility that he might have tried to
do that today NATO is a 69 year old
alliance that was founded in 1949 while
the planet was still reeling from world
war ii soviet union of course lost
millions of people in world war ii but
they also emerged from the war
aggressive an expansionist with a goal
to spread or impose soviet-style
communism anywhere they could all over
the world and so NATO an alliance of
countries that agreed to stick together
behind one key pledge anyone attacks any
one of us then they attack all of us
that's the basic idea of NATO all
members of NATO are obliged to respond
if any one member of NATO is attacked
that's the idea that mutual defense
pledged among NATO countries has only
been invoked once in the sixty nine year
history of the Alliance once after 9/11
when we invoked it after that attack and
our NATO allies came to our aid NATO was
initially set up in 1949 as a dozen
nations including us over the years that
has expanded to now include 29 countries
and whether it's because it's expanded
to 29 countries or whether it's just
because the thing still exists NATO you
should also know is the bane of Russia's
existence and if you want to dig right
down into the spinal column of Russia
seeing itself in opposition to the west
and in opposition to what we used to
call the free world its NATO but if you
gave Vladimir Putin a magic wand and one
wish he would wish for the dissolution
of NATO or that he was taller one of the
two so today President Trump did not
blow up the NATO alliance
congratulations he did use the NATO
meeting as an occasion to publicly
insult and lie about these countries our
fellow NATO members who until about a
year and a half ago used to be our
closest allies in the world then having
arrived late he proceeded to walk out
early so he could reassert to the press
as positive feelings about Vladimir
Putin his excitement about their
forthcoming summit in a few days so
here's my question actually I have a
bunch of questions but here's here's
here's the first one if say you find
yourself in the middle of what you think
might be a fundamental reshaping of the
international order one that appears to
be happening quickly and it appears to
be wildly to the detriment of your
beloved country and the West and you
think that might be happening for the
worst possible reasons what's a girl to
do with that
what's a citizen to do with that
information joining us now for the
interview is one of the most experienced
American diplomats walking the earth
former US NATO ambassador and former
Assistant Secretary of State for
European affairs Victoria Nuland
ambassador England thank you so much for
being here thanks for having me generate
to talking to you for a long time thank
you
what would what would change in the
world if NATO did go away I mean NATO
has shaped the world since World War two
can we imagine what would happen if
President Trump decided to act on his
plainly hostile feelings toward NATO and
if he tried to end it our extract us
from it well first and foremost the
United States would be all alone when it
faced any strategic challenge out there
in the world as you said the only time
NATO invoked its mutual protection was
after we got hit in Afghanistan by from
forces in Afghanistan and it wasn't even
our idea to invoke Article five it was
our NATO allies who said you've been hit
we want to come and help you so we would
be all alone in any circumstance you
know President Trump himself put out a
national security strategy that said
we've got to wake up because we've got a
strategic competitor in Russia in China
he could have used these two days to
pull the family together and say how are
we gonna deal with that and instead he
spent the time attacking the family do
you think that President Trump actually
had anything to do with that national
security strategy doesn't it seem like
HR McMaster who was then the national
security adviser got that done and then
got fired and president trout probably
has no idea what was in that you know
it's pretty bizarre as a 32 year veteran
of the US government
we now have governance where not only is
the president issuing and signing
documents that then he publicly takes
positions opposed to every single member
of his cabinet is in a hundred and
eighty degree different place than he is
we now have we have Pompeo we have
Bolton we have all of them warning about
Russia but President Trump believes this
is going to be the easiest meeting for
him to do this week what what could go
wrong okay what's the worst case
scenario for Trump's meeting with Putin
in a few days you you have spent time
with on Mir Putin I have been support
staff in meetings with with President
Putin he is a very wily guy he will have
studied President Trump and what makes
him happy and what makes him move he
will have watched very carefully the
Singapore summit with Kim jong-un where
that was also supposed to be a summit
where they just got to know each other
and then the hard work could would get
done and instead our president comes out
and announces the suspension of a major
military exercise and it's not really
clear what we get back from the DPRK so
I think clearly Putin is thinking about
all the things that he wants he wants
president Trump to make good on his
pledge that are his belief that Crimea
ought to be a part of Russia so there's
a shot it rewarded for invading another
country and taking part of their
territory by the US recognizing that and
saying that's fine
exactly and you know watch out for
Alaska next well I want that back right
so that would be one piece you know we
know that the Russians are now violating
the intermediate nuclear forces treaty
we had banned nuclear weapons at that
range and now the Russians are cheating
so he may very well say to the president
Trump hey we don't need this treaty at
all why don't we both break out of it
and that just rewards him very much he
may say hey you've done your job in
Syria why don't you get out now and I'll
take care of Iran and we'll keep Assad
in power and we know that President
Trump has been talking items toward that
out some anyway absolutely and you know
the the Russians will say we'll keep
Iran to a dull roar in Syria but this is
the same country that has used a
as its foot soldiers in this campaign to
strengthen Assad and to keep them in
power so the notion that they're going
to keep them in check is pretty hard to
imagine so there are a lot of things
that Putin wants if he may want
sanctions relieved of course you know I
mean if speaking hypothetically if
Vladimir Putin for some reason
hypothetically was in a position to be
able to give orders to US president
right we're told that President Trump
has tried to arrange this summit so that
at one point in the summit it will be
him and President Putin in a room with
no other Americans there won't was as
long as far as we understand maybe not
even an American translator there so if
President Putin were hypothetically in
some sort of position where he could
give orders to an American president
behind closed doors no other American
would ever know what those orders were
we think if he had that sort of magic
one what what would be the thing he
would want most what kind of order would
he give well first of all we know that
the summit is going to start with an
extended one-on-one yeah between these
two presidents the thing he wants most
is money Russia is not in good financial
shape Putin is not in good financial
shape so he wants sanctions relief he
wants relief for the sanctions that we
put on them for the invasion of Ukraine
and also for some of the things that
happened in Syria that's the number-one
thing he wants and a US president could
deliver that well you know thanks to the
Congress these sanctions are now
legislated because very soon after the
president Trump came into office members
from both parties and both houses were
worried that he would give this away for
free mm-hmm and so they put them in
legislation so it'll it's more difficult
than it might have been but there are
lots of things the president could do by
executive order he certainly wants his
occupation of Crimea legitimized because
that would be you know a great
validation in front of his own people
who are according to the polls less
enamored of his leadership than they
used to be and he'd want you the u.s. to
pull the rug out from under NATO and
continue to destabilize the European
Union and other Western alliances he'd
want more trouble between us and our
closest allies like Germany he may want
a US US and NATO exercises in the Baltic
Sea canceled
you know Kim jong-un got that why
couldn't he get that victory Newlin
would you mind staying with me just for
one moment we have to take a quick break
but there's something that came up today
actually in the very dramatic Peter
struck hearings that I wanted to ask you
about would you mind staying with us all
right Victoria Nuland is our guest
tonight for the interview stay with us
we'll be right back hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
