I am joined by the top Democrat at that
hearing from the Judiciary Committee
Jerry Nadler is the ranking member and
has stepped out to speak with me now let
me catch you up here on what's going on
the hearing intents and the Starr
democratic staffers wasted pictures you
can see they're too bit to bring the
thing to its opening there's basically
photos as you can tell the people who've
pled guilty in this case that led
Democrats to say this is no witch-hunt
meanwhile Peter struck has been breaking
his silence and he's defending not only
himself we're gonna show you here today
his defense of the Malheur probe he was
once a part of this investigation is not
politically motivated after it is not a
witch-hunt it is not a hoax
that was his statement but Republicans
fired up because they argued that
Struck's poor judgment it does indeed
cast the entire probe in doubt well you
wrote it my point sir did you write it
did you write that I did write that sir
okay where you want to direct the clear
testimony is Bob Muller did not kick you
off because of the content of your text
he kicked you all because of some
appearance that he was worried about it
is not my understanding that he kicked
me off because of any bias that it was
done based on the appearance if you want
to represent what she said accurately
I'm happy to answer that question but I
don't appreciate what was originally
said being changed I don't give a damn
what you appreciate agent strong now
those messages in question is struck
privately texting with an FBI lawyer
then they were both critical of Trump
they were engaged as well in a
relationship now they called Trump an
idiot and a disaster and said and this
has become become a matter of some
debate but they said they would quote
stop Trump from becoming president it
was in response to a series of events
that included then-candidate Trump
insulting the immigrant family of a
fallen war hero and my presumption based
on that horrible disgusting behavior
that the American population would not
elect somebody demonstrating that
behavior to be present in the United
States it was in no way unequivocally
any suggestion that me the FBI would
take any action whatsoever to improperly
impact the electoral process for any
candidate and
things got quite fiery this morning
congressman Nadler going on the attack
and telling the Republican chairman he
was badgering this FBI agent are you
objecting to the question if so please
state your objections the Chairman I
object
the gentleman it does not have standing
to effect there is no order no point of
order hears we have a problem with this
policy we should take it up with the FBI
not badger mr. struck the gentleman's
point of order is not well taken it's
right on point no it's not and
congressman Jeff now they're taking a
break from the hearing to join us live
tonight what are we learning today and
is this hearing useful well this hearing
is just a big show by the Republicans to
help the President as the walls close in
and as the walls of the investigation
close in on him and they're trying to
use the the text messages of the private
political opinions of mr. struck to try
to discredit the integrity and the and
the credibility investigation and
they're asking him now remember he was
removed from the investigation very
early on as soon as Muller learned about
about his text messages and he hasn't
been part of it but they're trying it
they're insisting on asking him as they
did insist on asking Deputy Attorney
General Rosenstein questions they know
he can't answer questions about an
ongoing investigation an ongoing
criminal investigation which the FBI
lawyer instructs him not to answer and
if he doesn't answer then they
threatened to hold him in contempt and
if he does answer then that will that
will hurt the integrity of the of the
investigation it may help give
information directly to the president's
defense team as Rudy Giuliani has
already suggested but the point is the
investigation they're trying to use this
to discredit the investigation to poison
the jury pool the American people
against whatever the investigation comes
up with and the point of the
investigation is although the
president's calling it a witch hunt and
the Republicans in Congress are doing
everything they can to discredit it no
one is defending it because all we
really know about the investigation is
that
Ben no leaks from it which is proper
they haven't been saying we're doing a
good job because all we know there are
the court filings you know we know
they've been 20 indictments mostly of
people close to the president there was
campaign we know they've been I think
five guilty pleas by people close to the
president ORS campaign and we know
they've been very squirt finalists and
that's all we know and that's all we
should know but the president through
his tweets and the Republicans through
trying to - to throw mud against mr.
Page who was really a minor actor in
this are trying to discredit to detract
from what we know about the
investigation which is the indictments
and to discredit whatever they may come
up with when they issue a report yeah I
think you're referring to mr. structor
miss page yes when you talk about
whether this is done properly or not
there was another dramatic moment where
your counterpart or your the top
Democrat on this committee the top
Republican chairman Goodlatte appeared
to say that the witness couldn't discuss
matters with the FBI counsel let me play
that for viewers as you know counsel for
the FBI has directed me not to answer
questions about the ongoing
investigation as you also know counsel
for the FBI is sitting here behind me
may I consult with them you may consult
with your own counsel no good I may not
consult with you only with your own
counsel mr. chairman there's no basis
for that he can so with the FBI counsel
he's an FBI in general it is not
recognized and the Chairman is not being
proper I guess you were not recognized
there but for the sake of transparency
you recognized here sir what were you
getting at and what was the chairman
trying to do well it was it was rather
pointless of the Chairman because mr.
Strix counsel was sitting next to the
FBI counsels so she or he I forget we
just leaned over and one told the other
and then his counsel told him but the
point is that as a employee of the FBI
FBI policy Justice Department policy has
been for many years we have a letter to
the to the committee in from in 2000
from the then Deputy Attorney General
saying we cannot comment on active
Criminal Investigations at the end of
the criminal investigation then you can
get materials you can look into it but
you you cannot comment mr. Stroh cannot
comment nobody in the FBI can comment on
an active criminal investigation because
it would undermine that investigation it
might jeopardize a secret FBI informants
it might give the potential defendants
information which they shouldn't have
until later it might undermine the
integrity the investigation therefore he
was instructed not to answer questions
about the ongoing investigation then the
Republicans tried to put him in the
position as they did Deputy Attorney
General Rosen's time two weeks ago in
the position of saying either you
violate the long-standing policy and
proper norms by talking about things you
shouldn't talk about namely the ongoing
criminal investigation or will hold you
in contempt and that is highly improper
and again it's all designed to create an
artificial fight about something that
ultimately is not important which is
whether he was whether mr. page
mr. struck rather was was biased or not
even though the Inspector General found
that any opinions or biases he had did
were not reflected in any decisions made
by the FBI or by the Justice Department
and he was removed from the from the
Mullah probe very early on as soon as
Mullah found that about about the text
but they're using this to try to take
attention from the mole investigation
and to discredit the mohel investigation
just to throw a lot of mud there so that
when the Muller investigation comes out
with whatever it does come out with if
it's not favorable to the president
though they'll have a lot of people they
will have poisoned the jury pool as Rudy
Giuliani said ultimately this could come
up to a judgment by the American people
of should we impeach the president
should we not etc and they want to
discredit whatever recommendations or
reports may come out when they don't
know what it will be but nobody knows
what it'll be yet as for mr. struck I
mean it's your position basically that
he said was stupid but he didn't do
anything wrong or that what he said was
fine because the the thought experiment
that Republicans are asking Americans to
consider tonight is if an official said
these things about Barack Obama or pick
your favorite president
it might upset a lot of people around
the country yes regardless go ahead I
asked mr. struck I said you've been in
the FBI for 22 years you know a lot of
people were there other FBI agents who
had a low opinion of Donald Trump yes
with their other FBI agents who had a
terrible opinion of Hillary Clinton and
then sand and hope that Trump would win
the election yes he said did any of this
on your part or on their part affect
decisions for the and the investigation
no and the Inspector General found that
none of these things affected decisions
made by the investigation and mr. struck
was not in the position to make any such
decisions on his own in any event he was
one of a number of people and frankly
people are entitled even federal
employees even FBI agents are entitled
to their private opinions they're
entitled to tell their clothes their
their lovers their private opinions as
long as they don't let it affect any
decisions made by the FBI and there is
no evidence whatsoever that any that any
opinion or bias by mr. struck or by
anybody holding the other opinion the
other opinion affected any of the
decisions made and in any event none of
this is relevant to the ongoing
investigation because he was removed
from that investigation at the very
beginning I want to play a question you
posed that cuts to the heart of this and
is easy to forget why we're in such a
unique period right now and his answer
from earlier today for viewers who may
have been at work are not seeing it here
it is how frequently does the FBI
investigate a possible conspiracy
between a presidential candidate or
campaign and the hostile foreign power
this is the first time I can remember in
my lifetime is it fair to say that our
country faced and is possibly still
facing a grave threat from a hostile
foreign power it is what are you getting
at there as the larger stakes apart from
this individual mistake is that we know
all our intelligence agencies tell us
the bipartisan Senate Intelligence
Committee said the same thing last week
the Russian government attempted to
interfere with our election to help mr.
Trump's election and to hurt Hillary
Clinton's election this we know we are
also told by our intelligence agencies
that they are attempting and will
continue to attempt to affect our 2018
elections and we also know from
testimony before the Senate that when
the Director of National Intelligence
was asked have you gotten any
instructions from the administration to
do anything to help protect the
integrity of our midterm elections from
Russian attempts to interfere his answer
was no and certainly what mr. struck was
saying and it's obviously correct is
that when a hostile foreign power is
trying to interfere with the integrity
of the very way we govern ourselves and
with the integrity of our elections that
is a very high priority or ought to be a
very high priority to deal with a
congressman Nadler I appreciate you
taking some time out of the room I know
that there are many members in there and
this has been many hours and we're told
well I'll close by asking you I'm told
it could go as late as 9:00 p.m. Eastern
tonight what do you know it could be
depending how many members State dance
they're five minutes of questions
understood so we appreciate you making
some time on the beat to explain your
perspective congressman Jerrold Nadler
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
