it's not even 10 a.m. and we're talking
porn stars Stephanie Clifford known to
most as stormy Daniels she's out of jail
today that is according to the Ohio
police the former adult film star was
released just a few hours ago after
being arrested last night at an Ohio
strip club Vice police officers arrested
Clifford during a performance charging
her with three counts of illegally
touching a patron I want to bring in
stormy Daniels attorney you know him
well
Michael avenatti okay Stephanie is out
of jail what happened last night she
appeared at the strip club sirens in
Columbus to performing she correct to
perform the same performance that she's
performed across the country
make America horny again I actually
don't think that they still use that
name at every club but whatever it's
called it's called God so she was there
for her performance and unbeknownst to
her the police had set up a sting
operation within the strip club with
multiple officers and during her
performance they asked her if they could
place their face in between her breasts
while she was performing on stage I said
yes
and I'm not going to get into the
details of what happened next
the undercover officers were female
which was was not unusual to her because
there's a lot of females that are going
to clubs around the country to see her
and they want to it's a female or male
appropriate touching is inappropriate
well in it if it's inappropriate I mean
you know look here's my view of this
okay I think this is ridiculous
I think it's an absurd use of law
enforcement resources my client was
subsequently taken into custody
they took her on the perp walk so she
could be videotaped getting out of the
paddy wagon she was bailed out this
morning on six thousand dollars bail she
has an arraignment tomorrow morning at
9:30 but she is we are entering a not
guilty plea on her behalf today so she
will not make a personal appearance
tomorrow we've cancelled the event
scheduled for today and she's likely to
leave the state here within the next
couple hours
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching Emma
BC on YouTube if you want to keep up to
date with the videos we're putting out
you can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
