Germany is totally controlled by Russia
Germany as far as I'm concerned is
captive to Russia that certainly doesn't
seem to make sense that they take
visions of dollars to Russia and now we
have to defend them against Russia
president Trump's accusation as you
heard that Germany is under Russia's
control it remains a bracing attack on
one of this country's closest allies
just 31 years ago standing in front of a
structure that both dominated and
divided the city of Berlin President
Ronald Reagan delivered a speech
affirming us support for Germany at a
time when that part of the country was
under Soviet control as long as this
gate is closed as long as this scar of a
wall is permitted to stand it is not the
German question alone that remains open
but the question of freedom for all
mankind general secretary Gorbachev if
you seek peace if you seek prosperity
for the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe
if you seek liberalization come here to
this gate mr. Gorbachev open this gate
mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall and
the rest as they say is history among
those growing up on the other side of
the wall the east side of the wall was a
young woman named Angela Merkel now
Chancellor of Germany with us tonight to
talk about what it is we're witnessing
our friend Steve Schmidt a political
veteran of the Bush White House the
McCain presidential campaign among other
stops Steve I have a two-part question
where and who will the grown-ups be who
rise up and say mr. president now you're
playing on house money and this is not
the way we intended it with NATO and
second Steve what is it we're witnessing
today well Brian thank you for having me
what we're witnessing first off is the
Sundering of the Western alliance the
NATO alliance t-mose
to pour in the most successful military
alliance in the history of the world
which has kept the peace in Europe for
the last seventy-three years and has led
Europe from destruction to prosperity
held back Soviet totalitarianism and has
helped spread freedom across all of the
captive nations of Eastern Europe all of
these countries that are up there today
most every one of them has shed blood
their sons their daughters have died
fighting for the United States for the
NATO alliance
after the invocation of Article five
upon the occasion of the attack on the
United States on September 11th and to
see a president of the United States and
different to this institution
indifferent to these allies and their
sacrifices indifferent to the shared
values of liberty and freedom that bind
all of our countries together with the
exception of course the Turkish autocrat
that Trump has a great affinity for when
we see him indifferent to that it's a
tragic day when you weaken the most
important military alliance in the
history of the world you make the world
a more dangerous place and you're doing
Vladimir Putin's bidding who has no
higher strategic goal than to unravel
the European Union and to unravel the
NATO alliance but I guess my larger
question parts of which we ask here
every night Steve is why why would that
be part of trumps motive well Trump is
part of a spreading autocratic
nationalism populism that we see rising
all over the world in Poland in Hungary
we see a regression of liberal democracy
this president has shown from day one
his indifference to liberal democracy
he has a fetish for autocrats clearly he
praises them all over the world from
Putin to Kim jong-eun I don't know why
he has such affinity for Vladimir Putin
I can't explain to you why he's insulted
everybody from Rosie O'Donnell to
Theresa May but never Vladimir Putin
nary a contrary word towards the Russian
autocrat it's completely inexplicable
but it sends a dangerous message around
the world America imperfect though she
may be in this post Cold War era in the
post-war era has said has stood for a
liberal ideal against tyranny against
fascism against communism against the
Talat arianism and you see Trump through
his actions weakening those ideals and
that is dangerous dangerous for the
United States dangerous for all the
world for all the people the world who
want to live in peace and freedom
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
