comes moves today made clear he's
deliberately testing the unity and
strength of the Alliance the question is
why the only beneficiary of trumps havoc
is Vladimir Putin who's been rooting for
the collapse of data since the days of
the Cold War Putin said as much last
year telling NBC's megyn kelly it would
help Russia if NATO ultimately fell
apart
President Putin does all this squabbling
over NATO help Russia sort of sort of a
caponata squabbles around NATO do they
help Russia but we don't see that just
yet well there's a little smile on the
little guy ruining returning to me right
now is Richard Blum aha
Blumenthal democratic senator from
Connecticut David Miliband who's the
former British foreign minister and
Labour Party politician he's now the
presidency of the International Rescue
Committee David corn is Washington
bureau chief of course for Mother Jones
an MSNBC analyst and you Michel cinder
is what else corresponding for the
NewsHour on PBS and an MSNBC contributor
she joins us now from NATO's summit in
Brussels I want to start with with the
senator Blumenthal you know I really do
believe he's embarrassing us over there
and I don't just mean progressives or
Democrats or even independents or
reasonable Trump resistant Republicans
everybody why would he start a fight in
the kitchen with all of NATO you look
like he just wanted a fight he is
essentially playing from Vladimir
Putin's playbook that Vladimir Putin
wants to sow discord and division not
only among our European allies with us
but also within them in other words
within Germany embolden the right-wing
which is also trumps playbook and so it
is really an insidious not just
embarrassing it is disgraceful and
destructive and a threat to our national
security and one more point here Chris
and you appreciate this point these
allies have stood by our side they've
shed blood sacrifice lives
treasure through world wars the Korean
War now Iraq and Afghanistan we're gonna
need these allies at some point and we
are antagonizing the folks who are our
friends just so the president Donald
Trump can create space for possible
concessions even more alarming than what
he has just said disgraceful it is are
the concessions that he may make to
Vladimir Putin when he meets with him in
Helsinki David Miliband you know when
you read about Yalta back in 45
Roosevelt did tilt towards Stalin he did
sort of mistreat I think or at least
teased Winston Churchill to sort of win
favor where the chat-up if you will to
use a British term to chat up but Stalin
what's going on here is there any
possible reason to believe this is good
for the world the Trump is really
dumping on our allies in Europe well
Chris I think teasing is different from
raising and you do need to have a
historical perspective I think it's
right that you look back across the last
70 years and this has been the longest
period of peace and prosperity across
the Atlantic that we've ever known and
it's been good not just for Europeans
but for Americans as well
President Trump said last month that he
thought that the European Union had been
set up to humiliate America and to do
down America and I think that's at the
heart of this zero-sum view of the world
that he is propagating I think it's
important to say that Europeans are in a
strange way being united by the attacks
that are coming on them yeah across the
political spectrum Europeans are staring
in disbelief but they're also
recognizing that they have to take
matters more matters into their own
hands and I think you're going to see a
greater European unity in the face of
these extraordinary attacks which are of
course allied to the trade assault that
is going on at the moment as well
Churchill said that John Foster Dulles
our foreign minister our Secretary of
State back in the fifties was a bull
they carried his china shop around with
him do you people in Britain and you're
from Britain of course you were a leader
over there do you think Trump's got a
brain suit problem that he somehow has
to have fights that this is how he
realizes himself fighting with somebody
even if he picked a fight with the
president
across the table at breakfast it seems
to me he just wanted to be seen on
television fighting well certainly
there's the pugilism of American
politics is very much understood across
Europe what people can't understand is
that there he's picking a fight less
with the general secter of NATO more
with mrs. Merkel who seems to be very
much in his sights of course mrs. Merkel
knows what it means to be a captive of
the Soviet Union since she grew up in
East Germany and rather tartly rebuked
the president this afternoon in pointing
out that she knew what it meant to be
free of Soviet domination of course
Germany has taken a much tougher line
with the Russians and I think the global
context is important remember we're
living at a time this is the week when
German warfare has been used on British
streets it's a time when we know that
there's been cyber warfare against the
Baltic States never mind the invasions
of Georgia and Ukraine it doesn't make
you an old cold warrior to point out
that a revanchist Russia weak in its
economy at home is striking out in a
very dangerous world way abroad and a
divided NATO frankly is no NATO at all
at a time when Russia is thinking about
how it can gain further strategic
advantage last question to you in this
segment do you think Trump is responding
to the dossier he's afraid of what the
Trump's got on them
I don't wait wait they're Putin's guide
I don't think that's driving I frankly
living and working in New York you can
see that there's domestic politics at
play here there's a group of Americans
who are clearly riled by what they
perceive to be European progress in the
face of American stagnation frankly the
statistics don't bear that out
certainly the period of transatlantic
cooperation has been marked by gains in
prosperity on both sides it's been a
genuine win-win and of course the amount
of the German hosting of American troops
on German soil for training and other
matters is actually a contribution to
American security rather than a negation
of it yeah Mitch do you think the
president's playing for the home crowd
well when President Trump blasted really
into this Brussels summit and went after
Germany there are some people who think
always playing right into the hands of
Russia he's doing all this stuff because
he wants to end tagging
they're allies but in reality there's
also this idea that he's projecting what
people say about him on to Germany
people have said that President Trump is
influenced by German by Russia they're
saying obviously that the Muller
investigation is looking at whether or
not Russia had an influence on his
campaign and colluded and so he has to
then really have his base a hand his
base that win and say well what are you
doing for us so in some ways I think
that he was definitely playing to his
base he was having this idea that he
wanted to look like a strong man in
Europe and remember as a candidate he
was very clear that he was going to
antagonize our allies there are a lot of
things that President Trump does that
people think he's backing away from but
in this case he's actually keeping his
promise he's he's burning money he's
basically in line with what he said he
was going to do so I think in this case
he actually is definitely thinking about
home when he does this it's funny we're
watching a picture of each now where
he's posing with another fella there are
another one of these representatives in
Brussels and he made it put it like step
like again had to get his shoulder in
front of the other guy's shoulder anyway
yesterday President Trump said that his
upcoming encounter with Putin scheduled
for Monday over in Helsinki Finland
would actually be easier than dealing
with NATO in the UK here he goes
NATO has not treated this fairly but I
think we'll work something out we pay
far too much they pay far too little so
I have
they know I have the UK which is in
somewhat turmoil and I frankly Putin may
be the easiest of them all who would
think who would think well we think so
it's another indication that Trump has
no problem trashing America's closest
allies while at the same time he has
consistently appeared willing to do
almost anything to do he says to get
along with Russia here he goes if we
have a good relationship with Russia
believe me that's a good thing be a
fantastic thing if we got along with
Putin and if we got along with Russia
yeah I think we got along very well and
I think that's a good thing that's not a
bad thing I hope that we do have good
relations with Russia I say it loud and
clear I've been saying it for years I
want to be able because I think it's
very important to get along with Russia
I think I could have a very good
relationship with Russia and with
President Putin and if I did that would
be a great thing if we can get along
with Russia that's a good thing not a
bad thing but getting along with Russia
would be a good thing not a bad thing
and just about everybody agrees to that
except very stupid people well there we
are let's get back to David corn you've
been writing about this you've got a
great book on it Russian Roulette what
is driving him to trash our good friends
a decade has in fact a century to win up
that sort of the wins some sort of love
from Vladimir Putin what's he up to have
you ever heard him say it'd be a good
thing if he had good relationships with
our allies with Germany with Canada he
doesn't say that about anyone else other
than Russia so what's this I can't you
believe the dossier is driving him no
not necessarily you believe there's a
quid pro quo from the election when he
was helped to win this election by the
Russian I don't think that what explains
his love affair with Vladimir Putin
there's something psychological when it
comes to Justin Trudeau Angela Merkel I
don't think he believes he's an equal I
think he resents the fact that they want
to be equals with him like you know
they're just pesty pesky little allies
and when he looks at Blair Putin he sees
a guy who he wants to be accepted by and
who he wants to emulate as a strong man
Marko's far more impressive a leader in
total she's a woman to begin with so I
don't think that
it's much for him and she's not an
oligarch strongman autocrat corrupt
kleptocratic leader which is what you
said what do you think yeah there's your
best shot why is he kissing up to be
blunt about it volodymyr at the expense
of our historic allies what's he up to
I think he is either beholden to Putin
and he is because Putin intervened in
the election to help him or he's an
impulsive spoiled teenager and who sort
of wants to curry favor with someone he
admires but the mere fact you're asking
the question Chris is the most dangerous
and frightening part of this whole thing
and let me make this point and it may be
the most important I have to make Donald
Trump doesn't speak for America the
center of the United States even as he
went to Europe passed a resolution
saying to NATO we are with you we want
you to be with us we are not abandoning
this historic relationship that
resolution was approved ninety eight to
two well well the NATO alliance was
found that the outset of the Cold War is
a deterrent against Soviet expansion
into Europe of course most of us grew up
knowing that it was used as a
counterbalance against the USSR's own
alliance known as the Warsaw Pact which
included their satellite states in
Central and Eastern Europe but after the
fall of the seven Union the Warsaw Pact
dissolved
however NATO expanded right up to
Russia's borders to include many of the
countries the USSR once controlled like
Poland and Hungary and the Baltic States
you can see why Putin is a little angry
here because all his little what
so-called they weren't his ours they
were his satellites are now on the
western side and he's all alone out
there you meet the feeling that I get is
that the Trump is going over to Vladimir
Putin who lost the Cold War his country
that he's a KGB operative probably one
of the killers from the KGB
he's now sitting there with no allies no
satellites and he wants to somehow ruin
our deal because the American alliance
with Europe as strong as ever but why is
Trump doing this for him
why is he breaking up the West the way
history broke up the east well I'll say
that
unlike the g7 which is really an
economic Club which is really a trade
club president Trump has to do a lot to
get out of NATO he has to actually get
out of a tree that was started in 1949
and even though that he has all this
rhetoric and is talking a lot
I spoke to NATO sources here a lot of
people from different countries as well
as State Department officials and they
said that president Trump's of rhetoric
isn't actually changing day to day
operations that said President Trump
could actually the loosen the US
connection sitting to NATO by decreasing
troops are giving less money to NATO
there are a lot of people who are very
worried that when he sits down with
flatteri Putin that he's gonna maybe
give away some of that stuff NATO allies
don't really know what to think at this
point because he had such a raucous day
today they're very very worried about
that so we really won't know until
Monday until after that meeting what he
does but I think President Trump wants
to look like a strongmen it goes back to
that idea if he wants to talk to his
base and wants to really feel as though
he's not being taken advantage of
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
