welcome back with the president in
Europe antagonizing our allies ahead of
a meeting with Putin I'm joined now by
Stephen Hadley he's a former national
security adviser to President George W
Bush mr. Hadley welcome back to the show
nice to be here so I want to try to get
to the conversation on the other side of
the pond here so we're having plenty of
sort of domestic reaction to what the
president is doing with our allies
what's what's happening in Paris in
London in Berlin with these comments
today well you know I think one of the
dilemmas for the president is he's
trying to exert some leverage the
Europeans to get them to do what America
has been asking them to do for 20 years
to increase defense spending to take
more responsibility for their security
and he's doing it in the way that he
knows how to do speaking truth to power
being very probably too public and too
sharp in his rhetoric and he's doing it
to get leverage to try to get the
outcome he wants the problem is that in
the public's it's getting a reaction
which is in some sense making the
public's more anti-american and you know
you saw this in terms of Mexico when he
made a lot of comments about Mexicans
coming across the border to get leverage
on NAFTA and it had I think the effect
of making it easier for the Lopez
Obrador to to win the Mexican presidency
so his rhetoric I think he's not aware
about the the consequences his rhetoric
has on the politics in the countries
with which he's dealing that ultimately
can make problems for America down the
road this issue of what is NATO
post-cold-war has been a debate I've
been to multiple NATO summits I feel
like it's always a side conversation
ever what's it going to be when NATO got
involved in Libya there was always is
that a good idea or a bad idea what's it
going to be that's still part of this
challenge is that what's making it
easier for President Trump to
essentially potentially blow up this
alliance a little bit because NATO is
uncertain of what its mission is well I
actually think you know while everyone's
focusing on the rhetoric what I'm told
is that there was an agreement on a NATO
summit declar
today which the president joined which
ratified a lot of measures that NATO is
taking to strengthen its ability to
reinforce and protect the Eastern
countries and hopefully to deter Russia
from trying to do in the Baltic States
what it what it did in Ukraine that's
the good news I think actually great
NATO at a time when we thought the cold
war was over and Russia was no longer a
threat we were doing things like
Afghanistan external threats or threats
now that Russia is back in a more
menacing posture NATO is returning to a
traditional role of defending Europe I
think NATO knows what its mission is and
if you strip aside the rhetoric what was
done today is a further step in the
right direction and from join that step
okay but can you strip away the rhetoric
anymore and I say this because his his
rhetoric clearly has an audience and I
think some of it has to do with the
populist audience in Europe and some of
it has to do with his base here it has
consequences you know I can say I'm no
political analyst as you know I'm a
foreign policy folks but I think what
he's trying to do now is go into the
midterm elections in November of 2018
having been tough on trade tough on
immigration tough on our allies even if
I were mayor even if it's nowhere else
yet he's not result yes that's right
he's reset the table on these issues
he's now going into the midterm
elections he's energizing his base
because that's the only way he can avoid
losing seats in the House and in the
Senate the question is going to be after
that happens and after he has what I'm
sure he will describe as a stunning
victory in November in year three of
this is no matter what it looks like
right no matter if Democrats win or lose
right I know what you being there it'll
be a stunning victory when the Democrats
would 50 seats are not right here three
of this election having had the
disruption having reset the tables are
they able to deliver some results that's
the question
he's had two years of disruption he's
now got his own team in place the key
thing is can they deliver something in
the third year or is this simply going
to be a disruption presidency I ask you
this
can you imagine george w bush
Barack Obama so blatantly having allies
insert themselves into Germany's
politics and the UK's politics I mean
the President himself oh look what's
going on there with I mean almost
stoking Boris Johnson almost supporting
a Boris Johnson challenge to May as
Prime Minister look we've never had a
president like Donald Trump
we've never had insurgent political
insurgency that captured the presidency
he was elected to disrupt and that is
what he is doing the cost of that for
American leadership is the world for 30
years is dependent on some stability and
predictability in American policy and
when you have a disrupter and president
who believes he needs to disrupt the
status quo you lose that uncertainty
that's that degree of certainty and the
and that has consequences for both
allies and adversaries allies are unsure
of you and adversaries may think they
can take advantage of you all right so
he agreed to have this summit with Putin
after NATO which in itself a symbolic
victory for Putin
he's been the bull in the china shop at
NATO as some feared that could happen
that's happened all of this seems to be
at least rhetorically helpful to
Vladimir Putin why why shouldn't more
you bob menendez is out there going hey
you know sort of somewhat snarkily and
maybe somewhat seriously going boy he's
doing Vladimir Putin's bidding something
must be up
look I think if he had done the Putin
summit before the NATO summit a lot of
people would be criticizing him for that
you know this guy there's no wind with
him this guy can't win what he's what
he's doing but does he deserve to win on
this with the Putin stuff well I think
how he's hand I think actually this is
gonna work out if it is true that what
they've agreed to is a statement that
strengthens the deterrent posture of
NATO visa vie Russia I think that's
actually a pretty good platform for him
to have this conversation with Russia I
don't expect much to come out of this I
don't think Vladimir Putin is going to
give him much concessions on anything
but it will do one thing it's odd that
everyone is so worried about this since
European leaders talk to
Vladimir Putin all the time it's just an
American president somehow they can't
and it is not healthy and I'm no fan of
what Russia has been doing for the last
X years but it is not healthy for there
to be no relationships between the
United States and Russia and quite
frankly all those relationships at
various levels we build Africa well
they're all gone and some of those need
to be rebuilt
what is the unintended consequence if
President Trump says look we're not
going to push hard on Crimea we're gonna
pull back on the sanctions what does
that do what message would that send it
would be a terrible message I mean there
are a lot of terrible messages that are
being sent in Syria there's a message to
that if you are willing to make war on
your own people and kill enough of them
the what the international community
will let you stay in power
that's a terrible message that's
happening and it wasn't maybe codifying
that with Putin this weekend I hope not
okay and there's a terrible message if
we turn back on Crimea there was a
discussion in the press that there was
actually a wels resolution model after
something done in 1940 with respect to
the Baltic States saying we do not
recognize what Russians are acute in in
Crimea and we never will recognize it
that's where we need to be you're an
internationalist your conservative your
point of views waning inside this
Republican Party you think you could
convince President Trump he's wrong on
this stuff for now I think President
Trump believes he has a mandate from the
American people and it is to be the
disrupter and we have elected instructor
Inge in chief and that's what he's doing
so what you're saying is you don't think
you could convince her murder question
is what events will events teach him
something in terms of the responses to
his policies and again look at that
third year after the election having had
two years of disruption to reset the
table can he deliver in that third year
that's the question
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
