we're going back to when NATO was first
signed 1949 the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization signed to try to keep
global peace and security after World
War two 12 countries initially signed on
another seventeen joined in the
following decades most recently
Montenegro just last year there's a lot
in the NATO agreement right but the part
you probably know best is Article five
that's the part that says the parties
agree that an armed attack against one
or more of them shall be considered an
attack against them off in other words
if one NATO nation is attacked the other
nations are expected to help them
that's something the u.s. invoked dr.
9/11 to do all this NATO wants money
from allies the president often refers
to allies paying their fair share but
here's the thing he's really talking
about what NATO countries spend on their
own militaries back in 2006 NATO
countries agreed to spend 2 percent of
their GDP on their own defense and
military readiness and according to some
branding numbers out this week only 5 of
29 countries meet that goal the US
Greece Estonia the UK Latvia worth
noting by the way Poland Lithuania
Romania are basically within a few bucks
of hitting that mark so complaining
about defense spending among NATO allies
is nothing new presidents dating back to
John Kennedy have actually done this the
president Trump is unique in just how
tough he is with NATO calling it
obsolete at one point reversing that
assessment once he got elected and
remember Kevin when talking about NATO
the fruit of the u.s. is the first and
only country to revoked article 5 so
when you look at the numbers this is
something that I know bugged you you've
been tweeting about it a lot today based
on the president's comments because they
are misleading the way that he talks
about this yeah and everyone here is
really every one of the foreign
ministers and defense ministers here
I've said they want to get past this
this talk of the number and the 2
percent as you said 2 percent is a
pledge it's not law it's not a
requirement it's a pledge so - in good
faith spend that much of your GDP but
the German defense minute tip today said
look even if a country spent 2 percent
of their GDP on defense it could go
through none of it could even go to NATO
how much are these countries presidents
at NATO so the other ministers are
really stressing capabilities NATO
doesn't own jet fighters they if
something happens in the world and NATO
has called on to defend itself then they
have to decide who's gonna add what to
the plot
who
enemy tanks who's gonna bring people
who's ever been cybersecurity everything
and so the president is right to say the
other members are not living up to that
2% pledge and he's not the first yeah
but he's the loudest and the
secretary-general says it's making it's
making a little bit of a difference
thank you for checking out our YouTube
channel why don't you subscribe it's
really easy just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
