I I'm trying to think of what my father
would say at this point you and I I
think he would and Rhea Rhea covered
document no my parents quite you know my
father's strategic thinking I'm scared
to even try and put into words what his
analysis this would be there was you
know a lot of potential in this meeting
and a lot of opportunity actually my
brother Ian wrote a piece for the
Atlantic Council on what what positive
could have come out of this how do we
describe the negatives here it's really
hard to describe I was just thinking
while you were talking before you
mentioned it about big and about what
your father would be saying at this
point and especially looking forward to
the meeting with Vladimir Putin I'm
going to be covering that for you all in
Helsinki on Monday morning we'll all be
together again and it's all going to be
happening right during this these hours
where he's going to be having a
one-on-one meeting without no takers
without advisors but actually given the
the role that John Bolton and other
advisors have played I'm not sure that
they're being there would make any
difference because that role of national
security adviser which your father
occupied in the White House is so
critical and now we understand why why
HR McMaster was fired because he could
not have remained silent while this was
going on yeah look there is no one
around this president was willing to
speak up to him I mean yeah it's what's
so shocking I I really weren't worried
about about defense secretary mattis who
is in Brussels
no I didn't he must be just gagging I'm
looking at Angela Merkel's transcription
here the translation to the comments
that she made just moments ago I've
experienced myself a part of Germany
controlled by the Soviet Union I'm very
happy today that we are united in
freedom as the Federal Republic of
Germany and can thus say that we can
determine our own policies and make our
own decisions and that's very good you
know Joe let me ask you something
I am constantly and continually
bewildered by the behavior of the
President of the United States right we
just saw a group of children being
rescued from a cave in Thailand the
world was thrilled to see it and here in
America we are taking children from
their parents now no longer recognize
their mothers when when when put
together with them we have a country
where the president knighted States is
separating himself from the rest of the
world seemingly where are the voices
here where where are the people in
public life who stand up and ask the
question whose country is this is it
Donald Trump's or is it ours well the we
talked about history and how historians
will remember this moment it's it's hard
Mike every time something like this
happened it's hard to not turn to
members of Donald Trump's own party
again Trump a lifelong Democrat became a
Republican when he figured out that
racism birtherism 2011 would help him
win the nomination but where are they I
know that they had a vote in the Senate
fantastic but I'll tell you if I were
there I would be rounding up a group of
people we would go down to the White
House or we would give a a give to do
press conference as Republicans in front
of the Capitol defending NATO and
calling out the president for his
comments do you know how hard that is
that it's not hard at all and you know
what happens in your district I found it
it helps you in your district this is
what I don't understand about these
cowards
every time I spoke out against my own
leadership or against Democratic
leadership my poll numbers went up
because people want somebody who speaks
their mind they want somebody who's end
up
and they want somebody who's not scared
these people are cowards so now we were
at the point where they would rather
lose the country than lose their own
election they are more concerned about
what happens this fall then they are
with what's happening with what's
happening with an alliance again that
has made America the strongest the most
powerful the most free country on the
planet forget the fact that we have fed
and freed more people than any planet
any any country in the history of the
world let's just be selfish about this
we have a 19 trillion dollar economy the
post-war period has been defined as what
the American Century
not the Luxenberg century or the
brussels century are the French system
the cause of what we have done in
setting up this system this post-war
system historians called this the
American Century and you know what
despite our political problems still is
we still are the most powerful country
the world
militarily yeah by tenfold 20 fold we're
still the most powerful economy in the
world and by the way we were the day
Barack Obama left office we were the day
george w bush left office we were the
day Bill Clinton left office so why blow
this apart unless you were trying to
help Vladimir Putin to go do something
Mike just said Donald Trump is the most
vivid manifestation of the least
attractive characteristics in the
national character
we haven't been captured by Donald Trump
we have had our worst instincts affirmed
exacerbated and put in front of the
world
- I think to suggest that somehow
another he has hijacked the country
let's the rest of us off the hook
because right now the kind of courage
you're talking about is required not
simply of people who are in elective
office but all of us it's why
conversations like this matter Jefferson
said men should be participate towards
in politics not at elections only but
everyday and the only way to get through
this particular hour of crisis and I
think it is a crisis in the classic
sense that we will know at the end of it
whether the patient lives or dies right
which is the original meaning of the
word and it would the crisis is supposed
to be that important it's supposed to be
a life-or-death matter of health crisis
a health moment the country has fully
the capacity to do the wrong thing the
wondrous thing about the country is that
at least 51% of the time we have
actually let those better angels when we
have opened the arms we've dropped we
Berlin we've used the Berlin Airlift
right we have : Powell once said you
know we've gone around the world
projecting our power and the only thing
we've ever asked for is the ground in
which to bury our dead and Elizabeth
Donald Trump is succeeding in
undermining the international American
order because there is nobody in his own
party pushing back at him there's nobody
in his cabinet pushing back at him I saw
a video a couple of days ago of a woman
who put on a porto rico shirt and was
abused right followed around by a racist
strength while a cop just sat there and
did nothing that's what the republican
party has done it's it would be very
easy to intercede and step in and stop
this the republicans just choose to not
do so they did i'd saw bob Corker said
some things yesterday about nato and
they did pass the resolutions of
yesterday I believe affirming support
for NATO I also wanted to talk that
addressed Jon Meacham when he talked
about our better angels you know when we
talked about this is about the
separation of families but I would like
to note that because of
the courts who who said that the the
judge out in on the west coast who said
that the Trump administration can't hold
families for more than twenty days and
because of the pressure from the public
and the president's executive order what
we have now with it was our immigration
crisis is that families are are being
its we're back to catch a release under
outlaw under the Obama administration so
I think that the things work in the
country that there there is a system of
checks and balances however imperfect
because I think now with the families
are not being separated they're being
kept together for twenty days then
they're being given court dates and
being released into the country whether
you want that or not we were now back to
what was the Obama administration
considered a somewhat more humane policy
yeah so the bottom line here is I think
that in some ways things are working in
the country the way they're supposed to
well how do you have the officials and
shakes happening and thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
