I want to give a victory speech on the
evening of Election Day which is coming
up very quickly
a vote for Morrissey is a vote from me a
vote for Marsha is really a vote for me
and a vote for Cindy is a vote from me
and a vote for Steve is a vote for me
remember this a vote for David is a vote
from me and our agenda to make America
great again I'm not on the ballot but in
a certain way I'm on the ballot so
please go out and vote so you get the
feeling there that a vote for those
candidates are a vote for him president
Trump making it clear the midterm
elections are in his view a referendum
on his presidency which in truth is how
midterms kind of work we are just 22
days away his popularity numbers appear
to be moving slightly are any other
numbers on the move who can we ask about
that kind of thing how about our
national political correspondent Steve
Kornacki who's at the big board with us
tonight Steve Ryan yeah and getting some
mixed in confusing signals I think a
little bit when it comes to the state of
the midterms basically three weeks out
you mentioned the president's approval
rating here's Gallup with their latest
check in they have him at 44% now
remember all year we've been saying that
basically if Trump the closer he can be
to the mid-40s to 45 or ideally for
Republicans higher than that the better
chance Republicans are gonna have of
holding the house so here's Gallup with
his best number for them in a while 44%
not the only poll that's been showing an
uptick if you averaged together every
Trump approval rating poll out there
right now he's at 43 and a half percent
and yes that is a jump of about two and
a half points just in the last couple
weeks again that's significant low 40s
Democrats like their chances mid forties
Republicans start to like their chances
it can make a big difference
numbers they've been all over the place
right the Senate has looked like it's
trending to the Republicans the generic
ballot for the house has looked strong
for Democrats lately we now throw in the
variable of trumps approval rating one
possibility here we're getting a lot of
polls from different House races one
possibility is there's almost two
different tracks to
helping here and let me show you what I
mean two different types of
congressional district that are
competitive here here's one of them this
is what we talk about all the time the
suburbs
this is suburban Philadelphia Bucks
County a little bit of Montgomery County
Republican incumbent here Hillary
Clinton carried this district in 2016
and look this is opposed in the last
couple days the Democratic challenger up
by seven points it could be that the
Democratic energy it may be post
Cavanaugh maybe there's a burst for
Democrats here a boost for Democrats but
this is just what Democrats want to be
seeing right here but we say the numbers
are complicated take a look at the other
kind of district this is a Democratic
held district right now Minnesota's
eight this is the Iron Range Donald
Trump carried this district in 2016 it
went from Obama to trump Democrats hold
the seat in the house right now but look
at this Republicans running 15 points
ahead here this would be a Republican
gained so it's possible it's a
complicated house picture here maybe it
is that in the suburban areas Republican
seats districts that Clinton won in 16
Democrats may be doing even better now
than they were a week ago but maybe that
Trump based in rural parts of the
country could be shoring up too it
presents a more complicated and I think
at this point muddled picture Brian of
where the battle for the house stands it
Democrats have the advantage right now
but that Republican support could be
shoring up a little bit right now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
