I call them 2:13 angry Democrats you
have a tremendous animosity now here's
the good news I did nothing wrong
there was no collusion there was no
obstruction the IG report yesterday went
a long way to show that and I think that
the mauler investigation has been
totally just well you make the harder
from the start president Trump has
attacked the more investigation denied
he colluded with the Russians in a new
book one of the country's best-known
defense lawyers argues that even if
there was explicit evidence that
candidate Trump colluded with Russia
collusion is simply not a crime now
under switz famous for defending OJ
Simpson Mike Tyson and helping to
overturn the murder conviction of Klaus
von Bulow rights the framers of the
Constitution did not have provide did
not provide an impeachment remedy for an
incompetent nasty even tyrannical
president unless he committed a
designated crime of course not everybody
agrees with that assessment from where
I'm throwing my Alan Dershowitz his book
is called the case against impeaching
Trump and Paul Brothers a professor at
Georgetown Law and an MSNBC analyst Alan
thank you for so much professor I guess
here's my question because we've been
talking about this for months and we'll
continue to do so regardless of what you
say today if the Soviet Union well
Russia now synchro basically conspired
to disrupt and discredit our Republican
form of government our election process
with the Americans conspired to aid or
reward that effort would that be a crime
on the American side well it really
depends on what they did in my book I
give the following hypothetical let's
assume that candidate Trump this didn't
happen but I'm a law professor I'm
entitled to have a hypothetical I taught
your distinguished guests and the
hypothetical is that president candidate
Trump calls Vladimir Putin and says Vlad
do I have a deal for you I know you
don't like the sanctions and you know I
want to be President and if you could
help me become president by giving me
dirt that you already have accumulated
on Hillary Clinton you know that if I'm
president you'll have a better chance of
getting the sanctions removed that would
be a horrible horrible thing but it
would not be a crime and
the federal criminal statutes nowhere to
be a ground for impeachment I know I
state this view fairly categorically a
lot of academics say you don't need a
crime to be impeached obviously
President Ford when he was the Minority
Leader said whatever the house says
whatever the Senate says congresswoman
water says the same thing my analysis
shows that that's not right the frame is
rejected the British approach of
malfunction in office and require that
there be a crime as a prerequisite
before anybody can be impeach once
there's a crime you can then take
political considerations and decide
whether to impeach them or not but you
have to have a crime as important would
it be a crime for American or a group of
Americans to undertake to aid in advance
further if you will a Russian conspiracy
to interrupt and discredit our election
process would that be a crime of course
so professor there's too much it's an
honor to be on this program with you you
taught me criminal law you're one of the
people who inspired me to go into a
career first as a prosecutor and then as
someone who tries to speak up for the
little guys the people were at the
bottom of our criminal legal process
which I know you've tried to do as well
and so I find it kind of ironic now to
see your spirited defense of President
Trump it's almost as though he's above
the law that the same rules don't apply
to him as apply to everybody else and so
when we look at actual crimes that would
justify impeachment we could think about
conspiracy to defraud the United States
we couldn't say that if someone was
stealing emails if that was part of the
plan too that the Trump campaign and the
Russians would work together agree
that's clearly a crime if they're taking
money or other kinds of material aid
from the Russians but not reporting all
of that more than satisfies the heart
disagree with that you were a great
student and I'm so proud of what you do
but we're not talking about taking money
or giving Alan its oppo that's separate
that has a value in any camp query so
it's money no of course but let's
remember this that when the New York
Times published a Pentagon Papers and
they publish
Manning and they published the other
that was all stolen material but there
is a right to use material given to you
that's been stolen in the interest of
the First Amendment that's true of an
election campaign - no matter where you
get the information from you can use it
there look at the times didn't read the
times didn't reward the Russians with
promising to drop the sanctions as you
laid out in your proposition so that's a
different case no it's not because what
I see every politician
says if you vote for me I'll be helpful
on the right to Cheerios I'll be helpful
on passing the ER a I'll be helpful
that's the way politics operates look
you say that I'm defending from I'm not
defending Trump I didn't vote for him I
didn't support him I'm against almost
all of his policies if Hillary Clinton
had been elected president and they were
trying to impeach her what they would be
I'd have written the same book in fact I
actually had the cover made up just to
say to make my point I would have
written a book called the case against
impeaching Hillary Clinton it would be
exactly the same book and everybody
would love me okay defending Hillary
Clinton but my arguments helped Donald
Trump's of them suddenly I did a job in
here I don't want to take up your time
and a half of this but if Hillary
Clinton had won the election and Trump
was just a private citizen back to
making money in New York right and he
had done all these things of collusion
or furthering a Russian conspiracy
however you want to phrase it would that
be a crime not as principal justice of
course you know first of all President
Trump is a bizarre poster boy for the
idea of fidelity to the rule of law or
non-political prosecutions
he campaign based on the idea of locking
her up right he thinks that James Comey
should go to jail he directs the
Department of Justice to investigate
Obama for allegedly bugging his office
and so this isn't a person who knows
about faithfulness to the rule of law
this is a person who opposes his office
every chance that he gets and then he
lies about it so we can think about that
memo he dictated on Air Force One and
what she lied about the real purposes of
a meeting with the Russians
so what impeachment about what what
impeachment is about ultimately as
security of our democracy do we have
faith that the people who we elect to
lead us are in fact not looking out for
their own personal gang not trying to
keep their own butts out of jail and
that's the problem with the analogy to
the Pentagon Papers the Pentagon Papers
were released to let the United States
know that our country was involved in a
war that we knew we were going to lose
and thousands and thousands of lives
were being lost the hacking of the
democratic emails was about getting
Donald Trump elected president look if
he if Donald Trump told the Russians to
hack emails that's clearly a crime and
it's also an impeachable offense I don't
represent people who I agree with I
started in college defending the rights
of Communists I defended the rights of
Nazis to march in Skokie I didn't agree
with OJ Simpson I didn't agree with many
other people I've always represented
people I've disagreed with and why
should I ask you a procedural questions
we don't know what may be you do a
professor but I don't know whether Paul
does either but I don't think so I don't
think anybody knows what's in that
iceberg I caught of information that
that mower has dug up do you you but
you're saying you're against impeach
before you know what see no no no no I'm
saying I'm against impeachment unless
there is evidence of a crime if there's
evidence of a crime then I'd be in favor
of impeachment
that's a conceptual analysis arguing if
the framers of the Constitution and my
colleagues Larry tribe and Cass Sunstein
others disagree with this analysis I
want to have a debate I want to have a
discussion I'm one of the first
academics who argued that you need an
actual crime for impeachment and I
challenge people how do we know whether
there's an actual problem let's find out
finally that's Rico there were 20
indictments so far coming out of the
special counsel 20 indictments could you
imagine more coming out with a RICO
charge of operating a criminal operation
I'm sore laughs allot of indictments so
no one thinks they've ended at 20 I'm
not it's not a one crowd and you don't
think this president has been somehow
accountable for all that bad Stein not
laughing at that I'm laughing at the
fact that every sub
libertarian in the country opposes Rico
opposes using extensive obstruction of
justice laws it opposes the way Muller
arrests and indict s-- low-hanging fruit
and then as judge Ellis said squeezes
them to make them not only sing but
perhaps compose as a civil libertarian
as a defense attorney
I've been opposed to these tactics and
practices for fifty years why should I
change my policy just because I don't
like and didn't vote for the man who is
now the subject of them I'm gonna
maintain the same position I maintained
for fifty years and I would have
maintained if Hillary Clinton were
elected president and I did maintain
when Bill Clinton was impeached I was
taking exactly the same again I support
everything you're saying about abuse of
state power about selective enforcement
dude go down to the Boston County Jail
a lot of black and Latino men who could
use your advocacy way more than I have
devoted 50 percent of my time to pro
bono work on behalf of poor people on
behalf of people on death row and I'm
gonna continue to do that but I don't
discriminate because you can take away
the constitutional rights of a president
you can take away the constitutional
rights of anybody thank you Professor
Alan Dershowitz and Paul Butler and by
the way I'm reminded of the great line
in reversal of fortune your film now in
by Jeremy Irons when he said it's Klaus
von Bulow you have no idea
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
