well tonight as predicted by many
observers and as announced by NBC News
at least a full 10 minutes before the
president announced it president Trump
nominated for the United States Supreme
Court a federal appeals court judge
judge Brett Kavanaugh who has written in
detail that he believes that presidents
of the United States should not be
subject to criminal prosecutions and
investigations judge Kavanaugh was a
staff lawyer in the office of a special
prosecutor Kenneth Starr whose
investigation of President Clinton led
to the impeachment of President Bill
Clinton and house representatives in the
acquittal of President Clinton in an
impeachment trial in the United States
Senate in a Law Review article in 2009
judge Cavanaugh suggested that it is
currently possible for a sitting
president to be indicted and that
Congress should take action to prevent
presidents from being subjected to civil
lawsuits or criminal prosecutions during
their time as president Judge Cavanaugh
said that after working in george w
bush's white house he changed his mind
about the legal liabilities that a
president should face in the minnesota
law review he wrote it would be
appropriate for congress to enact a
statute providing that any personal
civil suits against presidents like
certain members of the military be
deferred while the president is in
office Congress should consider doing
the same moreover with respect to
criminal investigations and prosecutions
of the president in particular Congress
might consider a law exempting a
president while in office from criminal
prosecution and investigation including
from questioning by criminal prosecutors
or defense counsel and here is the
passage in that Law Review article that
indicates the judge Cavan are currently
believes that a sitting president can be
indicted and can be put on trial while
present judge Cavanaugh wrote quote the
indictment and trial of a sitting
president moreover would cripple the
federal government rendering it unable
to function with credibility in either
the international or domestic arena
such outcome would ill serve the public
interest especially in times of
financial or national security crisis
now judge Kavanagh
did not write that the indictment and
trial of a sitting president is
prohibited by the Constitution judge
Cavanaugh's article seems to presume as
a constitutional matter that the
president can be indicted and can be put
on trial in a criminal court unless
Congress specifically passes a bill that
prevents that journey our discussion now
is Cecile Richards the former president
of Planned Parenthood and the author of
make trouble standing up speaking out
and finding the courage to lead my life
story also joining us Ron Klain a former
senior aide to President Obama former
chief counsel to the Senate Judiciary
Committee and near a tendon is with us
she's the president of the Center for
American Progress and near a year at
been at the Supreme Court tonight where
there has been a public protest reaction
there to this nominee what is happening
there now
Lawrence I've been here since 9:00 since
really the announcement and we have a
growing crowd I think it's now over a
thousand people who are deeply concerned
about Brett Kavanaugh and what he will
do for Americans rights and this this
crowd has been growing steadily and
getting more and more energized and
speaking out about this nomination that
really is a threat to all of our rights
and Cecile Richards everyone has been
concerned for what any Trump nominee
would mean to Roe vs. Wade and NBC News
is reporting that last fall Judge
Cavanaugh wrote a decision siding with
the Trump administration lawyers to
block a migrant teenager in Texas from
being released from custody to receive
an abortion the full appeals court
intervened to overturn his ruling yes
and Cavanaugh then responded by
criticizing his colleagues on the court
for creating what he called a new right
for unlawful immigrant minors in US
government detention to obtain abortion
on demand I mean it was incredible case
and she was of course just trying to
exercise her legal right
in fact if he'd been successful he would
have been able to he would have pushed
her actually into her second trimester I
think that this this nomination is
causing concern obviously for women all
across this country Roe vs. Wade has
been the law of the land for more than
40 years but we know it's been hanging
with a one vote difference of the court
and I think that women who are already
wildly concerned about this president
and everything he's done are gonna be
deeply concerned about this nomination
and I think what you're seeing outside
of the Supreme Court tonight it's just
one indication Ron Klain I want to get
your reaction to this passage in his
2009 writing where he says he talks
about what the indictment and trial of a
sitting president would mean so this
means that the judge Kavanagh would be
if he finds that it is if he if he is
finds himself in a position where he can
rule as a Supreme Court justice that it
is unconstitutional to indict a sitting
president he would be in conflict with
Judge Cavanaugh well he would but I mean
clearly this article which largely says
that the president they should Congress
should find some way to exempt the
president from any kind of even being
questioned clearly was eye candy for
Donald Trump and it said that he would
be Sympatico to his position kind of
passes the rudy giuliani test of Supreme
Court justices and yes I agree if he
flips all the way over and says Trump in
fact legally is protected that would be
a change in position but I think that's
why question number one in front of this
energy sure committee should be what
were you asked about this article what
did you say what assurances did you
offer what kinds of things did the White
House want to know he is the only
potential nominee on Trump's list who
explicitly wrote the president should
have protection from investigations that
definitely had to raise questions in the
process we need to know what he said
about what that means he's also the only
one who specifically wrote that only
Congress can provide those protections
the Supreme Court cannot yeah so look I
think that clearly what this means for
Donald Trump is one question what it
means we have the 300 million of us is
another question Kavanagh would reverse
Roe versus Wade he dissented from the
case that upheld the afford
Care Act of the right of employees to
get birth control under the Affordable
Care Act he would give women's rights
over to their employers to decide
whether or not they should get birth
control he is a very very conservative
judge that's why he was picked I think
that's the issue that will be front and
center in front of the Judiciary
Committee as well your attendant he when
he was confirmed he got four Democratic
votes only one of those senators is
still in the Senate that's Senator
Carper you are hearing from Democratic
senators there tonight does it sound
like there will be any Democratic
support for this nominee look from the
Democratic senators who are here tonight
we're hearing is about a protection of
Americans rights and I think just we
should be clear about this that this is
a nominee who threatens Roe a nominee
who threatens the health care of
millions of people and a nominee who has
spoken about the protections of
president should have from investigation
it's unclear where he would land up on
that but he has spoken more clearly
about the need for a president not to be
indicted than any other nominee and I
think Americans should be suspicious
that the senator is here tonight are
willing to stand up and fight for the
issues we all care about the progressive
values we care about but we have to
remember that there are a number of
Republicans who have claimed to be
pro-choice nominees Brett Kavanaugh has
gone out of his way to oppose Roe two
dissent again to argue the defense side
in Roe and so I think we can't have
Kabuki theater about this people have to
stake he has to state whether Roe should
be the law of the land and only then can
we really determine you know his actual
views which is one of the senators who
can stop this nomination Republican Lisa
Murkowski of Alaska has released a
written statement about this nominee and
she says I intend to carefully consider
the American Bar Association's rating on
this nominee the information obtained
through personal meetings my own review
of Judge Cavanaugh's qualifications and
record and the view of alas
in determining whether or not to support
him is the best strategy to for
opponents of nomination to literally go
to Alaska and try to stimulate Alaskan
opposition oh I think there will be I
mean senator Murkowski will be hearing
from a lot of people in Alaska a lot of
women but I think look I'm really glad
that Senator Murkowski senator Collins
he didn't go to the White House tonight
they're obviously they were invited they
were invited it was an audience of
senators among others and among the
Republican senators who did not attend
where Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins
the only two pro-choice Republican and I
think it's really important that of
course confirming the next Supreme Court
justice has implications not only for
the women of Alaska but for the women
all across this country I think the
important thing too about judge Kavanagh
is it's a it's not only what his
position is on roe I mean he has taken
an active position in believing that
bosses should be able to determine
whether or not their employees have
birth control we know there's a big ACA
case which is basically protecting now
the rights of women not only to get
family planning
protecting pre-focus with pre-existing
conditions protecting women from not
having to pay more for health insurance
and men there every single access to
health care and economic issues for
women are on the line here in this
nomination and I certainly hope Senator
Murkowski senator Collins and others
force him to say what is his position on
Roe vs. Wade and our women's equal
access to health care Ron Klain no one's
been through the confirmation process
more than you have and the Senate
Judiciary Committee as counsel in the
Clinton administration in the Obama
administration you have coached nominees
through the process successfully
strategically what can be done - for the
Democrats to stop this nomination
well first they have to make sure the
Judiciary Committee does its job and
that starts with a thorough record of
Brett Kavanaugh through a review of
Brett Calvados record that includes his
years in the White House and I think
this is gonna be real flashpoint in this
nomination Lawrence when Brett Kavanaugh
was nominated for the appellate court
and approved the judiciary can me did
not look at the literally hundreds of
memos he wrote as a senior aide to
President Bush and I think it's very
important for the committee for this
life point
appointment to make these important
decisions to see linear has been talking
about for them to see the full record
here
what kind of memos did you write to
President Bush what positions money
you've taken on legal issues in those
memos what do the folks who made this
pick know that we don't know that's the
point the federal society put him on
this list picked him they know what's in
those records they know what he did as a
bush aide we don't the public and the
Judiciary Committee should have the same
right to that information your attendant
the opponents of this nomination who've
gathered at the Supreme Court tonight
are is their focus on Republican
senators tonight like Susan Collins or
Lisa Murkowski or are they also focused
on some Democratic senators who might be
considering supporting the nomination I
think they're focused on a majority in
the Senate which obviously means we need
Democrats to oppose this nomination but
we can't do this with Democrats alone
and I would just say for senator Collins
and Senator Murkowski they could be in
office when a Brett Kavanaugh when a
Justice Brett Kavanaugh decides with the
majority to overturn Roe or to gut the
Affordable Care Act so this is a
decision that they make with the weight
of millions of Americans on their
shoulder and I think it's the people on
the streets here are the people at this
rally are focused on making their voices
heard that it's really important for all
of us to call our senators they are this
is advise and consent in the Senate to
call our senators and let them know that
this nomination is not something that we
agree with as Americans that our rights
should not be up to Donald Trump and a
trump court Cecile Richards if justice
judge Kavanagh is confirmed and if he
votes with the majority to overturn Roe
vs. Wade it would be overturned by five
men without a single woman's vote
absolutely and and look you know there
are more than a dozen cases that are
just one decision away from going to the
Supreme Court so this is a very real
real possibility this isn't we're not
playing around and I think one of the
things to look at is not only who were
seeing in opposition to this nomination
but
I noticed before I came on tonight
Lawrence that every major national
anti-choice organization is popping the
champagne tonight saying this is a huge
victory finally to get a you know
anti-choice majority on the Supreme
Court so I think it is gonna be
incredibly important in these hearings
to push this judge about where he feels
where he stands on a on a case that that
was decided 45 years ago Roe versus Wade
Ron where do you expect most of the
emphasis to be in in the confirmation
hearing there there's obviously two big
areas one is Roe versus Wade the other
is the possible avenues of challenge of
the president United States both through
special prosecutors ability to subpoena
a president the ability possibly to
indict and try a president I think
that's right Lawrence I think those are
two big ones
I'd add two more one is the Affordable
Care Act and it's survival at the
Supreme Court and what judge Kavanagh
said about that and the final is judge
cabin is very conservative views on
economic regulation and environmental
regulation you're gonna have senator
Warren on soon she helped create the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
judge Cavanaugh said it was
unconstitutional and what if she wiped
it off the books he's voted with big
business on every kind of environmental
rule so I think these environmental and
economic issues are a fourth element of
his confirmation that I expect Democrats
to have some very hard questions about I
just taking notes from Ron playing on my
questions for the for Senator Warren who
will be joining us a moment Cecile
Richards near attendant on claim thank
you for starting off our discussion
tonight thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
