that is a shot of the protest that has
occurred on the steps of the United
States Supreme Court tonight after the
president has announced that his nominee
for the United States Supreme Court is
Circuit Federal Circuit Court of Appeals
judge Brett Kavanaugh joining us now
senator Elizabeth Warren Democrat from
Massachusetts senator Warren thank you
very much for joining us tonight I
really appreciate it I'm sure you heard
in our in Brett Kavanaugh as acceptance
of this nomination from the president
tonight he mentioned his time teaching
at Harvard Law School you've also been
on the faculty of Harvard Law School and
I'm wondering if you overlapped with
Judge Cavanaugh if you if you met him at
Harvard Law School or known in any way
from the from Harvard Law School I I
don't know him from personally from
Harvard what I know him from or his
opinions that he's written and I know
him from the fact that he appears on the
list that the Federalist Society put
together of people who will overturn Roe
vs. Wade no that's how we know Brett
Kavanaugh that's the principal way and I
just won't go to something right away
that Ron Klain mentioned in our last
segment and that is judge Kavanagh his
view of the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau what what do you think
it would mean to the future of the
bureau if he becomes a Supreme Court
justice well look he's already said he
thinks it's unconstitutional because it
has a single director rather than
multiple directors which it's not the
only agency that has a single director
in fact the Environmental Protection
Agency is another one that has a single
director and we have it office of the
controller of the currency you know
throughout government here's here's what
troubles me about it though so I look at
it this way
Donald Trump had a list of people that
had been pre-screened
by the Federalist Society and so he knew
that everyone on that list was committed
to overturn Roe versus Wade because
that's the standard that is he knows
that everyone on that list is committed
to overturning health care rights for
tens of millions of Americans so the
question then becomes how do you pick
under those circumstances and Donald
Trump picks the nominee picks the person
who says you know it would be a total
disaster for the United States of
America
if it turned out that the President of
the United States got indicted now the
reason this is so important is look at
what he did with a consumer agency look
at what he did with the Environmental
Protection Agency
he didn't limit himself to just saying
hey listen let's stick with what's
constitutional strict reading the
Constitution I'm going to defer to let
Congress decide what it wants to do
carry out the rules instead he thought
it was better to substitute his own
judgment and he wants to put his own
judgment forward for these agencies how
he thinks things would work better he's
a political animal he has been for a big
part of the formative years of his
career and so he thinks of this I think
as wow we need to make sure that the
United States of America stays safe by
protecting the president from what from
investigation from indictment from
prosecution that's what troubles me
about the whole picture here Donald
Trump has got the trifecta he's got
someone who will be committed to
overturn Roe versus Wade someone who
will be committed to rolling back health
care for millions of Americans and
someone who it looks pretty likely will
help Donald Trump if he gets in to
serious criminal trouble senator does it
give you any comfort that in judge
Calvin I was writing in 2009 when he was
saying that in dining and prosecuting a
president would be bad for the country
that he kept saying repeatedly
throughout the article that only you in
Congress can prevent that that only
Congress can pass a bill to basically
defer any prosecutions of the president
until after the president leaves office
you know the part that worries me most
as he keeps talking about what a
disaster it would be for the country and
ultimately the Supreme Court is going to
have to make law in areas where we don't
have precedent and in other opinions
judge Kavanagh has already made clear
he's willing to put his own judgement in
and to put his judgement on the line and
if he thinks that it would be a disaster
for Donald Trump to be indicted he looks
like somebody who could very much be on
Trump's side and what so worrisome about
all of this is he very well could be the
deciding vote and whether or not a
criminal prosecution against the
president goes forward look I get it
we're looking ahead but this is a
president right now who hears the
hoofbeats of an investigation that is
bearing down on him the Muller
investigation has been going forward it
has already produced multiple
indictments multiple guilty pleas and
all of the threads keep tying back to
Donald Trump himself and that's a real
problem and Donald Trump is nothing if
not a man who protects first and
foremost Donald Trump would you suggest
to Democrats or opponents of the
nomination that the the place to go to
work is in Maine and Alaska to try to
get the votes of your Republican
colleagues they're the only two
Republican senators who are pro-choice
look the way I see this is nobody makes
it to the Supreme Court without a
majority in the United States Senate and
I think people all across this country
need to raise their voices always keep
in mind on this we didn't have the votes
to protect the Affordable Care Act we
didn't have them I remember the day
after Donald Trump was sworn in thinking
about the fact that now the Republicans
control the house control the Senate
control the White House they could roll
back obamacare next week and I really
feared they would do it but people
across this country
raised their voices and it got bigger
and it got louder and bigger and louder
and it was Democrats it was Republicans
it was independence people made their
voices heard and ultimately when they
did that we got enough Republicans to
cross the aisle and to save health care
for tens of millions of Americans you
know that is the remarkable part about a
democracy we raise our voices we can all
still be hell heard in Washington and
for me that's what this is about right
now raising our voices all of us we need
to speak up like we've never spoken up
before this is the time I'm sure there
will be questions in the Judiciary
Committee especially from Democrats
about the rights of children who are
being held at the southern border some
of whom you were able to visit when you
went down there
judge Kavanagh has already ruled in in
that arena last fall NBC News reports
that Judge Kevin I wrote a decision
siding with the Trump administration
lawyers to block a migrant teenager in
Texas from being released from custody
to receive an abortion he tried to
prevent that he was overruled by his own
colleagues on the circuit court of
appeals and then he complained that his
calling is worth creating a right to
what he called abortion on demand for
girls in that situation yeah you know I
was just down there
two weeks ago yesterday down on the
border and what I saw was deeply
shocking I talked I met directly with
women whose children had been taken away
from them women who had been lied to
when their children were taken away
women who had absolutely no idea where
their children were and women who with
one exception
had had no phone calls no contact
whatsoever with children that had been
taken away by the United States
government I then met with the head of
the ice facility where these women were
being held
I'd look there's just nothing else to
call it's a detention facility it had
been renamed by the Trump administration
a family reunification center and the
person in charge said hey we don't have
anything here to care for children to
deal with children we have no children
here no capacity to take them in and no
plans to reunify these mothers with
their children and we've been pushing
now for two solid weeks the Trump
administration cannot come up with a
plan to put children and their parents
back together in fact what we keep
finding out is there are even more
children who've been separated from
their parents than we initially
understood and someone like judge
Cavanaugh who is so worried that we may
somehow create rights in the people who
has whose lives are being torn apart by
the United States government this is
someone who is leaning in exactly the
wrong direction and you know there's a
perfect example lawrence of an area the
Supreme Court may end up having to make
new law in this area when that's the
case I want to know something about this
judge I want to know something about
this judges values and what he's
revealed so far it's not something that
reflects America's values he seems not
to have any concern for what it means to
be a 16 year old stranded in this
country what it means to be a woman who
comes here who is fleeing violence and
asking for asylum what it means to be a
refugee that that is not something
evidently that Judge Kavanagh cares
about and I think that's going to be a
real problem for him during this
nomination hearing and Souter as you
know there are two federal courts in
California that have cases that could
end up in the Supreme Court the Flores
case the judge ruled today against the
Trump administration's an attempt to be
able to hold children for more than 20
days which the Flores case is always for
Bay
and the judge in that case called the
Trump administration's reasoning
tortured the judge in San Diego a
federal court has discovered that only
and only because of this litigation has
discovered that the Trump administration
claims to have a hundred and two
children under the age of five and it
and that judge gave them a two-week
order to get those children reunited and
they've managed in two weeks to reunite
exactly two of them that's right in fact
think about what the Trump
administration's defense in court was it
effectively was the Trump administration
is so incompetent and failed to keep
good enough records when families were
torn apart that they can't figure out
how to bring them back together that's
what they went into court in effect to
argue the Trump administration has to be
held accountable for what they have done
to human beings on the border in the
name of the United States of America
senator your experience dealing with
Senator Collins and Senator Murkowski
what do you think are the most effective
lines of persuasion possibly on this
nomination well I look they they will
make their own decisions but both of
them have been quite public about their
pro-choice views they understand a
woman's constitutional right to make a
decision about her own body they have
been very strong in saying they did not
want to criminalize abortion and did not
want to punish women but they also care
deeply about health care
remember they voted to help preserve
health care coverage for tens of
millions of Americans and we know health
care is going to be on the line with
this Supreme Court pick
and Judge Cavanaugh has already made
clear that he's not a supporter of the
health care bill and the rights of
Americans to retain their health care
protection so I think those are two
issues that are going to be powerfully
important to senator Collins to Senator
Murkowski but I'm just going to be blunt
I think they should be important to
every senator I don't think there should
be about just the focus on two I think
every single senator has a
responsibility as they prepare to vote
on this nomination to look at the
question of what it will mean for a
woman's constitutional right to choose
what it will mean for health care for
tens of millions of Americans what it
will mean for having a justice who has
already indicated that he's concerned
about whether or not a sitting president
has indictments out of standing against
him whether or not we're going to be
able to protect environmental laws the
list is a long list but right there at
the top of it is going to be a real
decider for a whole lot of people in the
United States Senate senator Elizabeth
Warren thank you very much for joining
us on this important night we really
appreciate it thank you thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
