with 22 days until the midterm elections
Democrats are preparing to investigate
Donald Trump and his administration
should they flip the house Democrats on
committees ranging from intelligence to
judiciary to oversight are prioritizing
where to begin scrutinizing the
president's conduct in August
Axios obtained a spreadsheet circulating
among Republicans that previewed a
number of investigations they feared
Democrats could launch if Democrats take
control of the house scandals that
Republicans have refused to investigate
to name a few the list includes
president Trump's tax returns the Trump
family businesses Trump's dealings with
Russia the payment to stormy Daniels
James James Comey is firing the travel
ban family separation policies hurricane
response in Puerto Rico election
security and hacking and White House
security clearances in a Washington Post
post op IDI top Democrat on the House
Intelligence Committee Adam Schiff
writes that this republican-controlled
Congress has surrendered its oversight
responsibilities the Republican Congress
has not only failed to assert itself and
review or investigate the conduct of the
executive worse it's also been complicit
in some of the president's most
egregious attacks on our democratic
institutions it's clear that we need a
new majority that's willing to hold this
administration accountable so what
exactly will Democrats do if they win in
November joining us now is congressman
Adam Schiff ranking member of the House
Intelligence Committee congressman good
to see you in person we normally see you
remotely yes with you the Republicans
circulated this list ostensibly to
scared themselves into saying don't even
think about losing the midterm elections
because this is what's going to happen
if Republic rats come in how accurate is
that list of things that the Democrats
are going to want to do and how will
Democrats prioritize those things well
you know it's only accurate the sense
that these are some of the issues that
the Republican Congress has been
completely unwilling to look into if you
look at the committee with the most
broad oversight responsibility
Government Reform and oversight that
committee chaired by trey Gowdy the guy
that brought us the endless Benghazi
investigations only recently did the
issue even a single subpoena with one
foot out the door basically during the
entire Trump administration they only
found it
worthy of one subpoena right so it's
been a complete abdication but what that
list doesn't convey is we are gonna have
to ruthlessly prioritize because there
is so much that has gone wrong and so
much worthy of a close examination our
first priority is going to be putting
forward a positive agenda but where we
do oversight we're gonna have to really
prioritize the most important matters
first you know we keep on going out to
Americans many of whom are not as
concerned about Russia but they are
concerned about the fact that we've got
under 4% unemployment and yet
middle-class wages have not increased
they're very worried about health care
and and their if they're if they're
casting their ballot in November for
many Americans it's going to be can you
improve those situations for me that is
exactly right and this is I think both
why on the one hand our top priority has
to be answering those tough economic
questions putting forward a positive
agenda for the half of the country that
is yes they're working but they're not
earning enough to get by right or put
anything away for retirement we're in a
an economy which I think because of
globalization and automation is going to
be as disruptive as the Industrial
Revolution and we have to be offering
solutions to people that allow them to
keep their healthcare that allowed them
to put away money for their retirement
but also we need to do the oversight
about why this isn't happening why this
tax giveaway and we just saw the deficit
balloon today as a result why this isn't
gonna help hearing Zahn that either no
hearings on that oh yeah of course not
no hearings on that no hearings on
health care one of the things that you
know for example Isaac Cummings who will
be the chair if we're successful in the
midterms of the Government Oversight
Committee what's the look into the cost
of prescription drugs and what can we do
to help people meet those key medical
costs these I think are going to be
enormously important priorities because
if we want to win back some of those
voters that voted for Donald Trump
because they've given up all hope that
the more conventional politicians were
going to doing anything about it well he
hasn't done anything to improve their
lot but we have to be offering solutions
that will one of the interesting things
he said to lesley stahl in that 60
minutes interview was about the muller
investigation she asked him to make a
pledge to not get rid of Muller let's
listen to that
will you pledge pledge that you will not
shut down the Muller investigation I
don't pledge anything but I won't I have
no intention of doing that I think it's
a very unfair investigation because
there was no collusion of any kind
I don't want to pledge why should I
pledge to you if I pledge shall pledge
I'll have the place but I have no
intention of doing what do you read out
of that well first of all even if did
pledge one thing we've learned president
Trump you can't rely on his word anyway
but he clearly wants to give himself the
operating room the maneuvering room
where he could get rid of Muller it
could get rid of Rod Rosenstein or it
can push Jeff Sessions out the door he
was similarly cagey about Jeff Sessions
future the president may conclude along
with his legal advisors that rather than
facing the blowback that would be
occasioned by getting rid of Bob Muller
he will get rid of Jeff Sessions and
replace him with some Lackey some Roy
Cohn somebody who will simply do his
bidding and privately kneecap Bob Muller
rather than overtly fire him it's long
past time I think for the Congress to do
something about this to protect the
integrity of the investigation it is no
longer tenable for the Mitch McConnell's
of the world to say well we can't
imagine that the president would
actually interfere he interferes on a
daily basis like trying to get documents
in the Justice Department for his legal
team that he has no right to see as
someone who may be implicated in that
investigation you have you have written
that it is Congress has got to say
you've written in your op-ed we must do
what the supine Republican Congress has
failed to do over the past two years
restore Congress as an equal branch and
check the ambition of an imperial and
erratic president if the Democrats take
the house you may be the chair of the
Intel committee a committee that didn't
do what it was supposed to do in the
Russia investigation in the
investigation into Russian involvement
into the election there are a lot of
Americans who are hoping that at least
that committee will get something done
and we will and I think among the most
important business that hasn't been done
at all investigation that hasn't been
done at all
is the issue of were the Russians
laundering money through the Trump
Organization is that leverage that the
Russians may have over the President of
the United States
I think it's negligent not to answer
that question and be able to tell the
American people yes it's true or know
what isn't but if that is the
explanation for that otherwise
inexplicable conduct in Helsinki in
which he sides with Putin over his own
intelligence agencies we need to know
about it to protect the country and so I
would hope in the Intel committee we can
restore credibility with the
intelligence agencies for our committee
I would hope we can restore comedy
within the committee but I would also
hope that we do a credible and
nonpartisan investigation of those
things that could be a threat to the
country congressman good to see you
thank you for being here good to see you
- when Adam Schiff is the ranking member
of the house permanent Select Committee
on Intelligence thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
