after months of implementing defending
and then ending the policy of forcibly
separating families at the southern
border the Trump administration is now
facing a deadline tomorrow to reunite
all children five years old and under
with their parents but here's the
question how many are there and what is
the administration's plan the Department
of Health and Human Services after weeks
of criticism completely stopped
providing numbers on the number of
children separated from their parents
instead lumping them all together with
the 11800 minors in its custody a large
majority of whom are teenagers that
enter the country unaccompanied but it
is now saying that just under 3000 of
those children may have been forcibly
removed from their parents that is
several hundred more than HHS previously
reported of those kids about 100 of them
are five years old and under the
administration says it will only be able
to reunite about half of those kids by
tomorrow HHS says it is working overtime
to complete reunions caused by the
president's zero-tolerance policy even
using DNA testing to help determine
parent-child relationships but at least
38 kids will have a particularly hard
time the government says the parents of
19 of those kids have already been
deported and 19 others were released and
their whereabouts are unknown while the
government says it won't be able to
reunite those toddlers and infants by
tomorrow July 10th is when they said it
had to be done it also says that to the
extent they're going to extend the
deadline to reunite all other children
separated from their parents currently
set for July 26th which is just over two
weeks from now Ali Velshi I have to ask
the question again Ivanka Trump where
are you on this Ivanka Trump has said
she is an advocate for the Advancement
of women and girls she is a mom I'm
looking at her Instagram today and there
she is in upstate New York looking at
the impact of the tax cuts on an asphalt
factory please
Ivanka Trump you have an ability that we
don't help these children
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our you
Tube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
