British Prime Minister Theresa May just
in the last couple of minutes talking of
course about brexit that Parliament
session is still going on as Teresa made
deals with a huge shake-up inside her
cabinet we're talking about British
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson
resigning he is now the third high-level
official in the UK to just walk out in
the last 24 hours
I want to go straight to kelly cobiella
who's in london for us watching the
latest kelly this is significant and
this has caught a lot of people
off-guard here well it is significant
Hallie because Boris Johnson is really
the face of the leave campaign the
brexit ear is a known strong supporter
of leaving the European Union he has
clashed with the Prime Minister several
times publicly on this issue trying to
push for a tougher deal in exiting the
European Union a so called hard brexit
or clean break and today he simply
didn't show up for a meeting that he was
meant to host a meeting on on the
Balkans and people started tweeting
asking what was going on and just in the
past hour the Prime Minister's office
releasing a statement confirming that
the Prime Minister had accepted his
resignation as foreign secretary the
second cabinet minister to resign within
the past less than 24 hours really David
Davis the man in charge of negotiating a
deal with the European Union submitted
his resignation overnight and it's all
over this strategy that Theresa May has
come up with to exit the European Union
they oppose it they're stepping down
because of it and the danger here is
that it could could force a vote of
no-confidence
if that happens Theresa Mays leadership
could be in question we're watching at
Halle telly Kobe I understand on top of
that story Kelly thank you I want to
bring in now ambassador Stuart Holliday
as well as Lisa and Sahil who are back
with us as well big deal absolutely I
mean Boris Johnson is the face of brexit
but he's also a man who's wanted to be
Prime Minister himself and if you go
back and look at his you know previous
statements on this it's not only brexit
but it's his own ambition and you know
he and may have been rivals for a little
while and so it's it's not unexpected
but the timing is surprising thank you
for checking out are you
channel why don't you subscribe it's
really easy just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
