we'd like to know if there's any factual
basis for the investigation originally
or they've developed what that
investigation is highly suspected has
there ever been an investigation of this
magnitude with such obvious indications
of extreme disgusting bias which totally
corrupts the process that was president
Trump's personal attorney Rudy Giuliani
giving us a preview of his legal team's
new strategy for handling the Muller
investigation at least publicly those
comments came after the New York Times
reported the president's lawyers are
telling Muller's team that they need to
prove they have evidence that the
president committed a crime before he
will agree to sit down for an interview
joining me now a member of the House
Intelligence Committee Democratic
congressman Mike Quigley of Illinois
congressman it's good to see you let's
start with what Rudy Giuliani has been
saying this morning across these Sunday
shows he is essentially alleging
corruption and bias in the people around
Robert Muller although he would not go
so far as to tell my colleague Chuck
Todd that Muller himself is corrupt what
is your assessment of what these FBI
officials did Peter struck who is set to
testify this week not in front of one of
your committees but up on Capitol Hill
who has sent these text messages
indicating that he was I had negative
feelings towards the president and has
that and that has led to this claim of
bias yeah look the FBI the CIA the Intel
community the Justice Department of
people who work there don't live in a
vacuum they have their own personal
views and they're entitled to them but
there's no indication that any of this
their personal views whether it be the
Clinton investigation or the Trump
investigation or any other before it had
their views impact how they did their
jobs but Rudy is just fishing obviously
what he's talking about here
some new legal theory and I practice
criminal law ten years I can't imagine
this one that the Justice Department has
to prove criminal violations of the law
before the president is allowed to be
subpoenaed he could be subpoenaed at any
moment Supreme Court has ruled on
several occasions and
- pretty landmark cases involving Nixon
and Clinton that the president is not
above the law
and they have to respond to and this in
one case legally legally bound subpoenas
so I look it's the same legal team that
said that he could virtually use pardons
to stop a criminal investigation that
they could decide which investigations
go forward those of their friends and
which ones they don't against their
enemies that the Justice Department has
to give them information discovery
before a trial date this is all total
fabrications of a legal team I think
that's a little freaked out by concerns
among many about mr. Cohen flipping I
want to ask you as well about Devin
Nunez the Republican a chairman of the
Intelligence Committee he has been
sending letters to congressman Gowdy and
Goodlatte on the Judiciary Committee
asking them to interview a long list of
people about the Trump dossier were
Democrats on the Intelligence Committee
aware that those requests were going to
be made and what's he up to
we haven't had notification from this
the Chairman mr. Nunez about anything
he's going to do for months now he is
undertaking rogue investigations he's
worked with the White House to prepare
his own men his own memo he began the
investigation with a midnight ride to
the White House which was very clear
that he was getting information then
turning it back to the White House to
show some other conspiracy he also
stopped subpoenas on documents and
people of critical interest he's
basically worked hand in glove with the
White House to thwart the investigation
so what he's doing now which is
unilateral rolled against the rules of
the committee and the house is
absolutely nothing new congressman do
you or other Democrats on your committee
have any questions about how the FBI is
conducted itself or if you take back the
house will you shut down all of these
lines of inquiry look I wear the
Oversight Committee we should be always
looking
how the Intel community operates but
what we've seen so far is desperate
attempts by the Republicans in the house
trying to protect the president
politically and legally nothing and all
the wild allegations that made for over
a year and a half now has been found to
be true so you can only expect this to
continue as again I think this would you
urge Democrats to shut down these lines
of inquiry if they take back control the
committee look if there's a reasonable
line of inquiry we'll follow up on it
what's more important than all that is
the fact that the most important
investigation of our lifetime I would
say more important than Watergate
especially to our democratic process was
shut down unilaterally by the
Republicans on this committee that would
reopen I want to show you what something
that the President had to say about his
upcoming meeting with Vladimir Putin and
then get your take let's take a look I'm
meeting with President Putin next week
and getting along let me tell you
getting along with Russia and getting
along with China and getting along with
other countries is a good thing it's not
a bad thing it's a good they're going
well president Trump be prepared you
know President Putin is KGB and this is
that you know what Putin's fine he's
fine
we're all fine with people will I be
prepared totally prepared I've been
preparing for this stuff my whole life
they don't say that congressman do you
agree that Putin is fine yeah he's just
a ball of fun he's a very dangerous man
he isn't a KGB person he was KGB he
kills journalists he is engaged in a war
with one of our allies in Ukraine he
annexed Crimea and our president who is
not prepared for this has opened up the
possibility of recognizing the
annexation of Crimea and bringing the
Russia back into the will be the g8 so
he's talking about attacking our allies
and going along with one of our great
adversary
it's okay to talk with him it's
important to engage but what he's doing
now is turning over the world order the
Liberal Democratic world order that
began right after the Second World War
that world order is under attack by its
primary architect the United States of
America
and at the same time embracing President
Putin refusing to acknowledge what the
Russians did to the democratic process
which the entire Intel community agrees
to and a bipartisan Senate committee
agrees to so he believes Putin more than
his mol√© own Intel community and our
allies Congressman Mike Quigley thanks
so much for your time today really
appreciate it thank you sure Ruth Marcus
I want to pick back up on we were
talking a little bit about the House
Intelligence Committee the inquiries
from Devon Nunez if Democrats do get a
chance to run go back to running these
committees how does that sort of unwind
I mean it seems to me they would shut
down most of the Nunez inquiries most
likely but there's potentially quite a
few threads for them to pick up going
forward yes and we just had this very
interesting very compelling very telling
report from the Senate Intelligence
Committee but there are additional
things to look at and I think for me
taking back the house is it gonna be
sick would be significant if it happened
not just further Russia inquiry but for
all of the other I would be work much
more worried if I were the White House
and Republicans about all of the other
strands of inquiry that could go on
imagine what an actual functioning house
that was going to be willing to engage
in oversight could have done with the
late lamented Scott Pruett I was just
gonna say there was some reporting New
York Times today Mark Lauder quickly
before we go
that essentially officials in the White
House said yeah there's no way there's
no way we would be prepared to fight
against those let's remember when I when
the Democrats took control during
president george w bush's presidency
they established a war room just to deal
with the endless string of inquiries and
subpoenas and investigations that were
coming then and it would multiply a
hundred times over
now in these circumstances I don't think
they have to be prepared for it today
I think as we get closer to that time
which I don't think will happen but they
will there's time to prepare right Ruth
Marcus thank you so much for your time
tonight really appreciate all of your
insights
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
