let's say I'm debating Pocahontas right
I promise you I'll do this I will take
you know those little kits they sell on
television for two dollars learn your
heritage we will take that little kid
and say but we have to do it gently
because we're in the me to generation so
have to be very gentle and we will say I
will give you a million dollars to your
favorite charity
paid for by Trump if you take the test
that it shows you're an idiot you know
Wow good morning welcome to am joy well
it's certainly not the first time that
we've seen Donald Trump hold an unhinged
campaign style rally peppered with
freewheeling rants against his opponents
but today I want to talk a little bit
about senator Elizabeth Warren
she's an outspoken critic of Trump one
of the few Democrats with the skills to
dunk on him on Twitter and she has that
presidential x-factor that could
actually boot him from office she also
happens to be a woman and so Trump does
what Trump does diminishing her with a
racialized nickname and calling into
question the authenticity of her roots
which sounds a lot like what he did to
another political x-factor with whom he
seems to have a negative obsession one
Barack Hussein Obama who Trump spent
years challenging whether he was indeed
born in the United States he even
offered President Obama money for proof
just as he did Thursday with Warren if
Barack Obama opens up and gives his
college records and applications and if
he gives his passport applications and
records I will give to a charity of his
choice inner-city children in Chicago
American Cancer Society AIDS research
anything he wants a check immediately
for five million dollars that tactic
birtherism serve Trump so well that it
helped to solidify him as a right-wing
icon and he's doing it all over again to
women to people of color to immigrants
and painted him as frauds who are trying
to pull a fast one on a man
while also taking over America and in
doing so he's stoking the ultimate fears
of his base a vote for the Democrats in
November is a vote to let ms-13 run wild
in our communities
- let drugs pour into our cities and to
take jobs and benefits away from our
hardworking Americans and we're not
letting it happen joining me now is
Emma's NBC correspondent Mariana Atencio
filmmaker Whitney Dow of the whiteness
project.org Robert Jones of the Public
Religion Research Institute and Maria
Teresa Kumar of voto Latino thank you
all for being here so this is sort of a
multi-faceted discussion that we want to
have because Donald Trump is doing a
particular thing where he's demonizing
immigrants where he's casting all
immigrants as sort of ms-13 gangsters
that are streaming across the border and
then Mariana at the same time
compartmentalizing that you have the
reality that most Americans wake up to
now every morning where there are
children being housed in detention away
from their parents in cages in some
cases alone toddlers babies so I want to
compartmentalize that into two pieces
and I want to start with the factual
piece you were to call last night that
gives us an update on sort of what's
going on with trying to reunite these
migrant children with their parents
what's the update on that
so going back a little bit the
government basically this week I was on
an HHS call and they said we will comply
with the deadline to reunify these kids
and the first deadline coming up Tuesday
is the tender age kids so the kids under
five they said we were we have every
intent to comply that same afternoon joy
just a couple of hours later they filed
paperwork to ask for an extension saying
there's some procedures that are gonna
take a little more time yesterday this
US District Judge in San Diego said you
have to comply with the time frame
unless you give me a reason to give you
an extension so you have to do your due
diligence and tell me why you need more
time yeah by 5:00 p.m. today Pacific
time the government has to come up with
a master list of the tender age babies
and basically tell this judge we can
reunite this bunch but we're having
trouble reuniting this other category
because guess what we deported their
parents and now we can't find them right
yesterday at the status hearing we heard
out of the 101 tender age kids
there are 19 parents that were deported
without them and 19 parents that have
released into the country and guess what
they didn't know where they are and now
you've been covering immigration a long
time have you ever seen a set of
circumstances a that is like this and be
the reaction that it's getting from the
majority of the public the revulsion
that you're seeing absolutely not this
is a unique time in this debate in this
discourse for the visibility of of
Latinos of immigrants of all backgrounds
joy I worked at Univision
the Spanish Network for MSNBC for years
we have been this is not new we saw the
child migrant crisis in 2013 Obama
we called him DePorter in chief he
deported more than 2 million people this
year I mean our community has been
struggling for this for years but the
images of kids in cages the image the
ProPublica audio it really hit a nerve
with people of all backgrounds so
covering those where are the children
rallies the families began belong
together rallies last weekend I'd never
seen so many people Asian Americans
white Americans African Americans
chanting don't criminalize immigrants I
mean for the first time I think that
Americans said we can't not stand for
this yeah and it was the administration
that gave the optics absolutely with
separate I mean the idea of deliberately
separating even infants breastfeeding
infants from parent that is new it was
too much it was too much for most
Americans even though polling a showed
that they support some of his
immigration policies yeah I think with
the separation Paula policies the latest
Washington Post poll yesterday 69% of
Americans say they can't stand for the
separation policy and yet Whitney it one
of the reasons that I wanted to have you
here today and Robbie is for the vast
majority of people as Mariana just said
people recoil when people heard that
audio most of us you know cried
listening to it it is really hard to
hear little kids crying for their mamas
and their Papas and where are you and
come and get me but there is still a
hardened part of the country the Trump
base that is not necessarily moved by
those images you've seen some of them on
Fox News they know they're in summer
camp you've seen some polling who do you
trust more to handle immigration overall
this is one piece of that same
Washington Post poll that ma√±ana
referenced who do you trust
overall thirty percent trust Trump
thirty eight percent trust Dems in
Congress only an eight point gap between
those two
order security though it's the other way
around
who do you trust on border security
Trump 37 Democrats 27 so Trump is ahead
there we go and then one more who do you
trust to do a better job of ensuring
immigration doesn't hurt American
workers again Donald Trump is winning on
that he's got 32% trust him to make sure
immigration doesn't hurt American
workers in 27 say Democrats in Congress
and I guess the theme here being that
around the same percentage that prefer
him period don't react that way to these
images why well I think the immigration
is immigration is not a real issue right
I mean if we look at the historically I
think that it was we're down from border
apprehensions in 2000 from like 1.7
million to the day something like
300,000 immigration is not a real issue
and when he in that clip that you played
earlier about we don't with the speech
when he talks about the things that are
driving the immigration debate this idea
of like crime drugs and employment those
aren't real issues either we're at a
historic low level of crime and
everybody it's been proven over and over
and over that immigrants commit crimes
in a much much lower level are you know
there are that they talks about drugs
poring over the border our drug problem
is a homegrown problem it's an opioid
crisis all right you know we're talking
you know we're talking about employment
we're historic low levels of employment
we need immigrants to power our economy
that's what that's what we need right
and so why is he saying all these things
well it works it works but we're also
seeing is that the is that it's going to
be an issue in this election that people
- I think there was a recent Pew poll
that said that that said that that
people consider illegal immigration a
bigger issue than health care now to me
that's pretty astounding
yes particular in this particular
universe but that's really he's he says
it because it works because he's playing
on the racial anxieties of a certain
segment of of this country that is
really really anxious about the fact
that our country is becoming browner you
know we had this conversation the other
day that now with a with white birth
rates declining with with with with you
know the immigration that I think it's
been recently downgraded from like 2040
to being the time will become a white
minority country - now
it's gonna be 23 force okay so it's it's
coming and there's real anxiety about it
and that's what's driving and Robbie
Jones this is you know the crux of your
research at PRI that you do this really
incredible annual survey you're at a
book called the end of white Christian
America that talks about this anxiety
very specifically so just explain for
people who are kind of freaked out by
the fact that people aren't all
universally you know repelled by the
idea of separating my grandparents and
children what is behind that kind of
outrage over what is declining
immigration you know I agree with
largely what's been said already here in
recent PRI polling actually shows very
similar numbers 71 percent of the public
opposes these policies is separating
kids from their parents at the border
however half of Republicans do support
this policy and I think that's where
we're at so even on a policy that's
really as an outlier policy from typical
u.s. immigration policy half of
Republicans are still with the President
on this on this issue and part of what's
going on is there is a much bigger issue
here that really is a battle over
American identity and who gets to be an
American and what American identity is
really all about that's what the 2016
election was really framed over and the
other thing to remember is that yes 2042
is the time when the country will become
a majority non-white but this identity
issue is really about a kind of white
anglo-saxon Protestant identity and that
identity 1993 was the last year that the
American was the majority white and
Protestant and in the last 10 years
we've gone from being a majority white
Christian country to a majority to a
minority white Christian country so in a
sense that is already here and that
changes being felt a lot of these this
bigger battle is being fought out on
these policy issues that are really
wrapped up in race and religion and
American identity right and merge
Rancher Croom are we talk about this a
lot because you have this rising brown
population but that politically is still
not as powerful as the numbers would
suggest we talk about it a lot with
Latino voters who have the potential
there are actually more Latinos now than
African Americans but in terms of
political power
or still not really represent it right
and so the fear is not just that the
numbers will get bigger but that people
will start to realize wait a minute I
have this much power and that people
will start to vote in their their
numbers right so you're seeing this sort
of exactly push back that's pretty broad
in for you and just looking at it and
from voto Latinos perspective is the
backlash getting stronger and in your
view is just because of Trump or is he
just tapping into something that was
already happening I think it's I think
he's been tapping into something that
was already happening I think that the
first person that actually started
playing this very much on display was
Sarah Palin
when he she was Senator McCain's running
mate she's the one that started flashing
this red meat and the bass really
attracted to it so Donald Trump took you
know took her messaging in spades but I
would actually argue that what we're
seeing right now in the rest of the
country with the election of Donald
Trump is a exacerbation of what happened
in California under pete wilson under
pete wilson if folks remember in 1993 he
created the very first blueprint of an
exaggerated demonization of immigrants
and he tried to create that as a
platform not only to run for governor
which he won but also to run for
president which was squashed by the
majority of Californians when he was
elected into Congress when he was
elected into the governorship he
basically created a proposition called
proposition 187 I can tell you that
shortly after that they basically were
going to deny undocumented migrants
access to medical care to schools you
name it but there was a huge backlash
amongst Californians because they were
also a rising Latino electoral base that
didn't exist before and basically what
they did is that the Republicans
solidified a California that was once a
swing state into a solidly blue state
yeah I can share with you that right now
I'm here now I'm here in El Paso Texas
you're seeing a whole swath of Texans
registering to vote independent and
Democrat you would never guess that
we're on the eve of possibly flipping
Texas but we are I can share with you
that dot that Ted Cruz won Texas last
time by almost twenty two points Betty
O'Rourke who's running now for the
against him in the Senate he's basically
within striking distance of less than 3%
that is the margin of error that
actually creates an opportunity
the Republicans are trying to do those
they're trying to hold back the future
everything from disproportionately
trying to purge voter files as the
Supreme Court recently said that you can
go ahead and purged for individuals that
are infrequent voters those are
disproportionately people of color
they're young people when you were
talking about whether or not you're
going to revoke citizenship from
naturalized citizens well you're talking
again most disproportionately of people
of color when you are trying to create
these archaic methods of not
participating in the polls is because
you do see the numbers and often times
people say well Latinos they don't
participate
sixty percent of Latinos are 33 years or
younger right the mean age of a white
voter is 54 the mean age of a Latino
voters 18 years old in the next three
years you're going to hit the a tsunami
of young Latinos and their potential is
untapped but the administration is
mobilizing them because they have to
have these hard conversations every
single day with their families where
they're being racially profiled are they
going to come home with their parents be
there it is a different type of
motivation where the majority of
Americans when they voted in 2016 in
November of November 8th they went to
bed fine we're a new jury of Latinos
woke up to a completely different
reality yeah and I wonder if because
there is this magnet that the United
States has presented to immigrants
around the world and I wonder if when
you're talking to families at the border
do they perceive this shift in the
attitude toward people like them when
they're coming and trying to get asylum
joy they are so traumatized at the
violence that they're fleeing from they
see the United States as the beacon of
freedom and democracy in an undocumented
immigrant that crosses the border they
can have no belongings they can be as
poor as can be that undocumented
immigrant will send its child to school
the day after they cross the border that
is the dream that they come here to
achieve and from a personal standpoint
we touched on a little bit last week
last year in my home country of
Venezuela I had to go down there to get
my sister out to give her a chance at
life because there's a humanitarian
crisis down there to pick up your
childhood bedroom to put all of your
belongings in one suitcase and come here
and start from scratch and then seek
asylum and and to be told there's a
4-year backlog and you have to somehow
survive
I've here until you're told if you're
able to get asylum or not for a
marriages full it is absolutely and then
we were lucky because we were able to
come here on a plane ticket we're
actually able to to go to Congress
woman's office and asked about asylum
but these families that are coming it's
almost like what haunts them from the
very beginning is that they come here by
foot right is that they're poor and
they're feeling fleeing extreme levels
of violence and that haunts them and
puts them in this never-ending cycle
that they aren't able to escape and then
we need why does that story not move
some people well I think I think again
it comes back to this incredible
incredible anxiety and they're looking
for something outside of themselves
outside of their own experience to blame
it on I mean I think that it's it's very
very hard to say that like this your
world is changing and the reality is is
that that the United States has always
changed it's always evolved we're
constantly changing and evolving we've
been doing it since the since since
since we were founded and but you know
it's also one of the things that's
really striking to me is that the people
that in my work in the interviews that
I've been doing the people that are most
anxious about immigration most anxious
about this ship living communities that
are largely without people of color I
just came back from Wyoming where I did
lots of interviews with people and I saw
there's I think Wyoming is one of the
whitest states in the in the in the
country yeah and there's an incredible
anxiety around not just immigrants but
but black people as well and it's really
and I think that's partially from I
think it's well it's from the media that
we consume not just the news media but
also all media they're seeing a world
that is fundamentally differently from
different from their experience they're
being shown that this world is is is
coming and this is like the way it's
going to be yeah and it's very very very
scary last word we are out of time but
Robby do you see signs in your research
that that is changing and shifting at
all or are we just going down sort of
the road that Western Europe is going
down where there's a hardened
anti-immigrant sentiment even in places
where there aren't almost there almost
no people of color well you know we we
do see that pattern that was just
described but here's here's was in
trailers we actually see support
dropping for some of trumps key
immigration policies so support for
example for building
wall has dropped ten percentage points
since 2016 we also see things like
preventing refugees coming from the
country that has dropped as well so we
are seeing Republicans actually becoming
more outliers and that what's in
political science called asymmetrical
polarization where Democrats and
independents are actually closer
together and Republicans are
increasingly kind of out on their own
with President Trump on this issue so
there the public is really closer to
independents and Democrats on these
issues then then it is on Republicans I
really wish we had more time this is an
important discussion we're gonna have to
have it again because it's what's
happening and I don't think it's being
addressed that directly and in parts of
this country or Trump certainly isn't
mariana Atencio Whitney Dow Robbie Jones
Marisa Kumar thank you both fair at all
very much and up next a shocking new
report about an unusual place for
migrant children are being held stay
with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
