day 533 here of the Trump administration
and the pressure is on the president is
facing a complicated week ahead with
high stakes at home and abroad it's all
still taking place beneath the cloud of
the Russia investigation there is
brand-new reporting tonight from the New
York Times about the negotiations for a
face-to-face interview between Trump and
Special Counsel Robert Muller The Times
reports quote president Trump's lawyer
set new conditions on Friday on an
interview with the special counsel and
said that the chances that the president
would be voluntarily quote questioned
were growing increasingly unlikely the
article goes on to say the special
counsel robert muller needs to prove
before mr. Trump would agree to an
interview that he has evidence that mr.
Trump committed a crime and that his
testimony is essential to completing the
investigation said Rudolph Giuliani the
president's lead lawyer in the case
Giuliani has gone back and forth over
recent months when it comes to whether
this interview will take place tonight
it appears the president and his legal
team are taking an even more aggressive
stance regarding the Russia
investigation meantime President Trump
now just three days away from announcing
a decision that could well define his
legacy he is about to reveal his pick to
fill that vacancy on the Supreme Court
if you turn in Monday at nine o'clock I
think you're going to be extremely happy
a source familiar with the selection
process tells NBC News that the
president is most focused on these
candidates Brett Kavanaugh Amy Kony
Barrett and Raymond Catholic and there
have been some reports that Cavanaugh
may have the inside track president
Trump will be flying to Europe on
Wednesday for the annual summit with
leaders the United States and its NATO
allies and president has taken a
combative approach to dealing with NATO
criticizing member countries for not
boosting their own defense spending I'll
see you later and I'm gonna tell NATO
you got to start paying your bills the
United States so we have a hundred and
fifty 1 billion dollars in trade
deficits with the EU and on top of that
they kill us with NATO they want to
protect against Russia yet they paid
billions of dollars to Russia and with
us Schmucks at a paid for the whole
thing almost thirty three billion
dollars more is projected to be paid by
those NATO nations but it's not enough
the former NATO commander says remarks
like that raised concerns about the
president's willingness to stand with
America's allies what NATO is looking
for is a strong sense that President
Trump is actually committed to
strengthening the NATO alliance it's
really upsetting to our allies that he
seems to prefer meetings with Xi Jinping
or Putin or Kim Jong on to meeting with
longtime historic friends of the United
States and this coming week will also
include preparations for that upcoming
meeting between Trump and Vladimir Putin
even though President Trump insists he's
more than ready Putin's fine he's fine
we're all fine with people will I be
prepared totally prepared I've been
prepared for this stuff my whole life
the president will also have time next
week to nurture the special relationship
between the u.s. and the UK he'll be
meeting with both prime minister Theresa
May and Queen Elizabeth during his
nearly four-day visit he is expected to
limit his time in London where several
protests are scheduled during his visit
and then there is that continuing drama
that is the Trump White House today
was ex epa administrator scott Pruitt's
last day and there's the ongoing
speculation also about the future of the
White House chief of staff and the
president has a brand new communications
director as well former Fox News chief
bill shine Congress will be heading back
to work as well next week the Senate
returns on Monday the house on Tuesday
likely to bring increased scrutiny to
one of the president's most vocal allies
Ohio Congressman Jim Jordan a powerful
member of the house freedom caucus at
least for Ohio State University
wrestlers alleged that Jordan knew about
sexual abuse by a team doctor back when
he was an assistant coach at the school
Jordan's accusers say he did nothing
about it tonight
the congressman was asked about those
allegations I never saw never heard of
never was told about any type of abuse
if I had been I would have dealt with it
and what bothers me the most is the guys
that are saying this thing I know they
know the truth what has been said about
me is is completely false the president
is standing by Jordan telling reporters
on Air Force One last night quote I
don't believe them at all I believe him
Jim Jordan is one of the most
outstanding people I've met since I've
been in Washington I believe him 100% no
question in my mind I believe Jim Jordan
100% he's an outstanding man plenty to
talk about so let's bring in our leadoff
panel for a Friday night Jonathan Allen
NBC News national political reporter
Kent ahh --mess White House reporter for
The Associated Press and Barbara McQuade
former US Attorney for the Eastern
District of Michigan now an MSNBC legal
analyst thanks to all of you for being
with us Barbara let me start with you on
this news that Rudy Giuliani the
president's lawyer is making tonight
narrowing it sounds the the potential
conditions under which the president
might agree to an interview with robert
muller saying essentially that muller
has to have proof the president
committed crimes and that his testimony
would be essential to the investigation
is this Rudy Giuliani essentially saying
this isn't going to happen it seems like
he is you know every time it seems that
the deadline comes and goes they moved
the goalposts a little bit farther down
the field and so it seems that this is
yet another stall tactic these are
conditions
that certainly are not legally required
rudy guiliani is trying to put in place
some terms that robert muller can agree
to but I don't see why Robert Muller
would agree to show his whole entire
hand to Giuliani just to get President
Trump to sit down with him for an
interview no doubt he wants to talk to
him his other option is to serve a
subpoena on him but of course that
brings with it the potential of
litigation and some really contentious
arguments about about those issues so
I'm sure he'd rather secure his
testimony through a voluntary sit-down
but you know at some point I think
Robert Miller is just going to have to
move on without it and either issue the
subpoena or issue his report without the
testimony well when does that moment
arrive do we have any sense because Rudy
Giuliani had previously set a deadline I
think it was of July 4th this week for a
decision now no decision just some new
terms do we know at what point Muller
has to make that you know either do the
subpoena or move on without him decision
you're talking about well there's really
no specific deadline to it I imagine
that the that this piece of it that he
wants to talk to president Trump relates
likely to the obstruction of justice
investigation he's done which is a very
finite investigation there's only a
handful of people who would be involved
in talking to about that only a handful
of documents necessary to review so my
guess is that piece of the investigation
is probably done except for this piece
now the larger Russia investigation
seems like there's still more work to be
done there so I suppose until that piece
of the investigation is done there's no
urgency and getting the obstruction
piece done but you know at some point if
everything else is done Robert Moeller
is gonna have to make a decision about
how he wants to proceed to end the
investigation because I can't simply go
on forever but it does seem that Rudy
Giuliani is doing his best to delay if
not forever that occurrence that is the
legal front Ken Thomas as we head into
this weekend the political question one
of the big political questions around
the president is who is he gonna pick to
replace the Anthony Kennedy on the
Supreme Court who will he nominate we
mentioned those names Cavanaugh Barrett
Catholic is the sense right now that the
president's mind is made up and he's
just waiting for Monday to reveal it or
is this still a live process as far as
no it's still a live process there's
been a lot of bouncing back and forth
this week essentially focusing on either
Cavanaugh or Catholic Cavanaugh had some
issues earlier in the week there were
some concerns raised by some Republican
senators most notably rand paul about
some of the decisions and views that
that Cavanaugh had expressed my sense is
that the White House feels like that's
under control now and the president can
make a decision on a level playing field
and feel confident that whomever he
picks he can get the the nominee through
the Senate but I think right now you you
most likely looking at either a
Cavanaugh pick who seems to be the
credentialed candidate that the person
who has those Washington ties or Rey
Catholics who some people will refer to
as Gorsuch 2.0 a Midwestern or someone
who has a very solid conservative track
record and has picked up some support
within conservative circles john allen
the weekend mentions Cavanaugh Catholic
didn't hear the name Amy Coneybear it
there I know Democrats certainly have
zeroed in on her RS or certainly did a
couple days ago there is this issue with
Olympia Snowe saying roe v-- wade is
potentially a bottom-line issue for her
where she doesn't necessarily a commit
to vote for Trump's pick here is there a
sense that Amy Kony Barrett may be on
that issue of Roe has fallen back in
this process certainly possible Steve I
think that there is a significant amount
of support for her though among those
who would like to see a woman on the
court who might be in a position of
overturning Roe and as president Trump
says sending it back to the states of
course Congress then might act federally
to ban abortion but beyond that if that
were to happen I think you know Barrett
is appears to be alive in this process
somebody who certainly has her
supporters I think there are a lot of
people who felt like she had a good
narrative coming out of her last set of
hearings were Senator Dianne Feinstein
went after
basically said she wears a religion on
her sleeve so if they want that kind of
fight she's a good person for to be
picked I think you know from the
standpoint of whether conservatives will
be happy with any of these picks I think
they'll be pretty happy with all of them
but the president obviously needs to get
all the Republicans on board to be able
to get a Supreme Court justice or at
least enough of them to offset any
Democratic defections or to work in
concert with any Democratic defections
well the camera was away from me from me
for a second I was removing my foot from
my mouth because I think I said Olympia
Snowe who of course has been out of the
Senate for six years I meant to say
Susan Collins I got my Maine senators
could I at least I didn't say Margaret
chase Smith not the first one to make
that mistake stick yeah the last time I
do okay let me ask you about the the
other big news in the White House sort
of internally although there's there's a
lot of folks outside the White House
talking about this bill shine the former
Fox News chief taking this top
communications post in the White House
of course the controversy around Fox
News are those sexual harassment claims
his role in in handling those I guess
it's a two-part question what is his
role going to be how biggest is role
going to be in this White House and was
that issue with Fox News in the sexual
harassment complaints there did that
clearly didn't dissuade the White House
but did that concern them at all there's
not a lot of evidence that it was a
really big issue as they brought in bill
shine he was someone who we expected to
join the administration for a while he
is his name is has circulated for four
months as someone who was likely to come
in he's very close to Sean Hannity who
is obviously very close to the president
and they they speak frequently so we
expected him to come in he is supposed
to take in a larger role overseeing the
communications shop it's it's something
that the president has been unhappy with
at times and and and often feels like
he's really the only dependable
spokesman for for this administration so
look to see shine come in and this could
coincide with John Kelly leaving there's
there's some speculation as we get
towards the end of the month we'll be
reaching the one-year mark of John
Kelly's time and you know we have this
very intense period we're in right now
with a Supreme Court pick we have the
you know the the trip next week to
Europe and then the big summit with
Vladimir Putin and that could be viewed
as a time in which John Kelly could then
transition out of the chief of staff
position as someone like a bill shine
comes in in John we also mentioned that
story about Jim Jordan congressman from
Ohio house freedom caucus one of trumps
most stalwart allies when it comes to
his complaints against the Justice
Department the Russia investigation you
have all of these accusers now stepping
forward from Ohio State his former
players when he was former wrestlers
when he was assistant coach that they're
saying they had talked to him about this
team doctor and his and his potential
abuse there the president standing by
him what is the attitude on Capitol Hill
about Jordan and in what this may or may
not do for him in terms of his standing
there I think there's a lot of concern
you know I think there's worry among
House Republicans certainly about
supporting him too much this is not the
first time a former wrestling coach has
been accused of either turning a blind
eye or in the case of a you know in the
case of former Speaker Dennis Hastert
you know there was a page program
scandal even before he had his his later
issues with inappropriate behavior with
with young wrestlers obviously Jordan
has not been accused of that but the
idea of turning a blind eye has been
something that has really hurt
Republicans in the past when it comes to
abuse allegations on Capitol Hill and so
I think there's a reluctance to get out
too far in front of this the way that
the president just did saying that he's
behind Jordan 100% he believes him 100%
you know Speaker Paul Ryan has taken a
more way to see kind of attitude about
it in Barbara also I wanted to ask you
about this because this caught my eye
today news that we've got about Paul
Manafort
who of course is is being held right now
apparently in solitary confinement and
I'm a layman with this stuff is that an
unusual move for somebody in his
position and what would the reason be
for that yeah so as I understand it he's
in solitary confinement for his own
safety and you do see this from time to
time it is not to punish him but it is
to
checked him it's an administrative
reason and sometimes when you have
people who are in jail or in prison who
are public officials or high-profile
individuals or police officers the
concern is that the general population
might harm him that somebody might want
to be a hero and and beat him up or make
a headline and so for his own safety he
is being held in solitary confinement
now that's certainly an unpleasant
scenario but if it is for his own safety
that may be where where he serves best
he says that that is causing some
challenges in his ability to prepare for
trial but I know the government has
responded that the judge in the case has
ordered that the prison the jail make
his access to his lawyers reasonably
available so one hopes that despite the
fact that he's not with a cellmate or
other members of the prison population
he does have the opportunity to prepare
for his trial
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
