it was three years ago when Donald Trump
appeared on SNL as himself that they
predicted what his white house might
look like in 2018 Jimmy has the economy
amazing sir in the words of our new
national anthem it's huge
after your tough negotiations with China
you are killing them on trade they're
now borrowing money from us I have no
idea you did it sir well you know what I
don't have to get specific with me it's
just works you know it's magic that was
a joke and China's not exactly borrowing
yet but there are a lot of numbers
showing the Trump's economy doesn't work
for all Americans yet of course Trump
campaigned on being a populist but he
didn't quite grasp the word calling
himself a popularised a new NBC poll
shows that the economy and reducing the
influence of special interests actually
topped the list for the most important
issues among voters in the midterms
right now when it comes to which party
they trust on the economy look at this
voters choosing Republicans by a slight
edge so how can liberals invoke the
importance of the economy and true
populism and actually get Democrats
behind it well my next guest Ralph Nader
has a whole lot of ideas in his new book
to the ramparts how Bush and Obama paved
the way for the Trump presidency and why
it isn't too late to reverse course the
book argues in part these problems are
bigger than Trump because corporate
money has taken over both parties a
point that ralph the consumer advocate
was making all the way back in the 1970s
the issue basically know is whether we
can build up enough democratic power
outside of government in order to permit
increasingly those inside of government
to uphold their oath of office and
perform the public interest
you are nothing if not consistent
what is new though that you want to get
across in the book is that the
Democratic Party can't defend the
country against the worst Republican
Party in history this is a party
Republican party on the record voting
against children born against women
voting against clean air
against clean water if you can't
landslide that kind of party all the way
down to the City Council from Congress
the City Council you better look in the
mirror and the Democrat Party better
look in the mirror we're about a month
away from the election and they talk
about a blue wave you gotta have when to
get a blue wave the wind comes from the
people believing that you stand for
something they haven't answered the
question what does the Democratic Party
stand for and I think if they make a big
issue out of raising the minimum wage
and they should get in front of the
Capitol Steps all the Democrats led by
Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer and say we
are going to push for a livable wage
it's long overdue and the guys at the
top are running away with the bat you
know the Democrats talk about voter
suppression and that's real purging
voters high complex IDs and fooling
around with registration dates but
they're not really pushing for a great
get out to vote 125 million people who
are eligible to vote will not vote in
November that's a lot of votes how do
you compare that to two parties that
have gotten very involved in the
politics of personality which Barack
Obama benefited from but ultimately
warned against take a look at Obama on
that you cannot sit back and wait for a
savior you can opt out because you don't
feel sufficiently inspired by this or
that particular candidate this is not a
rock concert this is not Coachella is
that an important message for Obama to
deliver no it's very important because
the Democrats are falling into the trap
of Trump
listen let's run against Trump well you
couldn't have a president easier to run
against pop that doesn't put bread on
the table they have got to go down where
people are working living and raising
their families they're gonna blow the
next month's election if they continue
business as usual and the democratic
national committee headed by mr. Peres
who hasn't returned my call for over a
year I have some suggestions for him why
do you think he's not calling you back
don't want to hear from the Civic
community they just hear from their
political consultants and all the
millions of dollars that are putting
insipid TV ads because they get a 15%
cut it also raises the question have you
tried texting him we have emailed them
yes and we have text we've done
everything look you're looking at the
next election then you see Mike
Bloomberg now re-registering as a
Democrat I imagine you view him as a
classic corporate politician he's moving
parties based on where he may have a
political opportunity do you think it
would be bad for the Democrats that Mike
Bloomberg run or become the nominee No
what about Wall Street Wall Street is
his weakness he's for corporate welfare
on the other hand he's not your routine
Wall Street guy he's an entrepreneur and
he thinks for himself I think he could
shake up the Democrat Party I think
because I've known him and talked with
him I think he ruins the day they didn't
run four years ago hey I'm already melba
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
