right and then there's everything to
unpack in Montana in the speech last
night including this as president Trump
pulled out an old favorite talking about
senator Elizabeth Warren let's watch
let's say I'm debating Pocahontas right
I promise you I'll do this I will take
you know those little kits they sell on
television for two dollars learn your
heritage and in the middle of the debate
when she proclaims a tease of Indian
heritage because her mother said she has
high cheekbones we will take that little
kit and say but we have to do it gently
because we're in the me two generations
who have to be very gentle and we will
very gently take that kid and we will
slowly toss it hoping it doesn't hit her
and injure her arm even though it only
weighs probably two ounces and we will
say I will give you a million dollars to
your favorite charity paid for it by
Trump if you take the test that it shows
you're an Indian you know
and let's see what she goes so Jean not
surprising that he pulled out the
Pocahontas routine he does that whenever
he gets the chance to do it but what
struck a lot of us and a lot of other
people was the sort of flippant
reference to the me to movement which
had no relationship to what he was
talking about exactly but he found a way
to get it in this from a man of course
who's been accused in the era of me -
time and time again
yeah me too had nothing to do with
everything he was talking about it's an
interesting tell right because Donald
Trump sort of slips in references to to
what's worrying him or what he's
thinking of thinking about and doesn't
want to talk about that he talks about
it anyhow so somehow I guess that's on
its mind these days maybe another porn
star is gonna come out or something like
that and and Andy knows about it and
doesn't wanna talk about it yeah
sometimes you watching a performance
like last night and you and you almost
think gee is this some sort of weird
Andy Kaufman kind of performance art
thing that he's doing is this really
really happening is this the President
of the United States
alas the answer is yes it is the
President of the United States and as
you mentioned he has now gotten us into
a ridiculous and probably ultimately
disastrous trade war with China there's
no reason for this he's going about it
even if he wants to get tough on China
going about in precisely the wrong way
he's going to cost thousands and
thousands of US jobs he's gonna raise
prices for US consumers it's just
ridiculous and it's all to feed his his
wrong preconceived notions and his ego
now you know kneecap what we're talking
about child separation policy Judy
Woodruff is reporting that a 14 month
old boy was separated from his immigrant
parents at the border and was returned
after 85 days had lice all over him had
not been bathed from from what they can
tell
and Lisa news is going to be reporting
on that the news hour at 14 month
I'm sorry Wow 14 month old that's a
forty year old now you did I was 14
month old boy separated from his parents
returned after 85 days my son is not the
same since we reunited I thought that
because he's so young he wouldn't be
traumatized by this experience but he
does not separate from me he cries when
he does not see me that behavior is not
normal and he'll Salvador he would stay
with his dad or his sister not cry now
he cries for fear of being alone a boy
not bathed held in United States custody
for 85 days separated from his mother
this news our report had lice all over
him when he was returned was not bathed
for 85 days and this is Donald Trump's
policy and it's a policy that is echoed
in the airwaves of Fox News described by
one host a summer camp like conditions
summer care described by the Secretary
of Homeland Security as just a policy
that if you break the law you break the
law not really understanding the
different dynamics between people
seeking asylum by the way that we can
think about this for a second it fell to
Salvador seized a 14 month old American
baby that would be considered a hostage
kept that 14 month old boy away from his
parents for 85 days and was returned in
this condition
make no mistake of it we would not file
a protest we would be sending troops
down there think if Russia did this if
turkey did this if the Philippines did
this if any country on the planet did
this we would go to the floor of the
United Nations and rightly
condemn those actions this is American
policy under Donald Trump and
Republicans are doing nothing to find
those children I want to know because a
couple weeks ago I said the Red Cross
was not allowed to go in the Red Cross
wrote me back that's not true we never
said that even though they had said that
in a previous tweet I wonder gene if you
heard any news and it's a Red Cross been
able to go into any of these facilities
and check the well-being of the chokers
if they have oddly ganske American Red
Cross how did you let a child have lice
really and not be bathe for 85 days
because the American Cross made a big
deal of tweeting back at me oh this is
not true we have not been barred from
going in to visit what is the status
because American Red Cross said they
were available to help they told the
trust administration they were available
to help but the American Red Cross said
we can only go in and help if they will
let us yeah have they let them have they
let anyone you know organizations go in
I don't know that's a that's a that
would be a good phone call to make today
to try to find out because if I'm not
aware that the Red Cross has had access
and and I'm certainly not aware of
anything
the Red Cross has said to describe the
conditions under which these children
are being held so let's find out red
cross I keep a happy man shouldn't they
would be reporting to us every day since
people give so much money to the
American Red Cross what's the American
Red Cross doing what are the children
look like where are the children
like we certainly find out during war we
know where the prisoners of war cuz
American reck the Red Cross can go where
I'm being detained right right but we
don't know where the children are we
don't know where all the children are
it's just it's it's it's astounding this
is not the way you treat human beings
this is the way you treat animals
basically this is the way you treat
people are subhuman and and again this
is what Donald Trump has done he has he
has sort of dehumanized the
immigrants particularly these
brown-skinned immigrants from from Latin
America he doesn't want in the country
and he has made them a sort of a focal
point of his racism and his and and this
dis appalling mistreatment to treat
fourteen infuriate it's infuriating but
it is the president's policy announced
by the Attorney General in late March
the Attorney General then went back on
his own words which we can see on tape
he announces it he says you will be
separated from your children it's all
it's all and then he says we didn't mean
for them to really be separated he pulls
in Ivanka and he says we didn't mean for
them to really be separated and then he
pulls back again but it is the
president's policy you have the
Secretary of Homeland Security who's
saying it's not to send a message but
then she hopes that they get the message
and she does not know where the kids are
she doesn't know where the girls are
being kept separately she said she would
get back to us has she gotten back to us
and then as I mentioned Ivanka Trump who
was mum on this policy even though she's
supposed to be fighting for women and
families and for mothers and then she
finally tweeds thank you to the
president as twisted as the Attorney
General the president's people are all
twisting the truth and thanks the
president for pulling back on a policy
that has left 2,000 children's lives
hanging in the balance aren't we aren't
we up to three thousand now there are
three HHS updated to three thousand
turned out we're just under 3000 under
3,000 and a hundred what is it Alex Oh a
hundred kids under the age of five my
question is in something we suggested at
the time of Anka Trump should have said
I'm going to be in charge of leading a
task force to find those children and
reunite them with their families bring
up a really good now three thousand
separated migrant kids they don't know
where their parents are and the ones
that are coming back one had you know
president for this situation
and to Melania Trump took two trips to
the border to ask the questions how are
these children doing how are they being
reunited are her statements as hollow as
everybody else in the administration or
are their answers to those questions
where are the children
where are the babies how are they doing
and how exactly will you reunite every
single one with their families Michael
Warren conservatives Republicans on
Capitol Hill can they not find the words
to ask these questions maybe behind the
scenes and they ought to be doing it
more publicly well look I mean let's
let's be sort of honest about what the
truth is here which is that there is not
an easy answer certainly not what the
Trump administration has done is the
answer but you do have the the issue
that these families are crossing the
border illegally this is a persistent
problem I don't think it's as big and
and as widespread as the president
claims but I think it requires some sort
of serious policy analysis what do you
actually do do you have to reform the
way that you know people are talking
about abolishing ice I think that's
ludicrous
right you do you have to reform the way
that all these processes happen when you
have someone cross the border illegally
who is apprehended who has a family who
has children right and and claims asylum
that's not an there's not an easy answer
there it doesn't seem like anybody is is
really trying to think through that and
come up with a solution that actually
does maintain the borders yeah while not
doing this horrific famous separation
policy it is horrific and Michael yeah
again I'll say it again as somebody
who's pretty conservative on immigration
policies and who actually believes that
Europe because they don't have a middle
ground on immigration policies in the EU
that's what's fueling the rise of the
right and been saying it for some time
it's irresponsible and reckless their
immigration policies and it has been for
years that said when Ted Cruz rightly
says we need to get more judges down to
borders so we can process these claims
more quickly to end the separation of
parents into their children Donald Trump
says no not only do we not want more
judges down there we don't want any
judges down there well then he also he
also mister represents too he says the
plan is the thousands and thousands of
judges which is which is not the plan
that's not what Cruz proposed so I think
there's a thing here I'll make it you
asked about Republicans Republicans I
think are trying to figure out a way to
work through this but you do have a the
president at the top who is sort of an
insistent that that he ignores some of
those solutions I don't know what the
solution the best solution here is but
you do need somebody at the top of the
chief executive and you need people
surrounding him I mean we talked about
John Kelly the chief of staff John Kelly
is very much a restriction astana
Gration and and I think a lot of that he
doesn't have a lot of people around him
the president that is who are able to
say look you really need to reconsider
this policy it's not just Stephen Miller
and John Kelly who ought to be advised I
believe didn't Kristin Nielsen work for
John Kelly do I have that wrong no
you're right good she worked for him for
for a quite a while okay so Michael my
concern is and I'm wondering if it's
your concern of Europe is conservative
as I am on immigration policy but I
believe the first thing you do is an
American if you cross the border
shouldn't be illegal you should come
here the white people from Pakistan the
way people from Sweden the white people
from Peru from all across the world come
to the United States of America that
said is it there a fear inside the
conservative movement that there is a
backlash to this and this helps elect
people who are actually very liberal on
immigration policy and we will see a
massive swing in this area because this
seems to undercut people like myself who
are conservative on immigration policy
you can't even have that debate anymore
without being smeared by Donald Trump's
racist rhetoric and also this inhumane
policy towards children yeah but I think
that this cuts
the other way as well you know I do
think that push to abolish ice for
instance which is sort of mindless it is
there may be some there may be some very
good ways to reform I don't know I don't
know enough about the way that DHS and
DOJ and HHS all work together and maybe
they can work together better but I
think that you know the fact that the
president sort of lowered the bar here
on what is acceptable and it was able to
say look I changed the policy even
though as we know from reporting that
that hasn't resolved the problem of
family separation he's he can claim he's
changed the policy he's able to say and
I think with some justification that the
left-wing in the country on immigration
has gone really far to the left to
abolish ice and can he's go really going
to make the point going into these
midterms that if you like Democrats he
said this on Twitter
this is an open borders Pro ms-13 party
that's what he says and at the same time
as you know even Chuck Schumer came out
saying abolishing ice was a stupid thing
to do he did and the numbers on ms-13
are point y zero one three percent of
330,000 illegal immigrants that come
here there's no like twenty five veteran
that's 13 look III agree Fujio I think I
think the the issue here though is I
mean you mentioned Chuck Schumer you
could say Nancy Pelosi as well well
Nancy Pelosi was just handed a defeat
last week in in that Bronx and queens
District by Alexandra ok Sea of Cortez
who ran in part on the idea of
abolishing ice and and beat the
Democratic establishment candidates so
it does seem to me at least if you're a
mayor you know an American watching
these things and you're sort of on the
fence you're a little more like you Joe
on on on immigration but you don't like
seeing this this policy from the Trump
administration you hear something like
abolish I do you think well that seems a
little extreme so we have two parties
children get reunited with their
families that's all I'm that's all I'm
shooting for here's the fact that these
kids have been separated from their
families under Trump's policy because of
Trump's policy and yes there is the
other and equally as debatable truth
that there are lots of different
problems with our immigration system
that need to be addressed I'm not
avoiding that I'm looking though at the
problem created by this president and
his flunkies who twist the truth around
him that have left 2,000 children
hanging in the balance that's not the
way America doing business not to
correct you but I think we're up to
three thousand and you're exactly right
and it would be a Republicans best
interest to do everything they can
around the clock to get these parents
and these children together and Michael
you agree with that a lot of other
conservatives agree with that and then
roll up their sleeves and start
answering the hard questions of what do
we do to discourage parents from
bringing children to the border without
treating them the way we have over the
past several months Michael thanks for
being with us we really appreciate it
hope you have a great weekend you too
and Susan and Jean stay with us if you
can we want to ask you about the
president's comments about our NATO
allies and also he's told us like he
told us we had nothing to worry about
with Kim jong-un and nuclear weapons
that's fine don't worry about anybody
said the same thing about Vladimir Putin
last night we'll talk about that also
added Morning Joe president Trump openly
questions the points of light foundation
and the concept of volunteering on
behalf of those who have less mocking
George HW Bush a guy who was shot down
about 700 miles south of Japan in World
War two also he mocked John McCain last
night but since he seems so confused
about some points that a lot of thousand
points of light will help explain it
using President George HW Bush's own
words you're watching Morning Show will
vary but thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
