Angelica Gonzalez Garcia says that she
fled Guatemala to get away from domestic
abuse to try and bring her daughter to
safety and perhaps be safe herself for
once but once she got to Arizona she was
separated from her eight-year-old
daughter her daughter was taken away
from her and she did not see her
daughter for 55 days no idea where she
was
they were just reunited at Logan Airport
in that video goes on for about ten
minutes and what I found fascinating
about it is that the people around her
who helped make this happen
started by watching tears of joy and
then they all started looking down as
the mother wept and went through all the
phases of the trauma that she had been
through for the past 55 days when she
did not know the fate of her little girl
and it's very hard to watch when you
realize that this happened because of
policies in the United States and there
and I think that's what you saw it's
like here's continued you saw these
people and looking down shaking their
head and they're like wait this is
messed up this is because of American
policy and I think by the way it so many
conserved the last one so many
conservatives like myself who believe in
a tough border policy in fact I've
always been more conservative it's an
important immigration on illegal
immigration than most of the people in
my part leaders in my party but this
isn't America it's not even close to
what we are as a people and there are
ways to do this and if we could just I
don't know maybe share a little more of
that video because there's also the sad
I think incredibly damaging trick that
the Trump administration has played on
the American people because for some
reason some people who work for
president Trump including his daughter
are twisting this
and actually thanking President Trump
for moments like this moments he created
how sick how sick for someone in the
White House to tweet thank you to Donald
Trump for these reunions because these
reunions this should have never happened
these children should have never been
taken away from their parents these
children should have never been
traumatized held taken away to different
states put on buses put on planes scared
not knowing where they're going Laura
Ingraham this isn't summer camp okay
the conditions for these children are
all wrong because the United States of
America should not be separating
children from their parents and leaving
their parents waiting in holding cells
making them pay bond just to maybe get
the luck that someone will pay their
bond maybe an attorney who feels that
they need to do their civic duty and try
and help one of these parents reunite
and get them from Arizona to New York to
maybe see their kid to maybe get a
reunion like that thank you president
Trump how sick and how twisted you know
you're doing this with our policy and we
are twisting the truth to make it look
like the president created a happy day
for these people how utterly sick this
is not where we need to be and at some
point I pray all Americans get it but I
get when I see what happened in this
rally last night the people clapping
when they're hearing lies I get that all
of you are part of creating a big lie
for this presidency and protecting
something that is utterly unamerican
you know what's interesting is that
Ivanka Trump and others in the
administration are doing toward Donald
Savile just what he did with kim
jeong-hoon in that first of all Donald
Trump implements a policy where children
are snatched from the arms of their
parents and then after the chaos ensues
and he pays a political price for it he
changes the policy and then they
congratulate him
a few of them can get back together but
right now we're still waiting on how
many over 2000 there are over 2,000
children who are still separated and you
don't know how to do it no thank you
and we'll ruining the lives of those
many who are seeking asylum and coming
here the way many Americans got here
including by the way your great-great
grandparents your grandparents my
parents
and about a hundred of these children
are under the age of five and think
about it I want you guys to think of it
under a hundred children under the age
of five and don't let Donald Trump lie
to you many are coming here seeking
refugee status which is what the United
States of America has done for years
Donald Trump his own administration had
a study that showed that refugees over
the past decade have actually earned
this country made this country sixty
three million dollars or is it yeah
sixty three million so so Willie we were
talking about Ivanka Trump
congratulating her father for ending a
policy that he started that caused so
much human misery it's kind of like
Donald Trump thanking kim jeong-hoon for
releasing americans that Kim Jong gook
is holding huh it's like you're thanking
the person that created the policy that
created the pain and human suffering for
reversing that policy for trying to fix
a situation that they created out of
just the most base cynical political
motives Donald Trump of course having
our government snatch babies from their
mother's arms some how Alex how many
under the age of five hundred about a
hundred under the age of five as a
bargaining chip for Democrats so you
want to be congratulated for reversing
the policy he put in place under public
pressure but what didn't change was the
families that had already been separated
the number was 2000 there was an
important development yesterday that
gets lost in the firehose of news which
was that the HHS secretary came out and
said actually they're about three
thousand not two thousand under three
thousand children still separated from
their families so the question remains
all these
week Slayer why why are they still
separated it was great to see that
moment that we watched take place
I'm so happy after 55 days that woman
saw her 8 year old and who was being
held in conditions God knows we're under
under God knows which circumstances but
what about the other 3000 let's go you
said this is gonna happen you said they
were gonna be reunited get those kids
back with their parents you want credit
for stopping the policy but what about
the people who are already separated and
need to be with their parents and we
start saying nearly 3000 and that's
because the the government will not give
us an exact number
they will not an or could not provide us
with the numbers so they know exactly
how many children that's just not a
rounding thing for a headline so that's
really disturbing we're gonna go to
break take a look at this video again
because this is video that Laura
Ingraham says as a kid coming home from
the camp Ivanka Trump wants you to
believe that we should thank her father
for this even though he created this
situation and this child was separated
from her mother and her mother did not
know the fate of her child for 55 days
and homeland security secretary Kirsten
Nilson she calls these people
lawbreakers and hopes they will get the
message but then also like Ivanka Trump
twists the truth and says she's not
actually using these children as pawns
to send a message I'll be right back
they've already admitted they do thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
