as mentioned I'm Ari Melbourne I am in
for lawrence O'Donnell tonight as we
turn to the news the big headline here
is that Donald Trump did cave in to
pressure today he bowed to critics and
he out stood his EPA chief scott pruett
this story matters for many reasons but
among them is the fact that it shows
reporting pressure and accountability
still can work in Donald Trump's
Washington and it may not be a
coincidence that Donald Trump put this
news out today which is of course a
traditionally sleepy period after July
4th if Donald Trump has to cave maybe he
wants to do it during a holiday news
week when he thinks fewer people may not
notice but that's just the optics part
the substance is far more important and
the substance tonight that I can report
to you is Scott Pruitt's out Donald
Trump tweeting it today and then he told
reporters that while everyone knows the
controversies with Scott within the
agency he said we were extremely happy
that is largely false Pruitt was under
fire precisely because people within the
EPA blew the whistle on his conduct
reports ranging from making an aide find
a job for Pruitt's wife to spending 40
thousand dollars in taxpayer money on a
soundproof phone booth to trying to get
a discount on a used Trump Hotel
mattress to the bizarre errand he asked
his security detail to run buying up
scented lotion from the Ritz Hotel for
him that's just some of the scandals all
told there were 15 investigations of his
actions one of them already found that
he had broken the law
this was the ultimate in swampy behavior
Donald Trump ignored that in his speech
tonight telling supporters he's changing
Washington and draining the swamp
Washington tried to change us but
instead we are actually changing
Washington we've had a pick
we need Matt Rosendale in the Senate to
continue our fight to drain the swamp
we're gonna get it done now prove it
swamp rabbits may have been particularly
brazen and tone-deaf but he's not alone
Trump's Commerce Secretary recently
exposed for pocketing as much as 6
million dollars with improper divestment
to lathe his interior secretary under
pressure for dealings with the oil giant
Halliburton Trump's Treasury secretary
exposed for questionable taxpayer-funded
travel an issue that caused Trump's
health secretary his job already and
then of course there's Trump's housing
chief former presidential candidate ben
Carson he's actually probably the
closest Sapru and allegations of petty
fleecing like spending $31,000 to
redecorate his own office you take it
all together this is a portrait of greed
and self dealing and it's worth
remembering exactly who it is that's
acting this way the Trump cabinet is the
wealthiest in American history
millionaires and billionaires who argued
they would better prioritize the public
interest because they're already rich
and they'd have less temptation to
fleece the government that's an argument
but it hasn't worked out that way in
fact we are witnessing the exact
opposite a cabinet of entitled
one-percenters who appear so out of
touch sometimes they don't even realize
they're risking their jobs when they do
these things now this kind of greed is
often likened to pigging out which is of
course why greedy spending on behalf of
your own district or your own interest
is called pork barrel spending scott
pruett and tom price though they went
beyond even the usual Washington pigging
out in terms of their careers they
stuffed themselves to death like
suicidal geese trying to flog raw
themselves and even if Donald Trump
won't concede Pruitt's errors in his
speech tonight he did surrender through
his actions Trump is so obsessed with
spin that even if he takes a corrective
action for whatever reason like Houston
Pruett
then refuses to preach what he practiced
and while one embattled official leaves
this administration tonight
I guess the I don't know the laws of
trumpism kick in to reassert some kind
of balance in the force because here's
the other thing you need to know a
possibly more controversial figure is
joining this team former Fox News
co-president bill shine he will become
deputy chief of staff for communications
shine was part of Roger Ailes leadership
team accused in several lawsuits of
failing to address harassment at the
channel and former Fox News anchor megyn
kelly now an NBC anchor had publicly
said shine failed to act on credible
claims against O'Reilly that she brought
to him shine joins the White House after
heavy lobbying from the man reportedly
known as Trump's shadow chief of staff
Fox host Sean Hannity X Fox News boss
bill shine and talks to come become
White House communications director if
that's true I think it would be great
because he's great at his job and he's
one of the smartest people I have ever
known and one of the nicest people I've
ever known
or is what I know about it it's if I
didn't know anything it's none of your
business anyway
none of yo business I am joined by
Eugene Robinson polar Prize to Pulitzer
Prize winning writer for The Washington
Post as well as an MSNBC analyst
Jennifer Rubin a conservative opinion
writer at the Washington Post and MSNBC
analyst as well and David K Johnson a
Pulitzer Prize winning journalist who
found a DC report org and the author of
it's even worse than you think what the
Trump administration is doing to America
Jennifer on the staff and what does it
mean to you that Pruitt was finally out
stood and bill shine is on his way in
well let's always bill shine if he's the
nicest guy that Sean Hannity knows I'd
like to take a poll of the women at Fox
this in the middle of the me2 movement
which he mocked by the way in his rally
today is the sort of infuriating
behavior that has women fleeing the
Republican Party and you see that
ever-widening gender gap as far as Scott
Pruett goes I think part of the
motivation here was to get him out of
the way before the big Supreme Court
roll out on Monday because who once got
Pruitt
hanging around there's also now
allegations of improperly illegally
altering government documents so that's
out there but let's be honest Trump
didn't get rid of him for months and
months and Congress the Republican
Congress didn't exercise proper
oversight authority didn't subpoena
documents asked nicely for some
documents for some asked in some letters
but they didn't do their job anyone
anyway the biggest crook in this entire
administration is of course at the top
Donald Trump the fish rots from the head
that's the guy who has the major complex
of interest the foreign emoluments the
hiring of relatives the hiring of
relatives with conflicts of interest and
a entire attitude towards government
that this is all about him it's all
about making him even richer making him
richer and David on the Pruitt side in
the end the cabinet it's not a crazy
possibility that somebody who was both
independently wealthy and public service
minded could serve the FDR the Kennedys
though there are examples but it's
really not turning out that way do you
think that at some point there's a
critical mass where enough Pruitt's
happened and people think gosh maybe
Trump's not putting in the best people
well I don't know Donald's numbers have
been very very consistent with people
who believe he is their Savior but
Pruitt was a clownish and claudus
predator who donald used as one of those
he stocked the swamp with other than
draining it he's being replaced at least
on an interim basis by an actual
lobbyist for Murray energy the coal
company that worked hand in glove with
Scott Pruett and Donald Trump and with
Bill shine coming in you now have a man
who not only facilitated this Jennifer
points out all the sexual harassment
that went on at Fox News but who is a
very polished guy and who will know how
to make things look smoother and we'll
get out of the way people like Pruitt
and put in place much more clever much
more slithering creatures in the swamp
if Donald Trump is building up well and
that of course raises the question how
do you get smoother than Scott Pruett
given
his use of lotion Eugene it's true and
he probably exfoliated too as well but
but look scott pruett what it became a
gel coming what do you have to do to get
fired in this town
it was scandal after scandal after
scandal after scandal and and in a way
that's the story that he survived for so
long with so much of this bag and so
much that was just clearly not just
improper but beyond the pale but I think
David is right I think Trump is actually
trading up in terms of professionalism
in terms of ability to get stuff done
without creating controversies that you
don't need and so I presume you know
Andrew wheeler at EPA will continue the
policies that that Scott Pruett started
only he'll do it more more cleverly and
more professionally and and more quietly
and and just keep changing those
regulations well in terms of shining a
light on that Jennifer reading some of
the reporting here on mister wheeler
who's a new name because he's coming
into Pruitt's job today former coal
lobbyist who shares Pruitt's zeal to
undo environmental regulations but
unlike Pruett he's viewed as as
mentioned here tonight a consummate
Washington insider who avoids the
limelight has navigated the rules
wheelers friends and critics alike say
he could prove to be more effective than
his controversial former boss and
implementing Trump's deregulatory agenda
and I wonder whether this is sort of the
Mike Pence piece of the administration
there's all of the controversial and
sometimes frankly embarrassing conduct
around the more flamboyant members the
Trump administration but then beneath
that there is a hard right a group of
people moving much more quietly and if
so what if anything should be done about
that Jennifer well I think you're right
that in essence this is trading up
although Scott Pruett had a great
reputation he actually wasn't that
effective a lot of his efforts at
deregulation got tangled up in the
courts and he really certainly set the
ball in motion but he
get all that far on several major
initiatives including his scheme to get
rid of car mileage scan standards so
we'll see whether the new insider is a
little bit more slick a little bit more
clever but to be honest none of this is
going to change until Congress changes
because what we're missing right now is
a co-equal branch of government that's
willing to exercise oversight that's
entirely absent right now and so long as
Trump and his cronies are in power and
so long as the Republicans are giving
him a free pass nothing's really going
to change well but I wonder and let me
play a gene some of the pushback we've
seen because the the usual calculus in
Washington is you can wade out any story
and and eventually things will move on
and the Trump era things move very
quickly the Pruitts story seems to be
different in the pressure because there
was a reporting piece of all this
information there was a whistleblower
piece so Trump's own people speaking out
and there was a public peace I mean this
is this has got to be one of the more
well known and more disliked epa chiefs
in any party in a long time here was
this moment that sort of captured a lot
of civic imagination of someone
confronting Pruitt in person take a look
actually does protects our environment
and climate change seriously
gene this is a harder question but where
does that sort of activism fit in to
keeping things on the front burner on
the agenda in a way that actually
matters because certainly not every
civic debate we're having right now can
end with wait for the next election
whenever that may be
no I mean look as you said things move
so fast these days and and under this
administration that it is probably true
that you can kind of survive any one bad
story unless it's depending on how bad
it is but but Scott Pruett could not
survive 37 bad stories you could not
survive the accretion of you know
impropriety after outrage after insanity
that he just he ran through I mean it
just was not possible and he was
becoming a drag a political drag
potentially on on Republicans not
looking ahead to the midterm elections I
mean why would Republican senators
Republican House members wanna go out
and have to defend Scott through its
pursuit of Ritz Carlton lotion an ax and
a used mattress from the Trump Hotel I
mean why you know why would they have to
defend that they wouldn't want to fair I
mean I don't think anyone wants to even
talk about it let alone defend it and
yet here we are and I take
responsibility for anchoring the
conversation David there are a lot of
things that Donald Trump does that
really don't get the the criticism they
would if any other president did it I'm
gonna play for you Donald Trump tonight
I mean this is not the lead story but
here we are a week after this terrible
shooting in a newspaper here we are
talking about information we only know
because journalists have reported out
and this is what the president United
States is saying about the Free Press
tonight take a look they say a source
within the administration they make the
sources up they don't exist in many
cases anytime you say
you know I saw one of them said 15
anonymous sources I don't have 15 people
in the light I made forget it
15 anonymous sources have said all sorts
of stuff these are really bad people
David how do you view this and how do
you view confronting it in the context
of something that people talk about all
over the nation which is normalizing
this stuff people say well it's not
surprising well it may not be surprising
but it's certainly a problematic and in
a free democracy go ahead David it's
gonna be really important in journalism
that we point out the things that were
reported using anonymous sources play
out to be real but you know you started
this episode talking a segment talking
about the pressure on Trump that led to
Pruitt's resignation what Donald Trump
cannot survive is the disclosure of his
tax returns and in particular if he's
criminally indicted about them so at DC
report today we have a follow-up to my
New York Times op-ed on Donald Trump's
tax returns and how to get criminal
authority to the New York State Attorney
General to go after him because she's
made it clear she believes he's
committed tax crimes it will not happen
unless pressure is brought on a Democrat
Andrew Cuomo who would like to be
President and those he gets a firm
message you will authorize an
investigation of Trump's tax returns
Donald will keep sailing along and you
know he might get two terms but he
cannot survive disclosure of his tax
returns or a state indictment spoken by
a reporter who has come closer to parts
of the tax returns than just about
anyone else so an interesting point for
us to reflect on David Gina and Jennifer
thank you very much
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
