how far is former Trump lawyer Michael
Cohen going to distance himself from
Donald Trump well today
Trump's former lawyer hired one of the
top lawyers for the Clintons
a plot twist that you'd never believe in
a movie about this era but yes I can
report to you that Michael Cohen hired
none other than Lanny Davis who defended
Bill Clinton during impeachment and has
been a loyal adviser and surrogate
publicly for Hillary Clinton in her
campaign the New York Times reporting
Cohen preparing for a potential legal
onslaught from prosecutors and a
potential PR onslaught from Trump
associates the implication is that
they'd have something to create an
onslaught about maybe Cohen flipping he
recently fired his lawyers and brought
on a veteran of the federal prosecutors
office in New York as well and a friend
of Cohen telling CNN I brought up the
idea of a trump card and he said I don't
think so
I just don't think so he's certain in
his mind he has been dismissed
according to friend Cohen also said I
don't know what to think anymore so
Michael Cohen goes from being Trump's
most famous fixer to hiring a Hillary
Clinton loyalists and talks up his plans
to the media and that's not all while
everyone was hopefully enjoying the July
4th holiday that's the time Michael
Cohen picked to go to Donald Trump's
preferred medium twitter and change his
bio from personal attorney to president
Donald J Trump to something very
different a link to his professional
page at LinkedIn which notes that he
stopped serving as Trump's lawyer and
stopped serving as an executive at the
Trump Organization I'm joined now by
Mimi Roca former federal prosecutor as a
fellow at Pace University Law School and
Matt Miller a former spokesperson at the
DOJ under Eric Holder Matt any one of
these things may be over interpreted all
of them together what do you think it
certainly looks like Michael Cohen is
moving towards cooperating one of the
things about people who are involved in
these types of investigations have you
ever known anyone who's been caught up
in an investigation or represented
people caught up in them as I have is
that there is a distancing that has to
go that has to take place first there is
a very real practical distancing where
subjects of Investigations aren't
allowed to talk to each other anymore
lawyers tell them to communicate through
attorneys so there's this physical
distance and then there becomes an
emotional distance of eventually where
you see the subject or in this case most
likely the target of the investigation
Michael Cohen you know finally realize
that their interests diverge from the
interests of their friends their
associates the people that they might
otherwise protect and when that happens
that you see this kind of psychological
break where they start to look at their
interests first and decide that they're
gonna have to do what's best for them
what's best for their family which is of
course the words you saw Michael Cohen
used in his interview with George
Stephanopoulos last weeks when you take
all this together
it you know along with the the very
serious legal jeopardy that he seems to
be in and the very limited options he
has it does look like he is moving
towards you know cooperating winning
when the investigation gets to that
point me when you hear Matt talk about
the emotional distance he's certainly
are trying times for anyone looking at
federal jail time and then that kind of
liability and the search on his on his
material plus whatever he knows about
what's in there speak to that and yet at
the same time he hasn't been charged he
hasn't been charged but I think you know
all signs point to he's going to be and
you know while prosecutors don't usually
announce that ahead of time they've done
that in as many ways here as they could
by executing as we've discussed before
you know a search warrant that would
have required such a high threshold that
they wouldn't even have gone in if they
didn't have pretty good evidence and
then we know from you know this Special
Master process that they got so many
more documents but remember they just
got those million plus documents turned
over to them so they're going to need to
wrap their arms around those before they
charge him and it may be that they're
not in a position or really wanting to
meet with him even if he which he seems
to be willing to meet with them now
because they want to get their you know
get those documents and really dig into
them before they meet with him because
he's gonna be a cooperator if he becomes
one that they are going to want to test
his credibility extensively and the best
way to do that is to know your evidence
and know your documents ahead of time
even better than the person you're
questioning Matt what did you think when
you heard the Lanny Davis piece of all
this yeah look so I've you know come
across and Dell with many times in
politics is you probably have cover
you know he is a lawyer but I doubt very
much he's been hired as an attorney here
he's been hired he's a crisis
communications expert and what I think
that means is he's got probably two jobs
one it's he's gonna have to start
working on trying to rehabilitate
Michael Cohen's reputation I talked
about you know what the kind of you know
stage is that that potential defendant
subjects and targets and investigations
go through one of them is this real
sense of being aggrieved when they read
all these things about themselves in the
press every day and have very little
ability to respond because their lawyers
are telling them be quiet you have to
wait while this investigation proceeds
so I think you'll see Lanny at some
point out trying to you know put
whatever best spin he can on whatever it
is that Michael Cohen did but it I mean
just just to get into the point though
isn't it amazing that he's going for a
Clinton person I mean that what you just
described is for anyone at home
listening goes okay sure
a PR and having a lawyer do the PR who
might even have attorney-client
privilege is one way to do it but
there's a lot of lawyers who fit that
bill who aren't Hillary people yeah it's
exactly right and he certainly could
have found plenty of people in New York
plenty people in Washington who could do
that very same job my guess is you know
if someone like like Lanny Davis has
been through this kind of high stakes
Claudius member he worked on the Clinton
impeachment for President Clinton so
he's worked kind of in this similar
context where you have an investigation
that touches on the president so if
Michael Cohen finds himself you know at
war with the president with the
president's people coming after him
because he's cooperated
you know Lanny Davis is the type of
person who you could see going on TV to
represent Cohen to push back talking to
reporters lots of times talking to
reporters in ways that don't actually
show up and then you know in the
newspaper not in a named way try to push
back and defend his client to some
extent Rudy Giuliani who is much more of
an insider now than Cohen in this world
gives this statement out the telling
business insider he doesn't make
anything of this move to hire Davis and
quote he should have the attorneys who
he has the most confidence in Giuliani
says what do you think of the fact that
so many ghosts of 90s past doing all
this yeah look guy Petrillo
was hired to be the white-collar
criminal defense lawyer for this clearly
the fact that he hired someone so close
to Hillary Clinton I think I mean we've
been talking about messages that Michael
Cohen was sending in his interview you
know was he asking for a pardon the
and that and on this I respectfully
disagree with Michael avenatti I do not
think he was asking Trump for anything I
think he was telling Trump and he is
again now with this I'm done I'm you
know I'm done with you and as I think
Matt made the great point I think he
feels he it's almost like his breakup
it's his version of breaking up with
Trump he needs to do it in a semi-public
way make his statement he's also trying
to gain supporters and who are the
people who are gonna support Michael
Cohen right now Hillary Clinton
supporters that legally he does legally
he doesn't need supporters right I mean
legally the most important thing for him
is clearing his liability not where he
lands in our polarized legally
absolutely but this is clearly a man who
cares about his image and you know I
have said all along I think that if in
one Michael Cohen
does cooperate he will make a great
cooperator and this is part of why he is
someone who wants approval he wants to
be part of the crowd the in crowd for a
while for him it was Donald Trump and he
had his utmost loyalty now it's gonna be
Team USA and he is going almost like a
John Dean type thing I mean they were in
that era Dean was of course the enemy as
a Nixon guy until he was and when he
flipped over time he became a kind of a
hero absolutely and I think Cohen is
trying to remake himself into that and
cooperation it you know very likely will
be part of that one thing we have to
keep in mind though and I hate to be
debbie downer on this but the one thing
about the cooperation it does matter
what he has to give not everyone gets to
cooperate we're all assuming he has
something I think he probably does but
you know it depends how big it is and
how useful it is to the government I
don't think that makes you debbie downer
that makes you debbie legally precise
doesn't have the same ring to it but
certainly the the credibility and the
and the supplemental information that he
has goes to how valuable he'll be me me
debbie downer wrote good didn't want
that to stick or not matte you don't get
a nickname tonight I'll survive sorry
buddy control room saying gotta go it
just means they don't like these jokes
thank you both for your legal expertise
thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
