Trump's lawyer hiring Clinton's lawyer
this is significant Donald Trump's
former personal lawyer who of course you
know about Michael Cohen tonight I can
tell you has hired lanny davis a name
you may recognize he was a former top
lawyer in the Clinton White House a
longtime friend and advisor to Hillary
Clinton you see there one of many times
they've come together and he was a
public circuit for her campaign so this
move is the latest in Michael Cohen's
very public evolution from a die-hard
Trump loyalist who kept all secrets and
fixed all problems to what he's done
lately telling George Stephanopoulos
this week that his quote first loyalty
is now to his family and tonight Davis
confirming to us at NBC News that he has
been following this case that he read
Michael Cohen's words in that
Stephanopoulos interview and quote
recognized Cohen's sincerity Michael
Cohen deserves to tell his side of the
story and in a moment I can tell you
we'll have an exclusive live interview
with Donald Trump's longtime personal
lawyer Jay Goldberg who had Michael
Cohen's job before Michael Cohen but
first let's get into what this all means
Daniel Goldman is a former federal
prosecutor who has worked in the actual
office the Southern District of New York
that is investigating Cohen and david
korn was of course Washington bureau
chief for Mother Jones and an expert on
all things Russia gate including some of
the original leads in the Muller probe
that were farmed out to this federal
probe in Manhattan David when you look
at this when you look at Michael Cohen's
evolution and you look at Lanny Davis
someone you and I have crossed paths
with yeah as a lawyer and a political
what does it mean to you tonight
listen Lanny Davis worked for the woman
of whom the Trump crowd used to shout
lock her up in fact they may even shout
it tonight at that rally he's holding
out west so to have to bring Lanny Davis
into Michael cones inner circle inner
sanctum I mean if you care about Donald
Trump you ought to be really worried
because yes Lanny Davis is a lawyer he
will serve his clients needs
he's also a political player a spin
Meister who's written
books on how to spin who has an agenda
here which is to avenge Hillary Clinton
so if it ever comes to a to his advice
to Cohen on what to do you can't
separate his loyalty his fierce loyalty
to the Clintons and wanting to set
things straight after the 2016 election
with what he's going to be doing with
Michael Gray you used the word loyalty
David you know to put a little bit of a
Kendrick Lamar test on it can you
through go anyone who is more loyal over
more years to the Clintons publicly and
privately than lanny davis nobody I
remember going back to the 90s when they
had the whole Senate investigation into
Clinton campaign fundraising and he
Lanny would come out every day and spin
the media spin the reporters there like
myself covering this and he would say
the most ridiculous ludicrous things
that no one would buy but he was out
there doing the best he could to save
his friends and serve his agenda and now
he's giving advice to Michael Kohn I'm
sure there's a good godfather reference
here give me a few moments and I'll come
up with it but it's stunning well I mean
you need to know your five families well
in Daniel Goldman your office is
prosecuted some of those over the years
but it is beyond switching families it
is it is going against the Trump family
and no uncertain terms and again this is
a very different message than we heard
from Michael Cohen who once said he was
hoping that his links to Trump would be
as personal lawyer not for four years
but for eight take a listen to Trump
describing their relationship and then
Cohen describing it I'm going to be the
personal attorney to mr. Trump
can I assume that in that role not being
a government role that you'd have
attorney-client privilege with president
yes of course and that relationship
hopefully will last you know four not
four years but eight years the
attorney-client privilege that's being
suggested tonight is not between Cohen
and Trump but between Cohen and Hillary
loyalists Lanny Davis for sure and there
are many different facets of this now
one for certain is that this is a
continuation of Michael Cohen's
separation from Donald Trump Donald
Trump used the past-tense
for Michael Cohen's representation of
him a couple weeks ago now Michael Cohen
has changed his Twitter profile to
remove his his title as personal
attorney to Donald Trump and it's a
further continuation of Cohen going out
right here on the screen
he went from personal attorney to Donald
Trump on Twitter which we know as a
medium the president cares about - right
after Independence Day just a link and
removing that go ahead yeah absolutely
and it's the continuation of what he was
saying into George Stephanopoulos and it
is the assertion that he's making that
I'm going to figure out what is best for
me not what is best for Donald Trump
from a legal standpoint there's an
interesting angle to this as well which
is you have guys guy Petrillo is a
former Southern District of New York
chief of the Criminal Division he ran
all the prosecutors in that office he is
representing him and now you have Lanny
Davis who is an incredibly experienced
Washington insider and what it tells me
is that Michael Cohen is trying to
gather as good a legal team as he can to
fight a battle on two fronts not
necessarily fight but to deal with a
battle on two fronts you have the
southern district but we also know that
Muller is still looking into Cohen in
connection with some of Cohen's
activities with regard to Russians
either the Trump Tower Moscow or January
2017 delivering that Ukrainian peace
plan to Michael Flynn's desk and Lanny
Davis is someone who may be able to deal
with that Washington side of things
with Muller right what you're suggesting
is a road to potential cooperation where
a guy and people in New York can handle
that deal well what I'm suggesting is
that the first step in Michael Cohen
indicated that I think in the in the his
weekend interview is he has to figure
out what his jeopardy is what his
criminal exposure is and then he's got
to make a decision what to do I think
what is clear from that interview is
that Michael Cohen is going to do what's
best for Michael Cohen not what's best
for Donald Trump and that's why and
that's why the the public way that he's
identifying himself is so significant
and as you say any real lawyer strategy
is not gonna foreclose options it's
gonna try to develop multiple lot right
and he needs now to understand both
sides with that in mind David take a
listen to the man who held the job that
Michael Cohen had before him viewers of
the beat may remember Jay Goldberg is
someone that we've always found
interesting to talk to because he knows
of what he speaks both as a former
federal prosecutor and a former Trump
attorney I had spoken with him and he'd
said some things that seemed negative
about Cohen take a listen
yeah ask yourself and nobody's mentioned
why is he investigating Michael Kohn
know labor racketeering yes do you think
the feds may have evidence that Michael
Cohen fix things as you say for Trump
for the mob mob influence that made a
lot of headway at the time I'm now
joined exclusively and live by phone Jay
Goldberg who as I mentioned worked for
15 years as Donald Trump's lawyer and
has says he maintains attorney-client
confidentiality with the President as he
continues to advise him thank you for
making time on a night when this is the
number one story going on Jay which is
what is Michael Cohen a former Trump
lawyer up to how do you view his hiring
of these lawyers including Lanny Davis
and that he's in a cooperation mode but
you had to distinguish between
cooperation and the reliability of the
information that he imports to the
prosecutors he's savvy enough to know
the kinds of information that the
government is looking for and the cases
are replete with instances where people
have shaded the facts in an effort to
win the cooperation whether from the
government that it will enable the judge
to give them a lesser sentence so the
fact that he's cooperating doesn't
ensure that he'll be telling the truth
but I don't think there's any question
that cooperation is the order of the day
and if that's the case I'm gonna ask you
if cooperation is you put it as someone
who's intimately involved with some of
the players here if Michael Cohen is
moving towards cooperation how do you
think Donald Trump should view Michael
Cohen hiring someone so bound up with
Hillary Clinton you and I both know and
I think our viewers know there are
plenty of qualified lawyers to handle
this case who are not deep Hillary
Clinton loyalists well III think without
speaking to Donald I could safely say
that he'd be disappointed in the way in
which Michael has so clearly broken from
the pact somebody has brought him in
from the cold and I would expect that
it's the chief or the criminal division
and the question now is not simply
whether he'll cooperate but whether we
could be assured that he'll be telling
the truth
and after he decides to cooperate he'll
have to enter into what's known as a
witness cooperation agreement that's the
kind of agreement that would require him
to tell the truth but it also bolsters
his testimony because it indicates that
the
I has checked out what it is that he
says and found it to be so and this goes
into evidence during the trial and it's
very harmful to the defense but if the
defendant is convicted and there happens
to be a lie told by you the government
with us is sort of winked away and not
pursued like that J I understand that I
have one final question for you and I
take your point and our viewers take
your point in fairness which is you of
course have been loyal to Donald Trump
and you're saying it's possible there
could be a scenario where people are
being induced to cooperate and they may
provide material that is harmful to
Donald Trump but may not ultimately be a
hundred percent accurate and you have
every right to make that point let me
close by asking you is there anything
else you think Donald Trump can do to
limit his exposure here these Avia's
former lawyer Michael Cohen or has that
train left the station sir no I don't
think the Train is left the station and
I was very impressed
in an article carried by the Washington
Post which indicates how Shapley Trump
treated Michael Cole we want to build up
at this point a basis to believe that
there's hostility on the part of Michael
Cohen
towards Trump that would cause Michael
Cohen to shade the truth anything that
would support the credibility of Michael
Cole any statement by Trump that would
support the credibility of Michael Cohen
is a good person as a loyal person it
would be counterproductive to the Trump
camp I understand what you're saying and
Jay I always appreciate you coming on
lawyer to lawyer Jay Goldberg I'm making
time for us on a night when lawyers are
in the news Thank You Daniel and David
corner still with me david korn our
viewers are I think fairly sophisticated
and they probably know that we sometimes
get guests on this show who are speaking
not only to me and the viewers but to
the president which I think informs some
of what we just heard your analysis sir
well I think he's right I think you know
Trump certainly can't come out and say
ah Michael Kohn is a great guy
because
it seems like he's cooperating the only
thing that Michael Kohn has to cooperate
with you know to leverage to bargain
with is information on either Trump or
other members of the family of the
members of the organization and other
enterprises I mean the list is very long
we don't have the time to go through all
the possible things that Michael cones
being investigated for but yet there are
years of business steals in the Trump
Organization separate from what might or
might not have happened with the Russia
scandal that they could be interested in
- in the Southern District of New York
Cyrus Vance nearly prosecuted the Trump
and his kids for for fraud with the
Trump Soho project something that was
done with Felix aider and Michael Kohn
would have known information about that
I mean Michael cone knows a lot the only
thing worse than having someone
investigating you is having someone
investigate your lawyer and you know if
he's telling all I imagine it's gonna be
you know it's only it only works for him
if he tells the truth mmm if he doesn't
tell stuff too thoroughly then that
whole agreement falls apart so let me go
to Daniel on that about Trump as Sean is
worried about this in that office Daniel
J Goldberg raising two core points there
one maybe you don't believe a guy who's
desperate it needs to shade the truth
and two Donald Trump has no interest in
resuscitating Michael Cohen's
credibility right now well the second I
think is absolutely right now that he's
broken from him and whatever the reasons
are that he broke from him maybe because
of trumps activity himself his conduct
but J brings up a good point and that's
why this process will take some time
in order for Michael Cohen to cooperate
he is going to have to meet with
prosecutors and FBI agents for hours and
hours and hours and they're gonna have
to go through the four million documents
they got from the searches of his
apartment home and and a hotel plus
whatever other information they've
gotten over the past several months and
they will confront him with those and
they will have them to check what he's
saying to make sure it matches up and
ultimately all of that other information
including other witness statements will
be what we call corroborating evidence
and they will not sign him up to a
cooperation agreement unless that other
evidence matches up with
what he's saying so they're gonna vet
this and check this and unless they can
land it it's almost like you're
suggesting they've done this before once
or twice Daniel Goldman and David corn
on a very interesting set of
developments we did not expect lanny
davis his name to come up like this but
we don't predict the news we just
reported thanks to both of you hey I'm
already melbourne from MSNBC you can see
more of our videos right here or better
yet subscribe to our youtube channel
below you could have been anywhere in
the world that you're here with us and
we appreciate that
