Arthur top story tonight news about a
controversial news executive moving into
the White House Trump tapping former Fox
News executive and Roger Ailes ally
bills I'm to be the new deputy chief of
staff many politico's talk about how
Trump who spent his life as a well of
Manhattan media personality and an
apparent Democrat had taken over the
Republican Party in 2016 he did that by
squaring off against and ultimately
co-opting the GOP s most powerful
megaphone Fox News famously battling
then Fox anchor megyn kelly
he was also willing to clash with Roger
Ailes and Rupert Murdoch something that
actually scared most establishment
Republicans we know of course that Trump
triumphs 2016 began with Fox as a
kingmaker but ended with Roger Ailes out
and he was advising Trump's campaign and
Trump commanding loyalty at that channel
and Donald Trump knows transactional
relationships he went on to hire or talk
about hiring numerous Fox personalities
and some of those whom Trump has not
hired are actually the most influential
consider Sean Hannity often called a
shadow chief of staff who first
recommended this news tonight first
pushing the hiring of bill shine Hannity
even arranging private meetings for them
at mar-a-lago and then he used his own
show to push this idea forward X Fox
News boss bill shine and talks to come
become White House communications
director if that's true I think it would
be great because he's great at his job
and he's one of the smartest people I
have ever known and one of the nicest
people I've ever known or is what I know
about it it's if I didn't know anything
it's none of your business anyway what
it's none of your business that's sean
hannity telling his own audience that
his inside information isn't theirs to
hear a confession that he will literally
keep secrets for his political allies
out of an apparent loyalty against the
interests of his audience just like he
kept it a secret that he was retaining
trump lawyer Michael Cohen as his own
lawyer now shine clearly in better
graces with Trump than Michael Cohen
tonight even though the hire is also
controversial given significant
criticism that bill shine did not do
enough to address sexual harassment
claims against Fox hosts issues
led to the ousting of Bill O'Reilly
Roger Ailes and then Cheyne himself and
we're gonna cover this from a couple
important angles first I'm joined by
MSNBC contributor Sam cedar and Chicago
Tribune columnist Clarence page to look
at the politics a Sam why does it matter
if a president is hiring an executive
like this well I mean aside from his his
record in terms of dealing with with
sexual harassment right which we'll get
to the the relationship that he had with
Fox and the way that Fox has been
responding me to look Tony snow came and
worked for the bush administration but
there was some daylight between Fox and
the Bush administration at that time not
they were they were more focused on on
Republicans but in this instance it
seems like the entire network is there
to push Donald Trump's line and
perspective and I mean frankly it
it's disturbing too because you know
Sean Hannity the second most powerful
guy in the country we're not talking
exactly a brain trust here hmm and so I
think you know what we have is Donald
Trump increasingly speaking only to his
base and creating a second sort of
narrative of what has been going on if
you watch Fox for a day you will hear
none of what the rest of the world
essentially is reporting about the Trump
administration Clarence building on
Sam's points and and given your role as
a student of American politics there's
an argument that disclosure
let's say again and television and tell
of it well and we're on television right
now if you want to you want to get into
a CBS there right there's a there's a
larger argument right that the blurring
between the campaign season the
governing season predates Donald Trump
famous books like the permanent campaign
argue that but Donald Trump is plated
forward to the degree that in the hiring
of bill shine and all these other people
from Fox it's almost like the lack of
interest in governing has dropped to
zero and the interesting content is
somewhere near a hundred percent of his
focus do you view that as part of why
this is different or worse well I view
this as a continuation of something you
touched on a moment
and that is the Donald Trump is not just
the media TV president he is a medium in
himself he has enough clout there at Fox
now the relationship is so close that
they instruct him as far as information
goes and he instructs them at the same
time this is similar to what Masha
Gessen famous Russian journalist who has
written a lot about Vladimir Putin
points out that people thought Putin
wanted to control the Russian press and
he wound up controlling major Russian
media in less than two years and this is
what Donald Trump is following the model
of yeah but the media is our enemy
except for those who we have an
associate information with another Wars
our medium and that's Fox News it's
really that close of a relationship when
you hit that point it's very important
because you're talking not just about
battling the press which has been going
on since the founding that's why it was
the first amendment there was an
awareness that this would happen but
you're talking about something much more
theocratic or authoritarian which is
trying to actually replace the entire
press or the part of the press that's
most heard take a listen on that point
to Donald Trump in one of his bromance
interviews if you want to call it that
with Hannity you have been so great and
I'm very proud of you and you know I'm a
ratings person you notice I always
thought okay I'm very proud of you and
it's an honor to be on your show I have
to tell you that shows Clarence well
it's honor for him to be on Hannity's
show on Trump's Network I mean this is
that close of a relationship and both
sides benefit Fox and Trump both benefit
from this close relationship with the
source of stories that's kind of part of
Sean's snarky reference to you know none
of your business I got my secrets hahaha
but the fact is that they are very close
in terms of setting policy as well as
setting the public image Trump if one of
the great
great myths is that Donald Trump hates
the media as we've seen
he loves the media that he can
manipulate and he only hates them when
we don't cooperate in the way that he
would like so it's gonna be interesting
to see how effective bill shine is and
helping to implement that well he loves
ya he loves the media cuz he loves
attention and content what he hates his
journalism because by his own standing
by his own statements he doesn't believe
in public accountability Clarence page
thank you for joining this part of the
conversation Sam stay with me because we
want to turn to the other thing that is
as big a deal shines history at Fox and
he stepped down from the big title of
co-president amid these accusations that
he'd been enabling alleged sexual
misconduct by others at the network he
was named in multiple lawsuits and
allegations related to both sexual
harassment and racial discrimination
allegations at Fox now shine denies
these allegations
NBC's megyn kelly who of course was
previously there has said specifically
that she tried to complain to shine
about Bill O'Reilly alleged misconduct
O'Reilly suggestion that no one ever
complained about his behavior is false I
know because I complained bill shine
called me in response to my email
promising to deal with O'Reilly by a
p.m. that night O'Reilly had apparently
been dealt with and by that I mean he
was permitted with management's advance
notice and blessing to go on the air and
attack the company's harassment victims
yet again for more on this I'm joined by
New York Times investigative reporter
Megan to is she's part of the team at
the Times investigating many of these
stories spent four months working on
exposing Hollywood producer Harvey
Weinstein when you look at that part of
this put aside the political debate over
how white houses communicate what does
it tell you that today this is the
person being hired by US tax dollars at
the White House to take on such a big
role I think there's significant
symbolism here I mean the past year has
seen this me too movement take off we're
powerful men have been held accountable
for sexual misconduct Bill O'Reilly
Roger Ailes Harvey Weinstein and and you
know it's worth noting that Trump
himself faces more
than ten allegations of sexual
misconduct and while other people have
been forced to resign and have taken
other steps to you know either apologize
or put in place changes that their
companies or in their operations to make
sure that they are basically friendly to
two female employees the you know Trump
is today you know made official that he
is hiring somebody who is known you know
who's been accused of being an actual
enabler of the sexual the rampant sexual
harassment at Fox and yes chine denies
it but there have been allegations not
just from one person but from multiple
women well and then he was ousted from
Fox over this but now is getting
promoted to a plum position in the
federal government yeah that's exactly
right and it's also coming at a time
where these allegations against Trump
aren't just in his past he is currently
being sued by one of his accusers here
in New York Court you know summers
Airbus who was who was on the apprentice
and says that she suffered suffered
severe sexual harassment by him is suing
him for defamation here that's a case
that's moving forward the judge has
allowed it to move forward it has a it
has the potential to continue to
basically keep this issue of the sexual
misconduct allegations against him very
much alive and you know we've also he's
also dealing with the ongoing issues of
stormy Daniels and and Karen McDougal
and so it's just interesting that this
is this is a live issue for Trump this
isn't just in his past and he's bringing
in somebody who has been known to help
basically powerful men cover up and deal
with these allegations yeah I mean and I
think I I think meg is right too in
terms of it being not only symbolic but
it's a signal to I mean I think it's it
is again and I think you the point that
you made earlier about Trump is more
interested in the show than he is
any real agenda all right I mean he has
a couple of points that he's hit in
terms of of immigration and and whatnot
but beyond that I think really being
able to lay claim to certain wins is
more important than actually getting
them I mean I think that even when you
look at like what happened with North
Korea I think if he's going there if
getting peace with North Korea was
actually getting in the way of being
able to declare that he had gotten peace
with North Korea right because it
involves a lot of work that actually is
is painstaking I think he would opt for
the latter and I think bill shine both
signals I mean both has that expertise
right but also signals let me give he is
with those people and then I give make
it breathing the final word I mean
you're talking about basically you have
a head chef who's only interested in the
menu the words on the menu and not what
the actual food tastes like yeah I think
it's also worth noting that the
symbolism is not lost on the women who
did come forward with allegations of
sexual harassment and sexual misconduct
against these figures at Fox today
gretchen carlson who you know it was two
years ago I think today that she filed a
sexual harassment lawsuit against Roger
Ailes and she said the fact that you
know Shyne who you know was seen as
being you know one of these top enablers
at Fox for the sexual harassment that
was going on there the fact that his
that his the announcement of his hiring
was made today two years later she said
you know the world works in mysterious
ways what I think is a generous way I
think a lot of these accusers you've
seen the symbolism that it's a real sort
of slap in the face
well it goes it goes to the
undercurrents of the social movement
that you've been reporting on which is
finding different places for pressure in
the culture by the federal government
the Trump administration not responsive
and yet corporate America including even
Rupert Murdoch's Fox News more
responsive than the federal government
so I think if you want change there's
both positive and negative notes within
that Megan we'll be having you back I'm
sure Megan tui and Sam cedar thank you
both hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC
you can see more of our videos right
here or better yet subscribe to our
YouTube channel below you could have
been anywhere in the world that you're
here with us and we appreciate that
