mid mounting international backlash and
outcry over the alleged killing of
Jamaal chicagee NBC News has learned
that according to three people with
knowledge of the situation get this
Saudi Arabia's government is now
discussing a plan to admit that
khashoggi was killed after entering this
Saudi consulate in this temple okay one
of the three sources said he was told by
those close to the Saudi leadership that
the kingdom will claim now that rogue
operatives killed Khashoggi during an
interrogation where a redemption attempt
rendition attempt that went horribly
awry in other words they were just
trying to interview the guy or take him
back to Saudi anyway a spokeswoman for
the Saudi embassy in Washington did not
immediately respond to a request for
comment from us anyway we first caught a
glimpse of this new strategy when
President Trump twisted himself into a
pretzel defending the Saudi King catch
this we are going to leave nothing
uncovered with that being said the King
firmly denied any knowledge of it he
didn't really know maybe I don't want to
get into his mind but it sounded to me
like maybe these could have been rogue
killers who knows we're gonna try
getting to the bottom of it very soon
but his was a flat denial well late
today President Trump was asked about
the reports of the new Saudi narrative
let's watch I heard that but nobody
knows if it's an official report so far
just the rumor
it's not a rumor Democrat Chris Murphy
the senator from up there between had
been hearing their ridiculous rogue
killer's theory was where the Saudis
would go with this absolutely
extraordinary they were able to enlist
the president United States as their PR
agent to float this where are we today
Turkish investigators were finally
granted access to the consulate in
Istanbul to begin their joint
investigation of the Saudis catch this
after the cleaners were seen entering
the consulate there we go the clip that
whatever mess there was it's been over a
week since Jamal khashoggi went into
that Saudi consulate never to be seen or
heard from again by the way his
girlfriend his fiance was waiting
outside she left him will win stood
outside waiting for they come back out
he didn't come out that's a fact
who arms on my knee or a hack former
White House senior director and former
State Department senior advisor and
Democratic congressman Erika SWA well
from California we start with the
congressman because I do that here
beginning I'm gonna go to the expert as
well what do you make what do you make
of the fact that the president ID States
is bending himself like a pretzel
to go along with the latest horrible
ridiculous excuse for killing and
dismembering an American basically an
American journalist he has no moral
compass he likes people who like him he
likes people who invest in them and
guess what I just described to you the
Saudis the first place he went as a
president overseas they have you know
invested in his hotels when they come
over here and stay here and also you
know they had convinced him to kick out
Qatar and support the blockade that they
put on Qatar so this is just a continuum
of political why do you think the crown
prince is so sophisticated it's a
Western loving seems they get hip
approval from the Western press why did
he think he could get away with this
because he sees a permissive operating
environment in the world the United
States for many presidents Republicans
and Democrats have always been the moral
authority in the world this president
has extinguished that beacon with the
Russians killing in Great Britain with
Kim jong-in killing in Southeast Asia so
now it's just open season for leaders to
conduct these extradition killings that
we used to be the standard well he's
made it blatant that he actually loves
and adores a man who leads his people by
putting them in gulags and repressing
them and killing his family members
that's Kim jong-un so these are these
are strong signals to send to the rest
of the world but what the United States
will tolerate what it would you believe
the crown prince what that what that
took I think they were absolutely
waiting for an opportunity to get away
with murder and this is it they hated
this journalist so much they feared him
so much they're willing to kill and
dismember him remove him from that
constant in broad daylight and I'm glad
you called him a journalist and not what
they're saying which is a dissident he's
a man who was doing his job and
enforcing transparency on his government
that's not what the Saudis like the
Saudis have actually even started
putting people in prison for what they
call rumor mongering this week the press
is not the norm in the world anyway this
is not the first time the president
given creats to a individuals denial
it's part of a pattern with the press
let's watch I have president putin he
just said it's not Russia I will say
this I don't see any reason why it would
be I will tell you that President Putin
was extremely strong and powerful in his
denial today if you look at what what is
really going on and you look at all the
things that have happened over the last
48 hours he totally denies it he says it
didn't happen says he's innocent and I
think you have to remember that he said
very strongly yesterday that he's
innocent guys remember remember and now
you remember Morgan Freeman's character
in Shawshank he said none of us did it
you know the prisons are filled in May
why does he believe deniers of guilt
well the Central Park five didn't do it
actually proven that they didn't do it
and all the people that Donald Trump
believes tend to be of a certain type
right they tend to be older white men
who run autocratic countries or
dictatorships they're also dealing with
him right they're dealing with him and
he likes that frankly I think he would
enjoy running hit the United States the
way that MBS has been able to run his
country sorry where he doesn't have to
actually take into consideration anybody
else's opinion where he's able to
appoint his family members let's talk
about the Romanovs here the president's
appointed his son-in-law the the viceroy
for the middle east he's going to bring
a bit and look good for him if he can
pull it off but apparently the saudis a
big part of that could the saudis
supposedly going to underwrite a redraw
somewhere back to the 67 green line
which the trading and i will afford
something like that who wouldn't but is
that why he's afraid to attack the
saudis cuz they're gonna be the ones
they're gonna allow this to support
they're gonna support the frontline
states and when they go along with it
i think it's all about the money no it
really is all about the money with
donald trump but the blood the buying of
our guns well he can translate what
they're doing to jobs so he can tell the
American people don't screw up this
relationship because Raytheon won't like
it right military-industrial complex is
really hurting right now it's not like
we're selling cold
the Saudis selling weapons so that they
can run our operations as well hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
