instead of marching in fourth of July
parades or shaking hands and kissing
babies at backyard barbecues a group of
republican members of congress spent
their fourth of july behind putin's
curtain while in russia they sounded
with the washington post as today
describing as a conciliatory tone in
their meetings with government officials
republican senator richard shelby said
that the US and russia quote don't need
to be adversaries he added quote i'm not
here today to accuse Russia of this or
that those comments of verbal waving of
the white flag on the question of
Russian election interference the Post
reporting on the readout from Russian
officials confirms this with one Russian
official describing the meeting as quote
one of the easiest ones in my life the
Washington Post also reporting the
Republicans meeting in Moscow coming
after the lawmakers visited st.
Petersburg and took in the ballet
Sleeping Beauty help set the tone for
the July 16th Trump Putin's summit in
Helsinki scary stuff director Brennan
this is hitting the tone for this summit
well it is very scary first of all it
would have been much better if this was
a some type of bipartisan delegation of
course and also if there was going to be
a little bit more insight that the u.s.
press could have into this as opposed to
being done behind closed doors but then
the that comment of the Russian official
that this is one of the easiest ones in
memory have we forgotten what the
Russians did in the 2016 election have
we forgotten what the Russians did in
Crimea I'm all for improvement of
relations between Moscow and Washington
but it's on whose terms and how are we
going to do that and I just feel as
though mr. Trump is dealing away whether
it be to the North Koreans or the
russians whatever all of the things that
are in US national interests and giving
them what they want and this is you know
very concerning you know what it did
though that this is a broader picture of
why they go along with and participate
in the war on the Justice Department the
FBI they clearly have had lobotomies and
they now share his view on this is no
longer the Republican Party of John
McCain or Joe Lieberman or people who
were skeptical of Russia this is now the
party of Donald Trump when it comes to
the question and you're right no one
goes to a war zone or any other country
that we view as a geopolitical adversary
with just one party and with
zero presence of press well they've
attached themselves wholly to Donald
Trump and I think that they see the
results of the 2018 election as being a
basically a decision on Trump and so I
think what they're trying to do is to
pave the way and also lend their support
as well as lend their reputations and
credibility to this but I must tell you
the Russians will feign sincerity better
than anyone I've ever dealt with in my
life and so they'd be very careful about
being swept in and I think mr. Trump is
is not sophisticated enough
unfortunately to deal with these foreign
leaders in a manner that is going to
protect us and a security interest I
think he's not even these issues but but
that's Trump and and and we've been
having that conversation for months but
does it worry you that were absent any
guardrails in Congress well I don't see
the guardrails right now as you pointed
out unfortunately John McCain is not
there to help to tell his Republican
colleagues that this is not the way that
you conduct u.s. national security and
foreign policy unfortunately I think
there are individuals who are just
trying to think about what their
political interests are as opposed to
what the national security interests are
and what do you think about the idea
that these are the Republican members
who may at some point have to
contemplate a report from Bob Muller
about Russian interference in the 2016
election does it give you any pause that
they're there with the Russians going to
sleeping beauty no pres no Democrats
saying things like I'm not there to
question them about this or that this or
that is meddling in our 2016 election
and wanting to do it again in 2018
that's this and that's that well it
doesn't give me confidence that they're
going to deal with it in a very
objective and in a very fair fashion
that they haven't demonstrated backbone
yet and I think by going out to Russia
in this manner I think it has not shown
the American people that we are going to
deal with Russia in a manner that
protects our interest but and on July
4th moreover it just it does not make
sense and I know the PR the former flack
and me died a thousand deaths I mean
just just the optics of that how big of
a win is that I mean can we flip the
script and what what is this Putin go
back and high-five his schedulers for
getting a bunch of Republicans from the
Senate in Moscow in the fourth of July I
think Putin must be very very pleased
with how this is going
you know less than two weeks before the
summit with with Donald Trump to have
this delegation Republican senators
actually being wined and dined and
saying nice things about Russia and
Russian officials saying this is a very
easy meeting clearly I think Putin feels
that everything is smooth now and then
reports that you know whether or not
there's going to be a one-on-one meeting
and who's going to be in the meeting
with Trump and Putin is very very
important to make sure that there's
going to be no funny business let me put
it that way
that's gonna be going on there and
there's precedent for the president
wanting to meet one-on-one with Vladimir
Putin he did so on the sidelines of NATO
there wasn't even an American translator
there he relied on bottomer Putin's
translator that's unheard of and again I
think it just shows his inexperience as
well as the the lack of controls on him
and you know the presidents that worked
for in the past you know the Chiefs of
Staff and others would be right there
and making sure that the president
understood what are the equities it's a
stake and what's the important thing to
do well it seems like Donald Trump is
the one who's going to make these
decisions and I think unfortunately it's
frequently at the expense of our
national security
so you coin the term witting or
unwitting when you were under oath
testifying before Congress about the
role of or the potential role of Trump
campaign officials in in Russian
meddling or Russian shenanigans in the
election did these members of Congress
these these senators become witting or
unwitting agents of the Russian efforts
to sort of snow what their role was in
2016 do they give them some cover well I
think they did they didn't have to go to
Moscow it's one thing being in a
situation and all of a sudden you find
out that it's not what you expected but
they were the ones that went on their
own to Moscow they're the ones that
actually sat down with Russian officials
they're the ones that are I think
allowing themselves to be used and
exploited even just from a public
relations standpoint right now I don't
know what was discussed behind the
scenes I'm hoping that some of those
senators were tough maybe they were but
at least the perception is that they are
giving in at this point to the Russians
to just pave the way for the Trump Putin
summit
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list
see lots of other great videos
