bringing NBC's Hans Nichols at the White
House on this busy afternoon so just
last night the president was praising
him he praised him as we just heard in
that statement he put out on Twitter so
why now why is Scott Pruitt gone now do
we know if he was asked to leave or he
decided to leave well Chris we may have
two hints on that number one today is
the first day of the new deputy chief of
staff bill shine week in charge of
communications policy it may be that he
wanted a clean house and start afresh
and that this was one of his first acts
convincing president Trump to finally
let go of his EPA director we also heard
from congressional Democrats saying that
they had uncovered additional
information additional cases of Scott
Pruett asking people in the AP employees
to take out personal tack personal tasks
for him and his family what's also clear
now this news broke a little bit over
two hours ago is that yes the head of
the EPA is resigning but the direction
of the EPA has not changed Andrew
wheeler who's the deputy who will assume
the head is go is a former coal industry
lobbyist he's a lawyer he's a lobbyist
he's worked for all kinds of Industry
groups and what's clear from the
president throughout his defense of
Scott Pruett as well as celebrating
Andrew wheeler is that the direction of
the EPA will not change and this will
continue to be an EPA that is dedicated
to dismantling some of the regulatory
and environmental protections that were
put in place not just by President Obama
but by previous Republican presidents as
this president wants to do more to help
the business community first there any
indication though that this was coming I
mean the timing is really interesting
when you have a new communications
director coming on here maybe he just
didn't want maybe he was able to
convince the president wasn't about we
know the president watches social media
very quick very closely you had a I
would say unflattering bit of a
confrontation in a restaurant with a
woman going up to Scott Pruett that went
viral people watched it I think hundreds
of thousands of times anything that
suggested because I kept asking the
question how many scandals how many
ethical investigations is the magic
number maybe now we know it's 15 well
what we heard from the White House
throughout this process last two weeks
even two
was concern from senior officials you'd
hear it that they were troubling the
most recent one was troublesome but all
along there had been concern among
officials and it always appeared that
President Donald Trump supported Scott
Brooke his a he thought Scott Pruett was
being attacked and B he thought he was
being attacked for his 'take and his
approach on dismantling environmental
protections and that's something that
President Trump wanted to do so he
didn't want to give the other side the
Democrats the left necessarily a win on
this but really talking to aides here
for the last couple weeks me and my
colleagues I mean the most recent one
was troublesome that came from aboard a
gaggle Air Force one yesterday that they
found his behavior troublesome but a
couple weeks before would be troubling
so all along they've been concerned
among aides it's still unclear why
President Trump decided to make this
decision today and I think that's
something that we need to get to the
bottom of Hans Nichols I know you're
continuing to do reporting on this we
may talk to you again in this hour hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more Meet the Press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
