Health and Human Services Secretary Alex
azar just briefed reporters on his
department's latest actions regarding
separated migrant families
NBC News national security and justice
reporter Julia Ainsley was on that call
joining me now Julia what's the latest
so Andy I think a big takeaway here is
that there are nearly 3,000 children
that HHS is working to reunite we
previously thought they just had a
little over 2000 in their custody the
reason that number is bigger HHS says is
because the court order is requiring
them to look back even before Trump
started that zero tolerance policy so
these are children who were separated
perhaps before May 6 when that went to
effect they also think that some of
these children might have been separated
on their journey maybe by smugglers and
they don't understand that they weren't
actually separated by the US government
so they say the number could come down
but they have these very strict court
deadlines they need to comply with by
July 10th
that's just next week they'll need to
reunite about 100 children who were
under the age of 5 who were separated
and then the rest of the children
between the ages of 5 and 17 will have
to be reunited by July 26 another thing
they said Andrea which really underlines
our reporting from yesterday is that the
only children who have been reunited so
far are those who were reunited to be
deported with their families going
forward they'll be able to keep them
together but so far it's only been for
deportation
