political rights that many legal experts
including some prominent Republicans say
the fact that a judge was nominated by a
particular President is not a basis to
ask him or her to avoid all cases
connected to that president we go back
to Nixon and Watergate there were four
judges appointed by President Nixon one
William Rehnquist did recuse himself
from consideration of anything to do
with Watergate because he was actually
part of the Nixon administration but
this is an interesting topic if the guy
hires you nominates you for the job what
does the law say about your obligation
to the man well first of all the Supreme
Court justices are actually relatively
exempt from the recusal rules that even
other federal judges are required to
follow that said it is correct that a
judge whether it's a justice on the
Supreme Court or a federal judge should
not have to recuse themselves from all
cases involving the president who will
point to them that that is way too broad
we are in a very unique situation here
though we have a president who is facing
not only an unprecedented number of
civil and criminal liability questions
unprecedented but also a very credible
threat of impeachment I mean however
this turns out I being objective cannot
say that there is now not a real
possibility that there will be a report
and a recommendation to Congress and the
Senate and that they will at least
consider that question and that and that
questions will come out of that to the
Supreme Court that is unique the people
who have recused himself in the past as
you said you know Kagan who was
mentioned by Kelly O'Donnell Rehnquist
they had personal connections to these
circumstances in a job since they
actually worked for the president in
some sense this is different so I don't
think it's an it's a required recusal
even under the the rules that would
apply to federal judges but I think
recusal is as much about appearance and
people's faith in the justice system as
it is about what's required
I have a dozen not dozens of tweets from
people who lay people like myself who
are saying this president should not
being under investigation even be in a
position to nominate a judge at all
there are some people legal and ethical
scholars who have chimed in on that and
said maybe that's true look I agree with
that my first choice if I were sort of
putting these in order of how we should
analyze this is he should not get to
nominate someone until this
investigation is done that's the cory
booker book reviews are as i can tell i
think that even under the mcconnell
world you know he called obama a quote
lame-duck president and that's why he
didn't get to you nominate someone in
his view well i think someone who again
is facing a credible possibility of
impeachment is under serious criminal
investigation is not you know it could
be also considered a lame-duck president
and just you know for for the legitimacy
of the court for the again this some of
this is about the public view and we
want people to have faith in these is
right that's that's huge because right
now there are a lot of americans polls
continue to show don't have faith in the
media they don't have faith in some of
some of our federal institutions they
don't have faith in congress they don't
have faith in the presidency if people
also start to lose that faith in the
Supreme Court that's worrisome for the
fabric of society and democracy it is
now I will say there's one thing that
distinguishes or there are many things
but one important thing that
distinguishes the Supreme Court and all
federal judges that I do place great
weight on it I don't want to ignore it
which is lifetime tenure that is there
for a reason it is an excellent buffer
to you know the the things that we're
all concerned here with that somebody is
going to make a decision once on the
court because they feel the need to
return a favor or current favorite they
all need to I mean they're there until
they choose not to be then and you know
and so I I have I do have faith for the
most part in in federal judges and in
this process in large part because of
the the quality of the people and also
because of lifetime tenure but again
going back to very unique circumstances
the president and what he's facing and a
president who has shown himself to make
decisions in his governance and in his
policies that are about him and not
about the country
Brook have not you know he has opine in
the past we know that he doesn't think
that a sitting president should be
indicted right so now if he is picked
that may not be the reason but it will
cause people 100 percent to question is
that why Trump chosen because people
don't expect more of this president they
expect that kind of thing from him and
that's a real problem because we need
people to have faith in these
institutions hey MSNBC fans thanks for
checking out our youtube channel
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there and click on any of the
videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
