time for money power and politics it's
president Trump versus big business his
truck his Tara fight seems to be fueling
an all-out war with some of the biggest
corporate allies including executives at
GM and harley-davidson according to
Politico corporate Titans and market
analysts fear Trump is on the cusp of
damaging the American economy and that
he will not recognize the failure of his
approach until it's too late add to that
the US Chamber of Commerce a longtime
backer of Republican economic policy
denouncing the president's tariffs Ben
White is chief economic correspondent
for Politico and host of politico's
Money podcast when have we ever seen
this Ben when a president a Republican
president basically declaring war on
some major US companies you have to go
back a long way I talked to historians
for that article of Republican
presidencies and they couldn't come up
with examples where you have groups like
the Chamber of Commerce Business
Roundtable GM harley-davidson all saying
look we don't want these terrorists
particularly automotive industry Trump's
talking about 20 to 25% tariffs on all
imported cars nobody in the automotive
industry in the United States wants that
none of the big employers want that
because their supply chains are
completely global now they get parts
from abroad assemble the cars here sell
them abroad so and then you get farmers
who are worried about soybean exports to
China there are just not a lot of
constituencies inside corporate America
who want to see these tariffs go work
that inside his base because I mean you
you've got a situation where you have 40
countries according to Reuters at least
who are objecting to these tariffs
I mean people who vowed who he vowed he
was going to help on the campaign trail
what happens well you know he's counting
on that base to be with him even if they
see some short-term dislocations in
their industries that ultimately they'll
believe that he's fighting for them and
more manufacturing in the US we'll see
if that actually plays out we're about
to see these tariffs solar company I
think you word about this in your piece
laying off 40% of its workforce this is
where the rubber hits the road when
these things actually start to happen
and Friday we get 34 billion in tariffs
on
go into effect China expected to
retaliate then will retaliate back
that's when you start to see a real
impact of farmers in the u.s. unable to
access a Chinese market that soybeans
that's pork that's red states these are
people who voted for Trump who are gonna
be impacted and hurt by this I think
once it's not just rhetoric but real
economic reality he could start to lose
some of his base on this and that's when
you might have to change policy yeah and
even at that point as we said you know
if if they're right and here we're gonna
see this is it something that can just
be then turned around he says oh well
maybe I'll maybe this wasn't such a good
idea yeah that is you read that quote
about people fearing that it will be too
late once you realize this is wrong
terribly well too late is if you've got
you know 400 billion worth of
tit-for-tat tariffs on China and you've
got you know farmers in the United
States you have crops that are already
ready to go and then can't sell into
China that has an economic impact and
then watch the markets particularly
tomorrow when these things go into
effect see how China responds if there's
a big reaction in the market it may be
hard to walk that back it's not really
too late until we have lost NAFTA I
would say if NAFTA collapses then you've
really broken up supply chains in North
America that's economic impact that
cannot be easily reversed it's still
possible for Trump to see market
reaction anger among manufacturers and
farmers and say ok let me back off this
wasn't such a great idea or in his mind
everybody can pitch elates to him that's
his dream China says fine we don't want
to do this European Union says we don't
want to do this and they capitulate I
don't see that happening but it's not
completely implausible that he could win
some of them hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
