the Trump administration is set to
escalate its trade battles even as the
effect effects are beginning to be felt
by Americans the administration is
expected tomorrow to impose thirty four
billion dollars worth of additional
tariffs on Chinese goods Beijing has
vowed to take equal and immediate
retaliatory measures and there is
already evidence China is taking
measures against American companies
several US companies say China has
drastically increased random port and
border inspections over the last month
even ordering perishable goods into
quarantine and back to the US in
addition to stalling product approvals
and slowing up worker visa and licensing
applications and the New York Times
reports there is growing fear stateside
that Trump's proposals and trade
strategies are hurting the very
industries he has vowed to help among
them quote mr. Trump's recent threats to
impose impose tariffs on imports of
European autos could trigger a trade war
raising prices for all vehicles joining
us now Republican Congressman Tom Cole
of Oklahoma thank you very much for
being on the show this morning Thank You
congressman a belated happy fourth hope
yeah thank you very much Joe good fourth
of July okay tell us tell us if you
agree with the president that winning
trade Wars is easy no I don't think it's
easy and I start from the perspective of
a classic free trader but I do think the
president's trying to reset the table
and in some areas that's actually
necessary to do well what areas do you
think the tariffs are necessary I think
the Chinese I'll give you an example
actually my districts one of the leading
producers of tires in the world and a
number of years ago the Chinese were
dumping steel radial tires we went to
the WTO and actually sent retaliatory
tariffs at 35 percent lowering the 25
eventually ten until they change their
practices and they did I think that's
widely known you know frankly how
ruthless they are in terms of the theft
of intellectual property and frankly
again the size of the
trade deficit that we have with China
it's really not sustainable in the long
term privately they'll tell you that
themselves so yeah I don't think they're
particularly good actor on the world
scene when it comes to trade I think a
lot of countries around the world would
tell you the same thing you talk about
taking a case to the WTO and prevailing
and getting retaliatory tariffs on the
Chinese the president of course telling
people in his White House he wants
United States to leave the WTO would
that be a mistake
I think so I think the WTO provides some
stability frankly I think it I'd like to
see it act a little more quickly and I'm
not sure it's quite as fairs it always
ought to be but it still beats a sort of
dog-eat-dog international trading system
in my view what about you China I think
if you talk to most business people they
will tell you that over the past couple
of decades that China has not been a
good actor on the world stage
economically especially in the theft of
our intellectual property what about
what about though the president's
attacks on Canada the president's tax on
Mexico the attacks on Germany the
attacks on our allies in the EU would
you live there and suggest that he not
it's I would I would and I think there
again
for instance NAFTA's 20-plus years old
it's time to sit down and renegotiate
there's certainly some barriers that I'm
concerned about but we want to trade
surplus with Canada not a deficit
overall and frankly again these are
friends and allies I think you treat
them a little bit differently but again
I think just because somebody's your
friend and Ally politically and
militarily doesn't mean they don't try
to take advantages and economically and
I'm again that's just part of the way
the world works so I don't mind having
direct talks but again I see a big
difference between the Europeans the
Mexicans the Canadians than I do the
Chinese bob costas with the Washington
Post is with us and has a question Bob
good to see you congressman congressman
you have a wonderful state of Oklahoma
so does EPA Administrator Scott Pruett
is it time for him to resign you know
that's a decision for he and the
president to make with one
another but I'm certainly concerned with
these sort of mounting missteps I don't
see that they've impacted the way the
agency works but they've certainly
raised a lot of questions and in this
business you can't afford that what
specifically has raised questions to you
oh I just think the personal activities
of looking like you're you know bending
the rules to favor yourself personally
those things are troublesome I think
using staff for things that are clearly
personal you know soliciting positions
for a spouse those sorts of things seem
to me beyond the pale that the things
that again your opponents are going to
take advantage of and the things that
are unseemly want to ask you about the
president's separation policy that he
backed off on but it left to mm some
children in sort of in the balance not
knowing their fate and not knowing if
they'll be reunited with their families
and there's a lot of questions about
exactly what the status of those
children are a little bit of a problem
being able to see them and understand
the process the press seems to be
blocked out from that what do you think
of the policy first and then how it has
been handled understanding that the
issue of immigration is deeply
complicated and there are other bills
that could be put forward that could be
constructive but this policy
specifically what's your take on it
I think it's unsustainable unjustifiable
you just simply don't separate families
I think the president beat a hasty
retreat on that because the reaction to
it was so negative in a bipartisan sense
across the board and I think it was
right to do that I think we ought to be
bending every effort to try and put
these families back together it is
complicated the courts have made it
extremely difficult to actually hold
somebody who has a child
then frankly when you release them we've
had problems with catch and release
people not coming back
but we're just gonna have to work
through that at the end of the day the
country is never going to allow some
policy like that to stand nor should it
in my view but again as you pointed I've
dealt with this frankly because the
subcommittee that I chair funds Health
and Human Services I dealt with it
during the Obama years we're dealing
with it now it's a really vexing problem
the Obama administration itself went to
court lost some court cases on this sort
of thing in terms of trying to deal with
the families and that come because
frankly in some cases the families are
using the children as an excuse to get
here you could have gone to any embassy
in the country of origin and sought
asylum you can do it at the port of
entry without dividing your family and
when you cross the border you start
complicating the situation you prevent
you present the Border Patrol with an
almost impossible situation to deal with
david ignatius congressman I wanted to
ask you talking again about trade
whether there are voices in the
Republican party voices in Congress who
were beginning to say to the White House
don't push this much farther is there
any kind of pushback from from
Republicans saying we still need to be
the party of trade don't don't overdo
this
I think there's been quite a bit of
pushback I think sometimes gets lost
that almost immediately when the steel
and aluminum tariffs were announced
Kevin Brady who's chairman of ways and
means where trade policy centered in the
house put together a letter of over a
hundred Republican House members I was
one of them that raised concerns about
this and pushed back pretty hard
I think that's continuing obviously
we've seen Senator corkers efforts in
the United States Senate this is one
where look the Republican Party's
historically been a free-trade party
it's at least since the second world war
and I don't think that identity is going
away now the president's trying to reset
the table we've got some bad actors out
there like the Chinese and frankly we
have some friends they've taken
advantage of us because we've been a
little bit likes in this area so we
understand what he's trying
but we don't want to get in a trade war
we think it's ultimately damaging and we
think would ultimately undo a lot of the
good work the president's responsible
for in terms of the tax cut and the
deregulatory reform you know there are
all of us have have certain things I
think as Americans we think about on the
4th of July what makes this country so
special to us I'm curious what what do
you think when when it's the 4th of July
and you have a moment to reflect on on
your country it's funny you should say
I'll actually keep a journal and I was
writing in the journal yesterday I look
I think I'm one of the luckiest people
on the planet you win the human lottery
when you're born in America you know
I've been privileged and blessed to grow
up in freedom other people have paid a
heck of a price for that my dad was
career military my grandfather my
brother was Vietnam era I appreciate
their service but when you're in the
United States of America you've really
been blessed by you know the Almighty
and here in the freest the most diverse
most dynamic country in the world we've
been the leader for 242 years God
willing we will be for the next 242
years so I just don't see how you cannot
feel blessed and fortunate if you're an
American Congressman Tom Cole thank you
so much for being on this morning really
appreciate it and thank you for waking
up after after I'm through a full day of
parades and people don't understand when
they see Oklahoma City Oklahoma
that's like Pensacola Florida that
central time zone thank you so much all
right coming up we'll talk to a proud
American who was just as proud to see
England when a world cup penalty
shootout will explain that all next on
Morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
