joining me now Jason Furman the former
top economic adviser to President Obama
and Roberta Jacobson who just retired as
US ambassador to Mexico after 30 years
at the State Department also former
Assistant Secretary of State let's talk
about Mexico first Roberta tell me how
Obrador Lopez Obrador is going to be
different from Sonia Nieto well I think
this first president who is from neither
of the parties that have ruled Mexico
for a hundred years successfully painted
himself as an outsider and he will be
different in that he has said he will
focus on social programs he has
certainly in his campaign exploited the
public's disgust with corruption but
what he's going to do about it is very
unclear his Treasury Secretary was quick
to reassure investors this morning and
the markets that he would continue to be
fiscally and monetarily responsible so
it's unclear exactly where the biggest
differences will lie he's promised so
much in terms of social programs yet at
the same time as you say reassuring the
markets and then what does he do
regarding trade will he negotiate
renegotiating NAFTA with the US it's a
great question there was an interview by
someone who supposedly will be his nap -
negotiator about a week or so ago in
which he said they would definitely
continue the negotiations they'd like to
continue being part of or they'd like to
join the negotiating team during the
transition but that he thinks the
Mexican government currently has
actually taken a pretty good position on
NAFTA so they may go into those talks if
they continue with a similar perspective
but be pretty tough on things like it
has to be trilateral and not accepting
some of the tougher demands that the US
has made on the agricultural sector in
particular Jason Furman when we talk
about these trade deals and tariffs we
have Mary Bearer from GM warning that
the auto industry could really slump
because of the president's tariffs we
have Canada imposing new tariffs on
Canada Day
Saturday and the president still
doubling down on his threats against the
EU the chamber of commerce also weighing
in so the business roundtable
traditional republican-leaning business
groups all arguing that the president
has got this wrong
yeah Andrea I certainly agree with those
groups in this particular case the
problem is we're declaring trade war on
everyone over everything rather than
keeping our focus there are definitely
ways that NAFTA could be modernized and
renegotiated and by the way that was
something our administration had done as
part of the trans-pacific partnership
but you know waging war on Canada Mexico
Europe when you know the real issues are
with China is not a strategy that I
think anyone is very supportive of and
how does this position the president
going into meetings with that meetings
at NATO so he's going to see the
Europeans there he's been here to see
Vladimir Putin he's been trying to break
up the Western alliance president here
has been critical of Merkel of Nicole
Trudeau famously with language used
against a close ally that we've never
heard before ya know it's it's it's
frankly incomprehensible Andrea I mean
it's not like you know with Canada the
president tweeted multiple times about
their milk tariffs as we know they don't
even really collect those and we would
have gotten rid of them as part of TPP
so it often seems like he starts with
the grudge he has with another country
and then tries to figure out some
factoids to help support that
you know Grudge the latest one being
auto tariffs which they have on our
autos we have it on their SUVs now maybe
we should all get rid of all of those
but certainly we're not the aggrieved
party there now one of the problems with
the trade the two-way trade with Mexico
problems are benefits is that a typical
automobile as you guys know better than
I
moves back and forth across the Mexican
border seven or eight times before it is
completely fabricated so Roberta in
going against Mexico with these tariffs
aren't we hurting ourselves there's very
little that we can do to Mexico
certainly in the auto industry which is
one of the most integrated sectors that
won't hurt ourselves we we end up
shooting ourselves in the foot but there
are so many sectors that are integrated
like that aerospace the Wisconsin
governor comes to Mexico every year he
was down there right on the receiving
right and Scott Walker and his
lieutenant governor were there because
cheese is critical in that equation the
Mexicans will put tariffs and have
announced they will on things very
strategically bourbon pork cheese and
they're even considering corn and soy be
part of Lopez Obrador obradors Lopez
Obrador did not talk specifically about
those tariffs those were put on by the
current government but it's an example I
think what we've seen is these more than
just autos are very integrated a billion
six crosses the border every day in
goods and services and even more with
Canada and so there's no way to hurt
those neighbors in these integrated
sectors without seriously hurting
ourselves already and just finally is he
likely to go along with Mexico paying
for the wall I think I know the answer
that's one of the few things Andrea that
everybody in Mexico agrees on and the
answer is a large No okay Jason Furman
it's always great to see you Roberta
Jacobson ambassador thank you very much
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
