welcome back to our special all in 4th
of July fireworks show as we turn now to
the bombshells
get it of Scott Pruett Trump's
administrator of the EPA who is still
employed despite being involved in so
many scandals it's hard to keep track of
them all EPA Minister Scott Pruett has
spent more than 58,000 taxpayer dollars
on non commercial flights Pruett also
gave himself and listen to this an 18
person 24/7 security detail at a cost of
more than eight hundred and thirty
thousand dollars in just three months
Pruett used public money to have his
office swept for hidden listening
devices and bought sophisticated
biometric locks for additional security
and the EPA spent nearly twenty five
thousand dollars to build a soundproof
communications booth for Pruitt's office
Pruett has been routinely flying first
class such as a $1,600 first-class seat
to fly all the way from Washington DC to
New York the round-trip flight to Italy
that cost least seven thousand dollars
in the stupendously opulent business
class cabin on Emirates Airline last
summer more than I almost can't believe
this is true but it is more than a
hundred and twenty thousand dollars in
public money was spent for pro to take
one single trip to Italy Scott Pruett
took abroad from the wife of the top
energy lobbyist who gave Pruitt a
sweetheart deal on a condo through its
security detail broke down the door of
the condo when was a believe Pruitt was
unconscious need to be rescued he's
reportedly discovered waking up from a
nap Scott Pruett lied to Congress about
using private email have I ever heard of
that before using private email to talk
to Big Oil as Oklahoma Attorney General
in another corner of the Pruitt scandal
universes the news that Pruitt bypassed
the White House to give big raises to
two of his favorite aides you'll
remember Scott Pruett got in hot water
over a $50 a night apartment he rented
from a lobbyist DC who had business
before the EPA and now we know he once
bought a house with a lobbyist there's
another FOIA request unearthed twelve
silver fountain pens and personalized
journals that came in at the cost the
low low price of one thousand five
hundred and sixty dollars for the twelve
fountain friends spending fifteen
hundred dollars for
and pens is one thing but can you go
lower how about oh I don't know
getting a government employee to try to
buy you a used mattress from Donald
Trump
Scott Pruett enlisted in apa aid to help
his wife find a job with chick-fil-a
Pruett directed agents of his security
detail to drive him to multiple
locations in search of a particular
lotion on offer at ritz-carlton hotels
that must be some special lotion
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
