welcome back welcome back multiple
outlets are reporting that the Saudi
government is preparing to acknowledge
that journalist Jamar Kesho she died in
an interrogation it is important to note
that the sourcing by these news
organizations is anonymous and NBC News
or at least unnamed we should say and
NBC News doesn't have it confirmed on
our end at this point but President
Trump was just asked about these reports
and he did not offer a confirmation well
say I heard that but nobody knows if
it's an official report so far just
earlier today the president suggested
quote rogue killers were responsible for
what happened to khashoggi and so far he
has been reluctant to punish Saudi
Arabia with retribution like I don't
know cutting arms sales I don't know
what I don't want to do Boeing Lockheed
Raytheon all these company I don't want
to hurt jobs I don't want to lose an
order like that there are other ways of
punishing to use a word that's a pretty
harsh word but there's true I'm joined
now by Nick Kristof columnist for The
New York Times who wrote a piece over
the weekend about Saudi Crown Prince
Mohammed bin Salman titled if a prince
murders of journalists that's not a
hiccup and Washington Post national
security correspondent Shane Harris
who's been following this story the
president Nick has been as we just said
reluctant to do anything too harsh on
Saudi Arabia there's talk about how he
hits saying that there's gonna be very
something very strong will happen if it
finds he finds out it's true but but the
strongest thing that many people can
think of is trying to cut back on this
arms deal which Donald Trump also is is
mischaracterizing that's right I mean
look I think it was pathetic the way we
enabled the Saudi government and the
crown prince before this happened and
led him to believe that he could get
away with almost anything that's not
just the administration he's got plenty
of company in the US and I think then
after the murder of Jamal then it's
pathetic
that were not he's unwilling to talk
about
curbing weapon sales that expelling
ambassadors even about keeping our
Treasury secretary from going to Riyadh
and this is such a breach of
international norms and the idea now
that Saudi Arabia may set up a full guy
to claim this is some kind of rogue
operation this is you know this like OJ
Simpson looking for the killer it seems
a Bernard because they've been denying
it repeatedly so if the reports are true
that they're gonna try and find a way to
confirm it that would be interesting I
don't know if there's any consequences
for them outright denying it and then
and then confirming it but it's also
important to know would be what the
evidence shows so far and what we know
is that Jamal khashoggi
is on surveillance video Shane walking
into the the Saudi consulate in Turkey
and there is no surveillance video of
him walking out NBC News has reporting
that he looked at his text messages
before he got into the Saudi consulate
there's a read receipt once he was in
the Saudi consulate he has not seen a
single text message so the evidence that
we know of we can confirm is right there
the president Shane presumably has
access to a lot more intelligence than
any of us do and today he threw out
rogue actors I assume if there was any
evidence of rogue actors he'd offer it
after he said that or he might not I
mean it's not entirely clear to me why
he's suddenly coming up with this road
killers rogue I was just making it up
like the 400-pound man in his basement
that's possibly the road killer is the
new 400-pound man right and we're sort
of urging from skepticism and to
denialism like it has been with Russia
it's also interesting that he says that
and now we're hearing reports which we
have not confirmed with The Washington
Post that the Saudis may about to be
about to describe something that looks a
lot like rogue operation and of course
the President did talk to King Salman
this morning not long before he went out
on the White House lawn and made the
comment about rogue killers I mean you
mentioned the evidence that there is
from the from the texts from the
surveillance cameras it's been our
reporting as well that the Turks have
told the Americans have told American
intelligence officials they have audio
recording and it's my understanding from
talking
some sources today that I think that
that's a view that the United States
probably is prepared to believe that the
Turks have that it's not clear that
they've handed anything over so we're
now we're in this interesting point
where the Turks may have some kind of
more definitive information about what
happened inside the consulate it's not
entirely clear they've sent that over to
the Americans so that the Americans can
independently try to corroborate it
but now the president is going out
publicly and offering a theory about
what happened while we're getting
reports of a Saudi theory about to
emerge so it's a very it's a mess really
and and what we haven't really seen is a
definitive answer from any side about
what happened to this journalist this
falls into a pattern nick of the way
that Donald Trump embraces dictators the
way he embraces leaders who have
histories of very severe human rights
violations Vladimir Putin which he
acknowledged in that 60 minutes
interview last night Kim jong-un which
he was forced to acknowledge that 60
minutes interview last night when Leslie
saw presented him with the list of
things that he did and now we have MBS I
mean it's no secret that there's some
very serious human rights violations in
Saudi Arabia impunity has consequences
you let leaders know that they can do
worse and I think that's what happened
in the case of NBS my fear is that right
now it may well be in the interest of
Saudi Arabia of Turkey and the u.s. to
agree on some kind of a full guy who did
this why the but to protect Saudi Arabia
to protect the crown prince it's
certainly in Saudi Arabia's interest to
find some strong Turkey has been and in
saying that this is Saudi Arabia's fault
because Turkey doesn't want to rupture
relations with Saudi Arabia so that if
they can find some face-saving way to
show that yes there was a killing it
happened in the consulate but you know
but this wasn't necessarily mvs that
they can prevent that rupture that would
I think erdowan would would welcome that
and I think certainly Trump would
welcome that and yet it just flies in
the face of everything we know I mean
this wasn't a rogue operation the second
plane left Saudi Arabia too soon for
them to have known that that khashoggi
had died and
and so what we have is a crown prince
who got away with provoking near crisis
with Qatar who got away with kidnapping
the Lebanese prime minister who got away
with imprisoning women's rights
activists and got away with starving 8
million Yemenis he got away with all
that and so we thought he could get away
with killing a prominent journalist and
it looks like he may indeed the crown
prince who's build himself and tried to
build himself as a progressive in the
Saudi Arabian sense a moderator in these
Saudi Arabian cents he snookered us you
know he snookered the Trump
administration
he also snookered an awful lot of
Americans I think part and he talked
about the arms deal he promised 110
billion dollars and armor supplies it
isn't anything close to that now
remotely like that
I think also that a lot of people like
promissory notes saying that at some
point he might buy those arms and it
would be 2024 2030 - that's right but
it's not you know it's certainly not
money on the table might have there were
a lot of people who really wanted a
Middle East peace deal and thought that
he might deliver that and so they
suspended their rationality on this
interesting I mean the president didn't
bring up Middle East peace when he was
talking about why he would be reluctant
to punish Saudi Arabia he brought up the
arms deal but when you're looking at the
larger role of Saudi Arabia and Middle
East peace there's a lot of reporting
that's out there but Jared Kushner's
relationship with MBS Mohammed bin
Salman the prince the Crown Prince and
what he was hoping he would do for Jared
Kushner for his Middle East peace plan
his plan between with for peace between
the Israelis and the Palestinians Shane
yeah that's right I mean Mohammed bin
Salman and Jared Kushner they are sort
of where the relationship right now
between the US and the Saudis on a
senior policy level where that meets and
Jared Kushner really kind of put all of
his chips on Mohammed bin Salman and
spent a lot of time trying to persuade
intelligence and national security
officials that MBS was someone that they
could trust and they could deal with
that runs totally counter to
conversations I have been having since
before Mohammed bin Salman even became
the Crown Prince with US intelligence
officials who eyed him very warily they
saw his rise to power is something very
Swift quite ruthless and believe that
Jared Kushner was naive too
trusting this person and when you throw
into the mix potential business
conflicts of interest between Kushner
companies and the Trump Organization
that's cause this profound anxiety I
think within the national security
community about why it is that the
senior advisor to the president
continues to have this relationship with
the crown prince that nobody with any
experience in the government and this
region thinks is a good idea could say
the same about Donald Trump's
relationship with Vladimir Putin - I
guess Shayne Harris Shayne thank you
very much and Nick Kristof always good
to see you thank you hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
