welcome back joining us now co-author of
a documentary history of the United
States and host of the open mind on PBS
Alexander Heffner and here is an excerpt
from the latest chapter added to the
book on Trump's use of social media and
the 2016 election he found his voice
most on the social media platform
Twitter where he railed against a DC
swamp of political insiders if President
Obama had been the nation's YouTube
president Trump hijacked the political
process and media through his
all-consuming frequently disproven and
fictional tweets an architecture of anti
social media digital dirty tricks via
viral postings of 140 characters memes
and other manipulated data diminished
the public's capacity to know and
afforded new opportunities for
disinformation I'll say really good to
have you on the show I mean there's a
couple of different questions that I
think you address here and I'm curious
about about the book but obviously his
tweets are historical record so but but
many of them are untrue and you're right
there's almost like at this point
well there's it's almost like there is a
what is the word convolution of fact and
fiction in the American political
process that how does history record
this I think it's a decisive question
that you asked the reality is there's a
disconnect right we want to preserve the
authenticity of this moment in history
but we also want to capture the
integrity of the truth right and so we
have to include those tweets I hope I
pray they're an aberration that we can
restore civility and truth in our
political discourse but it was important
to both document those tweets and to say
many of them were fictional and at the
same time include Mark Zuckerberg
Facebook posts when he finally conceded
yes it was not a myth it was not a joke
the reality that this information was
disseminated on Facebook yeah and I hope
it's an aberration
and what happens when people don't
believe it though because I think that's
one of the things that as a journalist I
find most troubling is the the
willingness of people to take the
president's distortions and lies at face
value and say no no media you're the one
who's disseminating the fake news you're
the ones who are lying to us well
ultimately I think it's our citizens
responsibility to heed what Gerald Ford
did in his inaugural address which was
the truth is what binds our government
and our civilization and that's a
document that I hope has long-standing
relevance to this Republic unmolested by
Donald Trump and his rhetoric boy
there's a lot that can be said right
there
so David Ignatius and Jon Meacham David
I remember you ending the show one day
your final thought was that the truth is
in jeopardy the truth is at risk and it
was one of the many days where the
President himself had manipulated the
truth do you have a question for
Alexander I do i you know mica we talked
about the post post truth era that we've
entered it's a frightening thought and i
want to ask alexander one thing that
concerns me about Trump's tweets but but
tweets in general is that they're not in
any way mediated in some ways that's the
best thing about them the direct
communication of person-to-person but
there's no curation what do you think
about that about that problem do you
think there's a solution that doesn't
take away the inherent spontaneity and
freedom of the of this new medium but in
some way it keeps better filters on it
I think Twitter's job here is to ensure
that the American people have context
because absent context we're not going
to be able to preserve I think the
nuance and sophistication that this
Republic was founded on it was founded
on ideals the Four Freedoms for instance
are in this book it's really I think
essential that we go back to the
documents here that have that
architecture the integrity you know to
speak to the ideals of our democracy
freedom to worship freedom of speech
freedom from want freedom from fear
because they are so relevant to this
ongoing political revolution the rise of
populism and democracy under duress Jon
Meacham so the Four Freedoms is one can
we do a lightning round one of the other
speeches that we should know well I
think that there are speeches here that
speak to our political history and there
are documents that also speak to our
media history so Littman and Murrow are
represented here and they share with our
readers and your viewers the importance
that in Merl realized this from the
outset of the creation of television
that we have a 24/7 he even uses that
24/7 responsibility to preserve fact and
truth on the airwaves and when he spoke
to the broadcaster's Association and
when LBJ spoke to broadcasters he
reinforced when he decided not to run
for re-election the significance of
television as a medium because if you
look at what is on social media it is
really just clips from your show other
shows we've preserved that architecture
of video it is integral to the business
model of Facebook in Twitter and so this
medium this table right here I think
they're they're fundamental to our
understanding and to our heritage as
Americans so the Twitter probably has an
outsized influence on people like us
because we use it as a feedback
mechanism and it's sort of this self
reinforcing loop right so it's not just
Donald Trump who influences the
conversation but Democrats have their
own in loop and if we see that in the
context of this upcoming fight over the
Supreme Court we see a lot of focus on
Roe as a litmus test probably to the
detriment of a lot of other judicial
philosophies that are perhaps more
broader and have a more wide-ranging
impact on our policies original
originalism versus textualism activism
the living Constitution you don't see
anybody talking about that - what are we
eating ourselves out of a debate so
that's so important this book shows the
evolution but also the devolution
you know the regression of
constitutional norms so Trump's tweets I
hope are an aberration in tone and
substance but also the Dred Scott
decision is in this book and that was an
aberration and ultimately we learned
through our Supreme Court and as
Americans that we do value the
contributions of every citizen and so
there are moments in this book when you
reflect that it's really a frightening
time because people were degraded our
democracy and human rights were degraded
so it is important to recognize that
there is a living Society and therefore
there has to be a living Constitution in
some respect
before we go Jon Meacham what are your
top five speeches in American history
like soul of America ago the whole the
whole history Oh Lord Gettysburg Address
the first inaugural of FDR not least
because he said we have nothing to fear
but fear itself honey also the biggest
cheer from the crowd came when he called
for wartime executive powers and that
chilled Eleanor Roosevelt it's a
reminder that even amid the great
moments we look back on there was always
contention and and trouble I think also
we just lost Richard a good one I don't
think any conversation about American
rhetoric is complete without Lyndon
Johnson's 1965 Voting Rights Act speech
where he says we shall overcome which
Goodwin wrote hung over in a couple
hours and it's a confirmation to all of
us inspiration that if we wait long
enough inspiration will strike and I
think more and more Ronald Reagan's
farewell address where he said oh he'd
always spoken about the shining city on
a hill which Reagan's the only man I
know who can improve on Jesus jesus said
city on a hill
Reagan added shining and now even
ministers think Jesus said shining but
he said all the pilgrims from all the
lost places are hurtling through the
darkness toward home and we're home love
it not boring at all Thank You Meechum
the book is a documentary history of the
United States Alexander Heffner Saint
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
