also on this holiday Eve we've had a no
notice surprise drop of this little
bombshell from the Intelligence
Committee in the US Senate quote the
Senate Select Committee on Intelligence
is conducting a bipartisan investigation
into a wide range of Russian activities
relating to the 2016 US presidential
election while elements of the
investigation are ongoing the committee
is releasing initial unclassified
findings on a rolling basis as distinct
pieces of the investigation conclude the
committee has now concluded an in-depth
review of the intelligence community
assessment produced by the CIA the NSA
and the FBI in January 2017 on Russian
interference in the 2016 US presidential
election the committee has initial
findings to share with the American
people the committee finds that the
intelligence community assessment about
Russian meddling in the election is
quote a sound intelligence product quote
in all of the reviews with those who
drafted and prepared the intelligence
community assessment the committee heard
consistently that analysts were under no
politically motivated pressure to reach
any conclusions all analysts expressed
that they were free to debate object to
content and assess confidence levels as
is normal and proper for the analytic
process as the inquiry has progressed
since January 2017 the committee has
also seen additional examples of
Russia's attempts to sow discord
undermine democratic institutions and
interfere in u.s. elections quote the
committee concurs with intelligence and
open source assessments that the Russian
influence campaign was approved by
President Putin quote Moscow did seek to
denigrate Secretary Clinton so this is a
resounding statement from the
Intelligence Committee in the Senate
saying when that report came out from
the NSA and the FBI and the CIA in
January 2017 as the Obama administration
was leaving and the Trump administration
was about to be sworn in that
intelligence community assessment that
said Russia had meddled in the election
to try to throw the election to trump
now the Intelligence Committee in the
Senate the bipartisan Intelligence
Committee both Republicans and Democrats
are saying yeah that intelligence
community report that was sound
and and over time it's only been more
proven out by what we have learned since
now in contrast this past week President
Trump has literally quoted Vladimir
Putin and the Russian government and
their denials that they ever meddled in
the 2016 election the intelligence
community assessment from January of
last year says oh yes they did and now
this bipartisan note - sent Senate
report on that intelligence finding says
that it's bulletproof quote the
committee believes the conclusions of
the intelligence community assessment
are sound and notes that collection and
analysis subsequent to the assessments
publication continue to reinforce its
assessments right so right this this
this seems important particularly given
the fact that the sitting president of
the United States keeps denying that
Russia ever did this this is an
important report why did the
Intelligence Committee sneak this out
the door with no notice no announcement
on the night before the fourth of July
they've released this big unequivocal
report took a month to do it it directly
contradicts the current assertions of
the president you know President of the
United States it directly contradicts
the president's defenders in the House
of Representatives who have said oh yeah
the intelligence community they don't
know what they're talking about Russia
didn't do nothing as far as we can tell
right this is a big deal
from the Senate Intelligence Committee
it's this is controversial this is big
news but they have timed its release and
not announced its release in a way that
is designed to ensure as little news
coverage of this as possible
see this is why it's good you're here
this is why it's always good to watch
the news on Friday nights and the night
before a holiday any time when people
are apparently counting on you not to be
watching the news that is what it's
that's what it pays to be here
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
