move over lotion gate scott pruett
ethics problems are getting worse and
his own aides are now speaking out one
aides saying Pruitt asked for help to
get his wife get a six-figure job with
the Republican attorneys general
Association a group Pruitt was actually
once chairman of believe it or not he
asked his twenty five-year-old staffers
to put hotel reservations on their
personal credit cards instead of his
then refused to pay them back
Pruitt's deputy chief of staff for
operations disclosing he kept a secret
calendar to hide controversial meetings
those are just the headlines today it
comes as we see this video going viral a
teacher kristin mink confronting Pruitt
in a restaurant with her two-year-old
son asking him to resign watch
your air equals everybody you can
actually just protects our environment
and climate change
alright Kristen mink joins me now
Kristen thank you very much for for
joining us I have a lot of questions I
want to start off by asking you if you
can walk us through what made you
approach Scott Pruett with your son walk
us through that moment well as soon as
as soon as I realized that he was there
I knew instantly that I that I had to
talk to him that I had to use that
opportunity I feel strongly that it is
my right as a citizen I pay his bills
I'm a taxpayer as my it's my
responsibility as a mother so I knew
right away that I wanted to approach him
I know that we see a little bit of
Pruitt's reaction in the video but give
us more of the context did he say
anything to you throughout that at all
did anyone around him say anything to
how did how did Pruett react how would
you describe his reaction well as I
walked up to him he you know smiled and
he said hello and I you know as I asked
for you know if he was indeed mr. pruin
he smiled and you know I don't know if
he thought you know that maybe I was
like a super fan of his who spotted him
across the restaurant you know but he
gave me a friendly friendly hello there
you know and then of course I suggested
that he resign and then he stopped
smiling you know and then he looked kind
of annoyed I'll say at that point and I
then as I started listing off some of
his scandals and named some of the
specifics there then his demeanor really
changed he could he stiffened up and he
looked angrier and more uncomfortable
did he had any points say anything to
you about any of the comments that you
were making to him no he didn't he
stayed silent through the through the
entire thing he had no defense no
explanation no apology no confirmation
of his impending resignation yeah okay
so you seem to be pretty confident he's
gonna be resigning maybe you know
something that we don't know maybe maybe
he told you something
let me put you this soundbite from
President Trump talking about Scott
Pruett last month
Scott Pruett is doing a great job within
the walls of the
setting records outside he's being
attacked very viciously by the press I'm
not saying that he's blameless we'll see
what happened
so obviously you disagree with president
Trump's assessment of what he's doing
and how he's doing his job give us a
sense of what are some of the complaints
that you have against Scott Pruitt as
the head of the EPA you listed some of
the scandals that he was involved in
well first of all I'll just I'll just
say quickly that that it's it's almost
funny if it wasn't so tragic to see our
president president Trump saying you
know I'm not saying he's blameless when
here is the man who is entirely to blame
for the situation at hand for the
decisions that are being made by the EPA
so that I mean that's just really
ludicrous so yeah good job Trump but
yeah so we've got that we've got the
scandals we've got his misuse of
taxpayer dollars more of which is still
coming out now even his aides are
speaking out now against him it's time
for you to go Scott Pruett
yeah he's spending taxpayer dollars on
things like first-class flights on
tactical pants a $1,500 pair of tactical
pants what do you need tactical pants
for Scott Pruett I gotta ask you really
quickly Kristin you seem to know a lot
of the details involving Scott Pruett I
assume you're obviously politically
aware not just from reading the news but
very vested in all of this had you ever
done anything like this in the past
where you'd see in a politician maybe
someone you disagreed with and
confronted him about issues and scandals
I had not I'll say this is this is not
my not my wheelhouse
you know approaching strangers and
restaurants but you know I saw an
opportunity and I and I really felt
strongly that I had to take that
opportunity I've been involved in you
know some protests and and things of
that nature but this was nothing planned
this wasn't something that I was
approaching you know even as an activist
or anything like that I really was
coming to this as a mother you know I
was there with my child and and this is
a huge concern that I have for for my
child's future for the future of all of
our children for the next generation and
here is the man who is actively
sacrificing our children's water their
clean air our natural resources
this man is actively sacrificing those
things for personal gain and it disgusts
me and
I'd like to see him out of his position
let me why than the conversation a bit
to something that has been somewhat
taking place you're probably aware with
Sarah suck could be Sarah Huckabee
Sanders excuse me going to the red hen
restaurant being asked to leave Kerstin
Nielsen was at a restaurant the Homeland
Security Secretary and protesters
approached her there as well and it's
it's ignited this debate about civility
and about the role of citizens if
whether or not they should be
confronting cabinet members or
politicians if they disagree with and I
wanted to get your thoughts about the
issue of civility do you think that what
you did may have crossed the line that
there is a private moment in a public
moment for these officials and you are
definitely in that private moment well
let me say this first is that I think
that this whole debate about civility is
a waste of time and I wish that that the
left would stop talking about it because
civility is not the issue here you have
people who are speaking up there's no
violence involved you know this is
literally people voicing what it is they
care about to the people whose salaries
they pay right so if they want to then
turn that conversation away from the
issues and to oh it's not the right time
it's not the right place you're not
doing your job if you're doing your job
properly as a civil servant you want to
hear from the people who are paying your
taxes you want to hear from the people
who you're supposed to be supporting and
taking care of so the issue here is not
civility and the whole idea obviously
this shouldn't even need to be said but
the whole idea of talking about civility
is ridiculous considering who we have as
our president who has done so many
things that are outside the box of
civility and kindness and goodness so so
it's ridiculous to even spend time on
this you know and I know that
representative Maxine Waters you know
made some comments about this and that
some people on the Left have not been
supportive of her and I think that's
ridiculous so we should not be spending
time nitpicking people who want to
criticize others for simply speaking out
about what they believe in and I think
that it's my it's my right as a citizen
it's my responsibility as a mother and
and the same thing goes for everybody
else in America alright Kristen I want
to ask you to stick around with me just
a little bit I want to bring in Chicago
Tribune columnist Clarence page into
this conversation clearance it's great
have you with us first let me play for
you what conservative conservative
political commentator Eric Bolling said
today about Priya tikka listen you're a
public servant you're you're serving at
the past of the president but you're
also serving the public I don't think
anyone out there on either side of the
aisle or the middle would say that what
what Scott Pruett has been doing is
serving the public it sounds more like
he's Scott Pruett is serving Scott
Pruett what is your reaction to that
clearance what's your assessment of how
Scott Pruett is doing and when you're
hearing conservative commentators like
that also saying
Scott Pruett is not serving anybody but
Scott Pruett yeah it's kind of a
different experience for me to hear Eric
Bolling criticizing a fellow
conservative like that but I can't say
it's not well deserved everybody knows
what some post behavior and his
attitudes have been like here's his
amount of former attorney general who
has one head for the law another for
ethics he seems to be entirely blind or
or a tone deaf to ethics certainly and
we've seen this repeatedly and I hear we
have a situation where he has been
confronted by a citizen out there in the
a regular dining world and although I've
editorialized against this sort of a
demonstration in public I can't say that
it wasn't well deserved in Pruitt's case
so it to be clear what do you make of
what Kristin did and what others have
done with other members of this
administration be Kristin Nielsen or
Sarah Huckabee Sanders well I'm old
enough to remember the original sit-ins
down in North Carolina that started the
60s in a phase of the civil rights
movement and it's ironic to me than the
old days you protested by sitting down
in a restaurant and now you're protest
by interrupting somebody else's meal
however however this is a natural
consequence of the atmosphere that we're
living in these days a lot of people are
very angry for a lot of different
reasons and don't feel like they should
hold back from at least conveying how
they feel and Kristin's quite right if
this was was a peaceful nonviolent
expression and it's one that I hope we
could find better ways for the public to
be able to communicate with our leaders
than having
their dinners but I certainly understand
why people are doing it this way Kristin
I wanted to ask you do you feel that one
of the reasons why you had to confront
Scott Pruett is that other avenues for
you may be closed or you felt that his
voice that you wouldn't have access to
him in any other way I mean do you feel
that this is a national moment for these
types of disruptions and protests to
take place I mean this is a way to have
our voices heard right now you know
Democrats don't have a whole lot of
power in government right now as you can
see and those are my representatives so
this is the way that I have to have my
voice heard now I will say Scott Pruett
if you're watching I would love to sit
down at a time when I'm not interrupting
your lunch and we can have a perfectly
civil conversation about it if you want
to have a talk at another time and you
would like to you know grant me access
in that way I would love to sit down and
talk with you in more detail I'll buy
you lunch
okay Chris or what Kristin why he may
actually take you up on that no way no
way he's been asking for favors let me
ask you though Kristin widen widen need
to film it why did you feel the need to
film this and then put it online and it
wasn't was it your intent to have it go
viral oh I I mean I did not anticipate
it going viral I will say that I
probably would not have kept my son with
me if I had realized that it would go
viral I mean to me this was I was like
that you know this isn't that exciting
of a conversation but going up walking
up there I felt safer having a camera on
me for one
Scott Pruett had a couple security
guards there a table over I didn't know
if they would try to you know stop me or
interrupt me and so I felt like I was
more likely to get to Scott Pruett if I
if I had the camera there and to be able
to have that conversation with him like
call it conversation but he didn't have
anything to say clearly and you know and
and then and then posting it I figured
you know whoever sees it sees it you
know maybe somebody feels empowered by
it but you know and either of course
there was always the chance that Scott
Pruett would say something of value you
know you want to have that on tape
he didn't clearly but you know if you
just took you up on the lunch offer
please come back and let us know because
we certainly want an interview after
that conversation Clarence page I want
to give you the final thoughts on this
incident just what are you thinking
about the national discourse with these
exam
with Scott Pruett himself what do you
recommend Scott Pruett do at this stage
given all the scandals that we keep
hearing about I want to say resign I do
believe in a proper giving people their
due process in any case though the level
of scandals that he has generated are
astounding to me that's more astounding
is how our president Trump puts up with
it I think in some ways he is once again
showing his own rebellious nature and
I'm fluffing up his image by keeping
Pruett on I don't see how he is that
valuable for the administration but the
thing that I want to speak to what
christen was saying earlier about the
civility debate I agree with her that it
is indeed a shame that we are talking
about civility but only on one side it's
rather remarkable to me that liberals
are bending over backwards to express
their civility and call for it well on
the Trump side we see very little
respect for it until someone is uncivil
toward them that's a rather one-way
dialogue Krista and I both about parents
and we know we try to raise our kids
better than that I wish my Washington
leaders would behave better than that
hey I'm REI Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
