joining me now is the woman who
confronted Scott Pruett Kristen mink
Kristen thank you for joining us
Christine you are a teacher I I was
trying to glean first of all what
happened after that confrontation did
Scott Pruett say anything to you what
happened what do you know no he said
nothing he had no defense he had no
explanation he had got up and left with
his two security guards by the time I
got back to my seat Oh
so do you think he I mean was he at the
end of his dinner or do you think he
left because you confronted him I think
he left because I spoke to him and it
looked like he had finished eating his
person who was eating with him had not
finished and they were sitting and
chatting and seems pretty comfortable
what made you do this well that's an
easy one I would say that you know it's
my right as a citizen it's my
responsibility as a mother you know and
I was there with my child and I think
that that probably helped to spark
something in me also to seize that
moment I mean he is he's here's the man
who is literally sacrificing our
children's future for short-term
personal gain it's it's disgusting and
he's corrupt while he's doing it so I
noticed in the video you're looking at
something did you write down some points
you wanted to make and and did that just
sort of come to you in the moment yeah
you know I mean I'll say that
speaking of strangers in restaurants is
not really my wheelhouse so I thought it
might get a little bit nervous and I did
want to be factual and have coherent
talking points so just on the back of my
receipt I just scribble down a couple of
the many bullet points at their heart to
choose from that I could bring up to -
Scott there dammit I'm guessing from the
shirt you're wearing and shirt you're
wearing now does your forefathers own
slaves that you're somebody who sort of
lives in an in a social justice space I
would say that's accurate
yes you were civil in your tone to him
are you at all concerned about the
narrative that the administration is
putting forward that the
they're being harassed and persecuted
you know I can't control that we can't
control that there of course we're gonna
try to spin it but look what it comes
down to is that these are people who it
is their job to work for us
they should if they're doing their jobs
well if they should want to hear from
the public and I was there to to talk to
Scott it was a completely civil
conversation turned out to be a bit of a
one-way conversation but that was his
call and you know if they should want to
know what we're passionate about they
should want to know what's important to
us and this is important clean air clean
water the safety and well-being of
coastal communities protecting our
environment for our children this is
important to us and it's more important
than Scott Pruitt's $1500 tactical pants
that he's paying taxpayer spending
taxpayer money on it's more important
than sixteen hundred dollars that he
just spent on a dozen fountain pens as
much but what bothers you more because
you listed a number of things with your
son in your hand that bother you about
clean air and animals and water and the
fact that he's got ethical lapses that
are being investigated do they bother
you equally or is one more important
than the other to you the environment is
more important to me because this is
what it what a what's going to impact my
children what's going to impact my
students features what's going to impact
humanity down the line I don't I
honestly don't know how he can sleep at
night knowing what he is doing to our
future and for our success look like to
you in a conversation like that because
you said it ended up being a one-way
conversation if it weren't a one-way
conversation just because you're a
mother you're a teacher and now you're
somebody that the world is looking at in
a time when we require dialogue what is
a successful conversation like that look
like because there are a lot of people
saying do I get up and heckle do I
protest or do I do what what Kristen
make did I mean honestly it would have
been great if he was like you're know
right you know what I'm really corrupt
I'm gonna resign right now and I hope
that whoever takes my place does
something better for the environment but
I don't think that that's realistic so
what I do hope comes of it is I hope
that other regular people like me feel
empowered to speak up when they have the
opportunity it is our right of citizens
they are public servants and it's our
responsibility as well so I hope
you know I obviously didn't expect this
to go viral or anything but I do hope
that people feel empowered to speak up
that is our charge I hope you weren't
expecting me to go viral but you did
have somebody record it yeah yeah I did
and I felt a little safer having it
recorded and because you know I didn't
expect him to really engage me in a long
conversation although that would be
great Scott if you're watching love to
have a longer conversation with you but
you know I figured if it wasn't gonna be
a long conversation then we would at
least have it on tape all right we'll
put the invitation out there right now
to to the secretary if he wants to have
a conversation with you I'll provide the
venue for it Kristin thanks for joining
me Kristin mink is a teacher at Sidwell
Friends School
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
