new story from nbcnews.com about some
allegations involving Congressman Jim
Jordan of Ohio three former wrestlers at
Ohio State University are accusing him
of turning a blind eye to sexual abuse
when he was a coach at the school just
to put this in perspective Jordan is a
freedom caucus conservative who's
thought about throwing his hat in the
ring to be House Speaker if Republicans
keep control of the house
quirky shamash co-wrote this story is
the byline and is joining me now quirky
the congressman's representative has
said repeatedly and said again in
response to your story that he has
denied ever knowing about this abuse and
not having had any knowledge of it never
had any abuse reported to him when he
was a coach tell us a little bit more
about how they're responding and what
else you heard from some of these former
wrestlers well these wrestlers all are
sort of dismayed by the response from
the congressman because they everybody
was knew everybody's business over there
it's a tiny little locker room it was
the talk of the locker room there was no
there were no secrets in that locker
room so what specifically are these
former wrestlers telling you quirky well
they're saying that that it was common
knowledge that what that that this
doctor was going after the wrestlers it
was common knowledge that that he was he
would take showers with the team and
they talked about it all the time they
complained to the congressman who was it
was the assistant coach over there and
the congressman and and Russ Hellickson
who was the chief coach over there they
all everybody knew the university
announced in April oh hi oh state
university that it was investigating
accusations that this doctor you just
referenced Richard Strauss he died in
2005 had abused team members when he was
the team doctor in the time period
relating from the mid 1970s to the mid
90s should note that Jordan was
assistant wrestling coach at the
University during part of that time 86
to 94 in that time period and again all
along has said he never knew that this
abuse was happening explain a little bit
more about what you're hearing from that
well the thing the thing that I'm
hearing most is sort of dismay I mean
these are wrestlers all like Jordan they
all said he's a great guy he talked
about how you
they would have long discussions with
them about how you know this and that
and how you know he they said one of
them said that he even talked about how
one day he wanted to be president of
United States so they like and respect
the guy and for him to come out and say
well I don't know anything about this
well they're just utterly amazed by that
because everybody knew about this
what is Ohio State University saying
Ohio State well oh hi Oh state the
university to its credit has jumped
quickly on this I mean Wendy sabato came
through mr. Mike D sabato the whistle
blowing wrestler came basically it came
forward with all this and said you know
you've got to do something about it they
jumped on it right away they'd you know
they did not waste any time and you know
they've been they've hired an outside
law firm they've already talked to about
150 people the congressman is on their
list of people to be questioned that
congressman his own own spokesperson has
confirmed as much as well and is the
expectation of course the congressman
Jordan would cooperate with that well
yes I mean you know you're hearing from
his that's what that's what his folks
are saying yes put this in perspective
there has been a lot of discussion about
abuse at universities I particularly
think about obviously the of course the
gymnastics story that we've been
covering for months and months on this
show and others this seems to be a
moment of reckoning for a lot of schools
looking back at what may or may not have
happened these allegations of abuse
against people in power more broadly
absolutely and as a matter of fact part
of the motivation here is what happened
at Michigan State these wrestlers I mean
these are tough guys and they have a
hard time admitting or even you know
coming coming to grips with the idea of
themselves as being victims of something
of something like this and they were
motivated in part by the bravery shown
by the women that came forward at the
Michigan State Korky shamash go thank
you very much for joining us to bring
your new NBC News exclusive reporting I
appreciate it thank you for checking out
our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign
