now we've still got about two months to
the primary for the Democrats over there
in Florida but a new NBC Marist Poll
actually showed something really
interesting it's a close race for Graham
she's two points behind Phil Levine
who's leading right now but over 40% of
people said they were still undecided
and so you're gonna see over the course
of the next several weeks
a real tightening a lot could change
it's going to be really interesting and
also probably really expensive because
that's what it is to run in Florida yeah
yeah I find all of the the women who are
running to be so fascinating but I think
there's one thing that whether it's
implicit or explicit there's so much
research about how if you take a group
of men who are meeting and you add a
woman to it what it means about
cooperation conversation the way people
are willing to work together you can
talk to any of the women senators they
meet as a group they talk about how
different that is that when they then
when they meet with the Senate as a
whole so do you think there's something
maybe there Caitlin why it's not just
about them running going out and running
but the response that they seem to be
getting so many of them already having
won primaries right and I think what's
really important this time is that there
seems to be an infrastructure for women
to run I remember talking to women in
other campaigns and the the biggest
challenge they would say is the ability
to fundraise and now after the women's
March after everything you have seen
over the past year and a half there are
operations in place to help women run
for these all right because in many ways
the RNC the DNC they have had a
different kind of structure that's been
widely criticized by many of these new
candidates this is interesting
39% of all Democratic nominees now are
women this year just 11% percent noÃ«l
are Republicans what does that tell you
well first of all I've got to disclose
that I am a fundraiser and I have found
it very easy to raise money for some of
the female candidates more so this year
than before you better believe it
Jason that I have got Elizabeth Hang
who's running for Congress trying to
knock off an incumbent down in
California and I've got a female
gubernatorial candidate in Hawaii
Andrea polo that we're looking to flip
that state in Hawaii from from blue to
red so and these women one of the things
I've noticed in there under 42 which
played to your stats
one of the things I've noticed and which
it's really great is the ability to
raise more money with these women they
are they're energetic they're passionate
about their cause and a lot of people a
lot of my donors want to see a female
candidate they really want to get on
board so there's a pink wave coming
forget the blue wave forget the red wave
there is a pink way that people that are
be looking at watch out world that's
gonna change things big-time what a
great story Halle she's fierce you know
I
she's fierce they get in there this is
the time she's got the pulse okay well
we're gonna keep on all of this for now
until November how many days is it hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
