we have a lot coming up sometime Pruitt
and lotions and tight salaries you like
why he likes fancy lotion fancy bath and
lotions you like makes that's coming on
makes his he makes his status drive all
around Washington DC to find fancy
lotion we have video of this running our
lady with her child asking him to resign
and I will second that request let's
start this hour with duelling Washington
Post columns Joe right well why don't we
certainly the bullet surprise winner no
you right the American left is in a
panic now it's time to keep their heads
and you and I disagree on this a little
bit you say quote Camelot this is not I
would agree with that
but neither are trumps wretched displays
of cruelty and ignorance dispositive
proof of democracy's imminent demise the
president's twisted view of
constitutional norms has rightly fueled
fears on the left that the Madisonian
models future hangs in the balance
such gathering storms inspire me from
time to time to draw comfort from the
sage insights of that american
philosopher billy hicks as portrayed by
rob lowe in the 1985 brat pack flick st.
Elmo's fire this isn't real you know
what it is it's st. Elmo's fire electric
flashes of light that appear in dark
skies out of nowhere lo told a
whimpering Demi Moore while producing
puffs of fire from aerosol cans lying
conveniently around his feet we're all
going through this it's our time at the
edge
many Democrats campaigning across the
United States understand that now is no
time to panic
instead of being distracted by those
electric flashes of light created by
Trump's perpetual motion machine they
are knocking on doors reaching out to
neighbors making Facebook friends and
organizing teams to drive their
supporters to polling places for those
still distracted by the latest cable
news calamity remember the words of a
union activist wrongly executed in 1915
before his death Joe Hill sent a friend
instructions don't waste any time
mourning organize good advice at this
time and now you don't have to read the
column because we could just did well I
the whole thing good genes is really
good chapter 14 it to actually take a
longer time to reflect on what's really
happening here well and yeah that's what
this show does well and you know Sam
I've noticed in columns on Twitter and
commentary especially over the past two
three weeks a lot of Democrats a lot of
left-of-center commentators but going
into despair I think this is just too
much this is everything's coming at us
and now that I've seen it right actually
from your talking about me some gifted
columnist sand and Mika Brzezinski and
others who are overwhelmed that's what
Trump wants you to be overwhelmed you
you I know you're I know you want a Nick
Saban analogy yeah I do
Alabama Alabama can be down by three
touchdowns yeah and you know what the
players are thinking about the next play
sure he trains them you just think about
the next play you don't look at the
scoreboard you don't care about the
scoreboard look at the next play look at
the blocking and tackling and in this
case it's organized knock on doors put
up yard signs get your team together for
election day I think I think what's
happened over the past two weeks and
maybe I'm overstating or over
generalizing here's two things that have
really hit Democrats psychically hard
one is the separation policy which has
been morally difficult to comprehend for
obvious reasons in the second I think is
the fact is Anthony Kennedy's retirement
and the reason that has been so
psychologically debilitating for a lot
of Democrats is that you have a case
where the president lost the popular
vote right by three million votes but
and will now have the ability to reshape
politics for generations to come
also you have looming over all this a
ongoing investigation into whether he
was legitimately elected or whether a
foreign government interfered in this
campaign and the not so unreal
possibility that later this summer we
will be presented with fairly compelling
truth that collusion did take place and
we'll have to wonder well should he have
the right to appoint a replacement to
the Supreme Court in that case and I
think this is very
difficult for Democrats to comprehend
how they can live in a system in which
this man did not get more votes but will
reshape American politics for decades
and so to your point what you can do
about it is simple there's only one
thing you can do about it right you can
prepare for November there's no there
are no other there are no the pressure
points really there are no other ways to
flip the script right even with respect
to the Supreme Court battle right it all
comes down to putting on enough pressure
to elected officials specifically susan
collins and lisa murkowski
right so that they vote no so michael
steele it all it is also important for
democrats instead of going back and
trying to blame Vladimir Putin write
about this in the guy are Susan Sarandon
or I mean you go down the list and New
York Times email stories are you go down
the list Morning Joe are you go down the
list whomever else they want at the end
of the day Anthony Kennedy's retirement
is going to move the court even more in
a more conservative direction because
for the last 20 years the Democratic
Party they have been losing their
congressional majority with all the
subtlety of a Hindenburg crash and and
there are times when Donald Trump's
abhorrent behavior leads to certain
disturbances in the force in Washington
but sometimes things like Kennedy's
retirement and the replacement of
Kennedy with a another conservative that
just happens because Republicans are in
the majority and Democrats have
forgotten how to win elections that's
the bottom line I mean it the fact of
the matter is I think a lot of the
Democrats going back to even how they
responded to Republicans pushing against
the Obama administration was one of well
we're outraged everybody should be
outraged and that's somehow translated
in the votes I'm sorry it's not a
substitute for what you note in the
article getting on the ground and
organizing and getting up there and
getting that vote to the polls
so to Sam's point I appreciate that
Donald Trump got three three million
fewer votes
than Hillary Clinton but that's not how
we elect the president United States I
appreciate the fact that Democrats are a
noun wailing and gnashing their teeth
about the selection of yet another
Supreme Court justice by this president
but you know what Republicans made that
the cause celeb that was the number one
issue and I don't know how Democrats
were included into what this election
would mean for the Supreme Court what it
would mean for other agencies so this
all of this right now seems to be a
little bit late to the game and yet to
your point Joe on the ground
Democrats away from the national
structure away from the party
organization are finding ways to win and
push back against the system without
making Trump necessarily the centerpiece
of their anger and frustration but
rather the question about what kind of
America we want to be I think we're
going to find a lot of candidates that
are going to be every bit as impressive
as a 28 year old woman yes who won in in
Alexandria Queens Alexandria who won in
Queens I know a lot of people in Fox and
the other you know a lot of people
conservative commentators freaking out
because she's so far left of center
guess what's going to happen in the
heartland if this is a wave election
you're going to have women who used to
be pilots in the Air Force that retired
and they're running as conservative to
moderate Democrats who were going to win
as well that's what happens in years
such as these but you know mark
Leibovich again it's I talk about
organizing because everybody everybody
has this everybody has this view of
Barack Obama as you know as he said I'm
LeBron baby guy can shoot yeah I mean
the guy can do whatever LeBron can do on
basketball court he could do on the
campaign trail and he was extraordinary
but as we found out with LeBron this
past year sometimes just having LeBron
ain't enough to win the championship the
most impressive thing about Barack
Obama's campaigning to me wasn't his
speeches it was who he put around him
and they were they were just Nat
Born Killers politically they kept their
heads down they didn't get frustrated
they knew what they needed to do to win
and they went out and organized back in
2007 I remember reading in New York
Times article talking about all the
money that Barack Obama was bringing in
and when I saw that he was investing it
in the ground game in Iowa as I quote
all right this ain't gonna be Howard
Dean's 2004 campaign they've learned
right although I I do think it's worth
pointing out that Barack Obama's
organizing machine worked very much in
very singularly in the service of Barack
Obama it didn't do a lot to to to bring
up other Democrats I mean that some
disastrous midterm elections and I think
what we're seeing now is there's not a
lot of seed corn in the Democratic Party
it's all sort of starting organically
over the last several months but you
know Barack Obama was a very it has
turned out to be a pretty sweet genuine
generous phenomena and again it sort of
remains to be seen whether Democrats can
get that going again I mean I think at
this point the rolling news and then
rolling despair can be a distraction to
what you said in your column yeah well
they can be lessons learned thanks for
checking out MSNBC on YouTube and make
sure you subscribe to stay up-to-date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
