policy NATO President Trump says he's
losing patience with American allies and
considering a large-scale withdrawal of
US troops from Joe Wade this is
interesting so you helped sir Donald
Trump yeah
wait manna fort was working against NATO
for Vladimir Putin's wait now Donald
he keeps attacking NATO - everybody's
gonna have this summit with Putin yeah
but he doesn't do well it's all could we
talk offside you know because NATO
summits always go really badly don't
think he always attacks our NATO allies
doesn't he Richard but every yeah weird
is this that Paul Manafort was doing
Putin's bidding and now it looks like
Donald Trump is I'm sure he doesn't mean
to but he's just bumbling into this
doing Vladimir Putin's bidding by
constantly attacking NATO allies and
constantly defending Vladimir Putin
saying he should be in the g8 saying
that maybe maybe Russia should just we
should recognize the invasion of Crimea
what if Donald Trump seems to be missing
is the idea that NATO and American
military presence and support for NATO
is not a favor we bestow on Europeans
right an act of strategic philanthropy
right it is an act of american
self-interest it's born of the historic
lesson that the balance of power in
europe is vital to the security of the
united states so i'm not going to see
here this morning and say certain
European country shouldn't be spending
more spending it differently on defense
of course they should but this
administration is not positioned itself
as a friend of Europe or it can
basically say we face common threats and
we all need to be doing more but to
simply threaten that we would do less
and we'll take our troops back home if
they don't do more against the backdrop
of the last year and a half is piling on
I you bring up a great point it's in our
best interest
I remember answering a question somebody
somebody said we had a in one of my
first debates televised debate somebody
said we have responsibility as citizens
of the world I said I'm not taking note
as a citizen of the world
I'm taking an oath as somebody that
wants to defend protect and defend the
Constitution of the United States I care
about America and then went on and
talked about you know Mickey we could
talk about the Marshall Plan you could
talk about NATO these are yes I would
like to teach the world to sing in
perfect harmony I would also like the
United States of America to dominate the
world militarily economically in every
other way and from the Marshall Plan
forward to NATO to everything we're
doing in Europe we're not doing it
because we're nice guys we're not doing
it because we're good people we're doing
it because it's in America's best
interest and it has been in America's
best interest and I can show you that
chart again I mean it takes me a while
like you know I never took stats class
and but but this is GDP this is from 45
to 2018 this is what's happened because
of American policy that's Steve Rattner
level chart they got a show it this is
Steve Rattner level church this is
what's happened to America in the
post-war world we created with NATO with
even the United Nations with with the
with all the things that we have done we
alone because there's no other country
in the planet who's whose economy has
grown up like that non-stop since 45
other than us just what John becomes
basic view of the world is that what
we've spent on defense has come at the
expense of what we've been able to
accomplish here at home what your chart
is showing that what we spent on defense
has actually enabled what we've done
here at home by the way and we're
spending about 3% right now on defense
three and a half percent on defense all
the fat below World War II yeah far
below with that all in mind to the New
York Times reports that President Trump
sent sharply worded letters to a number
of foreign leaders lambasting them for
failing to meet security obligations the
letters which were sent in June went to
the leaders of Germany Belgium Norway
and Canada among others in his note to
Chancellor Merkel
Trump said its quote increasingly
difficult to justify American city to
American citizens why some countries do
not share NATO's collective security
burden while American soldiers continue
to sacrifice their lives overseas as do
Canadians as to Australians as do
Germans as to the Brits as do a lot that
letter okay according to New York Times
Belgium's Prime Minister reacted tartly
last week to letter telling reporters
that he was not very impressed by it I
think something might be laughing to
diplomatic sources tell The Times that a
dozen letters may have been sent in all
let's rewrite up former NATO says it all
they really does it's ringing former
NATO supreme Allied commander now the
Dean of the Fletcher School of Law and
Diplomacy at Tufts University and chief
international security and diplomacy
analyst for NBC News and MSNBC retired
four-star Navy admiral James trivita son
fortunately after that introduction we
have no time for questions most
importantly some Shanksville so Admiral
I'm sure your job when you were were
doing what you were doing was yes to
worry about their NATO allies but as I
was saying your first responsibility was
to the United States of America and what
was in our best interest talk about how
NATO has long been as strong NATO has
long been in America's best interest and
any concerns you might have with these
letters attacking our NATO allies well
let's start with the fact that during
the four years I was supreme Allied
commander I watched so many European
troops died in Afghanistan under my
command alongside US troops so they are
in this with us with blood and with
treasure as the saying goes and let's
just kind of do the numbers on the
defense spending thing so the u.s. spent
six hundred billion dollars a year on
defense china spends about 250 billion
less than half Russia spends about 80
billion how much do those freeloading
Europeans spend they spend almost
three-hundred billion dollars a year on
defense they are the second largest
defense budget in the world collectively
so you're saying you're saying this I'm
sure there's a surprise to a lot of
people Europe spends more on national
defense on the defense of their interest
in our interests than China and Russia
absolutely correct and we ought to just
keep that in mind now as Richard said
and he's right we want to see them come
up to two percent of defense spending
that would be a positive thing but
yelling at them publicly which is
essentially what we're doing with these
letters is not going to help that cause
what we should do is criticize privately
and in public talk about the value of
this alliance and by the way when we
talk about withdrawing US troops from
Europe we again let's do the numbers in
the Cold War we had 400,000 troops in
Europe today we have 35,000 there's been
a 90% decline those troops are there
operating on forward stations for our
benefit to go into Afghanistan Libya the
Balkans places where we have legitimate
security interests so this canard that
somehow the Europeans are freeloaders
and are not part of our most valuable
asset in the world which is our network
of alliances around the world we throw
that away at great peril and these kind
of letters just not helpful no idea I
gotta believe on the hill this is
certainly one policy of Donald Trump's
that even the most steadfast Trump
supporters have to raise their eyebrows
about have to be concerned about have to
understand that you know our allies our
European allies are are on our side and
and shouldn't be poked at by Donald
Trump this is the traditional Republican
coalition another stool of this a leg of
the stool getting kicked out from
beneath the GOP and of course they're
upset because it's part of a broader
disintegration of our relations with
Europe right now and all of our trade
allies actually on the
as you saw senator corker tried to get
some kind of a coalition together to
stop the president from imposing the
tariffs and now at the same time that
these letters are that the reports about
the letters are coming out we see that
this trade war is really starting to
escalate just in the past week
we have China clapping back we have the
Canada
clapping back and the biggest one of all
that could really start to take this
south is Europe now talking about
getting together a coalition of trading
partners to clap back at the amount of
about two hundred ninety billion dollars
in trade and Joe we're not just hearing
from the traditional GOP dissenters like
Jeff Flake and bob corker about this
behind the scenes there are a number of
Republicans from farm States dairy
States folks like senator Joni Ernst
hoopin quietly trying to lobby the White
House the the Committees of Agriculture
Finance have all tried to appeal to him
but to no avail
and that's why quietly a number of them
are saying hey it's really unfortunate
but maybe this is just going to take
some kind of a jolt in the stock market
or something to stop the president from
exiting this further
all right Admiral Heidi stay with us we
want to continue this conversation and
get the Admirals thoughts on the
president's comments yesterday about his
trade war Emily Jane Fox thank you very
much thank you warning on Michael Cohen
keep us posted
also still I had a Morning Joe last week
we weren't getting clearer information
about the kids separated from their
parents now we're not getting any
information at all as if we're gonna
stop asking the latest in the
government's shade campaign on its own
border policy
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
