de 529 of the Trump administration and a
one-time Trump loyalists breaks his
silence posing potential new dangers to
the president Michael Cohen Trump's
longtime personal attorney and a key
player in the Trump Organization may be
sending warning signals to the White
House in his first major interview since
the FBI raided his home and office back
in April federal prosecutors in New
York's Southern District are
investigating Cohen for alleged
violations of election law and possible
financial crimes associated with his
personal business dealings including his
payment of one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars in hush money to porn
star stormy Daniels Cohen hasn't been
charged with any crime but there's been
speculation about whether he intends to
cooperate with prosecutors Cohen in the
past said he would do what is necessary
to protect Trump including taking a
bullet for him this weekend he sat down
with George Stephanopoulos of ABC News
for an off-camera interview and Cohen
said this when asked what he would do if
prosecutors offered him a deal in
exchange for information on the
president my wife my daughter and my son
have my first loyalty and always will I
put family and country first Cohen was
asked by ABC how he would respond to an
attack by the president or his legal
team and he said quote I will not be a
punching bag as part of anyone's defense
strategy I am NOT a villain of this
story and I will not allow others to try
to depict me that way Michael Cohen also
appeared to make a clear break with
Trump on the topic of the Russia
investigation and the president's
efforts to discredit it a very very
different message from Michael Cohen he
said I don't agree with those who
demonize or vilify the FBI
I respect the FBI as an institution as
well as their agency said in fact when
the FBI came to his hotel suite in the
Regency Hotel in Manhattan back in April
they were very courteous they were very
professional in fact he said when they
left he shook their hands
when I asked him I said the president is
calling the modern investigation of
witch-hunt he said I don't like the term
witch-hunt as an American i repudiate
any foreign government's attempt to
interfere in our democratic process and
I would call on all Americans to do the
same Cohen's comments did come up today
at the White House press briefing as you
know I'm not gonna answer questions on
this topic and would refer you the
president's outside counsel can you at
least tell us whether the president
watched the interview this morning and
potentially how he feels about the idea
that his former attorney said that he
would point his wife√≠s sign his family
in his country first but not the
president once again I'm not going to
weigh in to this issue okay today a
judge disclosed that federal prosecutors
now have more than 1 million of Michael
Cohen's files which could be potential
evidence in the investigation that's
about a third of what the FBI seized in
that April raid thousands of other
documents are being examined ahead of a
Thursday deadline Cohen has recently
retained attorney guy Petrillo to
replace his current lawyer Petrillo is a
former federal prosecutor who served as
chief of the Criminal Division in the
Southern District of New York the
division that's looking into Cohen
Robert Muller's team referred the cohen
matter to that office but significantly
Muller's investigators have not
conducted an interview with cohen his
interview also raises the question of
whether Cohen might be trying to sign a
plea to the President or signal a plea
to the president for a possible pardon
here's how the president responded when
asked about that just a few months ago
are you thank you very much
stupid question
stupid question let's bring in our
leadoff panel for a Monday night Jill
Colvin is the White House reporter for
The Associated Press you saw her
just moments ago in that clip Harry
Lippmann is a former US attorney and
former Deputy Assistant Attorney General
under President Clinton he's also a
former clerk for Supreme Court justices
Thurgood Marshall and Anthony Kennedy
and Daniel Goldman with me here in
studio is a former assistant US attorney
for the Southern District of New York
and a fellow at the Brennan Center for
Justice in the past he has worked with
Michael Cohen's attorney guy Petrillo
Daniel has also just been named an MSNBC
legal analyst so welcome to the family
and in honor that you get the first
question Daniel the Washington Post has
just published a story on this in which
it writes some in Trump's orbit said the
interview was a miscalculation if it was
an attempt to reach out to the president
whom Cohen had served since 2007 for
attention financial support or even a
pardon that would end Cohen's legal
predicament you and I were talking
earlier you don't think this was
orchestrated to be a message to the
president at all no none of what came
out in the ABC news report seems to me
to be a plea to Trump for anything in
fact the language he was using the
comments that he made distancing himself
from the use of the word witch-hunt
distancing himself from some of the
allegations that Trump has made about
Muller even going so far as to say I
will not be a punching bag this that's
not an indication of somebody who is
trying to cozy up through the media to
Donald Trump to me what it was speaking
it's it's cooperator speak he's praising
the FBI he's talking about how he
believes in the institution he believes
in the democratic process and that he
thinks the investigation should go
forward those are the things that really
came out from from what we saw in that
interview Harry Vanity Fair writer Emily
Jane Fox was just on with Rachel a while
ago here's what she said on on why Cohen
might have done this interview now
now has a new attorney who is
still a little bit camera shy but not
completely against him doing press
there's also a sense a belief by mr.
Cohen and people in Cohen land that
there is going to be an onslaught coming
from people in the president's orbit and
so there was this window of time where
he felt like I am going to try and
restore my reputation before this attack
Harry what's your sense of it why do
this interview now yeah I think that's
exactly right I agree a hundred percent
with Dan that this is someone making
overtures for cooperation and I take it
a step further but the first point here
is guy Petrillo as Dan says is a total
top notch attorney so you can put aside
the normal assumptions in Trump play and
then maybe he's doing something just you
know stupid Patrol has thought it
through my best guess is even this
interview had the blessing of the US
Attorney's Office and it served to kind
of give Cohen a chance to vindicate
himself a little bit and maybe insulate
himself from the charges that are coming
and what you'll see here after is his
beginning to actually discuss things
with the US Attorney's Office and he'll
go dark on press because that's the
smart thing to do and Petrillo is a real
pro going dark on press is a big deal
for Michael Cohen by the way this is a
guy who spent a lot of his life in the
limelight
Jill this is an interesting point if the
White House now sees Michael Cohen as
someone who is increasingly in the
service of the federal government what
do they do about that what are they
thinking about that well it's certainly
a very big risk for the president look
it's been months now where we've heard
that the president has really felt as
much as this Russia investigation as
much as this so-called witch hunt has
been draining attention has been gaining
press attention that what they were
really concerned about even more deeply
was Michael Cohen this is somebody who
has spent more than a decade with the
president who is his self-described
fixer who is the one who knows
figuratively where all the bodies are
buried and someone who has a potential
great deal of information about the
president that people might be
interested in we've already seen
the White House now and the president
for the last couple of weeks really
taking steps to try to distance
themselves from Michael Cohen it's a
strategy that we've seen the president
use repeatedly including with Paul
Manafort for instance saying you know he
only did a little bit of my legal work
but you know that this is something the
president's talking about it was only a
few weeks ago or a few months ago now
where the president even tweeted about
Michael Cohen you know there was some
talk about whether you know there was
concern whether he might decide to flip
on the president decide to work with the
FBI as it looks like he might be
signaling he's interested in doing and
you had the president tweeting now I
don't think he's that kind of guy I
don't think it's gonna happen well we'll
see now if that happens
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
