just moments ago president Trump saying
he hopes Elizabeth Warren runs in 2020
he thinks she'll be easy to beat but
before the presidential race of course
there's the midterm elections just 22
days the leg away we have brand new
numbers that show Democrats with an edge
take a look in a Washington post/abc
News poll 53% of registered voters
favored Democrats for Congress 42% for
Republicans voter enthusiasm has
increased among all voters to 77 percent
up 12 points from just before 2014's
midterms but Democrats are seeing the
biggest gain up 18 points to 81% and
voter enthusiasm has jumped 25 points
among younger voters since the last
midterms 24 points among non-white
voters my panel is back with me Chris
Wilson
Jason Johnson along with former
Democratic congresswoman Donna Edwards
so senator Elizabeth Warren has called
president Trump's bluff she took a DNA
test showing she has distant Native
American ancestry
she said I took this test released the
results for anyone who cares to see
because I've got nothing to hide let's
remind folks of the back and forth that
we had earlier on this is what the
president had to say about her claim
about having Native American ancestry I
will give you a million dollars to your
favorite charity paid for by Trump if
you take the test and it shows you're an
Indian you know
and let's see what she does right I have
a feeling she will say no but we'll hold
that for the debates so let's play what
he just said now just moments ago I
think you better read it again
congresswoman Edwards we didn't read it
again but we did play it I'm pretty sure
he said that he'd give her a million
dollars what do you think is he gonna
pay up well I think he knows are a
million dollars and I don't think he's
gonna pay up any more than he's ever
paid any of his debts but you know 20 20
is on but we got to finish a 20-18
election first yeah so let's talk about
a little bit of that one of the most
talked about races I've got to ask you
about Chris is senator Ted Cruz Texas
man you worked for they do work is just
blowing the roof off with small dollar
donations 38 million in the last three
months alone
he has spent 15 million already on TV
ads against Ted Cruz but the latest New
York Times poll shows him trailing Cruz
by 8 points now and what is he achieve
for that money is he is now the most
unpopular statewide official in their
statewide figure in this in Texas is he
is absolutely because he has sort of
nationalized his figure he's taken
stands that do a great job raising money
from a national liberal base but all
he's done is just cannibalize money that
would have gone to Heidi Heitkamp or
Claire McCaskill or other Democrats that
could have saved their seats that are
probably now going to go down to defeat
while workers on this vanity mission
that is just go that is just basically
flushing money down the toilet Jason
let's look at this from from a very real
standpoint there are a lot of Democrats
who would love nothing more I hear it
all the time when I'm out and you know
the campaign trail they would love to
see Ted Cruz lose and they're spending
money but does Chris have a point we've
literally just had this conversation in
the green room I was like better Wharton
made a mistake by nationalizing this
campaign look midterms are all about the
state you're in you don't want to take
your debate and put it on a national
cable network you want it to be local I
talked about in Georgia we've got Stacey
Abrams and Brian Kim they're debating at
home you've got you've got Florida where
some of their debates may actually
happen at home when you want to make
yourself a national candidate that's a
vanity project it does become a good of
a vanity project and it doesn't impress
the people in the small towns and this
doesn't mean that beta will work was
ever gonna have a chance I thought it
was always gonna be difficult for him to
beat Ted Cruz nobody likes Ted Cruz but
it's Texas he's very much based far more
popular
any chance with all that money any
chance he wins this I think it's highly
unlikely unless we find out some huge
terrible scandal about Ted Cruz and this
personality is bad enough and if you're
still leading with that he'll probably
want Ted Cruz is very well-liked in the
state of Texas yes he's going to win
right yeah here's the other thing
congressman Edwards so you've got this I
don't think there's any doubt about the
enthusiasm on the Democratic side we're
seeing the polls I can tell you from
being out there that there there is a
groundswell of people who have never
voted before certainly not in the
midterms those those voters who only go
out in presidential years who have
really been motivated by all this I
think the left is motivated by Kavanagh
as the right maybe having said that it
is I think to the both of these men's
point it's about what what is your
constituency worried about and the
headline in the Washington Post this
morning
this morning says Democratic candidates
focus on health care as midterms near
and in fact the Wall Street Journal
points out that health care is the
subject of the greatest share of
political ads on TV right now tell me
what you're seeing do you see Democrats
capitalizing on this enthusiasm in a way
that is going to really be a game
changer well I think particularly
doubling down on healthcare because
healthcare creates a lot of anxiety you
know across the country and you know
when you have Republicans in Congress
over and over again trying to undermine
the Affordable Care Act trying to get
rid of pre-existing coverage for
pre-existing conditions these are things
that actually motivate voters at home
where people live and I would take a
different tact on bado because I think
that while it's true he's raised a lot
of money for his campaign he's also
helped to generate a lot of enthusiasm
among the base around the country and in
fact the turnout for bado in Texas could
actually drive at least three
congressional seats in there into
democratic hands because you'll see
voters turning up who might not have
voted before and so I don't want to
totally dismiss that but I also believe
that for Democrats it's important to
focus on not just on you know being
against Trump but what are we going to
do for the American people and I think
that
what you see in honing in on a message
of delivering health care for the
American people in every single one of
these congressional district is really
resonating with voters
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
