thing one's an eight tonight Donald
Trump fancies himself a great salesman
he slapped his name on everything from
food and beverages like Trump steaks
Trump wine Trump vodka and Trump water
to a whole slew of now-defunct goods
including Trump cologne from mattresses
in the Trump clothing line one of his
few successes was of course in books
with his bestseller the art of the deal
but true sales powers demonstrated by
the plugging of someone else's book
which Trump did over the weekend quote a
friend of mine the man who has truly
seen politics in life as few others ever
will Sean Spicer has written a great new
book the briefing politics the press and
the president it is a story told with
both hearted knowledge really good go
get it and if you look at this sales
chart you can see the bump that happened
when the president plugged that book but
if you look a little closer at that
chart you'll see something else and that
thing too in 60 seconds
President Trump might not be much for
book readin but he's happy to plug books
written by people who've remained loyal
and haven't spilled anything juicy about
their six-month stint at the White House
and so new author Sean Spicer got a plug
from Trump on Twitter for his new book
coming out later this month and if you
take a look at the data from novel rank
a site that estimates Amazon book sales
you'll see a big jump there on Saturday
the day the president tweeted about the
book more than a 130 percent increase in
fact except the grand total was drumroll
please
fourteen copies sold now that is up from
six the day before and it be fair that
does not include any book sales and
Spicer did rack up nine of those on
Saturday and then another eight on
Sunday he does not immediately know
whether the president was one of those
pre-orders well you know I love to read
actually I'm looking at a book I'm
reading a book I'm trying to get started
every time I do about a half a page I
get a phone call that there's some
emergency this of that I love to read I
don't get to read very much I could
because I'm working very hard on lots of
different things
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
