NBC News has new reporting on North
Korea US intelligence agencies believe
it has increased its nuclear weapons
fuel production in recent months despite
Kim jong-un's pledged last month to work
toward denuclearization intelligence
officials tell NBC News the development
is happening at multiple secret nuclear
facilities Sunday morning national
security adviser John Bolton
acknowledged the difficulty of working
with North Korea we're very well aware
of North Korea's patterns of behavior
over decades of negotiating with the
United States there's not any any
starry-eyed feeling among the group
doing this but President Trump has
boosted expectations for the rogue
nation tweeting there is no longer a
nuclear threat from North Korea and
claiming that the north is negotiating
quote in good faith to justify canceling
joint military exercises with South
Korea okay the Trump administration is
trying to focus on supposed progress in
the North Korean nuclear situation but
let's get a refresher on just what North
Korea has in its arsenal analysis by the
Defense Intelligence Agency puts the
number of nuclear weapons held by North
Korea in the neighborhood of 60 bombs
with the biggest point is that we don't
actually know the full extent of Kim
jong-un's nuclear stockpile and there
were no public disclosures of that
number at the Singapore summit last
month you'd think that would be a good
starting point for negotiations let's
find out what their capabilities
actually are we didn't do that the bombs
are a serious threat when coupled with
North Korea's advances in rocket
technology the latest missile is now
believed to put all of the US mainland
within range now that's nuclear stuff in
terms of conventional military North
Korea is huge North Korea has more than
a thousand aircraft about 1,600 aircraft
fixed and rotary wing hundreds of naval
vessels thousands of tanks armored
vehicles thousands of rocket launchers
and according to u.s. and South Korean
intelligence this stuff is all there
it's also hidden there's hidden
artillery positioned along the
Demilitarized Zone pointed directly at
South Korea's capital Seoul which is
only about 35 miles away the north cyber
capacities are currently the country's
most potent weapon by the way it flex
that muscle in the two
thousand fourteen hack of Sony Pictures
and more recently cyberattacks on banks
and services in South Korea and Malaysia
and there's increasing evidence that
North Korea was behind the 2016 attack
on the New York Federal Reserve's
account at a Bangladeshi bank which
netted them 81 million dollars
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
