Phil the president as we thought he
might walked over to the press on the
way to getting on marine one on the
South Lawn reiterated when he tweeted
this morning that he wants Secretary of
Mike Pompeo to a meet with the Saudi
King he wants them to get to the bottom
of whatever happened to Khashoggi what
more can you tell us about that well the
administration chris has been very
cautious about you know attributing
Khashoggi disappearance or or killing to
the Saudis until they have what they
believe to be more concrete evidence of
course US intelligence intercepts have
shown a Saudi plot the intelligence
community in the United States is
believing that there was Saudi
involvement and custodies disappearance
but president Trump is not yet
reiterating that I was in the Oval
Office with him on Saturday when he
talked to a number of reporters and he
vowed very powerful and severe
punishment for Saudi Arabia if it's
found out that they did this but then
Mike Pompeo the Secretary of State and
rejected and said look we have a lot
more we need to find out we just don't
know enough information yet let's talk a
little bit more about this us-saudi
relationship you wrote that co-wrote
this fascinating article that details
Jared Kushner's close partnership with
the Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin
Salman the headline says their two
princes you write quote critics of the
Trump administration say Kushner has
been dangerously naive to trust Mohammed
and has allowed himself to be
manipulated by an ascendant royal who
charms foreigners and has been ruthless
and consolidating power inside the
kingdom so I mean why has Jared Krishna
worked so hard to to cultivate this
relationship well he saw Prince Muhammad
as a like-minded and generational peer
and developed a relationship very early
on in the Trump presidency that he
thought would pay dividends for the
United States it was Jared Kushner who
convinced President Trump to make Saudi
Arabia to make Riyadh his very first
visit on foreign soil as president and
when Trump got there he was fetid with
that military jet flyover with the sword
dance and so forth and with billions of
dollars in in promise arm arms deals
yeah no but the objections of rings to
it and who of course was secretary of
time and Kushner I think also sauce out
Rabia as a potential key partner in the
Middle East peace plan between Israel
and the Palestinians which Kushner had
been trying to champion of course a few
months ago King Salman of Saudi Arabia
said no we're not going to sign on to
that to that peace plan and it's since
stalled out but there was hope early on
that Saudi Arabia would would really
offer some Arab support to the to the
Kushner initiative President Trump on 60
minutes was asked about Jared Kushner's
phone call with the Saudi Crown Prince
the two of them talked about the show
keys disappearance
listen was he murdered by the Saudis and
did the Prince give the order to kill
him well nobody knows yet but we'll
probably be able to find out it's being
investigated it's being looked at very
very strongly and we would be very upset
and angry if that were the case as of
this moment they deny it and did not
deny vehemently could it be them yes
Jared your son-in-law got on the phone
and asked the prince did he what did he
deny actively deny it they denied every
way you can imagine in the
not-too-distant future I think we'll
know an answer
so what do you think Phil is the Kushner
relationship with the Saudi Crown Prince
having any influence on how President
Trump is handling all of this it's a
little bit unclear Chris we know that
that the Jarrett's relationship with
Prince Mohammed is one of the key
connections between the u.s. and Saudi
Arabia and so it was last week that the
two of them spoke to try to get some
answers on the khashoggi situation of
course the prince denied it as the king
has denied to President Trump this
morning and I have to tell you it seems
like another example where a president
Trump is sort of taking a foreign power
at their word remember all the times
when Vladimir Putin denied that Russia
interfered in the election and and Trump
would sort of repeat well they denied it
they denied it vehemently we seem to be
seeing that again but with Mike Pompeo
the Secretary of State heading over
there to meet with the king perhaps
we'll get some more answers we've only
got about 30 seconds because we're gonna
have a playback of the president on the
South Lawn but I thought one of the most
fascinating parts of your article was
that at least as far as Saudi Arabia
Jared Kushner seems to be following the
footsteps of his father-in-law
skipping briefings not do
a deep dive on the intricacies of this
very important relationship and really
going with sort of his as you call it
this this similarity he seems to feel in
age generationally with with the the
Saudi leader yeah early on Chris Jarrod
did a lot of one-on-one phone calls with
the Saudi Crown Prince which alarmed
some national security officials
although administration officials say
that since then he has been following
protocol and looping in his colleagues
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
