as president Trump consolidates power in
his own party Democrats are watching
their base shift to the left in an
escalating grassroots rebellion Senate
Minority Whip dick Durbin says he can't
recall a similar movement since he was
elected to Congress in 1982
then came the shocking win of Alexandria
Ocasio Cortez in New York the 28
year-old self-described Democratic
Socialist who al stood Joe Crowley at
the same time the party voted this week
to scale back the role of
super-delegates which was an issue that
came up once or twice that I heard about
once or twice during the 2016 primaries
we need to do away with the
extraordinary number of super-delegates
super-delegates
the added uncertainty surrounding the
Supreme Court has left some with a
feeling of deep disquiet where do they
go from here and what's the right
message from Democrats running from
Maryland to Missouri as the midterms
approach I want to welcome to talk about
all this Ben Jealous Democratic nominee
for governor of Maryland and former
president of the n-double a-c-p
and Jason Kander former Missouri
Secretary of State and candidate for
mayor of Kansas City gentlemen thank you
both for being here and I really
appreciate your willingness to
participate in this sort of unusual
conversation because I do feel like we
have some some crush representation with
the two of you as to what this party is
facing you are both of course running
for executive offices not for the
legislature but I want to kind of put
one question that has been in the
national conversation to both of you
to kind of try to get a sense of how
your answers may be different and that
is this question of whether or not we
should abolish ice and mr. candor I'll
start with you do you think that we
should abolish ice you know look I'm
pretty focused on issues here in Kansas
City specifically but what I'll tell you
is my personal perspective on this is
that it has certainly advanced to a
place where it was not supposed to be
when it was created and at a very
minimum I agree with the people who have
said that this cannot be president
Trump's personal in the law
forcement personal army that that's not
what this was supposed to be and what it
actually ends up creating is a situation
where it's not able to accomplish any of
the goals that it was put forth for in
the very first place do you think Isis a
force for good in Kansas City the the
city you want to govern now what I think
is that we got to make sure that here in
Kansas City we continue the progress
that we've made and then it touches
every single part of the city and and
you know inherent your question is
whether or not that means we have to
protect everybody here in our city and
absolutely we do Vangelis I'd like to
hear your take on this do you do you do
you believe that we should abolish ice
in this country no what I do think is we
need to get rid of Trump we need to get
back to a real conversation that
reflects the values of our country for
you know how we welcome people who are
coming to our shores who are coming to
our country my own family descends from
folks who came here and on my father's
side all the way through Ellis Island
starting out in Salem in 1624 and what
we know is that each wave of immigrants
has made us stronger
this president has been fixated on
turning ice into a very abusive force
pushing it way beyond what its actual
mission is at the same time building a
wall and actually tearing children from
the arms of their parents and putting
them in cages and so I get my folks are
calling for ice to be abolished I mean I
I I understand their emotion but we do
need an immigration service absolutely
we just need one that actually serves
the people of this country that reflects
our values and not those of Donald Trump
mr. jelous what do you what do you think
about what did you read into the win of
Alexandria Ocasio Cortez earlier this
week when she took down a longtime
leader of the party Nancy Pelosi and you
have been somebody who has been in you
know the the most entrenched of
democratic circles in your time in
politics does the party need new
leadership
she didn't take down Nancy Pelosi she
took down Crowley in New York
sure
I don't know a whole lot about South
Bronx politics what I what I do know is
that she has a lot of energy and she
speaks to the concerns of people and
this time we as a party have to run
towards the people we got to put real
solutions on the table you know here in
my state we're focused on making sure
that no cotton that no student comes out
of college in debt we've got to have get
back to our universities being as
affordable as they were for the boomers
you know we're focused on ensuring we
finally fully fund our schools we're
focused on the sharing finally that
everybody has health care and so you
know those sorts of basic issues are
deeply felt frankly voters of all kinds
I mean I have folks who voted for Donald
Trump who are coming back to the
Democratic Party to support me because
there's small businesspeople whose small
businesses have been choked under this
governor because health care costs keep
surging and he has no plan to deal with
it I've put a plan on the table for
state-based Medicare share Hall
they've researched it and they agree
this is the only real shot we have to
take on the pharmaceutical companies to
cut the cost of health care and finally
get our health care costs under control
Jason Kander can I ask you from your
perch and in your view in Missouri I
what would you say to national Democrats
about what is the best way how can they
best help you a Democrat running for a
municipal office that Democrats have
sort of neglected over the last 10 years
or so how can they help you and other
Democrats in a similar position and how
could they hurt you well I actually
think you know here in Kansas City this
is a non partisan municipal race and
certainly no secret that I'm a Democrat
but but I think really what we focus on
actually is making sure that we are you
know we have passion when we campaign
and that means just being authentic
being real telling people what you stand
for it doesn't matter what office you're
running for in that regard if it's what
I've always done you know
when I ran for the state legislature my
first race here in Kansas City I knocked
on 20,000 doors myself and people knew
that I was talking to them from my heart
same thing any campaign I've ever been
involved with and that'll be the same
thing here and now is I'm running for
mayor of Kansas City so what I tell my
fellow Democrats all the time is you got
to tell people why you believe what you
believe and you got to make sure that
they know that you believe it because
you care about them and that's just what
you got to do across the board no matter
what that's that's what Democrats need
to do and that's what I'm gonna do in my
race here in Kansas City it's what I've
always done I want to expand this
conversation out to the panel that's
sitting with with me here on set michael
steele is you're listening to these two
gentlemen what do you think is the is it
possible for democrats to kind of thread
the needle and win in places like
Maryland like Missouri like the Bronx on
you know one one message or does that
message the one in the Bronx risk seats
across the rest of well I think I think
to both these candidates point that
they're going to run the race that's in
their backyard
they can't run a national race in Kansas
City the been can't run a national race
in Maryland because the the because
local constituency wants to know what
are you going to do for me now so you
could hurt them and the media is
incredibly and more and more and Tom
Harry Ola has made this point are not
bad that you know voters are getting
national information voters are getting
national information but at the end of
the day it's always local look at what
happened in Virginia where the Democrats
upset a long-term incumbent Republican
how does she do it and as a transgender
candidate running in in Virginia she won
by saying I'm gonna fix the roads
it wasn't about it wasn't about LGBTQ
issues broadly speaking it wasn't about
health care NAT on the national scale it
was about fixing the damn roads so at
the end of the day it becomes a very
local issue for each of these candidates
in Kansas City they want to know okay
what are you going to do to make this a
great city that we think it is and in
Maryland is gonna be the same question
so be sure everything well I think
you're exactly right that's exactly what
we're saying I'm gonna Emily's list we
have a truly historic number of women
running for office across this country
they are doing very well in their prime
thus far in our position to do well in
the general election why because they
are just rolling up their sleeves
they're getting on the ground they're
talking to voters they're listening on
what folks need whether it's health care
Danika Rome talking about traffic oh
yeah I was just in southern Florida and
of course they're talking about gun
violence protection that we're seeing in
so many parts of the country it's really
understanding what the voters are
looking for in their areas and then
being authentic and listening and that's
why these women who are fresh faces a
lot of them have never run for anything
before and they are bringing these new
perspectives and passion about change
and that's where I think we've got a
great opportunities Democrats you know
so many times we keep talking about you
know the leader of the party the truth
is the leaders the leaders with an s of
the party are coming up fast and they
are on the ground right now winning
elections and they're gonna change this
entire country very quickly mr. jealous
and mr. candor at to you I'm curious
let's start with you mr. jealous
president president Trump you said that
we need to get rid of him what do you
say to voters who support him in your
state you know I have folks who voted
for him who are now supporting me and
they support me because they want to get
health care costs under control they
support me because they know that I
actually spend my days in the half
decades since I left the Association
I've been investing in small businesses
including several here in the state and
I know how to grow our economy they
support me because they want to make
sure that their kids go to schools that
are finally fully funded that we keep
the broken promise down here on the on
the casino money which we were promised
that the tax revenues from that would
increase care funding and we actually
keep that promise and so you know these
are real kitchen table issues I don't
think you'll find I just won 22 out of
24 counties in an eight-way race that
you'll find out we will do very well
this fall very quickly a Jason Kander
also on the president do you agree with
mr. mr. jawless do you wanna get rid of
President Trump well I didn't
I don't think that's a big surprise
look look look I'm running for mayor in
Kansas City because I want to make sure
that everybody in my town that my family
came to in the 1880s that I love has the
opportunity to find success for their
family the president would you like to
see Democrats who didn't reach the
president I'd like to see us focus right
now on winning in 2018 we got Claire
McCaskill running here in Missouri it's
incredibly important to Kansas City that
she's reelected because she does right
by our town that's where my focus is
going to be we've got an opportunity to
defeat right-to-work on the ballot here
in August so you know before we get to
this campaign that's it June of 2019 for
me April of June I'm gonna make sure
that we're doing the best things for
Kansas City and the 2018 elections as
well I appreciate your directional
skills uh sir and also your time very
much Ben Jealous Jason Kander thank you
very much hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
