are you going to ask your nominees
beforehand
how they might vote on Roe vs. Wade well
that's a big one and probably not
they're all saying don't do that you
don't do that you shouldn't do that but
I'm putting conservative people on but I
don't think I'm going to be so specific
and the questions I'll be answering and
I'm actually told that I shouldn't be
Justice Anthony Kennedy is retirement
from the Supreme Court has set up a
battle over his replacement and what it
means for the future of the court at the
center of the fight is the effect Donald
Trump's pick will have on Roe vs. Wade
back with me Tiffany Kraus co-founder
and managing editor of the beat DC
Jennifer Rubin Washington Post opinion
writer and Jason Johnson politics editor
for at the root I feel like friends of
the show know who all y'all are so we
may be was shortened it next time
because everybody knows you guys so the
whole issue of course of Roe I want to
go to you on this first Jennifer because
you've had a lot to say about Susan
Collins and Lisa Murkowski and the idea
that they can be moved on this issue if
enough pressure is applied here is
Senator Susan Collins of Maine this
morning on CNN's State of the Union
talking about whether she would vote to
affirm a Supreme Court candidate who was
against roe I would not support a
nominee who demonstrated hostility to
roe v wade because that would mean to me
that their judicial philosophy did not
include a respect for established
decisions established law but Jennifer
Rubin I would be surprising to me if any
nominee would openly demonstrate
hostility to Rho right they're just
gonna come in sirens foundation and just
be hostile to a quietly exactly what
everyone has to be crystal clear about
is everyone on that list in order to get
on the list in order to be vetted by the
Federalist Society which put it together
has to be committed to overturning Roe
they wouldn't be on the list if they
didn't that's the name of the game Susan
Collins could say well if long as the
person upholds precedent well he didn't
say he was hostile no no no any of the
people on that list voting for them is a
vote to overturn roe v wade and it's
very interesting how the right and the
pro-life movement now is saying
no necessarily finding someone to
overturn Roe oh no no no we're just
talking about a conservative minded
justice they are scared because they
realize now the issue is front and
center for the American people do you
want to criminalize abortion because
that's what about half the states are
going to do if Rho goes away yeah so do
you want to criminalize abortion do you
want to punish women and doctors or
don't you it's a very simple question
yeah and let's just put it this map here
to show you where abortion rights would
be immediately at risk you can see there
yellow is the low risk states orange is
the medium risk red see that that's all
the high risk states Tiffany where there
already laws all the books poised if Rho
were to fall that it would become
illegal or at least very very hard to
obtain there's always been sort of a lot
of the to quite two options either
Republicans really want because their
base really wants to overturn Roe let's
just not let's just not put too fine a
point on it and that they want it to or
they just want the issue and that they
actually don't want Roe to really fall
because then you'd have 50 civil wars in
the United in each of these individual
states right we've seen the Republican
Party cares so much about fetuses but
not that much about babies they don't
mind putting babies in cages but they
just don't you know want women to have
the right to choose decide what to do
with their own bodies I have to tell you
and I know you're much further ahead
than me so we can't talk about this too
much I'm in season one of The Handmaid's
Tale I have to tell you when they show
the flashbacks to how they got there it
is like watching present-day news and
it's very scary this is a very scary
time and Democrats really don't have any
leverage as your guest in the previous
segment talked about which is a scary
time of Donald Trump's list first of all
the list of 25 people there were to
people of color
not that it mattered they all you know
lean extremely conservative and I do
think you have around 25 states well the
issue will inevitably land in the
Supreme Court yep and it will eventually
get overturned and I just as we have
this conversation I don't want people to
take their eyes off some of these
district court judges who've been
appointed yep they're soju brewery
trying to cover this administration is
like trying to catch confetti and
there's so much that has happened
already the train has left the station
yeah if there's anything that Democrats
can do because I don't think there is
the whole this vote until after November
McConnell has already tried to walk it
back and change his
McConnell rule rect it's not a
presidential election year that's what I
meant but if there's anything I just
don't know a way I've looked at the
issue I can't see a way that Democrats
have any leverage here I think this is a
foregone conclusion and I just I was
joking with Jason earlier I wanted to
disagree with him a little bit cuz he
tweeted that the the judge because
Kennedy was a conservative but I think
whoever Donald Trump appoints is going
to be to the right of Kennedy so I do
think that we're going to see some
changes on the court and will be Kennedy
note Kennedy was the swing vote that was
keeping row legal I mean let's not be
let's not be unclear I mean Trump
praised him because his son was on the
it was in the bank that lent Trump money
but Trump's baize didn't like Kennedy
because Kennedy every so often did
something that wasn't far far far far
right-wing um I want to play for you
Jason Johnson the Democratic senator
Maria Cantwell explaining the Democrats
strategy you've been pretty critical of
Democratic strategy on the SCOTUS in
general what I'll let you react to this
take a listen the plan here is to speak
out about the change in balance in the
court you are not just voting as was
with Gorsuch
for just one more name you know that
Justice Kennedy was a swing vote that he
was a libertarian that sometimes he
sided with the conservative justices
sometimes he upheld what were very
important issues of marriage equality of
issues on the environment he said why
are Democrats always just have such
equanimity I mean when when uh Scalia
when the Justice Scalia passed away you
know the president then nominated a
moderate he didn't nominate someone that
would radically shift the court to the
left and now Democrats are saying oh
we're not gonna throw our bodies in
front of this nomination we're just
gonna talk about philosophy that is the
worst campaign Slope I just heard like
the Peanuts you want want want want want
want want I don't care you have to make
this a dire situation and here this is
any Democrat who wants a strategy on
this it's really basic like I said I've
worked for both parties so I'm gonna
give them some free advice you say
unless you want to have to sneak from
state to state to get an abortion
you got to go out and fight you got to
go out and vote because the Supreme
Court they're not just gonna overturn
Roe vs. Wade
immediate
right that does work for you know
handmaidens tale they haven't blown up
the Boston Globe yet but you know what's
what they're going to do is they're just
going to keep chipping away at it like
they've done with the Affordable Care
Act and what they'll say is look bill if
there's no federal mandate there's no
this there's no that and state-by-state
it will become harder and harder and
harder for women to make choices and not
only that it'll get into prenatal care
it'll get into contraception access so
it's not just going to be about abortion
that's what Democrats need to scream
about
nobody wants a philosophy lesson and if
you have to take twenty five minutes to
explain how millions of people's lives
will be affected you shouldn't be in
office anymore you should be out writing
papers because you're not a good
campaign and you know Jennifer Rubin
someone who's been in the Republican
Party can you just make it clear it is
true that Republicans want the Supreme
Court to overturn roe v wade the
watching the examiner's editorial this
week said so for 40 years this has been
their goal all you have to do is go back
and look at people like Ted Cruz who
doesn't think that women should be
allowed to have an abortion in cases of
rape and incest they have said this over
and over again and now no no no it's not
us no this has been the goal this has
been the pledge for the party this has
been in the Republican platform come on
guys you know Democrats may have their
wool pulled over the eyes now and then
but even they don't believe this so it
just shows you how afraid they are of
that confrontation because across the
country 67% of voters do not want to
reverse Roe absolutely and let's not
look pretended it's just about roe v--
wade because it was an affirmative
action in the balance the Voting Rights
Act would probably be dead yep if they
are and and you could eventually be
looking at a 72 court because the next
two oldest justices are both the
Liberals and if they were to retire very
quickly
um the other option that was presented
to Democrats that Republicans are
talking about more the Democrats are the
Democrats have already dismissed as a as
a strategic option here's Lindsey Graham
on Meet the Press saying the Donald
Trump Supreme Court pick should not have
to automatically recuse themselves while
issues related to the rush investigation
even though that person could give him a
5-4 vote that says he can pardon himself
in theory let's listen to Rosie green
the idea that she
can't judge somebody who picks you is
probably not a ground for recruit
recusal you got to show there's a
connection between the case at hand and
the activity of a judge makes perfect
sense to me that Jeff Sessions can't
oversee an investigation of a campaign
you was part of but I wouldn't have a
broad rule that you can't you know
review anything against President Trump
because he chose you Donald Trump asked
for loyalty pledges from everyone that
he appoints to everything this is
ridiculous and really this is what this
court pic is all about it's not just Rho
V wave I would argue that they hit red
herring I mean there is definitely a
reasonable course of action where
charges against Donald Trump could
potentially went in front of the Supreme
Court and this is all a part of his
strategy to discredit the investigation
and if that doesn't work then supply the
courts with judges who would defend him
at no cost so this is a challenge I just
want to say to Jennifer's point and to
your point Democrats have to do better
and if you can't stand with the people
then step aside yeah absolutely I'm
gonna give you the last word on this
Jason because you've been critical of
the strategy going back to Merrick
garland yeah look they they don't have a
strategy and this goes back to two
things and I said this before one Barack
Obama tried to get Ruth Bader Ginsburg
to retire so points for him he tried to
tell her look this might happen but when
he failed to put Merrick garland on the
court I said it was one of the most
cowardly ridiculous decisions that any
president has ever made in history and
he will be judged harshly had the
president done something at the time
even if that person had left office we
would be looking at a different
situation in the court it's not all his
fault but we need to think about that
head and four people have to play this
game more seriously the Democrats have
to be tougher I mean I don't know a lot
of people argue that had he put someone
up as nominee as a nominee that people
would have gone into the streets for I
mean that was this one world if he says
here's sherrilyn Ifill or here's
something that people were in the
streets demonstrating for not that
Merrick garland isn't a perfectly great
judge Merrick garland fans please don't
come from an - they're already get a cup
for you Jason there's nothing to do
about that instead of removing adjacent
does that are all-stars thank you guys
for being here and up next to former
clerk for Justice Kennedy discusses the
looming fight over the next Supreme
Court nominee
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
