dear friend I wish I could meet you and
help you to follow your dreams because
that is something no one can ever take
away from you the pain you feel today is
the strength you will need to carry on
and keep going it may feel hard but you
can do it I know you can this is a
letter to all the children in the
detention centers do not think of
America as a cruel place or people hate
you and put you in jail there are people
good people who are going to help you
find your families again good morning
and welcome to am joy from Anchorage
Alaska to El Paso Texas - right outside
the trump National Golf Club in
Bedminster Bedminster New Jersey more
than 750 protests took place Saturday
under the banner of families belong
together to protest the Trump
administration's zero-tolerance
immigration policy under which people
seeking asylum in the US have faced
prosecution and family separation at the
border and right across that southern
border today is a huge day for Mexicans
who will hit the polls to elect a new
Congress and its next president for a
single six-year term the candidate
favored to win is Andres Manuel Lopez
Obrador known across Mexico as M lo a
leftist nationalist populist who is not
a fan of Donald Trump last week The
Guardian reported that lo Pretlow PES
Obrador denounced Trump for his quote
arrogant racist and inhuman treatment of
children given trump's penchant for
publicly rebuking both our southern and
our norbert northern neighbors and
allies mexico's likely new president may
pose a challenge for trump and his plans
for NAFTA trade and his big beautiful
border wall i neesee's Kerry Sanders is
in Mexico City following the
presidential elections and joined that
joins us now all right Kerry so is it
going as as people have predicted that
lo Pretlow PES over at or will be the
next president of Mexico and if so what
do people down there think that's gonna
mean
well you know he presents a very unusual
sort of definition of what he is
presenting as a candidate here and that
is even though he's very much an insider
a bloke has presented himself as an
outsider somebody who is challenging the
establishment somebody who is going to
say things that perhaps other candidates
have not said in fact many people have
likened his bravado to that of the
Donald Trump campaign but what he is
going to be presented with if he is
indeed elected here 89 million people
going to the polls today is that problem
with the border and one of the things
that this country is now going to face
is the possibility of so many of those
who have made their way out of Central
America crossing through Mexico being
unable to make it into the United States
asking for refugee status political
asylum in this country they do grant it
it's not granted that often you imagine
about 450,000 people making their way
over the border from Central America
only about 14,000 have requested and
received political asylum here in the
most recent statistics so it is a
possibility that many of those who can't
penetrate across into the United States
or are fearful now to cross because of
children and parents being separated may
wind up becoming residents of Mexico and
from those that I spoke to who are sort
of in a no-man's land here right now
refugees a family that I met coming out
of Honduras that has its hopes of
getting to the United States they feel
sort of stuck they don't want to stay in
Mexico their goal is they say to live
the American Dream joy thank you very
much Kerry Sanders who's live for us in
Mexico City appreciated join me now is
Maria in a HOSA of the Pluto Media Group
in NPR's Latino USA Congressman
privilege I Paul and MSNBC correspondent
Mariana Atencio thank you all for being
here I want to start with the the
election in Mexico Maria because you do
have the sort of stereotypical sort of
view of AMLO that here comes a new who
vote Chavez that's the sort of line that
you're hearing about him he is of a
socialist nationalist sort of populist
bent
he's a anti Trump but so was Enrique
Pena Nieto who's from the pre which is
the true the party that's governed
Mexico for a la
of the years that the US has been paying
attention to it do you see just from
your reporting what would be the
substantive difference between a
presidency like an Lowe's and Enrique
Pena Nieto I think that there's mm-hmm
there's a sense in which I'm law is not
that the perception of the United States
is that I'm Louise running as this kind
of anti Trump population that's actually
not what's happening if anything immoral
is running as I'm a Mexican and I'm
interested in what's happening in Mexico
and the United States like you're you
know you're over there the interesting
things in terms of the relationship and
how the geopolitics can change is that
Mexico now is gonna have international I
mean there are international observers
down there now let's just say the
Mexican experiment in democracy shows
that you have more than half of the
citizens voting then all of a sudden
Mexico becomes the reigning kind of
symbol of democracy the United States
becomes increasingly isolated right
Mexico is having relationships all
around the world and and what happens in
terms of the politic is does Mexico
become the country that says hey our
economy is growing we welcome you back
if you want to come back but if the
United States if Donald Trump wants to
pick a fight and basically if that
happens it's in Donald Trump's court I
think Mexico will respond well and then
the question I have is you're seeing all
across Europe this reaction against
immigrants in a lot of cases it's Syrian
refugees throughout Europe or being
rejected
it's minority groups like the Roma who
are being rejected in Italy so you have
these these movements that are all very
nationalistic in character and very anti
non-white immigrants be blunt and that
same sort of survive taking place inside
the United States inside the Republican
Party I wonder if in Mexico you're gonna
start to see a reaction a popular
reaction against immigrants when you see
the United States potentially putting in
place a new plan there's a new
Department of Justice plan being pushed
by Jefferson sessions that would likely
stop most Central Americans from getting
through Mexico to the United States it
would make anyone convicted of entering
the US illegally it would make them
ineligible
permanently for asylum it would make
domestic victims of domestic violence
and gang bonds all banned which means a
lot of these Central American migrants
would be banned just de-facto
Central Americans would be penalized for
not first seeking asylum in Mexico
before asking here and tightening the
entire Asylum process if that happens
and it pushes more Central American
migrants to seek asylum in Mexico how
does that then change the politics for
AM law look I think it's incredibly
complicated Mexico has had to understand
that it is a country that is now
receiving immigrants and it's by the way
it's not new okay so that that this is a
country I mean there have been
Argentinian Asian immigrants in Mexico
for a long time but Mexico itself has to
kind of do this like okay so now we're a
country of immigrants how are we gonna
deal with that and I think that you know
my immediate thought of how people are
the people of Mexico are receiving the
people of Central America I think of the
women who independently in small towns
were bagging up little lunches and
taquitos and sandwiches and throwing
them to the people on the bestia on the
train as they were coming knowing that
these are hungry people seeking refuge
so I think of the people having that
response I'm very afraid I have to tell
you that when you go to Mexico what you
see in terms of their kind of
immigration structure it's so much
mirrors the United States yeah and this
is something yeah so they need I'm not
going to change that I'm not sure that
train may have left the station but what
what is true is that I don't think that
I'm Lou is gonna be the one who is
picking an immigration fight with Donald
Trump right yeah it's gonna be Donald
Trump picking an immigration fight with
Andale and then there will be a response
yeah absolutely and congresswoman I'm
John Paul let's talk about how this
winds up playing out because you have at
the same time Donald Trump threatening
to cancel NAFTA which would cancel our
most important trading relationships
which our two biggest trading partners
are Canada and Mexico
you have Mexico than reaching out to the
Pacific trade partnership that's being
done without us because he got us out of
TPP and then at the same time you have
he's creating a refugee crisis where
he's stopping people where his policies
mean you can't get through the ports of
entry and so you have a crisis that's
gonna bottleneck back into Mexico how do
you see just from the point of view of
governance this election changing the
way the u.s. now deals with our
closest trading partner in neighbor
Mexico well I think the saddest thing is
that the United States has really given
up any global leadership role on a whole
host of issues including the
relationships with our northern and
southern closest partners and so I think
that you know Donald Trump does not
understand that the United States really
cannot exist in isolation and he's
taking us back to a time when he you
know he thinks maybe that was possible
but we need a relationship with Mexico
we need a relationship with Canada and I
think he's continued to threaten the
Mexican president whoever it is and
whoever it will be to say you have to
stop everything that's happening across
the border but of course we know that
this has to do with a number of things
including the cartels including a number
of other pieces the irony joy is that
Donald Trump is taking money away from
smuggling from all of the things that we
should be looking at along the border
and refusing to pass comprehensive
immigration reform which would actually
allow us to have a an understandable and
logical process for who comes in across
the southern border so I think he will
continue to pick fights because that's
what he does and he does not understand
that the United States has always set
the bar high for issues around
immigration around refugees not that we
haven't had our problems believe me we
have but the United States has been a
leader on many of these human rights
issues on you know the right to seek
refuge the right to seek asylum and I
think that Mexico as a country and other
countries around the world are looking
at the United States now and saying well
we're just going to do what the United
States is doing so I think it has you
know ripple effects across many many
countries around the world in terms of
how we treat not just refugees and
asylees but how we treat the new world
as it is where globalization has meant
that you know goods and services are
flowing now of course that's changing a
little bit but you know we've never been
able to sort of deal with the
consequences of how people move in an
age of globalization yeah and I think
every president has to deal with that
and think about
what is u.s. foreign policy in these
countries like Honduras Nicaragua
Guatemala that is actually causing
people to flee the stories that I heard
from the people in Honduras were you
know stories that were absolutely
absolutely horrific and the United
States has a role in some of what causes
people to flee around the world yeah and
I'm gonna go to mariana attend sir on
that very point because you've been
interviewing and talking with these
fleeing families that are seeking asylum
in the United States what does it mean
in your view just from you having spoken
with a lot of these families if they're
being pushed out of their countries by
extreme violence and fear pushed back by
the United States that's really extreme
policy The Daily Beast has a piece now
that is likened it to early stage
Mussolini this sense that you have to
justify repressive force because of
creating this fear and this terror that
oh my goodness all of these you know
illegal immigrants are flooding across
the border and creating this atmosphere
of fear where he can justify really
forcing people back and now a new
administration in Mexico who we don't
know what their policy will be on
whether people can seek asylum their joy
these are displaced people we could be
looking at a lost generation like I saw
in the Syrian border with my own eyes I
spoke with a young woman 21 years old
with a two-year-old baby girl and she
said that these gangs in Central America
were threatening her to become their sex
slave and she said I couldn't deal with
that so I had to leave and now she's
stuck in some shelter along the border
and she doesn't know where to go because
I think to Maria's point the way that
these Central American immigrants are
treated in Mexico the rights have been
violated that is not something that is
new that's why you had this migrant
caravan that I was embedded with these
people needed the safety of the numbers
to even go through Mexico for their
children not to be taken away I was
speaking to a source on the ground there
organizations in the south of Mexico
they also separate children inside
facilities from their parents they don't
put them in cages but the rights of
these Central American immigrants are
also violated
oh so these are people who are extremely
vulnerable who have nowhere to go
and then in talking about what the
congresswoman was saying are we really
as a nation here in the United States
exercising this role as a global leader
and addressing the root causes of the
problem in Central America and in all
these other countries because clearly
the solution isn't for everybody to come
here but when you see Mike Pence the
homeland security secretary in Central
America this week
Pence's message was you have to stop
this exodus that's what he told the
three presidents of these of these
nations well what is the United States
doing in terms of investment in in
education what we're hearing from the
Trump administration is threatening to
cut aid to undo dust and then finally
just from my own personal standpoint joy
being from Venezuela I'm still a legal
immigrant from Venezuela I'm not a US
citizen I had to flee my own country
because of a humanitarian crisis there I
took my sister out last year we met here
with our local congresswoman to see
about seeking asylum for her it is an
extremely complicated process to
navigate and when the US doesn't
exercise its role as a regional leader
the sense of isolation in these
countries I lived it in my own country
it is engulfed it engulfs you and that
also makes way for countries like Russia
like China like Iran to fill in that
power vacuum you know the values they
may not be democratic and thank you for
that personal revelation of money
mariana because i think that's the thing
we're missing is how much of a magnet
the idea of freedom of refugees and it's
an asylum seekers having refuge in the
United States that's such a powerful
notion around the world that it's why
people used to choose to come here the
idea that people would now be afraid of
the United States rather than look at it
hopefully the way your family did
Mariana is actually pretty sobering to
think about as somebody who's the
daughter of two immigrants as well Maria
and Congressman
Paul will be back later thank you thank
you Mariana Atencio really appreciate
you and stay right there because up next
the best shot Democrats have for
fighting Donald Trump's bid to reshape
the Supreme Court for the next
generation for 20 or 30 years
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
