day 526 of the Trump administration and
the president tonight says he will
announce his choice for the Supreme
Court next month I'll be announcing it
the Monday after July 4th we will have
more on the president's list of nominees
just ahead but we begin with the war
between the Trump White House and the
Department of Justice specifically the
president's own Deputy Attorney General
Rod Rosenstein the man overseeing the
special counsels Russia investigation
the president and his allies in Congress
have been hammering Rosenstein over this
Muller inquiry and the house has given
the Deputy Attorney General until July 6
to turn over some sensitive documents
related to that investigation some House
Republicans have floated the threat of
holding Rosenstein in contempt of
Congress a potential first step to his
possible impeachment if he doesn't
comply with this request this afternoon
Trump was asked about that I think the
whole thing is going to work out what is
necessary
I really believe it's gonna work out
very easily between
get what they need we should explain
these are comments recorded by audio and
not video when the president visited
reporters in the back of Air Force One
flying from Andrews to North Jersey for
the weekend you may recall Rosenstein
wrote the memo in effect the cover story
that the White House used to justify the
firing of former FBI director James
Comey here's what Rosenstein said about
that decision so with regard to the
Russia investigation do you stand by
your recommendation to fire James Comey
I have testified several times about
this and yes I do tonight the New York
Times is shedding new light on Rosen
Stein's private anger over quote being
used to rationalize commies dismissal
Michael Schmitt who's standing by to
join us tonight reports that in the days
after the firing Rosenstein said quote
the experience damaged his reputation
according to four people familiar with
his outbursts he alternately defended
his involvement expressed remorse at the
tumult it unleashed said the White House
had manipulated him fumed how the news
media had portrayed the events and said
the full story would vindicate him said
the people according to one person with
whom he spoke shortly after mr. commis
firing mr. Rosen Stein was shaken
unsteady overwhelmed another person in
touch with mr. Rosen Stein around that
time said he sounded frantic nervous
upset and emotionally disregulated
and we do have some other news tonight
about this Muller investigation today
the special counsel asked to judge for
another delay and the actual sentencing
of the former Trump national security
adviser Mike Flynn Flynn's been working
for the feds but this is the third time
his sentencing has been put off also for
the first time a member of Muller's team
is speaking out publicly about the
investigation into Paul manna for
Trump's one-time campaign chairman an
FBI agent testified in Virginia court
today that Manta Ford's personal
assistant gave him access to a storage
locker that contained boxes of financial
documents josh Gerstein of Politico who
will join us in a moment reported on
another wrinkle that emerged from
FBI agents testimony he writes quote a
meeting last year where Associated Press
reporters discussed with federal
officials the news outlets investigation
of Paul mana Ford's finances may have
led the FBI to a storage locker the
bureau raided so a lot to talk about the
panel's standing by but first we want to
get more on the aforementioned Michael's
from the aforementioned Michael Schmidt
Pulitzer prize-winning Washington
correspondent for The New York Times he
is with us by telephone Michael talked
us through an eight-day period what was
happening in the turnaround from the
Comey firing to the Muller hiring so
Donald Trump wanted to send a letter to
James Comey about why he was firing him
but the White House Counsel did not
think that was a good idea but he
brought the Attorney General in the
deputy regional over to the White House
to talk about this and Rosenstein agreed
to write a memo about the firing that
memo was later used by the White House
as the basis the explanation for why the
president was firing combing the
interesting thing about the letter
though was that it was about how Comey
had been too mean to Hillary Clinton
during the campaign and it mishandled
the email investigation it was an odd
cover story and in real-time that
afternoon that evening as we were
covering the dismissal of Comey people
were casting doubt with each word as
they read it people on this network and
others it was an odd thing to pin the
dismissal of Comey on correct especially
with a very high profile Russian
investigation beginning to intensify
over the administration it was it was it
was a sort of an odd way of explaining
this this incredibly powerful political
moment for the president which
Rosenstein it blew back on him he became
the scapegoat and he was widely
criticized for his role in it and within
that eight-day period he received a lot
of pressure from the FBI and ultimately
decides to appoint Muller after learning
that Trump had asked Comey to end the
investigation into Mike Flynn his former
national security adviser and obviously
that did
probably being the biggest one to impact
the president since he came to office
before we let you go one more question
and that is how does Jeff Sessions
figure in your story for those who
haven't had a chance to read it yet well
Jeff Sessions figures well because he
recused himself from the Russia
investigation right after he was sworn
in at the beginning of 2017 so he does
not have to deal with the Russia
investigation he is shielded from it and
that's why Rose ensign is the person
that Republicans are attacking he is the
person who oversees Muller he is the one
that will decide whether Muller can move
forward with things whether he can
invite people whether he can send a
report to Congress it is all in Rod
Rosenstein pan Michael Schmitt our
thanks for joining us by telephone this
Friday night following your story on
this subject for The New York Times
today we want to turn now to our leadoff
panel on a Friday evening the
aforementioned Josh Gerstein senior
White House reporter for Politico Joel
whine bank's attorney and former
assistant Watergate special counsel and
guy Lewis is back with us a former US
attorney who's worked with Muller Comey
and Rosenstein among others while a DOJ
guy I'd actually like to begin with you
and will do so after we replay kind of a
collection of the not-so-great hits from
that House hearing yesterday and the
various ways they came after rod
Rosenstein you you know they talk about
the Moller investigation it's really the
Rosen Stein investigation you appointed
Muller you're supervising Muller and I
wonder why you won't give us what we've
asked for sir I certainly hope that your
colleagues are not under that impression
that is not accurate sir it is accurate
we have caught you hiding sir it's time
your statement that I'm personally
keeping information from you trying to
conceal information you're the boss mr.
Rosas time that's correct
and my job is to make sure that we
respond to your concerns we have sir so
guy Louis in normal times a career
prosecutor at the Justice Department a
Republican for all we know would enjoy
ample air cover from the White House
this appears to be whatever the opposite
of that is as a former Fed your's
how does this guy who you know hang on
Braun I got to tell you it was a it was
a tough week without question for rod
the hearings were brutal in the sense of
you really did have a career Republican
former assistant US attorney former
loyal US Attorney former Deputy Attorney
General in the tax division attacked
viciously by other Republicans I mean
you remember of course Ronald Reagan's
old adage of the 11th commandment thou
shalt not attack another Republican and
of course they threw that that Bible out
the window and they just viciously
attacked rod III did watch the hearing
and I think rod stood up he gave it
right back to him he's a tough guy and I
think rods gonna weather the storm I
really do all right well thank you for
that prediction Jill do you think
Rosenstein is a bigger witness for the
prosecution or the defense in this case
and what does all that mean for him I
think he has done an admirable job who
in withstanding the attacks on him which
have been viciously personal and
completely inappropriate it's it's
almost unheard of for a Republican
senator to attack in the way he was
attacked he's done a wonderful job of
keeping his head and answering the
questions as best he could even when
being cut off and not being allowed to
speak I think that he ultimately is
going to do the right thing and keep
this investigation going as he has
unless they continue to attack him and
actually fire him and that would lead to
a huge public outcry by Republicans and
Democrats so I think he's much more on
the prosecution's side and in defending
Muller and the special prosecution going
forward Josh I got to say just looking
at him I hope the guy has a supportive
family and a hobby because he is under
as much pressure as any public official
right now that that we've seen and Josh
because you've been around
when you read about in Mike Schmidt
story the the genuine despair that list
of modifiers and emotions we used at the
top of the broadcast how does that
strike you well I know that a lot of
Rosen Stein's friends were mystified by
the situation that he found himself in
in May of last year he's a veteran
bureaucratic operator in the Justice
Department on nearly three decades so
this is not somebody wet-behind-the-ears
unfamiliar with the interaction between
the White House and the Justice
Department and how to manage it and so
there ended up being two camps a number
of people thought that Rosenstein had
just made a serious error in judgment in
how to handle this situation
and some others thought he had made some
kind of deal that it was some effort to
ingratiate himself by writing this
letter for the White House and to
ingratiate himself with the new White
House for reasons that are not entirely
clear and now I think in part as a
result of that that one week or so in
May he finds himself really in a
Faustian bargain here that that has
caused all this trouble between him and
Republicans on Capitol Hill
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
