welcome back Democrats are fired up over
the latest vacancy in the Supreme Court
but how can they channel that anger into
something productive joining me now is
Ben whittler he's the Washington
director of moveon.org then welcome back
thanks to be thanked for the chance to
be here so as we as outlined at the top
it seems like Democrats fall into three
camps here right you got the leadership
just looking for a way to keep the party
United in Chuck Schumer and in saying
just going for delay you've got the
moderates looking out for themselves in
their own reelection which
understandable the politicians do and
then I acted a space there they feel as
if right oh my god
look what they did the Merrick garland I
can't believe this they want to do
something but there's really nothing
Democrats can do and yet I take it you'd
like to see them do something what is
that something so there is something new
Merck rats can do and that thing is
using the moral force of arguments about
what a fifth hyper conservative on the
Supreme Court will do to actual human
lives will do to women's reproductive
freedom criminalizing abortion will do
to our health care systems shredding
government protections for people with
pre-existing conditions will do to the
freedom to marry who you love those are
the things that people understand in
their own lives and if we bring it back
not procedural arguments not the kind of
you know political arguments if we bring
it back always to how it's going to
actually affect people's freedom and
life or death right now that's the kind
of moral argument that if made with the
kind of energy we had in the health care
fight that's our best shot actually
winning this let me ask you this yeah
and this is this is gonna why is it that
your side of the aisle progresses don't
unify in the gin the judge issue the way
conservatives like conservatives decided
this was a hill to die on about 25 years
ago and they built a fortress to
basically to to to fight these fights in
the in the judiciary branch the
progressive movement seems to get upset
about court the court after the fact
never before the fact why is that so
historically it's been sort of like
anti-war movements which tend to get
going after the war begins right
that's been a problem I think this time
is going to be different because this
time it's very clear that the fifth vote
on Roe versus Wade the the fifth vote on
marriage equality that fits the fifth
vote on the the games that have been
made and crucial things that people sort
of expect to be part of their lives
that's now at stake that's in danger and
we we haven't had a vote that shifted
the balance of power in the court in the
same way until now people there's this
powerful psychology of loss aversion
people really really fight to avoid
losing something that they've counted on
and right now suddenly that's what's on
the table here that's why I think was in
hindsight what was the mistake you think
Democrats did in 16 with this seat do
you think that the Senate Democrats
President Obama what we'll in hindsight
what was the mistake I think the
fundamental thing in 16 was you know if
there was a very high-minded argument
for a nominee like Merrick garland and
he's a wonderful guy and jurist by all
accounts he was not a nominee that fired
up grassroots activist but with the
vision because he was a white guy he was
both a white guy and an older white guy
and also a person with a track record of
the most measured you know careful
opinions not somebody who can see what
you're saying it don't be a radical
moderate saying yeah I'm saying if you
want people to you know wake up in the
morning and think how do I get that guy
on the court you got to put someone up
who champions a vision of justice that
people deeply believe in that they can
see how it would play out on their own
lives and I think that's on the right
very very content for the Democrats have
ever done that for a Supreme Court
nominee that's a great question every
piece to be a later Ginsburg now right
okay honestly I don't remember a ground
SWAT covered that that was one of my
early early years
I don't Stephen Breyer was the second
choice of Bill Clinton's I think at the
time that wasn't the same thing when if
Democrats ever gotten excited about a
court pick so I think there's a noble
high-minded view of the kind of
classical idea of how courts work that
has has rained in on the left
excuse me among Democrats for you know
maybe the last century and it hasn't
caught up to the reality that on the
right there's a very clear instrumental
view of the courts as an instrument of
partisan warfare and as an extension of
the conservative movement
there's a whole apparatus that's built
around this idea that the courts can be
where they we think the less problem is
they don't accept that premise that the
courts are also a partisan playground
that that basically Republicans decided
now we're gonna make it a partisan we're
gonna fight it as a partisan warfare
there are liberals on the courts so
let's get conservatives on the course
let's have at it and Democrats are stuck
in the idea that no the judiciary
supposed to be the umpire I think we are
now in a moment where it is clear that
the war has been declared whether
Democrats like it or not and this is the
time that we need to fight that war I
think that I think that shift has come
and I think you saw that war being
declared with what they did to Merrick
garland and you're gonna see it now with
a pre-approved pre-vetted list of you
know anti row conservatives that Trump
has promised to appoint from at this
point the writing's on the wall and
while there were some stumbles out of
the gate I think we're going to see a
moral argument put forward and a level
of activism in this traditional
nomination that is very different from
court fights in the past so what does
that mean is that just and how questions
are asked by the Democrats on the
Judiciary Committee during the
confirmation hearings or is this about
coat hangers to Suzanne Collins which I
noticed is now a hashtag on the Internet
I think it's it's most of all gonna be
about constituents in Alaska and in
Maine and frankly in states with with
Democrats and anyone who might be on the
fence so you're gonna target individual
the three Democrats we saw at the White
House and any other waivers potentially
and then you're gonna target those two
Republicans I think certainly and any
any Democrat and absolutely those two
Republicans I also think frankly corker
and flake have to answer for this
question of do you want the president to
appoint someone who will pass the fifth
vote that the president can pardon
himself like do you do you want somebody
who's ready to carry the president's
water but the grassroots pressure people
have so much pent up both fear and also
just outrage about what could happen I
hear you but that's gonna channel itself
into grassroots pressure everywhere that
senators you know every time they speak
everywhere they got that as you know it
seems as if progressives have 20 fights
they want to have right now and is that
part of the problem concentrating on one
fight rather than 20 you know the weird
thing about the Trump era is that
in the past it was always like which
place do we focus now there is plenty of
energy to go around and this is your
saying fight all 20 fights I think this
is we're working tomorrow there will be
March with hundreds of thousands of
people across the countries on the
immigration and migration immigration
the people who are at that March on
Monday will pick up the phone and call
both other senators in demand that they
you know get ready to reject an
extremist Supreme Court judge this
people are and then the next day they're
gonna be knocking on doors you're
already judging an extremist we don't
know who the nominee is gonna be if we
what we know is that there's a list of
people who were selected because they
are on board but in fairness we don't
know that yet if he nominates Merrick
garland I and say look he's finally
correcting this historic injustice all
right you know I didn't think there it
is president move on we'll help get
Merrick garland confirmed if he's
president Trump's nominee happy Friday
Ben we're clear Thanks
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
