my heart just goes out to the families
and friends of the people who were
unfortunately killed that's never
something that crossed my mind when I
took the internship that I might see
people die people that were nothing but
welcoming and comforting to me that was
the Capitol Gazette intern Anthony
Messinger talking about his experience
Thursday when a gunman opened fire in
the papers newsroom killing five people
we want to highlight those victims he
mentioned in the words of their
colleagues who were forced to write
obituaries for their friends and
co-workers editorial page editor Gerald
Fishman quote for more than 25 years
Fishman was the conscience and voice of
the Annapolis news organization writing
scathing insightful and always exacting
editorials about the community he was
the guardian angel he was the guardian
against libel the arbiter of taste and a
peculiar and endearing figure in a
newsroom full of characters assistant
editor and columnist Rob hyacinth he was
hired quote to add a more human
dimension to news coverage and indeed he
became known for stories about people
and community life he celebrated his
33rd wedding anniversary last week with
a former journalist who teaches English
at Dulaney high school Thursday was her
58th birthday
writer and editor John McNamara who went
by Mac was remembered by his colleagues
for his flexibility concise writing and
extensive knowledge of regional sports a
former editor noting the need for
versatility at small papers said
McNamara could write he could edit he
could design pages he was just a
jack-of-all-trades and a fantastic
person editor and community reporter
wendy Winters was in her second career
she had a talent for community
connecting with the community and
documenting people's achievements and
important local events beyond the
newsroom she identified herself as a
proud Navy mom a church youth advisor a
Red Cross volunteer and a Girl Scout
leader who could make a means more sales
assistant Rebecca Smith was a recent
hire at the Capitol Gazette but
already proved herself a valuable asset
Smith described herself on her Facebook
page as a survivor of endometriosis and
a dog mom
softball fiance bonus mom - the best kid
ever a touching reference to her
fiance's daughter you can read a lot
more about all of these folks on the
Capital Gazette's website and we truly
hope you do they were people doing a job
to inform their community in the world
they deserve to be remembered
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
