let's now take a closer look
specifically at the front page of
today's Capitol does that in the opinion
page it's usually full it was left blank
listing the names of the victims saying
today we're speechless tomorrow this
page will return to its steady purpose
of offering our readers import informed
opinion about the world around them that
they might be better citizens
so newspaper that's been around in some
form before America was born and it is
true to the journalistic tradition there
to inform people the capital Gazette's
just think about this the local news
business has been going away for the
last decade at least and here's one
organization that has been preserved
honored in that area and now rocked the
former executive editor capital gazettes
former executive editor Tom Marquardt
joins us now Tom thank you for joining
us we are sorry for the loss of those
colleagues from your former news
organization what are your thoughts
right now everybody in the newsroom
obviously is shaken about how what
happened yeah what do you know how
they're handling things I'm sure they're
handling a professional at getting
journalists would frankly I have not
been in contact with into reporters who
are currently there so I don't know
firsthand information how they're
adjusting but I know many of the people
who are there are truly professionals
and the fact that they got through
today's edition through their grief and
everything else I was happening around
them speaks to their professionalism and
quite honestly I'm very proud of what
they're doing can you give us some
background on what the suspects issue is
with the paper because there's a lot of
stories that are kind of swirling out
there right I mean it's it's it stems
from a story that was written by a court
reporter who was covering the beat like
any other day and came across a story
that intrigued him and it was something
that he felt would resonate with our
readers about a woman who was harassed
and stalked by somebody who eventually
was found guilty of that crime and so
the story ran
obviously mr. Ramos was not happy with
the publicity that a garnered at the
time he established a web page in which
she would often post his rantings and
his complaints against the capital
eventually he filed a defamation lawsuit
which over time he lost he gained the
system he represented himself as his own
attorney and was able to work through
all the loopholes and all the appeals
process to prolong this this lawsuit
against us but in the end he lost during
this whole time unlike most plaintiffs
who bring cases against newspapers he
continued to post on his web site really
negative comments often profanity ridden
that were vague threats against our
lives and our reputation we were you
know talking yesterday as this was going
on with people who are familiar with
that newsroom and they were saying it's
just an unusual thing they were saying
it's it's it's vulnerable it's it's not
hardened we don't often think of
hardened is there been any thought to
security security drills or this kind of
thing in the past or is this just not a
newspaper that's really thought about
that because why would you do well we
didn't have to until this happen quite
frankly the threat against me was that
he wish I would die certainly at some
point like that there is no question my
online that it's a physical threat so
when that happened yes you know I took a
photo of mr. Ramos who I had never met
brought to the front desk and said be on
a look out for this guy and if he comes
in dial nine-one-one I made sure
everybody on my staff knew that that
that we had this complaint so his face
was familiar to all of us and did we
think anything would happen no but it
was precaution that for the first time
we had taken we understand which to gate
this was in a different building then
where would this happen yeah we even put
a gate up front that would prevent
people from sort of walking back because
it was a very open building in which
people were coming and going and we
wanted that I mean that was that was
what we pride ourselves in that we were
available to anybody who could come in
but never anticipating something like
this social media
has also made us even more available so
well you have this experience while you
printed a picture and gave it to the
front desk it seems odd but lots of us
especially in the world of journalism
especially at a time when of great
divisive Ness we sort of get the
trolling and the threats all the time
being able to decipher what's a noise
and an actual threat that's a huge
challenge I I disagree this one was not
a challenge the challenges came when you
received death threats that came from
anonymous people and most some were
dismissed this one came from somebody
who put his name to it and if you look
at some of his postings to me it made me
feel uncomfortable enough to go to the
police and ask for an investigation so
we all felt threatened there and we're
all concerned about it but there was
very little else we could do except you
were you know in crystallises in
criminal coverage in you know lawyers go
through this judges go through this
journalists go through this people who
are covered are often not happy with the
way it goes does this change how you
think about how we should cover things
and in terms of how we should be
securing our newsrooms or do you think
this is one often unusual you know the
mission doesn't change our job is to go
out there and report no matter what the
threat no matter what the repercussions
Tamara what the consequences that
mission does not change and never will
it certainly won't change for the report
to the Capitol today but I think you
know we all have to be aware of our
surroundings but you have to understand
this is a small newspaper now fifty five
people strong it's not like a
metropolitan newspaper in which you can
go in today and you'll face all sorts of
security guards I mean - it's sort of
impractical to have a security guard
standing in front of 55 people
yeah that's remarkable Tom thanks for
joining us giving us some context on
this Tom Marquardt it was the former
executive editor of the Capitol Gazette
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and high
you can get more MSNBC for free every
day with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
