welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at axis I am the
co-founder of Axios Mike Allen Mike good
morning to you talk to us a bit
Axios is one big thing today yes man
it's a sobering day for journalists in
this area you've had such great coverage
of from Annapolis that sad situation
those journalists persevering and
getting out their paper we have coverage
of that right up top and Axios but our
one big thing is president from private
threat that could upend global trade I
know that your colleague Jonathan Swan
is reporting that during the contentious
g7 summit in Canada a Trump told the
collective leaders quote NATO is as bad
as NAFTA trade deal he considers a
catastrophe to say the least
how does this play into fears that
allies have for Trump's July summers
Russia's Putin well yes Ben you put your
finger on it that they're worried about
the fact that we're gonna have a rerun
of what we heard in Canada and here's
another reason for that so behind the
scenes again and again President Trump
has threatened to get out of the World
Trade Organization now the WTO as Judah
Kate's international disputes and the
funny thing about this is the president
is confused convinced that we get
screwed there he said it again and again
during the campaign he said to Chuck
Todd I'm beat the press that the World
Trade Organization was a disaster very
Trumpy in that but you look at the data
the United States does very well at the
World Trade Organization
we've won 85% of our recent cases
compared to two-thirds for China so the
reason this is so illuminating is it
shows behind the scenes how advisors
manage Trump they don't think he'll do
this and so they put it off they try to
explain it to him but when that happens
in the end he may just announce it
that's what he did with the space
council so insiders are saying to us he
said this enough times they think the
White House should take this seriously
put a policy process in place and deal
that not just pray that someday he's not
going to tweet that we're getting out of
the WTO what would be some of the major
consequences that we would see if the
president were to decide to pull out of
the WTO so this is an organization that
his visors believe ultimately helped us
because of that that good record with
disputes and it would throw
international trade into into chaos it
would be like taking the referee off the
field of the World Cup which says
sometimes people would like to do but it
definitely causes trouble and that's why
this hasn't gotten out even though this
isn't an offhanded remark the president
made we're told that he has actually
said this again and again in private
settings
Jonathan swad who got this tip that what
he called around to a couple other
people they said yeah I've heard the
president say that so so do you think we
can predict that it would actually
happen are we kind of an uncharted
waters here we have to wait and see if
he just pull the trigger on this well so
you're T be up here there's a great
quote in this story I'd Axius well-known
trade lawyer here in DC said that says
that the president ceases he said we
think he's nuts
not that nuts so people inside outside
saying that it won't happen but they're
not sure you can never be too sure with
this administration that's for sure
let's turn down to the upcoming midterm
elections a lot of eyes on that just a
few months away at this point
Axios reporting that Democrats are
finally starting to get serious about
the midterms and about the data that
they're seeing talking yeah good yeah
thank you so Lexi macam and of Axios
went to a DNC data boot camp where there
were educating campaigns about how you
help target voters like the new new
thing like the big thing the midterm
campaigns and 2020 campaigns are gonna
focus on is reaching individual voter so
why are getting us so not just
demographics but particular people
another fascinating midterm story that's
out there today this is on the front
page of USA Today how women candidates
are changing the dialogue in campaign
we're already seeing this that crush of
women candidates that we've talked about
here on MSNBC they also are in ads are
breaking taboos so we're seeing ads
talking about breastfeeding we're
talking about as talking about abuse and
harassment and so women candidates are
besides just the demographic change and
the new perspective that they bring to
the debate but their ads are already
changing the look and feel of these big
campaigns so so as soon as if women can
that's really wanting to hone in on the
female vote to get to get voter turnout
there that's right and Democrats know
that the pockets that are rising for
them minorities and women and so watch
the TV ads you'll see that that's where
Democratic TV ads are going what about
Republicans they have a plan to focus on
female voters so they need to do more of
that they certainly are moving away from
the tax cut the tax cut was not the
ultimate answer that they expected it
would be so we're gonna hear I think
more about national security as the
president making big claims after North
Korea and of course a strong economy so
a president with peace and prosperity at
the moment Republicans down the ticket
are gonna hope that they can get a
little bit of that halo in a tough cycle
where they know they're behind all right
Mike Allen for us thanks so much Mike
we're gonna be reading go ahead we can
get away day and holiday weekend thank
you too as well we're gonna be reading
Axios again in just a little bit and to
all our viewers out there you too can
sign up for the newsletter sign up Axios
calm hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
