you should also know that there was a
rip-roaring showdown on Capitol Hill
today over Republican members of
Congress attacking the Justice
Department and the FBI and specifically
the Moller investigation we need to see
the evidence if you have evidence of
wrongdoing by any member of the Trump
campaign campaign presented to the damn
grand jury if you have evidence that
this president acted inappropriately
presented to the American people there's
an old saying that justice delayed is
justice denied I mean right now all of
us are being denied whatever you got
finish it the hell up this from the man
who kept the Select Committee on
Benghazi going for two and a half years
kept it going until right after the 2016
presidential election whereupon he lost
interest in quietly wrapped it up two
and a half years Trey Gowdy's Benghazi
select committee two and a half years
zero indictments zero guilty pleas zero
prints prison sentences zero jail time
but he is now demanding that the one
year old robert muller investigation
which has resulted in lots of
indictments and lots of guilty pleas and
even some jail time he's insisting that
one has gone on way too long and that
must be what was he said he's must be
finished the hell up incidentally I
should also mention that the guy who
actually led the real Benghazi attack
was sentenced yesterday to 22 years in
federal prison I mentioned that because
you might not otherwise have heard
anything about it because Republicans
really turned out to be not all that
interested in that at all unless it
could be used to attack Hillary Clinton
somehow and and try to hurt her chances
in the presidential election but today
for whatever reason Republicans in
Congress really popped the cork on
trying to shut down the special counsels
investigation into what Russia did to
mess with our last presidential election
in order to try to elect Donald Trump it
not included some members of Congress
really screaming at the Deputy Attorney
General of the United States who they
now apparently want to impeach and
everybody knows what the game is here
this is interesting the top Democrats in
Congress all the Democrats from the gang
of eight so Nancy Pelosi who's the house
leader for the Democrats Chuck Schumer
here's the Senate leader for the
Democrats and the top two Democrats on
the intelligence committees Adam Schiff
from the house Mark Warner from the
Senate the four of them wrote a letter
today to the FBI and the Justice
Department expressing their concern
about how Republicans in Congress are
right now trying to shut down the Moller
investigation and they release this
publicly I think basically to sound a
public alarm this letter to the FBI and
the Justice Department says quote the
president's congressional allies are
applying growing pressure on your
agencies in line with the president's
improper demand for total transparency
to disclose sensitive information and
material that is not usually shared with
Congress and that relates directly to
the ongoing investigation into President
Trump his own campaign and his
associates given the pending nature of
the special counsels investigation these
persistent and unrelenting document
requests are not for legitimate
oversight purposes rather time and again
sensitive information shared with
Congress has been selectively and
misleadingly seeded into the public
domain to advance the president and his
legal teams strategy of undermining
public trust in the Justice Department
and the FBI and attacking the legitimacy
of the special counsel and his ongoing
investigation as the attacks on the
Special Counsel intensify it's
imperative that you withstand pressure
on the Justice Department and the FBI to
violate established procedures and norms
your role in preserving the integrity of
the special counsels investigation and
our justice system has become ever more
vital so that's the top Democrats from
both houses of Congress the top
Democrats from both intelligence
committees saying to the FBI and the DOJ
we know what the Republicans are trying
to do to you here to get to the special
counsels investigation you must stand up
to them and not give in more vital what
Republicans are doing now at an
increasingly frantic pace is demanding
information from the Moller
investigation that they can provide to
the White House to help the president's
defense
they also appear to just be demanding
stuff and screaming at the Justice
Department and the FBI for the age-old
pleasure of of working the refs trying
to put the Justice Department in the
special counsel's office and the FBI
under unbearable pressure to do what
Republicans want which is to of course
let the investigation go mr. Rosenstein
did you threaten staffers on the House
Intelligence Committee media reports
indicate you did media reports are
mistaken sometimes this is what they
said having the nation's number-one law
enforcement officer threatened to
subpoena your calls and emails is
downright chilling did you threaten to
subpoena their calls and emails no sir
and there's no way to subpoena phone
calls well I mean I'm just saying I'm
reading what the press said I mean what
I would suggest that you not rely on
what the press says sir I don't know why
the Republicans in Congress are boiling
with such froth right now about the
Millar investigation but congressional
Republicans they really they really do
appear to be trying to pull out all of
the stops all of a sudden right now I
don't know why right now but something
has got them very upset they passed a
resolution today that they really might
use to try to impeach the Deputy
Attorney General Rod Rosenstein not
because they have proven any misconduct
or even discourtesy on his part they are
after him basically because he is in
charge of overseeing the special
counsels investigation and that is
apparently enough we'll have more on
that coming up later on this hour but I
think it's big picture it's important
for everybody to know that for some
reason
congressional Republicans right now are
running down all paths at once they are
exercising every option they think
they've got to try to undercut and
undermine and defame and pressure the
special counsels investigation in order
to protect the president why it is
hitting this fever pitch right now I do
not know but have you met Alexei Alexei
rip ik that's him on the right with Mike
Pompeo on the left this is Alexei repick
angling his selfie just so-so it's kind
of like he's posing with Donald Trump
here's another photo
mr. repec posted online which he says
show
him actually shaking hands with Donald
Trump these are all photos from Trump
inauguration weekend
mr. Alexei repec not only got these
photos with Trump and Pompeyo he was
also close enough to a lot of inaugural
events that he got good shots of vice
president Mike Pence and this one he was
apparently close enough to be in
conversation with Eric Trump one of the
president elects sons here is with then
White House chief of staff
Reince Priebus soon to be replaced as
chief of staff by John Kelly who's now
soon to be replaced by who-knows-who
Alexei repick he is a Russian
pharmaceutical tycoon that's him on the
right that's his wife in the center of
your screen mr. epic and his wife
attended the Trump inauguration now we
don't know why this Russian
pharmaceutical tycoons interests might
overlap with the Trump inauguration we
don't know why he was there we don't
know who invited Alexei repec and his
wife to come from Russia to attend to
the Trump inauguration but we know they
attended and we know that because they
posted an immense video library of their
inauguration experiences online once
they got home
yes technically my brother but
criticized she has a capital e - Stewart
tells Danny Emil which pushed cattle
meaning less the castilian Sitaram no
yeah the symbols that you can use at the
Billy dump now again we do not know why
this Russian pharmaceutical tycoon and
his wife attended the Trump inauguration
but we do know that the guy is is really
connected at home
we know that in part because of this
photo of him meeting one-on-one with
Vladimir Putin this is a publicity shot
from the Kremlin you can tell it's a
Kremlin publicity shot because these
things follow a certain visual pattern
here I'll put up another one of these
side-by-side on the left there's your
pharmaceutical tycoon who inexplicably
went to the Trump inauguration that's
him meeting one on one a flat amir Putin
on the right that's a guy named Boris T
Tov also meeting with Vladimir Putin
Boris T Tov also attended the Trump
inauguration Vladimir Putin technically
had to run for re-election this year
theoretically he might have even had
some competition in that election Alexei
Navalny is a popular opposition leader
in Russia who was very much opposed to
Putin Navalny announced last year he
would run against Putin for the
presidency of Russia because navami was
seen as a potential real threat to get
even some minor percentage of the
national vote Putin blocked Navalny from
running they drummed up fake corruption
charges against him which technically
disqualified Navalny from appearing on
the ballot
Navalny nevertheless promise to keep
campaigning anyway and so russian court
soon ordered novotny's campaign
foundation to shut down as well it
wouldn't allow the real opposition guy
to run against him but Putin still does
want to look like technically an elected
leader so what he does now is that
whenever he's up for election he hand
picks a few people who he's more
comfortable running against this year
sort of famously he picked a woman
called Ksenia Sobchak
who is seen as the sort of Paris Hilton
of Russia
she's a 36 year old former
a lady star she's a relatively famous
Russian socialite she also happens to be
the daughter of one of Putin's oldest
political colleagues he picked her to
run against him he also picked this guy
Boris who is a a Russian business
advocate
whatever that means Boris Tito but this
is what democratic elections look like
in Russia now Putin decides who gets to
run Putin decides who does not get to
run that's how Putin decides who wins
and surprise Putin always wins do not
congratulate agreeing to run as one of
Putin's hand-picked studes fake
opponents in these fake elections they
have no in Russia it's a special kind of
favor to President Putin so boards teet
off one of those those candidates in the
Russian election this year
here he is Boris Tito meeting with Putin
one-on-one Horace was handpicked by
Putin to be one of the candidates
running against him mister Tito ended up
pulling in a robust 0.6 percent of the
vote in the Russian presidential
election turns out that guy varsity Tov
also attempted the Trump inauguration in
January 2017 Washington Post has
reported that he was issued both a
ticket to the inauguration and a ticket
to one of the inaugural balls when the
post asked mr. ticked off which
inaugural ball he had attended he told
them quote I don't remember what the
ball was called but people danced Trump
danced when the Post asked him how he
got those hard to get tickets to an
inaugural event to an inaugural ball mr.
Tito would not say so why was why was
that guy at the Trump inauguration as
well there's this pharmaceutical guy who
we know is met with Putin directly he
and his wife they're fine you guys the
United Boris t-top hand-picked candidate
to run against Putin in the last
election why were you at the
inauguration Washington Post in January
had an interesting report on a whole
bunch of unexpected Russian figures who
inexplicably ended up attending the
Trump inauguration I mean among the
Russian citizens attending Trump's
inauguration were Natalya vessel net
skaia
the Russian lawyer from the June 2016
Trump Tower meeting des lunettes guy is
the one who reportedly offered Russian
government dirt
Hillary Clinton to Trump's campaign also
with her the Russian lobbyists who
attended the Trump Tower meeting with
her nice velvet tux arena right you
cleaned up very nicely
that's them at a Trump inaugural event
so the Washington Post in January did
this first reporting about all these
very well-connected Russians people
well-connected to the Russian government
who just happened to pop up in DC on the
day Trump became the most powerful
person on the planet but now today ABC
News has advanced the story because ABC
has obtained guest lists from several
exclusive invitation only formal
receptions that were held during the
Trump inaugural celebration again this
isn't just for going to the inauguration
itself right the big outdoor event where
it rained at the Capitol right these
these are VIP exclusive black-tie events
that you needed to get invited to and
that not all that many people got to
attend why were there lots of Russian
government connected Russian citizens
invited too and in attendance at those
events according to the ABC report today
among the people invited to an exclusive
500 person black-tie Chairman's global
dinner the night before the inauguration
was a Russian music mogul who who had
had his previous donations to the
Republican Party returned because of his
ties to the Russian government but
nevertheless there he was another
invited guest at a candlelight dinner
that was held the night before the
inauguration at Washington's Union
Station the train station was a Cossack
mining mogul who's been hit with
European money-laundering charges also
at the candlelight dinner the night
before the inauguration at Union Station
was a billionaire Russian oligarch who
was recently stopped at a New York
Airport by federal agents working for
Special Counsel Robert Miller's office
that oligarch is subject to sanctions
now by the US government he's also the
same guy who inexplicably put Trump's
personal lawyer Michael Cohen on a
million-dollar contract to do nobody's
sure what right after Trump was elected
so we had known before that there were
at least a few well-connected Russians
who inexplicably turned up at the Trump
inauguration but now this new ABC
reporting gives us
a whole bunch more names and it gives us
the knowledge that they were invited to
not just the inauguration but exclusive
events and according to ABC News three
sources with knowledge of the matter
tell ABC News that the presence of all
of these well-connected in government
connected Russians at the Trump
inauguration as quote attracted the
interest of federal investigators
probing Russian efforts to influence the
2016 presidential election I wonder if
that's unnerving the White House or the
president's supporters in Congress I
don't know and on top of that new news a
federal court in Virginia has also now
just unsealed some of the search
warrants that were executed against
Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort and
those search warrants and the FBI
affidavits that go along with them have
revealed an additional 10 million dollar
loan we hadn't previously known about
from a Putin aligned Russian oligarch
named Oleg Deripaska to Paul Manafort
quote the 2010 tax returns for a company
jointly owned by Paul Manafort
and his wife reveals a 10 million dollar
loan to the company from a quote Russian
lender a court authorized search in May
2017 of a storage locker in Virginia
used my metaphor it revealed documents
that show that the identity of the
Russian lender was Deripaska misspelled
Deripaska elsewhere in this FBI
affidavit quote redacted redacted
redacted redacted also told the FBI that
Deripaska helped fund a metaphor it's
Ukrainian work when it began in
2005-2006 Oleg Deripaska is not
Ukrainian he's Russian and very close to
Vladimir Putin and he's only very rich
because Vladimir Putin has allowed him
to be so why would Lattimer Putin and
Russia and oligarchs they're aligned be
funding Paul Manafort for his work in
Ukraine why was Russia funding Paul
Manafort to do that and what other kind
of work did the Russians fund him to do
and did he still owe that ten million
dollars to a Putin length Russian
oligarch when he started running the
Trump campaign and started offering that
same oligarch private briefings on the
status of the u.s. presidential election
while he was running Trump's effort to
become president and while Russia was
intervening in that effort to help Trump
win
I don't know but we're about to find out
because one month from today the
criminal trial of Donald Trump's
campaign chairman Paul Manafort is due
to start in federal district court in
the Eastern District of Virginia Paul
Manafort late today announced that he's
adding yet another new lawyer to his
defense team special counsel Robert
Mueller's office today filed a notice
that a veteran espionage prosecutor will
be added to the prosecutors team that
will be trying the mana fork case a
month from today in Virginia so again we
don't know how things are going to work
out for the president's campaign
chairman we don't know how things are
going to work out for the president in
the ongoing Robert Moeller investigation
the president today again cited Vladimir
Putin's assurances that Russia
definitely didn't intervene in our
presidential election
why don't we believe him when he says so
the White House also today confirmed a
one-on-one summit between President
Trump and Vladimir Putin to take place
next month in Helsinki hold on to your
Alaska here at home the Trump
administration and Republicans in
Congress for some reason are vibrating
with excitement right they're vibrating
with excitement
that seems negatively oriented in one
way and positively oriented in the other
positive excitement is over the prospect
of the president adding another justice
to the Supreme Court and the country's
discussion of that fact has not even
really caught up to the possibility that
if the President himself is alleged by
the special counsels investigation to
have any significant criminal liability
in this Russia scandal that as a matter
of law will almost inevitably end up as
a matter before the United States
Supreme Court to which he is about to
name a new member can the president
pardon himself it'll be the Supreme
Court that ends up answering that and
he's about to put somebody new on that
court what all these things are
happening at once now and for some
reason Republicans in Congress are also
at the same time really really fired up
and seemingly worried about the Moller
investigation they are pulling out all
the stops right now they are pushing it
to the absolute limit right now to try
to kill off the Moller investigation
something has got them more wound up
on this then they have been in forever
as we said at the beginning of the
summer things are starting to happen
fast now that means we have to be able
to pay attention to a whole bunch of
different things at once your country
needs you too I'll be right back hey
there are Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
