why would a man who is ten million
dollars in debt take a job where he
doesn't get paid weird right
we now know that's exactly what the now
jailed Paul Manafort did when he took a
job running Donald Trump's campaign back
in 2016
it appears that mana fork saw the job as
a financial opportunity despite the lack
of salary just a short time after he was
first hired by Trump mana Ford sent an
email asking quote how do we use to get
hole
meaning how do we use my new job to get
home how do we use to get hole mana Ford
sent that email to a guy you may
remember name consonant Constantin : ik
who had worked for mana fort in Ukraine
he has since been indicted by robert
muller and fled to russia and the person
they were apparently trying to get whole
width was this guy you also may know
russian oligarch ola Deripaska one of
Russia's richest men who has close ties
to the Kremlin yesterday a newly
unsealed filing from mullah revealed
that Deripaska had loaned ten million
bucks to a mana for business ten million
dollars which he presumably wanted back
so just to be absolutely clear the guy
who is running Donald Trump's campaign
during the summer when he was running it
for free and the Russians were
sabotaging the election also just
happened to be in debt of ten million
dollars to Russian oligarch with clothes
size of lad Amir Putin at the very same
time the Vladimir Putin his government
were working to get Trump elected
president joining me now for the latest
on the investigation MSNBC contributor
Natasha Bertrand staff writer at the
Atlantic covering national security in
the rush investigation and Michael
Isikoff chief investigative
correspondent at Yahoo News co-author of
Russian roulette the inside story of
Putin's war on America and the election
of Donald Trump Michael it was always
unclear to me the made hole was
ambiguous in two different directions
right are you you want to get hole
because the guy owes you money or do you
want to get home because you owe him
money this seems to resolve that fairly
definitively yeah there were multiple
financial ties between man afford and
Deripaska this new information about the
ten billion dollar ten million dollar
loan comes on top of other reporting
which goes back to that I did during the
2016 campaign
about how mana Ford had gotten into a
dispute with Deripaska over 19 million
dollar cable deal in in Ukraine
Deripaska thought Matta Ford had ripped
him off the money that he had put up for
the venture had gone missing but what's
really significant here and why this is
so important to the larger mulher
investigation is you said that Matt
Deripaska has close ties to the Kremlin
we should flesh that out a little bit
Deripaska was described in in WikiLeaks
cables written by a US ambassador a few
years ago as one of the two or three
oligarchs closest to Putin in Russian
roulette we report how when secretary
when Hillary Clinton was Secretary of
State in her meetings with Sergey Lavrov
the Russian Foreign Minister he would
repeatedly bring up the question of
Deripaska because Deripaska couldn't get
a US visa because the FBI had concerns
about his ties to organized crime those
the the concerns that the FBI had had
been more recently fleshed out when
Deripaska just a couple of months ago
was sanctioned by the Treasury
Department in which they described the
intelligence they had on Deripaska
his involvement in extortion
racketeering bribery the murder of a
business a murder of a businessman in a
dispute and these organized crime ties
so here you had a oleg arc with these
organized crime ties who is so tied in
with the Kremlin that the Russian
Foreign Minister is pressing the US
Secretary of State to give him a visa
and the campaign chairman for the Trump
campaign was in hock to this guy who's
pressing him for the money that he owes
them and then metaphors responses will
give them private briefings about what's
going on inside the Trump campaign yeah
I mean he this is a guy he waking up
every day owing this guy 10 million
dollars which seems like just thinking
about it puts a knot in my stomach and
he gets on the campaign the first thing
he's like how can I use this position
it's like the plug or itch thing I've
got this I've got this in it's effing
golden right I've got this thing which
is I'm campaign manager for Donald Trump
how do I
use it the another person in the inner
Trump orbit Natasha who seems to really
be in a tough spot is Roger stone we
know that he has not been contacted by
Muller directly for an interview and
then today an ex
aide another one former aide Roger stone
subpoenaed to appear before the grand
jury hearing evidence the rush
investigation and to hand over documents
was your sense of where stone is in
terms of Muller sites well it seems like
everyone has been interviewed by Muller
except for Roger stone and that should
be extremely worrisome to Roger stone
because it shows that he's kind of
trying to get to the people closest to
him in order to figure out what Roger
stone knew about what happened during
the election before they actually get to
maybe subpoenaing Roger stone himself I
think that Roger stone is really the key
to possibly well possibly the key to
understanding who was behind the Podesta
hack and whether or not the campaign
coordinated it with any in any way with
WikiLeaks the same goes for if you have
that key then the same goes potentially
for who knew in the campaign about the
DNC hack I mean it's all kind of the
same actors who hacked Dustin's email
the Russians and who hacked the DNC so
if you have Roger stone and if you have
the answer as to whether he was
communicating with Julian Assange and
WikiLeaks throughout the campaign then
perhaps you have a clue as to whether or
not there was an intermediary who was
feeding WikiLeaks this is stolen
information that the Russians stole from
from the DNC and stole from you John
Podesta and then gave to the campaign
Michael do you anticipate we're gonna
get a trial of an award unless something
changes I mean do you anticipate you so
you've been reporting this very heavily
for a while now like learning new things
in that trial it's gonna be quite a
spectacle I imagine oh sure and look it
is quite common for prosecutors to hold
some of their best stuff back and one
can expect if this trial does come in
July when it's scheduled for that we're
gonna be learning a whole lot more about
just how much they know about Manafort
and these ties but also you know there
is so much that could well be coming to
a head this summer the wide expectation
here is
Muller is likely to do something in in
the next couple of months he can't wait
until after Labor Day he can't do
something during the election less he be
criticized for doing the same thing Jim
Comey did during the 2016 campaign so we
may well be coming to a very critical
juncture and it's you know ironic or you
know pretty significant that this is
coming at the same time that there's
going to be those Supreme Court hearings
about that next Supreme Court justice
Natacha does that scan with what you're
reporting indicates as well I have not
heard that the collusion aspect of this
investigation is going to wrap up by the
fall it's possible that there's going to
be a major indictment perhaps that
related to collusion that does come out
before the midterms and in that way we
have kind of a conclusion to the to the
collusion part of the investigation but
that doesn't necessarily mean it's going
to wrap up but there's just so much that
we still don't know we still don't know
for example why three different people
approached the Trump campaign before the
summer of 2016 offering them dirt on
Hillary Clinton offering Hillary Clinton
emails we don't really know anything
about this shadowy Professor Joseph
Mitsuda we don't know anything about
Henry greenberg the guy who the Russian
who approached Michael Caputo we don't
know for example what Carter Page was
doing in Moscow whether he did make a
deal with Rosneft so these are all
things that man afford or that Muller is
looking into looking into now and
whether or not we actually get an answer
to all of those questions in the next
four months it just does not seem
plausible
Natasha Bertrand and Michael Isikoff
thanks to you both hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
