joining us now alexandria Kazi of cortez
the Democratic nominee for New York's
14th district she stunned the Democratic
establishment Tuesday night unseating a
10 term incumbent congressman also Corey
bushes with us hoping to pull off a
similar feat against another longtime
Democratic incumbent in Missouri's first
district welcome to both your great
explanation by them thank you I'm dying
to go first on this that explanation
makes sense to a lot of people yeah but
a lot of people who watch that are
already in your camp mm-hmm being tied
to the word socialist are you concerned
that when you get on the big stage that
could be a killer for you there are a
lot of people in the middle that aren't
going to go through that explainer and
when they get socialist they think my
hard-earned dollars I'm not ready to
give them away yeah no I think that
that's a perfectly legitimate concern I
always go back to how we won this race
and we don't win this race with labels
we don't win this race with saying I am
this or I on that we always ran this
race with our goals and our issues in
mind we ran this race talking about
Medicare for all we won this race
talking about you know opening tuition
free public colleges and universities
expanding our educational opportunities
our transit our banking we talk directly
to the explanation that you were talking
about not explaining what what these
ideologies are you know people don't
wake up in the morning and say I'm a
capitalist or I'm this or I'm a bad
thinking about ideology no no we don't
think about ideology everything about
what we're trying to get done and I
think that a lot of times people make
make these ideologies they try to make
that the conversation point with the
intent of being divisive with the intent
of being alienating but at the end of
the day you know what I found in our
district was that most people want to
make sure that everyone has health care
most people want to make sure that every
child has access to an equitable
education through college and that's
really what we're talking about
Corie all campaigns are unique the
issues you face are going to be unique
but are there things that you saw in
alexander's campaign that you're hoping
to to utilize absolutely so Alexandria's
campaign was powerful the momentum was
there it was electric and that's what's
happening on the ground here in st.
Louis we have people power we may not
have the
but we have people showing up we have
people saying that this is who I want
it's about leadership it's not about
loyalty it's not about the power it's
about who is going to best represent and
fight for working families and even
those that may not be considered under
that term people who are on disability
chronic persistent mental illness they
still should have a voice at the table
and so that's what I'm looking at with
her with her race and that's the same
thing that's happening with ours let's
talk about impactful leadership because
I can't find anybody out there who says
I'm inspired by Mitch McConnell I'm
dying to spend time with him your video
was amazing you have inspired people but
Mitch McConnell is a tactical beast
people aren't sending in Christmas cards
but they're sending in campaign
donations yeah he is leading the charge
to get another Supreme Court justice in
position when you look at this success
the Republican Party has playing legit
life-or-death hardball what do you take
from that and what are you gonna do well
once again I think kind of going back to
to our initial message in this campaign
and in that video it's people versus
money we're not gonna beat them at that
big money game that's a trap we need to
beat them with big organizing they need
to know that you know I just I just want
to race where I was outspent
ten to one I have shown that big
organizing is possible
I believe that big organizing is the
future of the Democratic Party I believe
that we will make them lose these seats
because we've got the votes but do
Democrats know how to unify and get it
done because conservatives have shown
this year that they do yeah well you
know I think that I can I think that
candidates like Cory Bush can I think
that when you have electric candidates
that don't take corporate lobbyists
month funds so that their communities
trust them to advocate directly for
their needs I think this is really the
future you have electric candidates like
Cory Bush electric candidates like
Ayanna Presley that unify people excite
the electorate and really what the
Democratic base is is non voters I knew
that going into this I knew that my base
were people who don't usually turn out
in off yeah although that's also
got Donald Trump elected a whole bunch
of people felt it's an interesting point
but it does getting everybody's going to
be looking for non voters in a way that
we don't traditionally do in a campaign
Cory you and Alexandria are part of
justice Democrats or the ride ranging
platform there are some positions like
ensuring a livable wage tied to
inflation it's gonna find resistance
from some people we talk about minimum
wages we talk about these things we have
a lot of people who come out here
particularly Republicans who say there's
a market that dictates wages there's a
market that dictates health care we have
argued many many times that a market
oriented health care is a bit perverse
it's like market oriented prisons right
we don't actually want more demand for
them but how do you get these ideas into
that non-voter crowd when you actually
face built-in resistance so one thing
about it is people that make $7 $7 $8 an
hour they don't work less hard than
people who make $30 an hour and so
giving making sure that people have what
they need to be able to support their
families pay their bills and still have
money left over to say should not be
something we should have to beg for we
have or we have companies that we know
of that move to $15 an hour minimum
weight $15 an hour wage and they're
prospering they're doing well and when I
think about it
so we can come up with money to be able
to build these tent cities and pay $800
a day per child to be able to house
thousands of children we can come up
with the money to do that millions of
dollars a day to to have people in these
detention camp these detention centers
but we can't make sure that people that
are working hard every single day are
able to take care of their families I
think that we can do better this is a
brilliant point and what can you learn
as a candidate from Donald Trump
strategy because I look at Donald
Trump's base who is wildly loyal to him
and exactly to that point of the tent
cities Donald Trump is playing to his
base emotionally that feel left out and
forgotten but if we spent the tens of
millions of dollars we're spending on
these tent cities and brought them to
rural America or inner cities and got
faster Wi-Fi and better high
that would energized that non-voting
base that got out there it didn't just
vote for him their wildly loyal to him
yeah yeah you know and I think the that
kind of speaks directly to the question
when people say oh these ideas who in
Congress is going to resonate with these
ideas well for me it's about which of
the American people are going to
resonate with these ideas and what we
find is that I believe that that the
American electorate us as voters as a
nation are ready for very a very bold
agenda and when we try to kind of water
down that agenda because of fear of what
people may think or it's cetera what we
find is that we don't really have a
message and we cannot run without a
message you know Donald Trump ran with a
message it was disturbing
it was divisive it was based in Revere
but it was very clear exactly right and
so I think that your this and the other
point and so I think that that for what
what we need to do is this is a time
more now more than ever to be bold to be
clear to say we are a party of social
economic and racial justice for
working-class Americans and that's what
we're gonna accomplish together well
that's clear message we doesn't we need
to have fighters we should have
champions people that are willing to
lead the issues is it's not okay anymore
to vote decent you have to stand up and
fight because what's happening without
with this administration what's
happening in the White House they're
taking people out and so right now we
need people that are both that's what a
leader is your boat you're moving into
with new ideas and you're not afraid to
stand up for the people that you're
supposed to start off okay anymore to
vote decent what a great way to end that
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
