Hallet Jackson's standing by for us at
the White House still I believe again
second visit by the first lady in in the
span of a week same question to you that
I posed in Mariana how much of this is
fact-finding how much of this is photo
op well if you ask the White House and
the first lady's office Craig they'll
say all of the former none of the latter
or at least little of the latter but
clearly this is intended to be a moment
where the first lady is seen getting out
there visiting these immigration
facilities I would note a couple of
things we understand that this trip was
planned
not too long after the first one the one
the to Texas and and you're right I had
forgotten Craig that you were actually
down there so you remember sort of those
moments and seeing a sort of live
narrating the first lady's visit she had
to cut that short she didn't get to see
a DHS specific facility at the first
lady spokesperson says she wanted to
that's why she's returning now to
Arizona this time this week and is doing
so apparently with the president's
encouragement according to her office as
far as the sort of optical piece of this
remember what took a lot of the oxygen
up the last time it was that that jacket
that Melania Trump chose to wear when
she boarded the plane and then again
when she got off the plane even after
the uproar over it that Zara jacket with
the words I don't really care do you
that some critics took has perhaps some
kind of a signal the first lady's office
dismissed it saying just a jacket
nothing to see here folks move along but
that did still drive some of the
discussion surrounding Melania Trump's
visit in this instance you can see no
message written on her clothing and so
perhaps the the first lady's office is
hoping that in this instance the focus
will be on the first lady's
conversations with some of these these
these folks who are caring for these
migrant children hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
