all right June 2016 so summer before the
presidential election that's when we
first learned that the Democratic
National Committee Democratic Party had
been hacked this was the first story
that ran about it in the Washington Post
which also hopefully made clear based on
a forensic analysis that was done by a
computer security firm that it appeared
that that hack of the Democratic Party
was carried out by Russian government
hackers that was the first inkling we
got about Russia being all up in our
election that was June 2016 by the time
the Democratic convention started in
late July 2016 Russia had started their
first document dumps of stolen material
that they'd taken from Democratic Party
servers and those document dumps caused
the intended havoc at their National
Convention to nominate the Democratic
Party's presidential candidate the
Democratic Party also fired the chair of
the National Party right chaos in the
party those leaks were specifically
designed and curated to stoke maximum
discontent and dissension among
different factions of Democrats so that
convention wouldn't unify them wouldn't
bring them together to mount a single
energized effort for the general
election desired effect achieved
Republicans of course were ecstatic
about it they loved it and soon
Republican candidate Donald Trump was
calling on national television for
Russian hackers to please hack and steal
Hillary Clinton's personal emails as
well we found out later in an indictment
from Robert Miller in the special
counsel's office that in fact Russian
military intelligence offers officers
tried to do just that the very day that
Donald Trump asked them to do it by the
following month by August August 15th we
now know the FBI was investigating not
only what Russia was trying to do to
intrude in our election but also whether
the Russians might have any American
Confederates who were trying to help
them by August 15th the Homeland
Security Secretary jeh Johnson convened
a conference call with all the top
elections officials all over the country
to give them all an in-person warning
from the Secretary of Homeland Security
about security risks to state election
systems
he got on the phone with all the
secretaries of state in the country to
talk to them about Russia's aggression
and apparent willingness to meddle in
that particular election and what
appeared to be their designs
specifically on our election
infrastructure in the States now that
call jeh Johnson will later explain
didn't go all that well but then three
days later August 18th 2016 the FBI sent
out a secret flash alert from its cyber
division again warning state election
officials warning secretaries of state
that they needed to take steps now to
beef up their firewalls beef up their
other security measures because it
wasn't just some vague sense of Russian
hostile intentions toward our elections
no by that point the FBI cyber division
had observed Russian state hackers
specifically targeting multiple US
states and succeeding in breaching
security and getting into election
systems so conceivably they could mess
with the vote or mess with voter
registrations in at least two states so
the FBI sent out that flash alert August
18 2016 sent it from the FBI cyber
division that was supposed to be a
secret alert to all the states of course
it immediately leaked to the press but
at least at this point you know the call
from the Homeland Security Secretary
with the public reporting that it was
Russian state actors who hacked the
Democratic Party with this flashed
secret alert from FBI cyber hey this is
happening they're really doing it
they're going after the states and
they're successfully breaching security
in the States I mean at least at this
point it is clear right that this is a
serious thing this is a serious threat
serious measures need to be taken in
response everybody at least gets it by
this point right no one Secretary of
State in particular came out immediately
and said I'm refusing any offer of
assistance to beefed up security around
the election in my state my election
systems are fine I don't want any help
from the FBI I don't want any help from
the Homeland Security Department no I
also refused to accept these warnings he
said basically said this is all a
liberal plot this this one Republican
Secretary of State told the publication
next gov at the time quote
the question remains whether the federal
government will subvert the Constitution
to achieve the goal of federalizing
elections under this guise of security
he then told politico.com quote it seems
like it is just the DC media and the
bureaucrats because of the DNC getting
hacked they now think our whole system
is on the verge of disaster because some
Russians gonna tap into the voting
system and that is just not I mean
anything is possible but it is not
probable at all Politico published that
on the morning of August 28th 2016 by
lunchtime on August 28th 2016 literally
that same day within hours of that
Politico piece being published a
researcher at an American computer
security firm called up the election
officials in that guy's state to let
officials know just as a courtesy that
in case they weren't aware their entire
election system was completely open to
the public and available without any
hacking at all to any interested person
who wanted to look at it or mess with it
this is a state where all of the voting
is on one type of electronic voting
machine with no paper record created at
any point in the process and all of
those election systems excuse me all of
those elections machines the whole
system is all run out of a centralized
election server and what this computer
security firm was calling to let them
know on the day that that States
Secretary of State was like 'no this is
ridiculous we don't need your help on
the day he said that this computer
security firm calls to say hey basically
it's a little weird
that you're the one secretary of state
in the whole country who's saying no i
refuse any federal help i don't need it
and it's ridiculous to think we'd ever
be vulnerable to any hacking in my state
when his state literally had left its
voting software and the voter
registration information for millions of
voters in that state wide open and
available for anybody to take it on
publicly facing computers and if he
didn't feel like just stealing the
information you could always leave it
there and change it mess with it a
little right that'd make for a fun
I'd be leading it's just a remarkable
piece of that moment in modern American
history that we have all lived through
now all right this is the one state
where the Secretary of State says he
doesn't need no stinking help from no
federales right and his state appears to
be possibly the worst protected State in
the whole country
in terms of its voting system just a few
weeks later not long after that this guy
you know talks to political and says I
don't need any help we're fine
computer security researchers like dude
publicly facing I can access all of it
few weeks later the elections happen
the Clinton campaign had actually
thought they might win in that state
they didn't win and in fact they lost by
more than they had thought possible in
that state they lost by more than five
points but Trump wins the election
overall Trump gets sworn in in January
and in February about a month after
Trump's inauguration February 2017
another computer security firm takes
another poke at that one state's
election systems online and it turns out
in that one state nothing's any better
again this was a computer security firm
calling up the state with kind of a
friendly heads-up hey I mean you no harm
I'm not doing this to hurt you but you
should know that you can still get all
of the voter registration information
for voters in your state off your
website it's still just sitting out
there for anybody to take or change or
mess with that was February 2017 the
following month in March 2017 a
professor at a local college in the
state actually the college where the
election servers are held for the whole
state he called up the state as well and
said hey not only is all our voter
registration information available
online thanks to how we set up our
system we've also got people's social
security numbers out there and exposed
for anybody to grab this doesn't seem
good so a local good government group
sues the state in the summer of 2017
they're basically like wow given the
ongoing and unusually severe problems
here we a want the state to fix this and
B we'd like there to be a look at these
centralized servers that run our state's
elections somebody should take a look at
these things so we can make sure
that there hasn't already been a hostile
infiltration you know hostile actors
either foreign or domestic stealing or
manipulating information about any
voters or any voting data given how
poorly protected all of this information
is and all of this infrastructure is in
our state given the fact that our
Secretary of State rejected all expert
federal help to come in and shore up
security well the state responded to
that lawsuit a few months later by
admitting that actually it wouldn't do
anybody any help to look at the servers
to see if anybody had hacked them or
done anything bad because the state had
just wiped them they just wiped the
servers they erased everything there's
nothing to look at now that was this
time last year this time last year
despite what by then was pretty
considerable concern in the state about
what's going on with their election
system with their Secretary of State in
particular who stood alone in the
country and saying no this isn't a
problem I don't want help we're fine
Russians are you kidding election
security ours is perfect we don't need
any help with that
I mean the state kept officially
insisting there was definitely nothing
to worry about this is all being
overblown everything was fine but stuff
was obviously weird I mean we're
primaries were held in that state in May
of this year that good government group
they react they're lawsuit because a
whole bunch of weird stuff happened on
primary day this year including my
favorite one from Mud Creek on primary
day in a County up in the northeastern
part of that state a precinct called Mud
Creek the Secretary of State's website
said on primary day in May that there
were 276 registered voters in that Mud
Creek precinct on primary day though
those 276 voters cast 670 votes they're
there they're very high output voters I
mean that's a remarkably good voter
turnout right
that means 243 percent of the registered
voters in that precinct turned out and
voted that day Mazel Tov I mean so said
the Secretary of State with his handy
centralized voting system that he
insists he needs to know help with
whatsoever because it is perfect and
anybody who tells them otherwise is a
liberal who's just trying to steal stuff
so the primaries were May
this summer rolls around mid-july this
past summer July 2018
Robert Mulder in the special counsel's
office indict a whole bunch of Russian
military intelligence officers remember
for their role in attacking the United
States during the 2016 presidential
election to try and elect Donald Trump
and on page 26 of that indictment of all
those GRU officers this one somewhat
troubled US state I mean it's a it's a
great state it's a growing state it's a
vibrant state but it does have this
problem when it comes to election
security and the people who are in
charge of it in their state who seem to
be neglecting that very badly on page 26
of this indictment from Muller in the
special counsel's office this one state
with all of this trouble in terms of its
election security and its election
systems they get an unexpected little
turn in the spotlight
well when Robert Muller and his
prosecutors spell out new news we hadn't
had before about what exactly Russian
military intelligence officers were
doing in the immediate lead-up to voting
day 2016 quoting from the indictment
honor about October 28th 2016
Kovalev and his co-conspirators visited
the websites of certain counties in
Georgia Iowa and Florida to identify
vulnerabilities
Kovalev in this context is Anatoly
Sergey avec kovalev an officer in the
Russian military assigned to unit 7 for
455 who worked at 22 Korova Street in
Moscow for Russian military intelligence
for the GRU from his cubicle in Moscow
we learned in that indictment that that
Russian military officer personally
targeted election infrastructure in
Florida in Iowa and in Georgia and
Georgia is the state where the Secretary
of State alone among all other states in
the country
he alone refused any help when it came
to shoring up the security of his
state's elections even after he was
directly warned by homeland security and
subsequently by the FBI Georgia is the
state where the Secretary of State said
these warnings were ridiculous
ridiculous warnings
chants Russia whatever target his state
are you kidding turns out his state is
one of the states that Russia targeted
on October 28th 2016 and we can name the
guy who did it and the office he was
sitting in and when he did it once those
Russian military officers started we're
targeting Georgia's election system
starting on October 28th 2016 I wonder
what they did with Georgia's water
systems well we don't know because under
that Secretary of State rather than let
anybody investigate if anything untoward
might have happened instead they wiped
the servers they erased the servers so
nothing can ever be checked that
Secretary of State in Georgia is now the
Republican candidate for governor of
Georgia he's presumably running for
governor on the basis of his performance
as Secretary of State which honestly is
a performance for which anybody might
rightfully expect to be famous well
before the disaster of Georgia election
security in the 2016 election in his
first full year as Secretary of State in
2010 he sent armed agents door-to-door
in black neighborhoods in Brooks County
Georgia this is after a big
get-out-the-vote effort there among
black residents that big
get-out-the-vote effort led to the
first-ever majority African American
School Board in their town local
residents said they'd been motivated
that year by teacher layoffs in their
school district teacher layoffs that
were really unpopular and according to
one local leader of the voter
registration effort quote we've been bit
by the Obama bug this is 2010 we've been
bit by the Obama bug and we knew it was
time for a change in Brooks County as
well
they brought criminal charges against 12
local black residents who had helped in
the get-out-the-vote effort they brought
charges against those 12 residents for
things like bringing envelopes
containing completed absentee ballots to
a mailbox
they criminally charged this group of
local residents with more than 100
election law violations including dozens
of felonies they put them on trial to
face more than a thousand combined years
in prison
and you know what not a single one of
those charges held up on every single
one of those charges local resident was
either acquitted or the charge had to be
dropped by the prosecutors not only were
there no convictions there weren't even
any plea deals acquitted or dropped in
every single one and the Attorney
General of the state subsequently had to
issue a statement clarifying that
actually none of the actions those
african-american local residents in
Brooks County had been charged with none
of the things they were charged with
were actually illegal mailing in
absentee ballots is not a crime
registering your neighbors to vote is
not a crime but tell that to the people
who Brian Kemp sent his armed agents
door-to-door after in 2010 that's Brian
Kemp Georgia Secretary of State he also
instituted what's called an exact match
program designed honestly to kill voter
registration applications if there is
even one single digital character
difference between your voter
registration application and any other
record the state has on file for you so
if like there's an extra space added by
the Registrar when she types in your
name or your address literally an extra
space or if you live on something
something Road and the Registrar types
in our D period to abbreviate Road
instead of our D which is the way it's
abbreviated without the period in some
other database than forget it you're not
registered your voter registration will
be held until these irregularities can
be sorted if they can be sorted Brian
Kemp invented that he got sued over that
effort in part because that unique
program he designed and pursued out of
his office seems to have had what
everybody understood to be its desired
effect in the initial iteration of that
program which he came up with 76% of the
voter registration applications that got
snagged by that new program Brian Kemp
invented 76 percent of them were from
Georgia voters who were black Latino or
Asian so civil rights groups sued him
over that policy in 2016 in the end he
agreed to end the policy and settle
them they thought that it was over and
that would lead to reforms nope
instead Brian Kemp got the
republican-controlled Georgia
Legislature to pass a new law which
codified that policy that he had just
been sued over so he could put the new
policy into effect under a different
statutory framework and under the new
iteration of that policy it appears to
be even more racially targeted under the
old version of the law the registration
C was snagging with this policy again
we're 76 percent black Latino or Asian
under the newer iteration of the law
it's 80 percent black Latino or Asian
see he's getting better at this
meanwhile The Associated Press this week
revealed under the new iteration of this
policy for Brian Kemp his office is
sitting on over five over fifty thousand
applications for rotor registrations
that he has set aside because of the new
iteration of this exact match program
that he invented where you don't count
as registered if there's an extra space
somewhere or there's a period missing or
- missing or somebody misspelled your
name by one letter more than 50,000 as
we reported at this time last night the
same civil rights group that sued Brian
Kemp over the last iteration of this
policy have now filed another lawsuit
against him to try to basically free
those voter registrations and get him to
stop doing this but here's the question
in the state of Georgia election systems
are not like a normal level of screwed
up Georgia elections under Brian Kemp
specifically have become special they're
special in their big problems that would
be a big enough problem for the state if
Brian Kemp was just running this year to
stay on for another glorious term as
Secretary of State in Georgia running
the state's election infrastructure but
instead he is both running the state's
election infrastructure administering
this year's elections running this
year's voter registration process as
Secretary of State and simultaneously he
is running as the Republican Party's
candidate for governor in the same
election
imagine you're Stacey Abrams how do you
run against a guy who's holding that
kind of power in this process
how do you run to win right how do you
run against a guy when he is serving
both as your competitor at the top of
the ticket in the election and he is
serving as the umpire who has very
specific very aggressive very apparently
racially inflected ideas about who gets
to vote in his state and how the votes
are handled and counted and who takes
care to make sure the system is secure
his competitor in the governor's race
this year is the former Democratic
leader in the Georgia State Legislature
very effective Georgia leader named
Stacey Abrams
she's graduate of the great Spellman
college she's an incredibly effective
speaker and organizer she's the founder
of a voting rights organization that
made it its mission to register minority
voters all over the state of Georgia and
you know what you need powerful
organizations to try to do that work in
Georgia because boy are the headwinds
strong Stacey Abrams is now calling for
Brian Kemp to step down from his job as
Secretary of State the head of next
month's election in which he himself is
at the top of the ticket that demand
from Abrams comes as we're waiting to
find out if Kemp's office will be
subject subject to a restraining order
on the basis of this new federal lawsuit
that's just been filed against what he
is doing with these tens of thousands of
mostly black voter registrations that he
is not letting go how do you fight in
that sort of a context and more
importantly how do you fight to win in
that kind of a context Stacey Abrams
joins us live for the interview next hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
