start with the political battle lines
already being drawn over the replacement
for Supreme Court Justice Anthony
Kennedy who has announced he is retiring
Justice Kennedy made that announcement
yesterday saying he will step down at
the end of the month his decision paving
the way for the most significant change
in the high courts makeup in a half
century the move will allow President
Trump the chance to shape the court into
a solidly conservative one for years if
not generations to come
despite his refusal to consider
President Obama's nomination of Judge
Merrick garland to replace the late
Justice Antonin Scalia ahead of the 2016
election Senate Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell made it clear yesterday he
expects to begin the process of
replacing Justice Kennedy as soon as
possible we will vote to confirm Justice
Kennedy's successor this fall it's
imperative that the president's
nominated be considered fairly and not
subjected to personal attacks all right
so Jon meets him yesterday there were
several people who were shocked at this
news and so quite a few people actually
with blue checkmarks by their name
saying this is the bleakest woman in
their life and they just didn't know how
they were going to move forward with it
there are many things that Donald Trump
does that we criticize and and talk
about cause concern was great concern
and and they are actually violations of
constitutional norms just for our
friends that are suggesting the same
here when you elect presidents this is
what happens and when Hillary Clinton
didn't visit Wisconsin and didn't visit
ouchy Michigan enough and when we saw a
young woman yesterday with a campaign a
message that was more inspiring in three
minutes and what Hillary Clinton gave us
in two years they can complain about
internet this and that and the press did
this and they should have done that
the fact is Hillary never had a message
she ran a horrible campaign and this is
just this is the consequence of it is it
not I mean what Donald Trump did
yesterday is what presidents do and by
the way if Mitch McConnell subvert 'add
what what should be the Senate's
constitutional the worm's of checks and
balances will then dammit Democrats can
try to do the same thing well yesterday
was delivery day for a lot of
Republicans and a lot of Republicans
I've talked to who voted for Trump
unhappily because they were for Jeb
intellectually they were maybe for Rubio
by the end they were for Kasich but when
it came down to it they voted for Donald
Trump and he is president not least
because not only because but not least
because people those people wanted fewer
taxes and more justices that's what this
was about well and I will say it was as
someone nowhere that was very critical
of george w bush when george w bush left
i was it was bitterly disappointed in
the way he spent money well you ran up
deficits the way he ran up the debt the
seven trillion dollar medicare expansion
that he didn't pay for reckless wars but
at the end I would always have to say
but he gave conservatives to justices
and he gave America a big tax cut and I
was saying that about george w bush a
lot of people that voted for Donald
Trump now we're probably saying the same
thing about him yeah to John's point if
you're a Republican who voted for
justices you're very happy with how this
term went for conservative causes
conservative intellectual philosophies
legal philosophies it was a good term
and the extent to which they have
another opportunity to put a
conservative justice on the court will
only solidify that Democrats appear to
know that the left is very outraged over
this they're in an existential crisis
they say we need to do everything we
possibly can EJ
has a piece in The Washington Post do
everything we possibly can
missing from that is what they're
supposed to do right sort of ominously
says civility might be an obstacle to
that imperative but to the extent that
there's any governmental institution any
mechanism that they can appeal to to
stop this it doesn't exist Democrats
made their bed in 2013 it was completed
in 2017 and a story well it seems to me
that if they're going to do anything
they're going to have to look at a few
of the Republicans Jonathan who will be
very uncomfortable but casting their
vote to support the nominee that will
end
Ravi Wade and with Susan Collins with
Lisa Murkowski you have two Republicans
right there then the trick is how do you
hold Joe Manchin how do you hold Heidi
Heitkamp Democratic side yeah you hit
the net big two in Collins and Bukowski
there in terms of a row v Wade does
become sort of the litmus test for this
justice but you know to piggyback on
this point you know I covered the Trump
campaign and night after night at these
rallies you would talk to people who
were sort of suggesting they were almost
holding their nose to vote for the
president because they knew they had
hoped they would get a justice delivered
in return and this sort of is the
culmination of a long term Republican
strategy to focus on the courts you know
they obviously elevated in such
importance they're always important but
we saw in the case in 2000 that
delivered George so he pushed the White
House you know that was sort of
crystallized for a lot of people what
these courts matter and you have seen
Mitch McConnell the decision he made in
2016 to not bring Merrick garland for a
vote and that they decided that this is
a moment where this could give
Republicans chance to reshape the court
for decades and give it sort of a
conservative bulwark against rising sort
of Democratic changes across the country
that would seem to favor Democrats the
country's becoming you know more urban
and more and less white but this is a
moment where Republicans are going to
install through Donald Trump an
imperfect messenger perhaps for a lot of
Republican values at least to and
potentially more justices so so you can
cut the perhaps yeah John John really
quickly I was actually reading a New
York article called weak politics and in
it the the the journalist started with
the story of the the boss in West
Virginia asking the Kennedys asking how
much money do you need to help swing to
help swing West Virginia for Kennedy he
said I was looking at about 35 pinkey
$3,500 that sack of a payday the
Kennedys come with a briefcase with
$35,000 handed to it he opens it up he
says okay I'm good and I'm not saying
that's how politics should be I'm saying
though the point was you used to be able
to go to party bosses and say how do we
win these states now it's not one
locally whether by that way are knocking
on doors now it's a national it's always
a national referendum we're on something
and courts are probably the one of the
biggest ways conservatives especially
have turned it from all politics is
local to a Mick Mick politics enterprise
ranch eyes politics yeah there are -
there were two moments that really made
that happen in the post warrior
obviously brown which radicalized the
white right in the south and the other
was the 62 school prayer decision right
I'm sure you have had people in
Pensacola who would tell you that the
beginning of the end of America was
fluoride was 1962 okay prayer in school
but fluoride was a close second but they
was on those posters yes quickly by the
way there's some people don't know that
that used to be the great John Birch
conspiracy that they were putting
fluoride in your water and it was going
to burn this era began I mean the
Kennedy the the the Anthony Kennedy era
began with partisan hysteria because Ted
Kennedy went to the floor of the Senate
and gave a speech saying that in Robert
Bork's America there were segregated
lunch counters there were back-alley
abortions and if you ask Republicans if
yes conservatives where did the hyper
partisan era begin they say it was Ted
Kennedy Democrats say it was Newt
Gingrich
and now it's what to me was so
fascinating is it's ending with the same
kind of partisan whether by the way I
still remember where it was when I heard
Ted Kennedy's speech and it was an
offensive speech it was so over-the-top
it was so hateful and it did it elevated
Supreme Court picks on to a level they
had never been elevated to before and
Democrats followed up then going after
Clarence Thomas and then we were off to
the races thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
