Donald Trump said very clearly that he
intended to appoint Supreme Court
justice who would be willing to overturn
the Court's landmark decision of roe v
wade well most remarkably Trump went so
far as to say there should be some form
of punishment never said what kind of
punishment for a woman who chooses to
have abortion here's my interview just
to remind you with then-candidate trump
back in March of 2016 you believe in
punishment for abortion yes or no as a
principle the answer is that there has
to be some form of punishment for the
woman yeah it has to be some form he
said it and now with the retirement of
Justice Anthony Kennedy President Trump
is said to appoint his second justice to
the High Court and that could have of
course massive implications for years
opponents of abortion have been leading
a campaign against the right to choose
in courtrooms across the country it
could be just a matter of time before
one of those cases reaches the Supreme
Court joining me right now is Democratic
senator Maria Cantwell Washington State
and Alexis Miguel Johnson a Planned
Parenthood board member and the
executive director of the perception
Institute I want to talk to the senator
first I just generally you've been
confronted with this staggering news
that the vacancy sits there number five
on a nine person court right in the
middle unbelievable I think the most
important thing about this whole thing
is that the president's views are out of
the mainstream of the American public so
the question is is the president going
to insert his views or is he going to
consult with Congress on what are the
mainstream views of America on this
particular issue what did you make of
his talk about a little weird to talk
about even what did he mean by some form
of punishment well I imagine the fact
that he took this pledge during the
campaign and said that he is going to
appoint nominees that believe this so
he's not for holding up the privacy
rights that now have been well
established and supported by many courts
he's basically saying I'm going to roll
that back and so now he has an
opportunity to really put his thumb on
the scale to make that difference we
have to do everything possible to make
sure that that doesn't happen so his
views are not in the mainstream and
that's the case that we need to take to
every member of the United States Senate
you're willing to change what has now
been accepted as policy in our state
it's been codified into state law maybe
we'll have a campaign in every state in
America to show people that we are going
to fight for these privacy rights
well Ronald Reagan picked Justice
Kennedy and Justice Kennedy basically
believed in the weapon in the case in
case he said there could not be and the
essential right of a woman to choose an
abortion the right to choose to make the
decision must be protected and there'll
be no undue burden put on her head like
you can't you got to do this one minute
after midnight he had no tricks no one
he said none of that right and so the
point is that you have now this
libertarian judge now being replaced by
a president who is showing authoritarian
tendencies like pence tendencies
authoritarian so he's like it's my way
or and they just laugh this can you can
just slow it down to it here's my hope
you can slow it down until after the
voters vote so you can throw this to the
people this fall so they could have a
say in this thing we're going to throw
it to them right now these privacy
rights that are so important across the
board are things that are now been well
established and are in the penumbra what
we're going to point out is that this
president if he's getting his list from
the Federalist Society or the Heritage
Foundation is supporting textualist
that's it and a textualist means they're
not going to agree that these privacy
rights whether it's your right to
privacy at home whether it's your right
to privacy on the internet whether it's
your right to privacy as a woman that
they are going to support the penumbra
that is existing within the Constitution
that's the fight we're going to take to
the people and that's where we're going
to ask our colleagues on the other side
of the aisle to make sure that they're
supporting those privacy rights as well
Thank You senator very much thank you
very much for coming I want to go to
Alexis on this because I think that
every great Supreme Court decision
whether it was roe v wade be by the bits
are the basic privacy rights of a woman
to make a decision about her body and
the idea is separate but equal' is wrong
inherently these are all profound
decisions that you can't find in the
letter necessarily the guy so you have
to find the spirit inherent in it and
what the country is all about in terms
of the Bill of Rights and so you're not
going to get a textualist as the senator
just said to help you on these men
landmark decisions they're always going
to be saying no
there was gonna say leave it the way it
was your thoughts yes absolutely for roe
v wade that's what they want to change
right exactly
I mean and look I was born in 1972 five
months before roe v wade and so the idea
that that a write that has always
existed in my lifetime and the majority
of women have grown up under is
something that that this administration
wants to undermine and overturn is is
completely insane and the preview you
know we've seen the trailer eighteen
states actually have existing laws
unlike Senator Cantwell's state there
are eighteen states that have existing
laws that are intended to overturn to
eliminate abortion if roe v wade is
overturned so there's reason to be
incredibly concerned about trying to
find a textualist as opposed to really
having this conversation with the people
with the seventy percent of Americans
who support roe v wade is your group
going to try to stop this vote from
occurring before this election well we
are we're doing exactly what senator
Cantwell suggested we are out talking to
every senator having these conversations
because it is imperative that the Senate
rejects any candidate that that opposes
Roe so you know part of the resistance
has certainly been engaging in in in the
streets and the in the marches and the
movement the other part is is having
these conversations with our senators
people like like susan collins and lisa
murkowski who have been incredibly
thoughtful on on helping support women's
health care these are the kinds of
voices the conversations that we need to
be having activating engaging in people
across the country well Republican
senator Susan Collins of Maine said roe
v-- wade is settled law when asked about
abortion rights this afternoon let's
watch well first of all I view roe v--
wade as being settled law is clearly
precedent
and I always look for judges who respect
precedent well southern cows is great
and she said she respects judges accept
it as it is but what do you think
senator Cantwell do you believe that
probing rate is safe I know because when
a president makes that pledge on
national TV and says he's going to stick
to it and then goes to the third measure
of saying he would punish women then I
think you have to take him what we know
that he said during the campaign he is
implementing and what what we don't want
is a bench that basically is going to
follow that textualist list that's being
sent to him
it'd be one thing if he was calling us
up and saying okay I hear you
let's hear who you think our justices
that would follow privacy rights
well this 5-4 court has done stuff none
of us could imagine it intervene at a
presidential election in 2000 took it
out of the hands of the states and
decided that george w bush the five
republicans of the court said should be
president and they voted five to zero to
make george w bush the president estates
well in citizens united they said money
should talk more than the voter they
made that partisan decision they keep
making partisan decisions and then they
say we're above partisanship what
nonsense it's not about partisanship
where it is but it's about corporations
the other side right now is hurrying to
in the tax bill to give corporations
what they want they have people who are
in the cabinet who are not following
regulations and now they want a court
that is also going to side with them and
basically say you know whether it's
clean air that basically was so hard
being the working people of Pennsylvania
Wisconsin in Indiana and Michigan a
place like the working stiff out there
man and woman they thought they're
getting a populist president what they
got as a corporate shill well right now
if they're going to overturn this as the
textualist want then no the little guy
is not going to be represented on the
bench
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
