welcome back the political world still
reeling here Alexandria Ocasio Cortez
joining us here you've been in the
building earlier today I imagine you've
been elsewhere and welcome to politics
by the way on this scale where you know
you win and everybody talks about it and
then something else happens and that
that becomes the earthquake two hours
later so let's get back to your win here
this is this is gonna sound like a minor
question but I'm curious about this I
read last night that when you were
declared the winner Joe Crowley your
opponent he actually have your phone
number you two weren't able to talk have
you made yeah you know we were trying to
make contact honestly my phone has been
bricked all day but what I'm looking
forward to speaking with him we kind of
tweeted back and forth and we'll be
contacting and we'll be making contact
direct contact later today I a I'm
looking forward to having a conversation
with him he was he was blindsided by
this surely yeah I mean I think a lot of
the world was including it maybe the
some people say the Democratic
leadership in Washington certainly this
was a big topic down there today Nancy
Pelosi the House Democratic leader was
asked about it and in terms of that
question of it does this mean something
bigger nationally she downplayed that
and basically said this is this is about
what's going on in that district nothing
bigger than that do you agree with that
well I think there are a lot of
districts in America like mine I think
there are a lot of districts in America
that have changed a lot in the last 10
to 20 years whether it's economically
whether it's demographically age-wise
etc and you know perhaps they may have
had incumbents that aren't as home
around at home as much as as perhaps
they should be in in such volatile times
and so I think that there are a lot of
races out there right now you know I'm
part of the slate of 60 candidates
nationwide that are running the exact
same race that I am folks like Ayanna
Presley out in Massachusetts I think
she's absolutely right for an upset
folks like Kanye laying out in Hawaii
Brent welder in Kansas all of these
primaries are coming up and I'm hopeful
you know I'm very hopeful that this is
part of a potential caucus that may be
coming in it's interesting to hear you
talk this way because generally in
politics I'm sure you know this when
folks win and get into office the
calculus changes and the code is you're
in your support incumbents you endorse
incumbents you came up against that
surely in this campaign right now
once you're in office once you take that
oath in January you still gonna be
backing challengers to your fellow to
your colleagues to your bank I think
what at the end of the day this is about
issues you know this is about healthcare
this about education this is about
housing and you know even even my
opponent the congressman himself at a
recent debate that we had he said there
are bad Democrats he said that not even
me and I think that you know if the
fourth you know who was most recently
the fourth most powerful Democrat in the
House of Representatives was saying that
there are bad Democrats maybe maybe
there are and and I think that primaries
are healthy for our democracy you know I
think that there are plenty of
incumbents that are doing an amazing
amazing job
but just because you're in a seat
doesn't mean that you are entitled to
keep it this is a democracy we do have
elections every two years and there are
really you know healthy and amazing
directions that I think we can go let me
ask you about the the state of the
National Democratic Party Joe Crowley
was thought to be the next Democratic
leader maybe at the end of this year and
may be the next Speaker of the House
he's out of the picture now Nancy Pelosi
is the Democratic leader she says she
wants to run again and serve again as
the party leader do you want to support
her for that well you know let's let me
win the election first in November
before we or I make commitments but you
know I think that she's I think that
she's you know won I think she's a
candidate to consider and I think that
you know when it comes to the leadership
of the party that's a conversation that
I have you know once I'm an elected
member of Congress there's no commitment
going in have you heard from her today I
spoke with her and she was incredibly
kind incredibly kind what did she say to
you I you know she you know she said she
said that she she loved working with Joe
but that she's actually always wanted
younger women in Congress and that men
tend to run at younger ages and women
tend to run at older ages and that she's
actually very happy to see you know some
some new blood you know and you know I
look forward I look forward to meeting
her in that chamber I mean you are a
member of the the Democratic socialists
of America and there was not long ago in
American politics were the idea of being
associated with socialism we wouldn't
even consider that you could win it a
serious election the movement you're a
part of how big do you think it is and
do you think it's still it's the kind of
thing that could still cause political
problems for the Democrats in part of
this country Wow I think sometimes like
we we create these these fear-based
labels you know do we talk about
authoritarian capitalism because we have
an authoritarian capitalist hyper
capitalist in the in the presidency you
know I think once we started fixing
these labels instead of thinking about
what does this actually mean what are we
actually fighting for we're fighting for
the right for every working-class
American to have actual dignified health
care housing and education in the United
States and that's what I'm committed to
and you know I think that that is not a
liability that's a strength okay
Alexandria occasio cortes thank you
congratulations again I'll be right back
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more me to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
