and welcome back tonight
eating meat the midterm something a
little different how could midterm
politics play into the confirmation of
the next Supreme Court justice so we've
been talking about this look here's the
balance of power in the Senate the
Republicans Trump he's got to get the
nominee through the Senate the good news
for Republicans is they got 51 votes we
said there's no more filibuster so 51
votes would do it keep in mind however
John McCain has been sidelined recently
we don't know his status that could
functionally mean Republicans are at 50
votes and 50 puts him right there with
basically no margin for error on this on
the flip side the question for Democrats
has been hey if you want to try to beat
this nomination
can you hold everybody together and pick
off some Republicans so first let's look
at this from the Democrat standpoint if
they want to pick off this nominee beat
it somehow here's what they need they
got their 49 they want to hold those
together and then what where could they
look they got to pick off Republicans
somewhere where could they look Dean
Heller running for re-election in Nevada
Nevada a state that Hillary Clinton
carried a Clinton State Republican
running for re-election could Democrats
raise the political temperature enough
in that state to make Heller think it's
in his political interest to vote with
them and against this nominee that's a
tough road though but that's something
to think about how about corker and
flake these are two senators who have
certainly had their differences with
Donald Trump who are not running for
re-election who do not have to face the
voters do not have to face Republican
primary voters maybe there's some burst
of Independence there on their part and
they feel you know it's time to to make
some kind of a statement
how about Susan Collins Lisa Murkowski
they're not up for re-election they are
pro-choice we talked about that issue of
abortion Roe versus Wade how that
factors in critically to this nomination
potentially would one of them say on the
basis of that issue or maybe something
else they've had their differences as
well with their party and the
conservative base before maybe one of
them and then McCain you remember last
year McCain that thumbs down on health
care maybe he could emerge somehow keep
in mind though all of these Republicans
were yes votes on Neal Gorsuch last year
so none of them broke their and quickly
the other thing to keep in mind
Democrats can try to pick off
Republicans they got to worry about
their own Joe Manchin running for real
ex
the state Donald Trump won by 42 points
heidi heitkamp in a state Trump won by
36 Joe Donnelly in a state Trump carried
by 20
there'll be weeks away from facing the
voters maybe days away do they want to
break with the Trump administration side
with Democrats in blockade a nominee of
this administration that would be a
tough vote to sell in those states or
Democrats those that's the math that's
the mathematical reality if they want to
try to beat this nominee of course we
will see who the true the president
actually does nominate and how the fight
develops then hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
