let's start with reaction to the wind
last night Alexandria Oh Castillo Cortez
beating out Joe Crowley and what is
considered an upset reminiscent of Eric
Cantor on the Republican side four years
ago she ran a fantastic campaign and I
think at the end of 2018 when you see
remarkable results for Democrats across
the country the role of women leading
the charge is going to be a big part of
the the story of 2018 she she was a
firebrand she talked about the issues
that mattered most in their districts
and I have great respect for Joe Crowley
as well he was one of the original
supporters of Medicare for all among the
leadership the Democratic Party and and
she came forward in a remarkable fashion
then and another example of the energy
we see across America you know this is a
I think this is an exciting time for for
the movement and we see this all over
the country let's talk about that energy
and what it means for the party as a
whole
trimmer pres because I'm wondering if
this victory by Ocasio Cortes signals to
you a frustration with where Democratic
leadership is right now whether this is
a sign coming from progressives coming
from some Democrats that Nancy Pelosi
and Chuck Schumer needs to step aside
and let in some new blood well you know
time will tell what what happens in that
front but what what I think we've seen
in elections across the country are
candidates who won by focusing on the
issues that we're keeping their
constituents up at night Alexandria
focused on so many issues that were
front and center in her very diverse
community you know a few months back
Connor Lam was focusing on they know the
right to form a union the the pension
security things of that nature and and
you know he was prescient in the sense
that the Supreme Court this morning is
making it harder for public sector labor
unions to organize and so what I'm
seeing in the candidates that we've been
you know out there working with and and
and observing is that they're they're
really focused like a laser on how to
improve the lives of people they want to
make sure that they're making lives
better for folks I want to be sure to be
able to have some time to talk with you
about the Supreme Court decision we
mentioned at the top of the show but
before I do a couple more quick
questions for you sure so you said time
will tell when it comes to the future of
the leadership in Congress of the
Democratic Party name some names who
would you like to see potentially step
into a Democratic leadership role it's
not Nancy Pelosi I'll leave that to
other people I'll tell you what my focus
is on making sure we with what we have
to make sure we're winning in November
because again it's important to
understand that the playing field in so
many of these congressional races is not
level because of the the partisan
gerrymander and the racial gerrymander
in some cases like Texas and so we're
focused like a laser on helping to win
these races making sure we are leading
with our values we're organizing early
we're organizing everywhere and I'm
proud of the work we've been able to do
with the DNC over the course of the last
you know 17 months not only in the
federal races but in state and local
races as well it given that does this a
signal to the DNC will you do some
soul-searching and perhaps have the DNC
put their finger on the scale for some
of these more progressive candidates and
areas where you think they could be more
successful well listen I'm proud of the
people that we've been supporting across
the board you know we were out with her
ill tipper ninny who ran a spirited
campaign in the 8th congressional
district of Arizona and she came up just
short but she's running again in
November and we're gonna continue to
work with her because she's a
spectacular candidate so we're gonna
continue to be supporting candidates and
in the platform of the Democratic Party
where we're about fighting for good jobs
we're about fighting for health care
we're about fighting for women's
economic empowerment we're about
fighting for our future and frankly
we're about fighting for our democracy
winning then very quickly before I move
on chairman Perez given that you talked
about the endorsements at the DNC has
made somebody that you endorsed that
that created a lot of consternation
among the progressive wing of the party
was Andrew Cuomo in the New York
governor's race Cynthia Nixon of course
has embraced almost literally Alexandria
Ocasio Cortes perhaps Cuomo is waking up
a little more nervous
morning about his race do you believe do
you still think Cuomo is the best
representative of New York given this
decisive victory for this this fresh
female faces you've described her well
as I've said a number of times I've
known both the Cuomo and the whole
family Cathy hopeful the lieutenant
governor for over 20 years
my brother lives down the street from
the holes in Buffalo and when you have a
friendship of that long those things
matter for me and so it was a personal
endorsement but I haven't been involved
in the campaign and and the voters will
choose and I'm thrilled for the energy
that's out there both last night that we
saw and throughout America
Democrats the enthusiasm is on our side
and and the ideas are on our side we're
fighting for good jobs we're fighting
for health care we're fighting for the
right to organize a union we're fighting
for women's economics on that that's
what we're doing on the Union front big
blow to public sector unions as Pete
Williams just explained coming down from
the Supreme Court at the top of the show
what can you do what can Democrats do
where do you go from here we have to
elect more Democrats what we have seen
over the coin wising issue you think
people action is show up come November
because of this decision absolutely this
is a blow to unions and it's a blow to
the middle class and and it is part of
an absolutely unmistakable pattern from
this administration to make it harder
for working people to organize and and
it's in this decision you look at this
decision you look at the gerrymandering
decision you look at the the voter purge
case of a week or so ago you look at a
case on women's reproductive health what
we know now is that this stolen fifth
seat has wreaked havoc on basic values
we saw yesterday with the the Muslim ban
as well and and what we have to do we do
not have a check and balance in the
Supreme Court right now we do not have a
check and balance in the Republican
leadership in the house or the Senate
the party of Lincoln is dead
replaced by the party of Trump and so
what we have to do the most important
thing we can do is elect Democrats this
November and that's what we're doing
because we need a check-in balance this
is the most dangerous president in
American history it's harder to form
Union it's harder to make ends meet it's
harder to get healthcare it's harder for
women to get access to reproductive
health and you know what that's wrong
and that's why we're gonna fight because
this is an assault on our fundamental
premises of our democracy Chairman Tom
Perez very quickly before I let you go I
gotta clarify because I didn't hear a
clear answer from you should Nancy
Pelosi issue the right leader to lead
the Democratic Party into the future yes
or no well listen that'll be up for the
Democratic leadership to decide I have
great I have great respect is she has
done great work for the Affordable Care
Act exists because of Nancy Pelosi it's
important to remember that and she has
done a lot of work to make sure that
these excesses of this Trump
administration are held in check as best
as we can thank you for checking out our
YouTube channel why don't you subscribe
it's really easy just click on that
button down there and for more news from
MSNBC click on any of these videos here
for the latest interviews and highlights
you can get more videos from MSNBC with
our newsletters head over to msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up
