even for someone known to tell untruths
lies last week was a particularly
prolific week for president Trump
according to an analysis from the
Toronto Star Trump made 103 false claims
last week an average of 15 per day my
gut is the Muller stuff is bothering him
a lot or he got a call he didn't like
that's usually what happens that
shattered his previous one-week record
of 60 from back in March / the paper as
president Trump makes an average of a
hundred and one false claims per month
Joe and this really does have serious
implications in terms of our democracy
and what I mean it sends an amazing it
sends a terrible message globally and
anybody that suggests it doesn't is
either ignorant or they're liars and
they're just dupes for Trump's for
tropica Admirals for Venus you and I
grew up Mike Barnicle grew up at a time
where we were in the middle of the Cold
War and it was Russia that was
constantly churning out lies their
leaders saying things that everybody
across the world knew wasn't true the
joke and America would be if somebody
said something that was blatantly
dishonest would say you know my god what
are you working for Pravda now it McGinn
of the first Gulf War everybody joked
about Baghdad Bob saying things that he
knew was false and that people watching
knew was false but he would say them
anyway what is the impact globally when
we have a president who does that who
says things that are false he knows
their faults the reporters know their
faults and yes even most of his
followers know that they're false but
they repeat them anyway because they
want to blindly follow a man that so
many of them are in this personality
cult with you know this is often called
gaslighting it's just repeating
something over and over again until your
followers just kind of accepted and I'll
answer the question how is it affecting
us by saying I've been on the road for
about two weeks in Europe Asia Hong Kong
Singapore France it
I spent half my time in every meeting
kind of explaining what's going on with
our president and our administration
it's just enormous sand in the gears and
this is really what the NATO heads of
state and government are concerned about
it's all a distraction and it has
significant potential consequence if we
don't have credibility in crisis and
that is what real lotta concern is well
you know Mika we were talking Mika about
what Donald Trump all of Donald Trump's
lies about what was happening on the
border and we went through with him one
by one by one a couple of days ago talk
about our allies talk about the impact
Donald Trump's not only lying about
what's happening on our borders and
what's happening in our country every
day and again this is an opinion it's
verifiable put one tweet next to another
put one statement next to another put
one image next to another put one chart
next to another
it's verify objectable objectively
verifiable facts he's not only lying
about what's happening in America last
week he lied about what was going on in
Germany saying because of Angela
Merkel's immigration policies crime in
Germany is at an all-time high and her
approval ratings are at an all-time low
that actually objectify ibly both of
those statements were false Angela
Merkel is the most popular politician in
Germany and German crime is at a
generational low so what impact does
that have on perhaps our most important
European ally when our commander in
chief our president is lying about their
internal affairs and lying about the
person that runs their country long term
impact our strategic alliances those
behind closed doors and above board are
being whittled away the United States is
being brought down everything that we
stand for in our place in the world he's
chipping away at it every day and at
some point hopefully Americans will
understand what is happening I don't
think there's a deep understanding
across the board about how vital it is
that we are respected
not about strong it's about respect
Admiral stavridis thank you very much I
appreciate it still ahead on Morning Joe
more on the reaction to the Supreme
Court's decision to hold up president
Trump's travel ban Senate Foreign
Relations member Chris Coons is planning
to introduce anti-discrimination
legislation in the wake of that ruling
the senator will join our discussion
plus New York Congressman Joe Crowley
pays tribute to the woman who ended his
10 term run with a song and a lot of
class and not just any song we'll talk
to the 28 year old Alexandria Ocasio
Cortez who unseated him morning Joe
we'll be right back thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
