welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with a look at Axios a.m.
national political reporter for Axios
Jonathan Swan Jonathan good morning to
you talk to us about Axios is one big
thing today ahead of the potential
summit between Donald Trump and Vladimir
Putin I interviewed four senior
officials from NATO member nations there
was very consistent concern across all
of these officials about the about the
summit and the main concern it was very
starkly illustrated to me by Poland
senator and Secretary of State
Anna Maria Anders is that Putin will
charm Donald Trump into giving something
away and that their their summit will be
a much warmer affair that they worried
it will be much warmer affair than the
NATO summit where NATO members are
expecting Donald Trump to turn up and
beat them up over not paying enough in
their defence budgets I know that we we
had heard that Bolton was gonna be
meeting meeting with Sergey Lavrov but I
actually just just heard and got an
email that that actually Putin is gonna
be meeting with Bolton as well but today
in Moscow from Russian state media what
do you make of this new development
well I only just found out about two
minutes ago from your producer your
wonderful producer who sent me the email
he's our pain so I haven't had time to
process this but I mean look we know how
important the negotiations are for this
summit their negotiate negotiating over
timing for the summit location and
what's on the agenda and when I've
spoken
I've spoken to officials who have been
in touch with the White House foreign
officials and they say the White House
has been very vague about what they want
to accomplish in this meeting and part
of that is because the the view that
they're certainly these foreign
officials have gotten from the White
House is that Donald Trump himself
doesn't know what deliverables he wants
to achieve from this meeting his viewers
just get me in the room with the guy
yeah it's kind of like a precursor as we
saw with Pompeo meeting with North
Korean officials before the
in Singapore let's talk about the
primary from last night Jonathan we had
the shake-up the loss by Democrat Joe
Crowley a major Democrat there thinking
that he was going to take over Pelosi
spot obviously that's not happening now
whose seat is safe here going forward
well look nobody's clearly I mean this
was a race on nobody's radar
nobody's radar hype seasoned political
reporters were melting down on Twitter
last night you can almost see the steam
coming out of their heads and no I'm
thought that this was possible he was in
line potentially to replace Nancy Pelosi
for speaker what it shows I think is
that the progressive energy is
overtaking the Democratic Party and we
talk about an identity crisis it's very
clear where the energy and the momentum
is it's on it's on the the left of the
party and remember this is a 28 year old
the the person who beat Joe Crowley
latina socialist who who campaigned to
get rid of Immigration and Customs
Enforcement Agency I mean this is I mean
very very clear where where the energy
in the party lives yeah she seems very
surprised by her win I gotta say that
was quite an unbelievable loss for
Crowley it was amazing think they're do
you think there's gonna be a renewed
talk about a change in the Democratic
Party's leadership now well I mean I
don't know about renewed it's a constant
talk I mean almost any new candidate
that gets interviewed on television is
asked will you support Nancy Pelosi for
Speaker I think this is this group of
leadership I mean they're old let's be
honest they're very old and and there is
a hunger among a large proportion of
these younger members for generational
change so this these questions are not
going to go away I quickly want to touch
on a new poll that's out this morning
from Axios and SurveyMonkey how has
trump's presidency impacted Republicans
trust in news organizations that you've
been seeing from this pole this pole is
stunning I mean we're publishing it this
morning in Access am ninety two percent
of Republicans and Republican leaning
independents believe that the mainstream
media purpose flower deliberately
reports fake news or misleading news
like let that sink in yeah that is
unbelievable to see all right Jonathan
Swan for us thank you so much we're
gonna be reading Axia saying in just a
little bit and to all our viewers out
there you too can sign up for the
newsletter sign up Axios com
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
