and thanks to at home for joining us
this hour so um the Axis powers in World
War two were Germany Italy Japan right
there was the Allies on one side the
axis on the other that was the axis at
the time of World War two and in the
years leading up to it of course there
were many millions of American citizens
in this country who were of German
origin lots of German American citizens
here also tons of Italian origin
American citizens Italian Americans all
over this country but but it's
interesting German Americans and Italian
Americans didn't all get put in
internment camps during World War two
right they weren't rounded up the
Germans and the Italians in this country
of the Axis powers it was only
japanese-americans who got put in
internment camps on mass in World War
two why was that why was it just them in
1982 a legal historian lawyer named
Peter irons was going through boxes of
government documents he was researching
the origins of that World War two policy
in which the US government locked up
japanese-americans and and much to his
surprise
Peter irons stumbled upon a whole bunch
of evidence about where that policy had
basically come from and it was evidence
that had been lost to history it had
never been made part of the official
record never been made part of the the
government record the historical record
or the legal record of where that policy
came from FDR issued an executive order
to lock up japanese-americans in in
February 1942 that executive order cited
military necessity as the reason why all
japanese-americans had to be locked up
it cited the the the military necessity
of protecting the homeland essentially
from japanese-americans who would want
to sabotage and subvert the war effort
here at home quote the successful
prosecution of the war requires every
possible protection against espionage
and against sabotage to national defense
material national defense premises and
national defense utilities the the the
basis for that military necessity claim
the key basis for that
was a report that had been prepared by a
US Army general as a report on the
possibility of Japan attacking the west
coast of the United States and that
report asserted that Japanese Americans
living in the United States would assist
Japan in any such attack the
japanese-americans would commit acts of
espionage and acts of sabotage against
the US government and the US military in
that same report that general asserted
that the quote racial characteristics of
japanese-americans predisposed them to
assist Japanese forces in any such
attack he also said it was impossible to
distinguish loyal from disloyal members
of that racial group on the basis of
those findings this report from this US
Journal advocated that all
japanese-americans should be rounded up
forcibly and put in remote concentration
camps for the duration of the war effort
it was a military necessity and you know
that's that's interesting that that one
general thought that but it turns out he
didn't represent the US government
consensus conclusions on that point it
turns out in fact that the War
Department at the time kind of thought
that he was cuckoo for cocoa puffs the
War Department issued strong objections
to that generals report they made a
whole bunch of changes to his report
because the War Department thought that
he was wrong about a lot of his
conclusions and his premises when the
War Department ordered his report
changed the general then ordered that
all the original copies of his report
should be withdrawn from circulation and
burned and he then denied that any
initial report had ever existed he
denied the fact that there had been
these revisions the government pretended
that this original draft didn't exist
that there'd never been these recisions
that there'd never been these objections
from the War Department
they made no formal record of all these
objections from inside the military the
ones that led to his first report being
burned in a second one being issued in
its place navy intelligence it turns out
filed the competing report saying the
supposed threat of treason by
japanese-americans was being vastly
overstated quote in short the entire
Japanese problem has been magnified out
of its true proportion large
because of the physical characteristics
of these people this should be handled
on the basis of the individual and not
on a racial basis by 1944 after the
policy was already in effect the War
Department documents the War Department
had documents in which they were bluntly
asserting that the supposed military
justification for rounding up
japanese-americans was buck this was
still during the war quote the vast mass
of Fifth Column folklore insofar as
concrete evidence is concerned is almost
entirely baseless that was the War
Department during 1944 so here's the
problem here's the legal problem
Japanese Americans who were rounded up
and put in these internment camps
because of FDR's executive order they
challenged the internment camps in
quarters in courting including Fred
Korematsu a japanese-american who was
picked up off the street in San Leandro
California during the war he was
fiercely opposed to internment he
thought it was wrong
he fought it his case went all the way
to the United States Supreme Court and
Fred Korematsu at the United States
Supreme Court lost the justices in 1944
cited the quote real military dangers
presented by the government to justify
the internment policy what Peter irons
later discovered in those dusty boxes of
government documents years later is that
there was no such clear determination of
military dangers that justified locking
up all japanese-americans the Justice
Department in fact at the time had all
sorts of contrary evidence they had all
these internal reports they had
intelligence documents they had findings
from within the War Department
that totally disputed this contention
they were maintaining publicly that
there was a consensus within the
military of a need to lock these
japanese-americans up when it came time
to defend the internment camps in court
the government lied to the court when
they withheld all of that contrary
evidence from the government's own files
about the wobbliness of this contention
that there was some millet
necessity that was undergirding that
policy the military didn't think there
was any such necessity there was no
consensus about that but the government
lied and said that there was a consensus
that everybody agreed that that was
clear so that policy was signed into law
in 1942 by FDR over a hundred thousand
japanese-americans were locked up it was
until 40 years after the policy was
implemented that Peter irons found all
that lost evidence and dusty misfiled
mislabeled boxes and the bowels of the
Justice Department and when he came
across those documents in 1982 he came
across this stuff showing that the
supposed military necessity for the
internment camps was not at all the way
the government had described it in court
he knew when he saw those documents that
what he had found was probably going to
change the history of Japanese
internment in this country
reporter avi silk wrote about this for
the Washington Post
last year quote the lawyer had stumbled
across the papers in a government
storeroom secret admissions from US
officials that a supposed matter of
national security was not what it
appeared the executive order led to
abrupt explosions mass detentions in the
persecution of thousands and the basis
of their of their ethnicity of their
ethnicity but it was false to the core
Peter irons the lawyer intended to prove
it but he couldn't do it by himself with
the documents in hand and a knot in his
stomach he stucked out of a taxi in San
Leandro California in 1982 and he walked
up to the home of Fred Korematsu Peter
irons knew the man only by reputation
long ago Korematsu had been arrested in
this city his hometown for defying an
executive order that led to the
expulsion or imprisonment of more than a
hundred thousand japanese-americans
Korematsu had gone to court to fight it
but in 1944 he lost in the Supreme Court
defeat changed Korematsu for decades
he'd been living quietly in a small
house refusing to discuss his case with
anyone even his own children blaming
himself for what his government had done
to his people it had taken Peter irons
two letters and a phone call just to get
an audience in Fred Korematsu living
room now he sat across from the man
nervous
hoping that seeing incriminating
documents the government had kept secret
during his trial would convince him to
fight again Korematsu was a quiet man he
sat in his chair puffed on his pipe and
he read Peter irons his papers in total
silence irons later recalled quote at
least twenty minutes passed without a
single word being said then he looked
over at me and he said would you be my
lawyer
when Fred Korematsu had gone all the way
to the Supreme Court back in the 1940s
and lost that case the Supreme Court
upheld internment camps for US citizens
on the basis of race and they base that
court ruling on the government's
contention that there were clear
findings of a military necessity that
justified that policy there were no such
clear findings that court ruling was
based on a false premise and the
documents proving that were discovered
forty years later and Fred Korematsu did
decide to go back to court and this time
he won he got his conviction overturned
the judge in his case told the courtroom
that the government's position was quote
tantamount to a confession of error
still took a long time but in 2011 the
US Justice Department officially made a
formal concession of error in the
internment camps case the US government
formally acknowledging that the
government's defense of the internment
camps the government's defense of that
policy creating the camp's that
government defense was built on a lie
they had withheld evidence from the
court tonight we have been watching
protests unfold around the country in
response to the Supreme Court ruling to
uphold the Trump administration's Muslim
ban the first iteration of President
Trump's Muslim ban you might remember
didn't survive the first weekend of the
new administration the second iteration
of the Muslim ban was partially blocked
before it even went into effect and then
the rest of it expired since then
they've been pushing for a third
iteration of the Muslim ban and today
that is what was upheld at the US
Supreme Court in a 5-4 decision the
conservative majority at the court
decided to discount the anti-muslim
statements from President Trump that he
is you
consistently to explain the policy and
justify the policy the majority instead
decided to believe that there were
national security concerns of some kind
that must be what really undergirds the
policy regardless of what the president
has said it was a five-to-four decision
all the hard core conservative justices
appointed by Republican presidents sided
with the Trump administration including
Anthony Kennedy including Neel Gorsuch
who was only nominated to the court
after Republicans in the US Senate held
a Supreme Court seat open for more than
a year rather than allowing a hearing on
a vote for a nominee hring or a vote on
a nominee from President Obama that's
how ill Gorsuch got that seat which is
totally unprecedented in the history of
the court the Gorsuch example though is
now the new precedent for how the US
Senate will handle vacancies on the
court the Gorsuch experience means
realistically speaking that if and when
Democrats take back control of the US
Senate they too will not allow any seat
on the court to be filled until a
president of their party is in office to
make a new Supreme Court nomination
that's the new precedent now because of
Senate Republicans and what they did to
give Neal Gorsuch his seat the gorsek
seat what Republicans did to give him
that seat to deprive President Obama the
opportunity of nominating his own
candidate that is the new reality of how
the court will be treated from here on
it and with all of these really quite
aged justices and Democrats hell-bent on
taking back both houses of Congress as
soon as they can because of that Gorsuch
precedent we are on the cusp of a really
strange new era in constitutional
governance in this country you should
know in the short-term tomorrow there's
likely to be another blockbuster
conservative ruling that is likely to
gut Union rights in this country today
alongside the Muslim ban ruling we also
got another fairly radical five-to-four
conservative ruling against abortion
rights Republican Senate Leader Mitch
McConnell has bragged that blocking
President Obama from making a Supreme
Court nomination was the most
consequential act of all his decades in
public office I am sure I am quite sure
that Mitch McConnell is very much right
about that but the response to the
Muslim and ruling today hasn't been the
typical response to just another
typically conservative ruling from this
conservative court and I think the the
the the significant reaction that you've
seen today to this Muslim man ruling is
in part because one of the two dissents
in the case from justices who disagreed
with the majority ruling one of the two
dissents today went off basically like a
bag of firecrackers in a small enclosed
space when justices disagree with the
majority ruling they don't have to spell
out their reasons for their disagreement
when they do so it's published alongside
the majority opinion as a published and
dissent they always end with the Justice
saying I respectfully dissent unless the
justice in that particular case is
really mad in which case the Justice
might drop the respectfully and say I
dissent if a justice is really really
really mad he or she might elect not
just to drop the respect respectfully
sort of the next step they might take is
to go beyond even just publishing a
written version of the dissent justices
what they're really fired up sometimes
decide to read their dissent from the
bench today Justice Sonia Sotomayor
did both of those things she did not
quote respectfully dissent she just said
I dissent and she read her dissent out
loud in court and at the apex of her
argument she cited the Korematsu case
the infamous Fred Korematsu Supreme
Court case the flawed Supreme Court case
from 1944 that upheld the internment
camps on the basis of supposed national
security concerns that the government
lied to the court about the revelation
of those lies before today had already
led to the overturning of fred
korematsu's individual conviction and it
led to a formal apology from the Justice
Department for having lied to the court
but before today the Korematsu ruling
was still technically on the books sort
Sotomayor cited the Korematsu ruling
today in her dissent that led Chief
Justice John Roberts to basically
renounce her for citing that case he
said it was totally irrelevant to the
Muslim ban ruling today but then he
issued essentially a one-line statement
declaring that once and for all
Korematsu is hereby officially
overturned as of today which is great I
mean Korematsu was why
the viewed is a dead-letter because it
has been so roundly repudiated both by
history and by the legal record but now
it's officially gone as a Supreme Court
precedent which as I say is is great you
know just in case concentration camps
based on race or something the Trump
administration might want to pursue with
people other than Central American
migrants on the border that one line
today from Chief Justice John Roberts
might make that a little bit harder in
terms of Supreme Court precedent so yeah
but check this out from Sonia Sotomayor
today in case you have not already seen
what what she said today and she said it
out loud she read it from the bench just
you should know that this is what she
said
quote the United States of America is a
nation built upon the promise of
religious liberty our founders honored
that core promise by embedding the
principle of religious neutrality in the
First Amendment the court's decision
today fails to safeguard that
fundamental principle
it leaves undisturbed a policy first
advertised openly and unequivocally as a
total and complete shutdown of Muslims
entering the United States
because the policy now masquerades
behind a facade of national security
concerns although the majority briefly
recounts a few of the statements and
background events that form the basis of
plaintiffs constitutional challenge that
highly abridged account doesn't even
tell half of the story the full records
paint the full record paints a far more
harrowing picture from which a
reasonable observer would readily
conclude that the proclamation was
motivated by hostility and animus toward
the Muslim faith during his presidential
campaign then candidate Donald Trump
pledged that if elected he would ban
Muslims from entering the United States
specifically on December 7th 2015 he
issued a formal statement calling for a
total and complete shutdown of Muslims
entering the United States on December
8th 2015
Trump justified his proposal during a
television interview by noting that
President Franklin D Roosevelt quote did
the same thing with respect to the
internment of japanese-americans during
World War two in January 2016 during a
Republican primary debate Trump was
asked whether he wanted to rethink his
position on banning Muslims from
entering the country he answered no a
month later at a rally in South Carolina
Trump told an apocryphal story about us
John J Pershing killing a large group of
Muslim insurgents in the Philippines
with bullets dipped in pig's blood in
the early 1900's in March 2016 he
expressed his belief that quote Islam
hates us
we can't allow people coming into this
country you have this hatred of the
United States and of people that are not
Muslim that same month Trump asserted
that we're having problems with the
Muslims and we're having problems with
Muslims coming into the country Justice
continues despite several opportunities
to do so President Trump has never
disavowed any of his prior statements
about Islam instead he has continued to
make remarks that a reasonable observer
would view as an unrelenting attack on
the Muslim religion and its followers
taking all the relevant evidence
together a reasonable observer would
conclude that the proclamation was
driven primarily by anti-muslim animus
rather than by the government's asserted
national security justifications
ultimately what began as a policy
explicitly calling for a total and
complete shutdown of Muslims entering
the United States has since morphed into
a proclamation putatively based on
national security concerns but this new
window-dressing cannot conceal an
unassailable fact that the proclamation
is contaminated by impermissible
discriminatory animus against Islam and
its followers rather than defend the
president's problematic statements the
government has urged this court to set
them aside and defer to the President on
issues related to immigration and
national security
the majority meaning the conservative
majority accepts that invitation
Sotomayor then goes on to detail goes
into detail describing quote serious
questions about the legitimacy of the
president's proclaimed national security
rationale she says quote tellingly the
government remains wholly unable to
articulate any credible national
security interest that would go
unaddressed by current laws absent this
travel ban Proclamation none of the
features of the proclamation highlighted
by the majority supports the
government's claim that the proclamation
is genuinely and primarily rooted in a
legitimate national security interest
the First Amendment stands as a bulwark
against official religious prejudice and
embodies our nation's deep commitment to
religious plurality and tolerance that
constitutional promise is why for
centuries now people have come to this
country from every
corner of the world to share in the
blessing of religious freedom instead of
vindicating those principles today's
decision tosses them aside in holding
that the First Amendment gives way to an
executive policy that a reasonable
observer would view is motivated by
animus against Muslims the majority
opinion appends this Court's precedent
repeats tragic mistakes of the past and
denies countless individuals the
fundamental right of religious liberty
today's holding is all the more
troubling given the stark parallels
between the reasoning of this case and
that of Korematsu versus United States
1944 in Korematsu the court gave a pass
to an odious gravely injurious racial
classification authorized by an
executive order as here the government
invoked an ill-defined national security
threat to justify an exclusionary policy
of sweeping proportion as here the
exclusion order was rooted in dangerous
stereotypes about a particular groups
supposed inability to assimilate and
desire to harm the United States as here
the government was unwilling to reveal
its own intelligence agencies views of
the alleged security concerns to the
very citizens it purported to protect
and as here there was strong evidence
that impermissible hostility and animus
motivated the government's policy in the
intervening years since Korematsu our
nation has done much to leave its sordid
legacy behind today the court takes the
important step of finally overruling
Korematsu denouncing it is gravely
gravely wrong the day it was decided
this formal repudiation of a shameful
precedent is laudable and long overdue
but it does not make the majority's
decision here acceptable or right by
blindly accepting the government's
misguided invitation to sanction it's a
discriminatory policy motivated by
animosity toward a disfavored group all
in the name of a superficial claim of
national security
the court redeploys the same dangerous
logic underlying Korematsu and merely
replaces one gravely wrong decision with
another our Constitution demands and our
country deserves a judiciary will be
willing to hold the coordinate branches
to account when they defy our most
sacred legal commitments
because the court's decision today has
failed in that respect with profound
regret I dissent not I respectfully
dissent but I dissent so the Supreme
Court ruling that justified internment
camps for japanese-american from the
1940s that Supreme Court ruling is dead
officially as of today for a long time
it's already been dead in a practical
sense because it was shown to be based
on a lie a literal lie the government
said those internment camps were were
necessary for a clear national security
purpose they didn't have any clear
national security purpose that justified
that policy it was actually based
impermissibly on racial animus and the
government hid evidence of that from the
court when the court upheld those camps
the government covered it up they lied
to the court they got away with it for
decades but it was finally exposed that
ruling for the internment camps the
reasoning that justified him it was
finally decades later exposed as a sham
the justices who dissented from the
Korematsu ruling back in 1944 over time
have been proven correct
today the Korematsu ruling finally went
away as formal Supreme Court precedent
in her dissent today in the Muslim ban
ruling Justice Sonia Sotomayor says the
same national security claims that
purports to underlie the Trump Muslim
ban are also likely spurious the way
they were in karmasu and in this case
there's nothing secret about the animus
that underlies this Trump administration
policy in the Korematsu case the
government had to lie to the court about
it took decades to dig up evidence right
in the Muslim ban case there's nothing
secret here there's nothing secret about
the animus at work here the president
talks about it openly all the time
nobody has withheld that evidence from
the conservative majority of the Supreme
Court they just today chose to ignore it
and this is the Supreme Court so there's
no appealing this decision there's no
appeal at least within the court system
there's no secret history of prejudice
here for Apia a new Peter Irons to to
find evidence of an old misfiled dusty
box that he can then take to Fred
Korematsu and beg him to
bring it back to the courts courts won't
fix this in this case the evidence of
animus is you know it's in the
newspapers it's in public statements
it's in speeches it's in the president's
Twitter feed and now we as a country
have nowhere to take that evidence
except to the voting booth because this
is now something that the courts will
not fix Congress could fix it but that
would require changing the Congress hey
there are misses for MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
