welcome back everybody joining us from
Washington with looking Axios am
editor-in-chief for Axios Nicholas
Johnson Nick good morning to you good
morning talk to us about Axios is one
big thing today yeah the one big thing
today is the end of President Trump's
first term domestic agenda he got a win
on the tax bill earlier this year but
don't expect anything else to happen in
Congress remember when we used to talk
about entitlement reform or an
infrastructure bill none of those things
are in the cards with narrow Republican
majorities in the House and Senate and
this is a midterm year we're shifting to
campaign mode so given that gridlock
that you just described there what's the
soonest you think DC's gridlock could
possibly break right don't look for it
to happen in the midterm elections
Republicans we taught to still expect
the Democrats to probably take the house
giving a majority there
although the Republicans will probably
hold on to the Senate but a Democratic
majority and the house will shift the
focus from legislation to investigation
look for them to lead probes into a
trump administration all the things that
they've been complaining about as a
minority party they'll go after on the
majority party so legislation won't be a
thing again until probably 2021 if we
can get a Democratic president a
Democratic House or Trump gets reelected
and Republicans take control so so as
we've seen so far the president is not
gonna let up despite what you're
reporting right what is his game plan to
accomplish part of his identity agenda
right well what Trump is actually
shifting his focus to is more
International Affairs something that he
can the president can act sort of with
impunity without the approval of
Congress a lot we've seen that recently
and his focus on the North Korean summit
we've seen in a lot of the action
controversies over trade whether said
tariffs will be implemented on certain
kinds of things and we're in see that
part of coming up with a NATO summit
later this month and of course the
president is planning a meeting with
Belden or Putin later this summer as
well so Trump's focus is shifting from
domestic where he's been constrained by
Congress to international affairs raised
a little more free of a hand let's
switch gears a little bit talk about the
United States as international agenda
and relationships because it's been a
bit of a rocky month for the president
how do you european leaders feel about
trump with this escalating trade war
between them there
with Canada the tensions with China yeah
we've talked to a lot of European
diplomats recently and they say that
relationships with the United States are
probably at a low for as long as many of
them have been around certainly over
decades we can look back at that g7
summit in Canada recently and how
contentious that was about sort of the
fighting between Prime Minister Trudeau
and Trump afterwards over Twitter and on
television and demo pets are sort of
concerned that we could have a follow-up
to that at the NATO summit in Brussels
later this month if that's another one
that can continue to strain the US US
Europe relations particularly relation
to Germany presidents been criticizing
Angela Merkel a lot on Twitter and on
television about the crime weights crime
rates in Germany that minute a ship was
probably at a low point in the post-war
era
all right Nicholas Johnson live for us
in Washington DC thank you very much of
course you're gonna be reading axiom in
just a bit and to all of our viewers out
there you too can sign up for the
newsletter by simply going to sign up
Axios calm hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
