well the question remains tonight where
are the babies the President of the
United States ordered the arrest of
mothers in babies including infants in
the first months of life who are
breastfeeding and the president cannot
answer the question
where are the babies no one can answer
that question even senators United
States senators who have gone looking
for the babies can't find them Nevada's
junior senator Democrat Catherine Cortes
Masto was in Texas today looking for the
babies and the girls we see what they
want us to see so we don't know where
the girls are we've never seen any of
the babies of the young kids we've seen
the boys in one facility and it's
outrageous red flags go up everywhere
right that they're trying to hide
something or something is happening here
that they don't want the public to know
and I think that to me is is more
concerned than anything I've seen so far
senator Elizabeth Warren had a bit more
luck and it was just luck that she
managed to see some of the girls and
exactly one baby in McAllen Texas this
weekend it's a disturbing picture there
are children by themselves
I saw six-month-old baby
girls little boys they're all on
concrete floors in cages there's just a
letter waiting
they're big chain-link cages on cold
concrete floors metal blankets some
people working in these facilities are
trying to secretly deliver the message
of what is happening in them and the
video you are about to see was first
shown by Rachel in the last hour it is
reportedly from a facility providing
daytime care for some of these children
in New York City these are incarcerated
children they are not free to leave this
is not like your kid going to daycare
you dropping your kid off at daycare the
source of the video is reportedly
someone who worked in that facility who
then quit after making this recording
last week
Larkin to mama
Carrasco
see como te llamas
Jessica
- be nice instant to mama no mr. song
- hermano
Bormann cuantos anos gentlemen
yes hey Dad Carlo
you know my mom
Miguel
NOS estados my service and Cristo's
oh and did he
wonderful ultima vez que la comida
the eyes are the window of the soul and
if you could see those little girl's
eyes as we were able to before that
video was blurred you would see the
tears you would see the pain you would
see much more of who that little girl
really is that little girl jessica has
yet another voice that we have now heard
from inside the trump jails holding
children we heard another voice that has
been inside the Trump cages this weekend
when the Washington Post released the
tape of a phone call that a six-year-old
little girl in the United States was
allowed to make to her father in his
village in El Salvador where the phone
call was recorded it is a phone call we
should all listen to in its entirety and
you can do that at the Washington Post
website but here is the moment when she
asked her father who she has not seen
since they were separated at the
southern border when he was coming to
get her and up to this point their
conversation had a normal rhythm of
question and answer to each other but
then came a very painful and long
silence as her father tried to think of
the right thing to say to his daughter
when she asked that very simple question
when are you coming to get me daddy
get the one hat that no more the only
they have to fix the airplane that was
the best he could do then he quickly
changed the subject
this weekend the president who has
arrested over 3,000 children at the
southern border played golf at a trump
golf course as he does most weekends and
he did not spend one minute
looking for the babies not one minute
which is why my response to every one of
his inane tweets now that have nothing
to do with his job as president of the
United States is have you found the
babies yet joining us now from El Paso
Texas or joy Reid MSNBC national
correspondent and host of am joy
weekends on MSNBC and Cal Perry NBC News
and global news editor is also joining
us and Peter Shea is back with us he's
the president of the Center for human
rights and constitutional law enjoy a
you and Cal managed to get inside one of
these tent facilities that they have on
a military base down there today what
did you see
well I'm we took a tour there were 23
reporters in total we were walked
through this facility it's a it's a
military camp is that's sort of no
better way to describe it
there are various tents where the
children do very structured activities
we saw kids lining up to go in and use
the phone room they're allowed to make 2
10-minute phone calls a week that are
monitored very closely by a staff member
there's a showering tent there's a tent
like a mess tent it's all extremely
militaristic it looks like any sort of
military camp that you might see we were
able to see one sleeping tent Lawrence
for some of the boys which had five rows
of bunks on either side very neatly made
bunk beds with a blue blanket and a
pillow there was a little table when you
first walked in where I saw some
crossword puzzle books and some other
books one of the things that struck me
in Cal and I both talked about this with
each other afterwards that was really
striking
there were crayon drawings on the walls
of this
killer bunk children it's not clear who
drew them obviously somewhere in English
somewhere in Spanish there was one that
struck me that it was drawn in crayon
and in Spanish I said no Tomas don't be
afraid no say Oh Leto to vote two votes
which means we have heard your voice and
below it it's at Genesis 21 17 that's a
Bible verse that is about The Handmaid's
Tale it's about the story of the
Egyptian slave who was given to Abraham
and made to bear a child for him and his
barren wife that Bible verse was sitting
on one of the walls
there was another sign in English in
crayon on the wall that said if you work
hard good things will happen
like there were these signs on the walls
and it wasn't clear who drew them but
the last thing I'll say before I go back
to you is that what struck me just as a
as a mom as a parent we were allowed to
see the children we weren't allowed to
talk to them we could say hi we were
encouraged to smile at them we were told
that they were made nervous when other
when the delegation of you know when
members of Congress came through as
we're told to smile we could say hola we
can say Kate I would say you know como
esta la la comida how's the food and
that's it but talking to the boys were
thirteen to seventeen and some are
really small but you know thirteen to
seventeen age boys are a certain type of
kid right there are teenage boys they're
not very verbal necessarily some were a
little bit more willing to talk and to
smile back than others some looked
really distant and you you know what
that worker was able to do to talk to
little Jessica is what I wanted to do
just as a mom you wanted to ask them
questions how are you where is your mom
like where is the last time you saw her
it was very hard to resist asking those
questions but we didn't want to cut
short that you know have the tour cut
short Calipari I want to get your
observations of that of that visit
listen it felt like a Forward Operating
Base that you would see in Iraq without
the mortar fire or the exceptional
security around the outside although we
were told if these kids were to run from
the camp that they would be pursued I
thought like joy said you know all of
the things that you see in your own
house with your own kids are magnified
when you see these kids being walked
from tents labeled alpha-1 and alpha-2
and the dining facility is it's called a
defect
the orders of the day are given in a
schedule in a very militarized zone it's
all the things that you see in your own
kids you know at that age thirteen to
seventeen year old boys the completely
different sizes right they develop very
differently so you've got on a soccer
field kids that are that are completely
different different sizes from each
other I was struck by seeing the girls
we weren't able to go into the girls
tent but individually two girls came out
and again this this look of
shell-shocked this looked like they were
almost sort of no longer blinking and it
you just you just sort of looked at them
and thought what did they go through
walking here and now what are they going
through in this military facility i one
of the drawings that struck me was one
from this girl who said she walked all
the way from Honduras I think the other
thing that I was struck by is that I
think this is where this story is coming
I think the US government is
disappearing kids they're doing it in
the middle of the night and I think what
we're gonna see now is this
administration is going to see this
video that we just played out and
they're gonna move these kids to a
military base and they're gonna become
military detainees these children and
we're just gonna lose complete access
and we're gonna have to rely on
whistleblowers who know that now is the
time to be standing up and counted laws
yeah and Lauren I just said really
quickly that you know to amplify cows
point these kids had already been moved
these were not kids who were detained at
the border and then were brought to this
facility that was just stood up I mean
the soccer field was brand-new saw that
they had just laid it only has a 30-day
mandate it's supposed to shut down July
13 we didn't get a clear answer on where
those kids are gonna go after that but
these were kids who were already had
been scattered around the country at one
of these hundred facilities in 17
different states and when one of the
babies that you keep talking away or the
babies when a baby had to be moved in or
a toddler or a little kid and the
facility in the in the under the tent
was not appropriate for a little kid
they had to give up their bed and be
moved from wherever they were in the
country to that facility so one of the
things that was really confounding to me
is how we could have been told that they
know exactly the HHS knows where all the
kids are these were kids who have
already been moved at least once so
they're being moved around the country
and they wound up in that tent and kids
who have very few belongings but we were
told that they are so aware of the
situation of how they're being moved
around the country that some kids some
children are
even behind the very few belongings that
they have for the next children who's
going to come in into that camp enjoy I
just want to get I want to cover one
point there which may be semantic it
might be more than semantics and that is
what do we call these places some of the
places we look at we've been shown
pictures that are controlled by the
federal government and submitted
publicly by the federal government we
have no idea when they were taken we
don't even know what year they were
taken necessarily in some cases but
people are struggling with what to call
these places I've heard people call them
jails I have called them jails because
what I've seen has most resembled in my
experience jails temporary incarceration
they are all incarcerated in that they
are being held against their will and
they are not free to leave and they are
and that is true no matter where they
are in the course of this process I've
heard Jonathan alter called them Trump's
cages what should we be calling these
places when I hear detention
I remember high school when I was sent
to detention which meant I had to stay
and late that day before I was then free
to leave I don't think we found the
language for what we're looking at well
I mean I think American history gave us
the language which is internment camps I
mean these are military-style camps
they're not being run at the moment by
the military they're gonna become
literally military internment camps
apparently when the Pentagon opens these
two facilities one for entire families
and one for children but these what we
saw what cow and I walked into today was
a military-style camp but it's being run
by a non-profit by a company that either
bid or just was awarded a contract to
run this facility for the DHHS
department but with the Department of
Homeland Security literally next door so
two cows point if a kid were to try to
run they're gonna get away they're in
the middle of the desert there were
signs that said beware of rattlesnakes
and they would run right into the arms
of DHS they are it is internment some of
these kids had been there they we were
told the average 57 days why is it take
57 days to find their family and give
them back a Cal Perry quickly before he
got to squeeze in a break here with your
experience around the world what would
you call these facilities internment
camps are black sites I visited some of
those those sites in Baghdad where we
held
of the quote-unquote biggest terrorists
in Iraq and the the the the similarity
there is that you're putting someone
into a camp and you're not allowing them
to look outside but you're allowing
people to look inside and when we were
in that Emergency Operations trailer the
cameras pointed at all different
directions pointed at the kids watching
their every movement the way they were
walks from one tent to the other it
reminded me of a black site in Lawrence
all right we're gonna have to leave it
there and thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
