this is unjust it is unamerican
it is unbiblical it is inconsistent with
our American values in effect put in
cages and then sent to camps that's not
America the separation of families needs
to stop that's not the America this the
world knows and loves welcome back to am
joy today from Tornillo Texas one of the
epicenters of the family separation
crisis that has sparked outrage all over
the country really indeed all over the
world yet the idea that this is
unprecedented and not who we are as
Americans is unfortunately a bit of
revisionist history the truth is taking
children away from their parents by
government sanctioned or detaining them
in internment camps has happened in
America since its founding for centuries
the children of enslaved Americans
African and African American were taken
from their parents and sold off on the
auction block with their families
scattered at the whim of enslavers in
the late 19th century tens of thousands
of Native American children were taken
from their families and forced to attend
assimilation boarding schools during
World War Two japanese-americans were
ordered to live in isolated prison camps
including an estimated 30,000 children
joining me now is Jelani Cobb staff
writer for The New Yorker and Columbia
University professor
Jelani thank you so much for being here
I want to read to you a little bit of an
account of a guy named Henry bit of a
former enslaved person and this is from
an 18-49 narrative which was exhibited
at the Smithsonian's Museum of African
American history and culture this is
what it read this isn't the Washington
Post on May 31st the child was torn from
the arms of its mother
amid the most heart-rending shrieks from
the mother and child on the one hand and
the bitter oaths and cruel lashes from
the tyrants on the other
her mother was sold to the highest
bidder so clearly we have a history here
it is shocking to a lot of people that
we're repeating it but separating kids
is unfortunately not what American is it
well I mean I think there are a lot of
things that we've seen in the past two
years that people have referred to as
unamerican
and the only reason we can think of them
as unamerican is that we have been
reluctant to take a cold hard look at
what the history of the United States
actually is this is just simply the most
recent example and so these are things
we might wish were an American or these
are things that are contrary to the
version of America that we have sold and
dispensed to the world but there are
deep historical roots to these kinds of
actions and as a matter of fact you know
to show the kind of level of depravity
that was involved in the institution of
slavery it was common enough for people
to have had their children sold away
from them that at the end of the Civil
War when african-americans had gained
their freedom however tenuous that
freedom was one of the things that you
find again and again and again from
reports as these southern roads that are
congested with people who are wandering
from town to town state to state city to
city trying to find relatives who have
been sold away from them and so this is
very deep in American history and you
mentioned the example of the normal
schools with Native Americans who were
kind of force-fed a kind of cultural
assimilation and separated from their
families in order to expedite that
process even in the kind of more recent
administrative forms of child separation
was come out in the New York Times did a
study of this drivel report on this
football back is that there are racial
disparities and even instances which
open to taken out of homes because of
concerns about abuse or other issues and
that black children and white children
who are in the same circumstances black
children are far more likely to be taken
away from parents even for offenses that
might be comparatively minor and so
there is this long dynamic that we
should be clear about and the only way
that we can have any sense of hoping to
avoid the repetition of this is to be
clear about what has actually happened
in the past yeah and I'm gonna read or
another very quickly this is from the
forced assimilation of border schools
this is from NPRM a 2008 bill write a
patent Indian was sent to the Stuart
Indian School in Nevada he was just six
years old right remembers matrons day
evening him in kerosene and shaving his
head students at federal boarding
schools were forbidden to express their
culture everything from wearing long
hair to speaking even a single Indian
word right said he lost not only his
language but also his American Indian
name I remember coming home and my
grandma asked me to talk Indian to her
he said and I said grandma I don't
understand you she said then who are you
there are stories of japanese-american
children waited to turn 18 so they could
volunteer to fight for the US to prove
their family's loyalty despite not
wanting to be separated from their
parents you see she oh she moranga whose
family was interned at Granite and
Grenada Grenada
relocation Center in Colorado during the
US Army and was killed in Italy in one
last story and this is more recent
this is a child named Carlos whose name
was changed to Jameson we were just
talking about it in the last block by a
family called the Mosers he had been
with his adopted parents in Carthage
Missouri since the age of 11 months
the judge said his biological mother had
no rights to even see him according to
her lawyer
she was arrested on in an immigration
raid in 2007 at a chicken processing
plant his name was changed his culture
was changed he's gone what what can how
do we as Americans
Jelani who oppose this other than
Republicans who Flor ality unfortunately
are for it if you look at the polling
the vast majority of everyone else is
against it
how do people process this idea that
this should not be who we are with the
knowledge that we've been this way in
the past I mean this is only
understandable by the relative
parameters of humanity whose humanity
are we able to visibly recognize and
whose are we not and their examples
abundant examples of this even when we
talk to an example that I've given to
students in class about the Malay
massacre and the fact that there were
children killed and that there are very
many Americans who felt that the
soldiers who were court-martialed as a
result of that have been given the kind
of unjust treatment whereas we would
have it will be incomprehensible that
they could be any defense for anyone who
had killed an American child for any
circumstances under any and for any
reason under any circumstances and so it
is simply fundamentally this and I think
that the question is ask yourself
Republican what is your relationship to
your child what would you do to protect
that child how far would you go to make
sure that you reunited yourself with a
child with your offspring your progeny
your family and then ask yourself if you
can apply that same visceral sense of
protection and love to someone who
doesn't look like you and that's the
fundamental question
Jelani Cobb as usual distilling things
down to their essence in a brilliant way
thank you so much my friend I appreciate
you very much for being here today thank
you and love next more life
thank you more live coverage from
Tornillo Texas within moments from now a
rally is set to begin we're gonna bring
it to you live as it happens
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
