we're the only faithful people walk in
and put a foot in please would you like
to register other countries they say get
the hell out of here they do that they
have to do that we say you know they
want to hire now 5,000 more judges so
that a person puts the toe in the land
that we have to go to trial this is
crazy what we're doing
I don't want judges I want Border Patrol
I want ice good morning and welcome to a
special three-hour edition of am joy we
are live from Tornillo Texas where the
Trump administration has erected a tent
city near this intake center just along
the us-mexico border to house children
who migrated to the u.s. fleeing
violence in Central America only for
some of them to be taken from their
parents who accompanied them under
Donald Trump's zero-tolerance
immigration policy about an hour from
now hundreds of people are expected to
rally at the spot to demand that the
Trump administration give those kids
back to their moms and dads overnight
the Trump administration released a
statement saying they do know the
locations of all of the children in
federal custody and that they are
working to reunite them with their
families although a DHS official tells
NBC News separated parents were quickly
given the option to sign paperwork
leading to deportation meeting a large
percentage of kids in HHS custody may no
longer be in the US officials also
released new numbers claiming that as of
June 20th just over 2000 minors are
being held by the government as for this
facility there's a lot that we don't
know about it but according to
Democratic lawmakers who've been inside
nearly 300 minors are in there and at
least seven girls have arrived within
just the past 24 hours joining me now is
Kerry Kennedy president of Robert F
Kennedy Human Rights Julian Castro
former Secretary of Housing and Urban
Development in the former mayor of San
Antonio Texas and Maria Teresa Kumar
president and CEO of voto Latino which
organized today
rally thank you all for being here and
the right choice I'm gonna come to you
first so we're here in Tornillo where we
know that there are hundreds of children
inside of that facility that's in the
distance behind us we're literally right
we can see Mexico from here that's right
and this is normally an intake facility
for immigrants what do we know about the
legal status of those children inside
that facility I think right now they're
still trying to sort it out a lot of
them have been separated from their
families we know that but for viewers to
understand this tent city for these
children housing minors was literally
erected less than a week ago okay they
had 98 children when they first directed
so the fact that it was all of a sudden
increased to 300 in less than a week it
significant I was talking to some to a
lot of folks that basically do that do
legal representation for these children
they have not been able to be inside
that's very unusual usually when they
actually bring in minors they're allowed
to immediately have access to their
attorneys they have not and and the
reasoning behind it is that this
facility is actually able to expand to
4,000 beds there's a reason why it's in
the middle of the desert
but with a lot of vast opportunity to
for expansion yeah and the thinking is
is that what they're going to do is
they're gonna actually transform
transform it into a family detention
that is still prison and that's
indefinite detention is what they're
talking about and senator Castro they
would have to get a ruling overruling a
finding that you cannot indefinitely
detain children in order to get that
this is an unprecedented situation I
mean it's not a precedent in American
history to having tournment however
you're talking about detaining entire
families indefinitely in that facility
you know it really is a it is
unbelievable it's amazing that that the
President believes in the answer to this
atrocious policy that he put in place
that the fix to it is to indefinitely
cage families together you know many
folks have spoken about for instance the
2016 policy of the Obama administration
put in place to keep families together
yeah essentially to use ankle monitors
so
basically you would not keep them in
cages indefinitely
but you would allow them with ankle
monitors to be able to leave stay
together but then also have to check in
and that program is very successful so
the point is that there's a different
way that we can do this yeah we don't
have to either separate families or keep
them detained indefinitely and the
program that you're talking about it was
an Obama era pilot program that kept the
silent seeking migrant families together
the Trump administration cancelled it
ice claim that it canceled the program
because it was too expensive compared
with other monitoring methods and
because it did not remove enough it did
not remove enough asylum seekers from
the US I believe the cost was something
like 36 dollars a day per person like so
much money this yesterday was revealed
that this is costing four hundred
thousand dollars a day and it cost seven
hundred and seventy five dollars a night
per kid yeah it's so if you want to save
money and do it more smartly and working
mainly I think the Obama administration
showed toward the end of the
administration how you could do that
absolutely and Kerry Kenny you know what
we know about this Tornillo facility
it's meant to house teenagers aged 13 to
17 it currently houses nearly 300 minors
and as Maria Teresa said it has a
capacity to go up to 4,000 people one of
the things that's been the most
disturbing about the detention of these
children around the country is the lack
of access that lawmakers are not being
given access the human rights
organizations that want to get in and
see these kids are not getting full
access is there a way to change that
yeah well the way to change it is to go
back to the Obama era policy and that's
what we should do
we don't want internment camps in the
United States we want a country that's
based on love and justice and peace and
compassion towards those who suffer
that's what Americans are yearning for
and that's not that this is you know
yesterday we were in McAllen I went into
the courthouse I saw scores of people
asylum seekers who have a right to be in
this country
who had been turned away at the border
by border police who told them we don't
have enough people to to process you so
you have to go
through the Rio Grande to get into the
United States they risk their lives
almost drowning some of them drowned
they come across and there they're met
by scores and scores of people who
immediately arrest them put them into
shackles at their ankles at their hands
around their waist these huge bicycle
chains and bring them in and process
them like criminals like criminals for
what is essentially a traffic violation
Lisa this is a misdemeanor again yeah
and they're in these shackles the
humiliation the terror of these poor
people and then having their children
stripped from them and this is not just
a border issue this is an issue across
our country these kids have been taken
to 15 different states as far away as
New York and it's very very clear that
the federal government has no idea what
to do they threw together this policy
they don't know where the kids are they
don't know how to to match the parents
with the children and it's a disaster
and you know so couple things to unpack
there I'm secretary Castro I think a lot
of people are asking I'm just sort of
now going by the questions I'm getting
people that people are texting me and
tweeting me and asking number one why
scatter the children around the country
why send them what it does it I mean is
it a matter of making it harder them to
be found by the parents why why scatter
them well I mean it's a good question I
think that probably as Maria that I
saluted to it's probably a matter of
space right now and places to house
these kids but the other answer to that
I think is that this was a half-baked
measure it wasn't it was done in a
haphazard way incompetence is sort of
the standard operating procedure of this
administration and so if they were gonna
take this policy on and know they're
gonna have a surge of these minors to
house they could have done that in a
more orderly way and I'll say whether it
was Republican or Democrat in the past
usually when policies like this come
down the pipe it was done in a more
way whether it's this or the travel band
that we saw it's beginning of the
administration this is an administration
whose standard operating procedure is
chaos and incompetence and because of
that that I think that's part of the
reason that you see folks everywhere and
now a lack of effective ability to track
parents with children yeah well I mean
as our colleague Chris Hayes I said
there's a through line between the
competencies that goes through Porto
Rico that go to the Muslim band there's
a certain there is a certain through
line that one could the one could see
but the other thing Marissa is that what
care unity said is important these are
asylum seekers so this particular this
is a border intake facility behind us
normally OB processing people who are
coming and presenting themselves so
people who are presenting themself for
asylum are not lawbreakers they actually
have an international human rights case
to make and they're being told you can't
come in wear clothes right and then when
they go around and present themselves
and say no I am seeking asylum they're
not they're turning themselves in and
then getting arrested right and I think
that something that we should very be
very clear is that we in the United
States we helped craft this
international law we were one of the
folks that we're at the table we said
this is actually how you treat refugees
XYZ so we right now are actually going
against our own ethos against the own
laws that we actually create on the
international order and I do caution
Americans who think that this is okay
because right now we are studying a
standard for other countries to treat
their minorities and refugees in
incredibly abysmal conditions and we do
not want to set that off we have to have
a responsibility as a world leader to
continue that we are talking about our
values and there's a reason why
Americans regardless of party are
outraged because this is not who we are
this idea that you have 20 children in
cages without anyone able to suit them
because it's against federal law to have
to touch them and they can't know if you
tell they can die to each other is is
abysmal and it's cruel and it has and it
takes a high level of depravity to
actually come up with a policy like that
yeah and I can you just reiterate for us
what are the normal protocols the new
year you you work with a human rights
organization
for Refugees for people typically
presenting themselves for asylum in the
United States well you have a right to
asylum under international law Maria
Teresa was just saying that was crafted
by Lou hencken an American lawyer on
behalf of our country and so you if you
have a well-founded fear of persecution
based on race creed color national
origin or political belief which almost
all these people do you have a right to
get asylum in the United States and we
are denying not right and we're breaking
international law yeah but I wanted add
something else I think what I've heard
from people across the country is what
can I do
okay I want to get involved so we have
started in conjunction with civil rights
lawyers for civil rights here in the
valley and Lupe which is also an
organization started by a czar Chavez
something called break bread not
families and it's a fast that you do for
24 hours we're doing it over 24 days and
you you do the fast for 24 hours and
then you pass it along to someone else
yeah and you take the money you were
going to spend on food that day and send
it in to break bread not families and we
pass it along to people on the ground
making a difference leading these
families yeah and I'm happy that we're a
trace huh
and one it's coming or part of the
fastest yeah can we talk a little bit
about what's gonna happen today but well
after before we do that I want to
address one of the other issues that I'm
hearing a lot of people very worried
about and and I'll throw this out to
anyone who can address it the idea that
once parents are deported then they the
children are reclassified as
unaccompanied yeah and then the parents
claim to the child is questioned because
then they are perceived as having a band
in the child at least when the courts
look at their claim they said well you
abandon the child well the most recent
case that we heard of was literally a
family a mother
had to sue the federal government to get
her child back right she is she is she's
a refugee she does not have resources
and lucky luckily lawyers and better
angels came up and said we have to sue
how many parents are going to be able to
go through that process
we're actually be able to match someone
that can actually navigate through it so
that they can sue to get their child
back it's it's unfathomable that we are
so incompetent that we can actually
recognize just basic justice yeah and
when we made a mistake yeah can we talk
about what's gonna happen today what are
we gonna see today
yeah so we're gonna see a rally that we
expect hundreds of at least hundreds of
folks to come to to keep the pressure up
on the Trump administration people
coming from all over the country and
including of course here locally from
around El Paso with a number of speakers
and the message today really is that we
want these families reunited yeah the
only way that that's going to happen is
if we keep up the pressure the Trump
administration only reverse course sort
of because of the immense pressure that
they felt and the only way that they're
gonna actually implement a policy to
reunite these families is if we keep
that pressure off yeah and you know my
kudos to local Latino for really
organizing this over the last few days
but I have to say that we started this
as an idea on Sunday and it was because
we saw so many people so many Americans
again regardless of local stripes you
were angry and we said the only way that
we can actually bring attention to the
very person terming campus children you
should go there it's a far away hard to
get you out of her bus yeah and it's by
design so we encourage folks to visit
stop separation org
we've identified local groups here in El
Paso who desperately need resources so
that they can help the children yeah and
if you can go ahead and follow us a
little bit on Facebook and learn more
about what we're happening I have to say
that as we leon said we have people
coming from all stretches of the country
to be here to set off a week of action
and the idea behind it is that end
family detention it starts in Tornillo
but it ends in washington d-c nest next
Saturday June 30th because we recognize
that it has to be a March but more
importantly we know that what's
happening here has we have to bear
witness to it absolutely the only way
that we fix it is through members of
Congress in this administration and by
the way before we go you know if you can
see I don't know if II can get a wide
shot of it you know this is the border
that Mexico is right there you can see
Mountain Fair and as a former mayor of a
city here in in Texas just give people a
sense of scale because the the
perception that we're getting out of the
Trump administration is that there is
almost a mirage a constant torrent of
people flooding into the country
no torrent we don't see the other
misperception that he fans the flames of
is that somehow that these cities like
El Paso on the American side are run
over with crime el paso as congressman
Beth O'Rourke makes clear all the time
who represents this area is one of the
safest big cities in the United States
it's got about 650,000 folks and it
consistently ranks as one of the safest
big cities and it butts up against the
border basically yeah absolutely you
tell a little bit more about how people
can contact the human rights
organization that you're working with
yes so well I work with Robert up
Kennedy Human Rights but they should
really go to break bread non-families
org and sign up for the fast and get
others involved and that's really we
need a grassroots movement as we just
heard this administration vows to
pressure and we need to keep that
pressure on we want to do two things we
want to reunite those families but we
don't want to reunite them in internment
camps so President Trump said don't
worry we're gonna bring those families
back together but he didn't say we're
taking the four or five in six years
look your six-year-olds out of cages his
plan is to keep them in cages I think
it's supposed to be a hundred and
sixteen degrees here yeah in today I
just add and there it's to the K they're
the parents to the cages everybody
should be free then this the the Obama
program had ninety nine point six
percent of the time the the family
showed up for their hearings so it's a
program that works it's very inexpensive
this program is going to cost two
hundred and eighty thousand dollars per
child per year keep them in this desert
God let these people free has a way for
him to force Congress to give him twenty
five million dollars for a wall Mexico
he said
then I'm paid for uh Kerry Kennedy thank
you very much Lily on Castro thank you
very much Marissa tomorrow to be back
with me thank you very much sister
appreciate it and up next our own Jacob
Soboroff Joisey with more of his amazing
reporting his brilliant reporting on the
crisis of the poor stay with us
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
