these are the American citizens
permanently separated from their loved
ones the word permanently being the word
that you have to think about permanently
they're not separated for a day or two
days they are permanently separated
because they were killed by criminal
illegal aliens these are the families
the media ignores they don't talk about
him very unfair good morning and welcome
to am joy in a last-ditch attempt to
turn national attention away from the
more than 2,000 children separated from
their parents at the us-mexico border by
his administration Donald Trump did some
counter programming on Friday bringing
to the White House families whose
children have been killed allegedly by
undocumented immigrants playing on those
families tragic losses Trump attempted
to rebrand the family separation crisis
that his administration created by
seeming to suggest that migrants
entering the u.s. seeking asylum are
somehow synonymous with violent
criminals and that the only real family
separation is being caused by these
mythical violent Central American
migrants never mind the fact that
evidence suggests that immigration does
not increase crime rates in fact
immigrants are significantly less likely
to commit crimes or the fact that the
global outrage being directed at the
United States is not merely a public
relations debacle for the Trump
administration it's a humanitarian
crisis that he and his administration
created by seizing more than 2,000
children from their parents some of the
kids as young as a few months old ripped
out of the arms of their moms and dads
put on planes and scattered around the
country in an estimated 100 shelters in
17 states in some cases while their
parents are being deported without them
on Friday the same day that Trump
slammed the door on a legislative fix
with a casual tweet new reports emerged
that the Trump administration is making
plans to scale up migrant detention in a
major way forcing up to 100,000 people
into military camps according to a newly
leaked Navy memo first reported by Time
magazine
it's the latest indicator that we are
about to repeat one of the most shameful
episodes in modern American history a
point made on Friday by Democratic
Senator Richard Blumenthal of
Connecticut outside a temporary shelter
in Tornillo Texas
I think it's an internment site with
tents
it's a prison-like internment site
joining me now from Homestead Florida
one of the many sites were children
taken by the Trump administration have
been sent to is MSNBC correspondant
Mariana Atencio and Mariana you were in
a hearing in which some of the parents
who've been separated from the kids are
being adjudicated or having their pleas
heard can you please sort of describe to
us what you saw and I believe this was
in McAllen Jorge so I was in the federal
courthouse in McAllen before zero
tolerance before the the issue of the
separation of children was sort of
reversed with the Trump executive order
but I was actually in the federal court
and I saw hundreds of immigrants being
brought in with shackles it takes in
that federal court in McAllen about a
minute and a half per case these people
are told to just plead guilty so they
could be reunited with their children it
is just incredibly heartbreaking to see
because all of them again I mean they're
just told to plead guilty and move on to
the next and then begins the incredibly
difficult challenge of reuniting them
with their kids we know there are 17 or
so cases where their charges were just
dropped last Thursday federal public
defenders are incredibly confused and
after court hearings like the ones I
witnessed the process of reunification
is incredibly challenging because these
parents are asked for fingerprints they
are asked for background checks they are
asked for immigration status also for
legal guardians who want to take the
kids out of shelters like the one I'm
standing in front of so it isn't
credibly complicated and when you start
to talk about and think about the
children there are more than a thousand
in this shelter in Homestead Florida
where I'm standing now it is the second
largest facility housing migrant
children's in the country again it's
just heartbreaking to think more than a
thousand of them are in there and 70 of
them have been separating from separated
from their parents so the process in
court and the process of reunification
it is just very complicated and it's
something that is being figured out day
by day for these families and Mariana we
just did to go back to when parents are
in these hearings if they plead guilty
are they then given the location of
their child and some assurance that they
can get them back that is something
again that federal public defenders and
these parents are figuring out day by
day because of the reversal in the
policy it just happened in McAllen Texas
is ground zero for that but when when
you're in that courtroom and you see
these parents distraught faces they're
meeting their lawyers that very morning
they only get a couple of minutes with
them if at all and they're told very
little about about their children and
and where they are and they're told to
just plead guilty with the promise that
they will get to see them but with very
little assurances I was actually able to
speak to parents who were not prosecuted
but were separated from their children
for short periods of time and they tell
me that officials never really give them
any explanation as to why they're giving
the children when they'll be able to see
them again and the lack of legal
assistant for these families it's is
overwhelming so incredibly hard and with
with no assurances for them it is
devastating to see the faces of these
parents and again thinking about the
children more than a thousand in this
facility behind me who are here alone 70
of which are part of those 2000 children
that were separated from their parents
by this administration joy MSNBC's
Mariana Atencio and Mariana can I just
tell you your reporting has been stellar
thank you so much for staying on top of
this and allowing us to actually see
what is happening rather than just
hearing it from the administration
you've been doing excellent work please
stay on this for us we want to do a
thing
you thank you for your platform thank
you so much thank you thank you my
friend I appreciate it and joining me
now is dr. Tracy Gardner chief medical
officer at the Children's Village a
Youth Services facility outside New York
City that has received children who have
been separated from their parents also a
Mariana
Maria Elena incopy a executive director
of the National Immigration Law Center
and Democratic congresswoman Frederica
Wilson of Florida and congresswoman I
want to go to you first you and I have
been on TV talking about your advocacy
for bring back our girls this was about
the chibok girls in Nigeria who were
taken by Boko Haram and spirited away
and their families didn't see them in
some kids for years 300 plus girls it is
it is incredibly ironic to meet
congresswoman that you are back asking
where are the girls a very similar
question but it's about government about
our government look we're gonna show a
map here that shows the states with
shelters and sort of where these kids
have been spirited away to right so
that's a map showing they've been gone
all over the country as well it
including in Homestead Florida nearly 30
percent according to voxcom are the
unaccompanied minors who entered the
u.s. have been girls according to a
figure released by HHS but girls and
babies and toddlers haven't been shown
in the photos of shelters whose migrant
children are being kept and little has
been shared about where the girls are
sent after separated from their parents
you tweeted where are the girls
congresswoman as a member of Congress
have you been able to get an answer to
your question well I know that they're
girls here and at homestead enjoy on
Monday I was in Brownsville Texas at the
border looking for the girls and I did
go into a center and I actually saw
babies I saw little babies who had just
been born and their mothers were in
detention and the children are now US
Senate the citizens so I did see a few
girls but not a lot of them but I expect
to see many today because I will be
going to the homestead shelter and there
are hundreds of girls there but I really
became disturbed when Attorney General
and
bounced that it was not going to be
practical for girls to use gang violence
and domestic violence as a defense to
receive asylum so I knew it would be
very difficult for these girls so that's
why I'm searching all over this nation
for the centers that are housing the
girls and we know that girls have
particular issues and problems and
concerns that we have to be very mindful
of as a country so we've got to hold on
for the girls and congresswoman it is
stunning to me you know we saw Senator
Bill Nelson also denied access to these
facilities we've seen members of
Congress denied access to these
facilities in a federal this is a
federal regime that is taking place this
is the presidential administration
taking these children I am stunned I
have to say that as a member of Congress
then you don't have free and open access
to these facilities do you still not
have free and open access still don't
the only way I was able to gain entrance
into the Brownsville centers I went with
the Homeland Security Committee and
today we had to get special permission
to go in with our with Senator Nelson
and debbie Wasserman Schultz and other
members this afternoon and they're
telling us we need two weeks
notification before we can get in but
this is all president this is horrific
and this is what he has put upon the
American people what is happening to
these children joy is devastating
devastating and we have to keep fighting
I mean I did a Twitter storm that just
blew up Twitter on finding these girls
and making sure that he signed an
executive order to release these
children and to reunite them with their
parents I saw a little baby that I held
in my arms and this baby was so starved
for love he was just holding on to being
in a rocking chair it is unbelievable
America he has brought this country to
his knees and we must stop him and I'm
calling on the President and - Melania
she asked what can she do I'm a Miss
First Lady I think it would be so
wonderful if you had spearheaded this
whole effort to reunite parents with
their children
yeah we're depending on you indeed I
want to play and I want to get to money
Elena and copy a on this question
kristen welker our colleague here at NBC
attempted to ask the Department of
Homeland Security Secretary Kirsten
Nielsen where the toddlers where the
babies are and this was her answer take
a listen I don't know they I'm not
familiar with those particular images
you're saying that they are being well
cared for it's not that I don't know
where they are I'm saying that the vast
majority of children are held by Health
and Human Services Mari Elena how can
these parents find their kids if the
Secretary of Homeland Security doesn't
even know where they are
Joey this is so unconscionable secretary
nielsen should absolutely resign and we
should all be demanding that she
resigned she heads up a department that
is doing the job the dirty job of
torturing and traumatizing these
children as the congresswoman was just
talking about it is unacceptable that in
the United States a country that has
long held up our legal system as a
beacon and something that should be a
model for the world is now basically the
system of law and disorder it is chaos
created by this Trump administration
where you don't have the secretary who
doesn't know where these children are
where these girls are where all of them
are there's no accountability there's no
sense of responsibility that what they
are doing is unlawful immoral and
frankly just does not belong any child
does not belong in jail and so you know
what we're asking in this moment is that
you know after this executive order that
was
frankly just a political and theatrical
move to try to deflect the pressure that
the American people who said children
are off-limits we cannot allow this to
happen in this country that executive
order has actually created just more
chaos what we're seeing is a repeat of
what we experienced at the beginning of
this administration when they signed
hastily signed the executive order on
the travel ban on the Muslim ban
similarly when you have people drafting
executive orders that don't have the
expertise this is what we get chaos
disorder and frankly it flies in the
face of family values and a system that
should be orderly where parents should
be able to know exactly where their
children are should know what the
process is to be reunited with them and
that it should be done immediately and
instead we are looking at the president
possibly permanently separating these
families yeah chaos disorder and
lawsuits ten states for audience
according to NBC News have now sued over
the child separations the Washington
Solicitor General nor for sale said what
they're doing right now is
unconscionable there been lawsuits I
want to come to dr. Gardner because you
are dealing with these children directly
in Baltimore immigration agents have
sent dozens of children to Maryland many
of the children have come in with little
information one of the kids is 18 months
old several are too young to speak to
their new caregivers or help social
workers track down their relatives say
their babies they don't know their name
they can talk who would take them to
lawyers they're trying to figure out how
to put together asylum claims for
six-year-olds who don't know why they
fled their countries and probably
couldn't tell you their parents full
names the United Nations Human Rights
Commission has called detention of
Children punitive severely hamper their
development in some kids to me amounts
to torture according to these experts
children are being used as a deterrent
to regular migration which is
unacceptable what are these children
going through when you're dealing with
them the ones who are here in New York
right so although we don't have children
less than 12 years of age the reality of
it is is that they're all children yeah
so all children when you traumatize them
will have long term and short term
consequences and the truth is is that
we're so busy thinking about how we can
now
the information from the parents to
penalize them so that they can't come
back but we never thought to get the
information from the parents when we
separated them from their parents what
we're also hearing stories that children
are being told they can't hug their
siblings that the adults caring for them
can't hug them that essentially have to
not even touch anyone can you just
describe what how a child even attempts
to cope in a situation they've been
taking with their mom and dad they don't
they're not familiar with this friend
they've been flown across the country
they're alone I mean it must also be
traumatic obviously on the caregivers as
well can you just describe that
situation of seeing these kids so if you
are a baby who's who will not see your
parent the following day or the day
after even with even if the possibility
of reuniting with that parent comes back
again you will always think the parent
will not come back
right so the their traumatizing children
had a level that they cannot completely
comprehend and I think that when you're
so willing to separate children babies
right what level how far would you go
because if you can rip a child from a
baby with no thought process about what
will happen to that baby afterwards
they'll short term and long term what
else are you willing to commit can the
harm that's being done to these children
to their brain development to their
emotional development be undone I think
with a tremendous a lot of support and
resiliency but it's very individualized
and the truth is is that I have seen
this in my experiences that it is
long-term that they always bail out of
them have trust issues a lot of them
have medical medical issues they are at
risk this is not hyperbole they are at
risk of early death their risk of
diabetes hypertension heart disease they
are at risk of many medical problems and
mental health issues and suicides and
others that sometimes they don't even
remember what the trauma was they just
see and that is assuming they even get
their parents back because we don't know
and even get over their parents but
before we go I want to give one last
word to the councilman you're trying to
go in and see the girls in Homestead
today do you expect to get inside
congresswoman I expect to get inside and
I have 50 balloons red white and
balloons that I'm taking to lift their
spirits I know I'm going to get inside
even if I have to break in so I have
these 50 balloons that I'm taking to
lift their spirits and also to give them
a hug I've been hugging children and all
the detention centers they said you're
not supposed to touch them but I've been
hugging them and I want to just make a
point that these children are in a
different truck from their parents the
children are in HHS the parents are in
Homeland Security so these databases do
not even merge so there's no way for
them to know where the mother is in
regards to where the child is so that's
a serious problem yeah and in a normal
world there would be immediate
congressional hearings to deal with this
and there are not maybe dr. Tracy garner
Mari Elena incopy a representative
Frederica Wilson please keep us up to
date on what happens we hope that you
are able to get in and see those girls
today thank you all and coming up
America's slow or maybe not so slow walk
toward authoritarianism and can we stop
it
Masha Gessen joins the show next I cried
last night
but I heard those baby crying that's not
right it's not fair and it's not just
this is going on too long and it must
stop and it must stop now not tomorrow
but now is the time to do what is right
but it's fair and what is Jeff Lewis
tell me you're watching MSNBC
International
when the facts are hidden in the shadows
and every lead takes you further down a
winding trail but closer to the truth
that's when the stories you on earth can
shake the world tonight thanks to an NBC
News exclusive report this is exclusive
to us start with the story you helped to
break here
these are television and Twitter savvy
warriors these student activists
fighting for common-sense gun reforms I
think Donald Trump and the nra have met
their match am i watching too much TV a
lot of these members of Congress have
fired an ar-15 and they've heard the
loud sound of that weapon but most of
them haven't been on the receiving end
of that sound like these kids have I
think it's a much larger question that's
being put to the country through the
voices of these kids what type of
country do we want to live in it's a
divided country people ready to go
toe-to-toe on each and every issue look
I like a political fight as much as
anybody are we gonna get to some
decisions or just keep fighting
the floor was the biggest political
scandal in history before it went its
name to every other scandal for 40 years
it's just an office building the
Watergate what happened here changed
history because there were reporters who
never stopped asking questions for my
generation the questions were about WMDs
in Iraq and we learned again don't just
accept the official line now who knows
where the questions will take us but I
do know this I'm not gonna stop asking
you disagree with me ideologically you
talk about political correctness run
amok is this about human rights do not
go there does anyone want to challenge
me on that Morning Joe we faced on MSNBC
good evening Rachel good luck getting
through your show without 18,000 piece
of breaking news lucky you - I gotta be
sitting in for Chris tonight Wow ten
major stories break all at once all
either in the hour before you're on here
or while you're there great that means
you're amazing you know you said I need
somebody with six arms to juggle the
show and joy keeps those four it was in
reserve yeah
and we given this immigration mess and
it was made worse by all of the
different contradicting and the
contradicting laws that have been passed
their extremists open border Democrats
people are suffering because of the
Democrats they want us to take care of
bed space and resources and personnel
and take everybody and you know like
let's run the most luxurious hotel in
the world for everybody after repeatedly
saying Congress needed to solve the
immigration crisis Trump on Friday
ordered his typically compliant party to
delay dealing with the issue until after
the midterm elections while accusing
Democrats of concocting quote phony
stories of sadness and grief referring
to the actual heartbreaking stories of
children and parents torn apart at the
border by the Trump administration
Trump's tactic of blaming his opponents
for his policies along with his cabinets
claims that the Bible or some law they
cannot cite justify separating families
or what masha gessen of The New Yorker
describes as quote a technique of
deflection which renders victims and
critics powerless they have
depersonalized the violence she points
out that Trump certainly didn't invent
the technique which has been perfected
over the years by none other than the
man Trump seems to admire most Russia's
Vladimir Putin and joining me now is
Masha Gessen the author of the future
its history
Houck totalitarianism reclaimed russia
masha thank you so much thank you I
recommend everyone read this piece I'll
quote just a little bit of it you talk
about how violence works in the most
cruel and terrifying societies that the
victims of genocide ethnic cleansing
mass deportation mass incarceration
man-made famines and other disasters
that are intentionally visited on one
another are anonymous and here's a
little bit of a quote we have the
perpetrators portray their victims as a
mass the animals of trumps imagination
the enemies and criminals whose sessions
in Nielsen contrib when they talk about
asylum seekers but the administration is
telling the only victims or it's not
just the victims who are anonymous it's
also the perpetrators you explained so
you know when we listen to them talk
it's the weirdest thing Trump says it's
the Democrats yeah Jeff session says
it's the Bible the Bible made me do it
you know it's the law Kristen Nelson
weirdly says there's no policy it just
isn't happening it just disappear you it
right but she said it's happening but
there's no policy and it's like no one
is accountable right and it's not you
know it's new to Americans because we're
actually used to sort of personalized
power right we're all the bad and good
that comes with it but this sort of not
this is just happening there's a
nameless faceless bureaucracy that's
perpetrating this is actually something
it's a totalitarian technique yeah it's
it's the power of nobody you call it
rule by nobody and you talk about this
idea that Trump is sort of retrofitting
a sort of super bureaucracy that it's oh
it's just that faceless thing that's
doing it but how can he do that when he
makes politics so personal so if he's
hyper personalizing his rule then how
can he also create this faceless void
that's doing the bad things well it's a
very bizarre thing and it's like he's
retrofitting this this usually preceded
that the the rule of bureaucracy the
uncontrollable the tyranny of nobody is
usually something that precedes
something like Trump who then comes in
to wield power and it's like he's
retrofitting in Reverse he's doing it in
Reverse but the ultimate result is the
same
you know we're witnessing terror and no
one is accountable for it and no one is
taking responsibility for it does it
scare you that so many people I mean
there's a famous quote about Stephen
Miller in Vanity Fair where he said he
actually enjoys seeing these pictures at
the border one White House adviser says
he's a twisted guy the way he's raised
and picked on there's always been a way
he's gone about this
he's waffen-ss is the quote about
Stephen Miller that's the extreme of it
but you also see people in our Twitter
feeds and our social media feed people
on Fox News who also say this is fine
I'm fine with this is it bright and you
so many people see those pictures and
say I'm good with that it's absolutely
terrifying and I think that you know
even if we have now seen the worst of it
supposedly over with Trump's executive
order and and they will stop separating
children from from their families we
have seen the conversation shift so much
and we have seen our tolerance for
witnessing cruelty yeah grow so much
just in the course of a couple of weeks
you know we saw a Jeff Justin at the
sessions say we're going to do this to
terrify that that's
it was very clear that they're
perpetrating terror and they're doing it
intentionally yeah they want people to
be afraid but there is a part of their
base that it sees it as this is Trump
defending my team my group against those
people this is a process of portraying
in immigrants as a very dangerous enemy
animals who infest this country they're
a threat to us and now what has happened
is at the end of it we're going to be in
a conversation about how we supposedly
prevent this terrifying threat rather
than a conversation about whether we
should even be doing this whether there
is right that's how you know what how
much you were right we have to patrol
borders all of those should be open
questions rather than you know how tall
a wall do we build which is sort of
where we've landed yeah and so you can
we put up this and this is number three
for my overproduces is a map that shows
the United States was rated a full
democracy until 2015 and then dipped
into flawed democracy in 2016 to 27
quinces another one Trump came along he
announced it's a 21st place in the
ranking level with Italy which we know
is starting to have creeping fascism you
know return you're seeing Poland sort of
go in this direction you're saying
Viktor Orban and Hungary you're seeing
this sort of new axis of sort of against
I don't know if you want to call the
anti democracy don't know what you call
them but it's happening Madeleine
Albright has written a book about
fascism and you know there's a there's a
thread of hyperbole whenever we talk
about Trump if it's just you know you
don't know if it's politics is it too
much to call this fascism I don't think
it's too much I don't think we have
fascist rule in this country but what we
have is a fascist leader you know we
have a nativist nationalist leader who
is devoting all of his energy into
portraying a group of people as a super
dangerous enemy both sort of super
subhuman
animals right infestation and super
human at the same time because they're
so frightening yeah because if we don't
protect ourselves terrible things will
happen we don't know what kind of
catastrophe will befall us
that is fascism right whether we allow
fascism to take over this entire country
is an open question you know and and
none of us knows what's going to happen
but it is by no means hyperbole to call
Trump a fascist yeah it's scary but I
you know you and I were talked about
this in the break is that it is
frightening but
I think Americans have to start
confronting frightening things and
speaking in ways that were not used to
right and you know it's it's the oddest
thing because we've Rosie talked about
how fast it happens yeah but I'm always
thinking about how slowly it happens
yeah you know I somebody posted recently
the mock cover that the Boston Globe did
before Trump's election to try to scare
people that said deportations to begin
and we thought it would be so shocking
yeah just a year and a half ago yeah and
now we're in the middle of it and
definitely have long since begun and
worse than deportations yeah and and
soon internment camps Masha Gessen thank
you very much thank people having you
back we have to keep having this
conversation and coming up the alarming
reason why so many Americans are numb to
separating children even little kids
babies from their moms and dads that's
nice
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
