our nation focuses on the crisis at the
border pressure on president Trump's
former fixer has been mounting this week
we saw reports that Michael Cohen is
considering flipping and we learned he
wants the President to foot the bill for
his legal fees Cohen also quit the RNC
and openly criticized Trump's
immigration policy and now we're
learning new details about Trump's cozy
relationship with a National Enquirer
the Washington Post reporting the
tabloid sent stories about Trump to
Cohen for approval before they went to
print and then there was this photo
posted on Twitter Cohen
seen smiling with Trump's celebrity
enemy Tom Arnold who was working on a
new show focused on obtaining damaging
Trump tapes on her Arnold further fueled
speculation tonight that Cohen may be
working against his former boss I better
spend the weekend with Michael Cohen and
the president at a Donald Trump Ivanka
Trump I've spent the weekend hanging out
with Michael Cohen and there's a lot
going on did Michael Cohen tell you
specifically really just yes or no that
he is cooperating with the authorities
should charges be brought
did he tell you
do not want to answer the question no
you don't want to answer the question
right
Cohen then downplayed Arnold's claims on
Twitter tonight writing quote this was a
chance public encounter in the hotel
lobby where he asked for a selfie not
spending the weekend together did not
discuss being on his show nor did we
discuss POTUS hashtag done hashtag
ridiculous but just in this last hour on
this network Tom Arnold was back at it
discussing Cohen and his alleged
cooperation in an interview with
lawrence O'Donnell on the last word
Michael Cohen is it's cooperating on the
right side of this so right now so he's
in the right side does that include the
FBI in the blasts
so he's cooperating with them already
yes okay a hundred percent and how do
you know that he told you that he didn't
say those words but I know what were the
words aside how people are that's okay I
understand I'm with you you know that
Cohen is under federal investigation in
connection with $130,000 a payment of
hush money to a pornstar stormy Daniels
her attorney weighed in on this network
earlier today
perhaps this is a flare gun shot in the
air for Michael Cohen to you know a
message to mr. Trump or others that
there may be things coming down the pike
there is no doubt in my mind that
Michael Cohen is going to be indicted
and face some very very serious charges
there's no doubt in my mind that he's
going to try to trade or flip on this
here with us tonight Mimi Roca former
assistant US attorney for the Southern
District of New York now a distinguished
fellow in criminal justice at the Pace
University School of Law and an MSNBC
legal analyst and Josh Gerstein senior
White House reporter for Politico and
questions I didn't think I'd be asking
on a 11 o'clock news show on MSNBC a
couple years ago but let's talk about
Tom Arnold he's hinting at an awful lot
in the interview on this network earlier
tonight on on CNN we played clips
hinting in that clip we showed hinting
in other parts of that interview his
antics that we played seemed erratic the
incentive he has to hype interest in
this in this
special he's got coming out seems
obvious I am a layman legally I'm
curious watching that interview tonight
watching these interviews what did you
make of it look it's hard to know what
he he didn't actually come out and say
it right so even when he was asked is he
cooperating by Lawrence he said Arnold
said yet he's on the right side but then
when he asked about the exact words the
words were about I'm with you
Cohen saying to Arnold I'm with you
which doesn't say anything about what
he's doing sort of the government right
but but it but it doesn't answer the
question that Lawrence had asked which
is easy cooperating with the government
right so you know there there's a lot of
sort of it's good TV there's a lot of
different things that that Arnold has
said one thing I know for sure and this
is not the point of what he's saying but
I know for sure that Cohen's new lawyer
guy Petrillo and the prosecutors and the
FBI do not want Tom Arnold out there
doing what he's doing right now okay
because if Michael Cohen is headed in
the direction of cooperating with them
they don't want Tom Arnold talking about
what Cohen is also telling them out on
television and they don't want Cohen
then you know on Twitter saying no
that's not true an Arnold saying no what
you're saying isn't true you know it's
it's it's hurting it could potentially
hurt the credibility of what may be a
very important witness if you start
getting into this Twitter fest about
what someone did or didn't say and what
someone is or isn't doing cooperation is
meant to be a confidential process even
if someone isn't cooperating proactively
so I know at least you know Cohen's
attorney is probably counseling Cohen to
not do this especially given the
attorney that he now has guy Petrillo
former prosecutor I know him you know a
very honorable good lawyer
upstanding person well thought of well
respected he would not I don't think be
in favor of this so you know it's hard
to know what to make of Arnold saying
all of this I think all that said though
Cohen has a lot of incentive to
cooperate and so I don't think it's
beyond the realm at all that he is at
least headed in that direction
cooperation right now wouldn't mean
obviously that he's going in
tomorrow or anytime soon and pleading
guilty it may mean that he's already
possibly I don't know this started
talking you know with them informally or
formally or it may just mean that that's
where he's headed
you know that's the direction he's going
in and and that makes sense because now
remember the judge has now basically
adopted the special masters findings you
know which say that almost nothing is
privileged so all of that evidence that
was seized is coming in and so you know
against Cohen and so that evidence and
and you know we're just starting to hear
about more and more crimes that they're
obviously looking at and I'm sure there
was more to come so he's under a lot of
pressure to cooperate and Josh I mean
I'm just curious is he somebody who's
knows what you're talking about when it
comes to this story and watched what Tom
Arnold had to say where does your
interpretation fall on that scale of you
know kind of hyper or something erratic
on one side versus something real on the
other side how do you where's the
balance for you well I do think that
what Tom Arnold was saying in these
several interviews has to be taken with
more than a grain of salt probably with
at least a full tablespoon or more but
there is this element here where you do
get the sense that Michael Cohen is
sometimes trolling President Trump you
know that he could have taken the
opportunity not to have a selfie taken
with Arnold but he went ahead and did it
and then some of these comments and
interactions seems kind of playful it
does seem like there's a degree of
attention seeking with respect to the
president like there's some kind of
deep-seated psychological grievance or
neediness there whether that's part of a
legal strategy or some other kind of
psychological issue is hard to say the
last time I checked in with people close
to Cohen the word was that he was not
cooperating with federal prosecutors
that he was open to talking with him
about it but that those discussions had
not progressed to the point that anybody
could describe as actively cooperating
and I think there was one point in that
interview tonight when when Arnold said
something to the effect paraphrasing
here of you know hey I'm over selling
this this interaction with Cohen a
little bit but he's
under selling it he's very much under
said he cone is very much under selling
its I think Arnold had said something to
that effect at one point Josh though
related to the issue of Michael Cohen
then in the legal situation he finds
himself and there were also some court
filings are but there was a court filing
today that shed a little bit more light
on the documents the government now has
in his possession what can you tell us
about that yeah I think Mimi was
alluding to it just a moment ago but it
talked about the judge and the special
masters decision on how much information
is privileged here and what was
fascinating in this order that Judge
would put out was that even among the
relatively small universe of information
they decided was privileged the vast
majority of it seemed to have nothing to
do with either President Trump or the
Trump Organization or any other clients
like folks like Sean Hannity for example
the stuff that was deemed privileged
seems to be legal advice that Michael
Cohen was getting from other lawyers
about Michael Cohen's personal exposure
or other legal matters and very very
little of it has to do with any clients
so the total amount that's going to be
withheld from prosecutors that could
potentially be relevant to President
Trump is an infinitesimal fraction
probably on the order of a tenth of one
percent or a hundredth of one percent of
the material that's been processed so
far in many any sense on the timetable
in this all the speculation like you say
is about is there going to be some kind
of deal some kind of cooperation some
kind of flipping it does that just we
find out when we find out or is there
are there any clues that we can kind of
discern here when we get an answer to
that well we find out when they want us
to find out I mean even once he goes
down that road if he goes down the road
of cooperation we may not know it now
Michael Cohen is unusual because it
clearly does like the attention and
wants to talk they won't want him to
confirm to anyone if he is cooperating
they being the government and his lawyer
I'm sure would try to tell him not to
but I don't know if he can help himself
but you know the truth is a sign might
be I expect Michael Cohen to get charged
right now that this discovery process is
coming to an end one would think that
the next step would be him getting
charged if for some reason charges
aren't filed
that would be a sign to me that he that
there are discussions going out now it
doesn't have to be cooperation they
could be discussions about a plea
without cooperating right like he hired
a guy patrol oh you know hiring an alum
from the office is someone who can help
him navigate the office whether you go
down the cooperation road meaning giving
information in exchange for something
you know which you get from the
government it's called a 5k letter or
just negotiating a plea agreement that's
favorable to him so that he can you try
to spend less time in jail than he
otherwise would if he went to trial so
he has the same options available to him
that any defendant has once he's charged
and even if he's not charged you can
start that negotiation process so if if
those charges aren't filed relatively
soon that would be a sign that he's
trying to negotiate something again I
think we have to be careful about you
know assuming we know what that
something is yet
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
