rodent traps former personal lawyer and
so-called fixer Michael Cohen hasn't
been tweeting very much after the FBI
raided his home and office and hotel
rooms seizing mountains of evidence
reportedly including audio tapes of
Michael Cohen's phone calls but last
night Michael Cohen retweeted a tweet
from Tom Arnold showing the two of them
happily photographed together in New
York City and then today Michael Cohen
retweeted a second tweet by Tom Arnold
which says Michael Cohen didn't say me
and him were teaming up to take down
Donald Trump Michael has enough Trump on
his plate I'm the crazy person who said
me and Michael Cohen were teaming up
take it down
Trump of course I meant it Michael
doesn't get paid by Vice the hunt for
the Trump tapes Tom Arnold is the
laughing voice you're hearing beside me
right now he is getting paid by Vice
Land to do a series about what he calls
the Trump tapes in which Tom Arnold will
try to get his hands on and play for us
previously unheard tape of donald trump
from donald trump's TV show and a
variety of other possible sources
possibly including Michael Cohen's tapes
of donald trump and here is how vice
land is promoting Tom Arnold's series
saying quote unquote grab them by the
talking about sixteen-year-old girls in
their underwear here okay
spewing racial slurs on the set of
Celebrity Apprentice
don't worry Tom Arnold is on it and I'm
Tom Arnold and you're Tom are I am
tomorrow don't worry you're the guy
right there yes up you've been having
quite a day I have on Twitter and on
television yes and the story is moving
around you at very very high well it is
and I've tried to keep everybody happy
and no you can't do that I can't keep
anybody how do it for this time just try
to keep me that's what I'm gonna do
everyone else that's what we're gonna do
right that's all I care about and we
have a mutual friend
stuffy Walden you're in his documentary
syllabi any winnings nothing yeah so you
gotta say up to stuff watch the
documentary back to you okay so you've
been hanging around Michael Cohen a
little bit so you know what that means
yeah the FBI is now interested in you
yeah at some point you might be talking
to prosecutors okay so I would like you
to get let's say I have it uh well
that's gonna be right oh yeah gotta go
I'm sorry that's gonna be questionable
you know I want to get you a little
rehearsal on how to talk to them Oh
babies is the best way to but I intend
to see it in but go ahead best way to do
it is one-word answers yes or no oh
that's the best way that's true okay so
let me let me get my so question one yes
have you been talking to prosecutors yes
Wow
prosecutors usually don't say that after
the answer we're gonna come back to
these things okay question two do you
have tape of Donald Trump using the
n-word on the set of Celebrity
Apprentice no question three do you have
any Trump tapes that we haven't seen or
heard already yes okay we're coming back
to that mmm
will Michael Cohen's telephone tapes be
on your show yes yes okay we're gonna
come back to that because Michael Cohen
says no but we'll say okay well a
hundred I talked about let's get through
the series and then we'll go back and
we'll review some of the testimony why
why is Michael Cohen friend of Donald
Trump talking to Tom Arnold enemy of
Donald Trump
one word oh yeah that's that's a tricky
one we're okay
so go ahead you can do a sentence for
that it's not a one-word answer
surrender I like that that's a great
one-word answer that we're coming back
to that that's for sure
is Michael Cohen going to tell the truth
to the FBI and the prosecutors when they
questioned him yes why do you think are
gonna save this one because this last
thing is the last question I have for
you is about something insane that
happened in the last 24 hours yet and
you are a self-proclaimed crazy person
yeah so you're an authority yes on that
so I'm gonna save that a and a hint is
and you can think about this it's about
the first lady's jacket so I'm gonna I'm
saving that for the end okay cuz I need
a keeper got it you've got an authority
in reaction to that okay so Michael
Cohen has been watching you on TV and
you've said that you on TV you have said
you've spent some time with him and
you're gonna spend the whole weekend
with okay he then tweets so and he
doesn't Michael Cohen then tweets oh boy
I need the glasses for the tiny Michael
Cohen tweet because it's inside your
bigger tweet appreciate Tom aren't Tom
Arnold kind words about me as a great
father husband and friend that was a
chance he's referring to the photograph
that you tweeted that was a chance
public encounter in the hotel lobby
where he where he asked for a selfie by
the way that's the way it looked to me
when I saw it right then he goes on and
says not spending the weekend together
did not discuss being on his show nor
did we discuss POTUS so he's saying and
so that you responded to that
so you responded to Michaels saying so
you didn't like me on CNN either that
makes it unanimous
does that mean you didn't like yourself
once no Marius I don't but you tell them
to get some rest and you say I won't
trouble you anymore
last thing you need is my nonsense oh
and whatever you do do not watch this
show Lawrence stones let me see so turn
off the TV buddy so he's saying you're
not going to spend the weekend together
what's going that's bad
clarify spending the weekend together
yeah you are
yeah why would he say you're not well I
don't know you know it's been by before
that he said you need to make this clear
and there's been a lot of tweeting and a
lot of and I tried to make it clear
you're a great father you're you're
great you did I didn't say this I said
this and the truth is this would be
happening it wasn't for you his real
truth and I've tried to go okay well
this is what you this is I've tried to
have his back like every possible way so
the tweeted photograph was not just this
random encounter in the hotel lobby well
here's what if it was you're saying it
became something more after but the real
truth is it's probably I probably really
sold it anyway under soldiers it's way
under selling our relationship okay so
what's the accurate sell well the
accurate sell is that that I was sitting
with a journalist Brian Hyatt for the
Rolling Stone release Oh magazine and I
was he was talking about this whole
situation - how odd that I'm in the
middle of it and I have been there with
with Mike old co-ed before at Michael
Cote is actually Donald Trump actually
sued me and that a cease-and-desist why
did they sue you
they wanted me to be quiet about
somebody that was in Russia a 2013 with
him and so you dealt with Michael Cohen
in that capacity oh yeah yeah yeah as an
adversary yes yes and so and what is the
odds that I'm in the always in the
middle of this and I said that's my gogo
sitting in the street right there and he
said I don't believe you I said yeah I
jumped up and my recall came through the
door of the Regency and I just eyeballed
him and I said this is either this is
either gonna add well or bad okay and so
we head out and we had this conversation
and at a certain point and then of
course Brian hi it has to full
disclosure ago I'm a journalist I'm like
shut up
and then he seats it up for Michael and
so quiet all it takes is you're an
investigative journalist now yeah I
don't what I don't tell people that I
don't want to know but I'm copy that's
what pay the rules that's yes so we have
a long conversation Brian takes a
picture of us it's what's it a selfie ok
so just nice if I goes on it odd and
ended by Koko's you know we've met six
times I go yeah but by the way he's
staying there i I know he's staying
there he's living there let me ask you
this you do you believe that Michael
Cohen has tapes that are
about you yeah because she goes out yeah
yeah yep
yeah he does might blur my day biz but
yeah and is he gonna give you those for
your sh well I would like to get them
before the show airs but but I know that
they have been requested and I know that
because the president is evolved that
they have filed papers to hold on
they're going through them right now is
the process or checky they have that
whatever the process so when you say yes
to the question of will Michael coulomb
tapes be on your show your show doesn't
debut until September is it that you're
just hoping the tapes become public
through the legal process and therefore
they will be on Michael code is an
episode of our show I will tell you that
right now
we have filming an episode about Michael
Cole and but but he says he's not
cooperating with your show he is the
star of the episode of this show he
keeps Tweety and we have I I don't know
what to say yeah okay you an episode
that's about him that he doesn't
cooperate with there's a lot of video
you can do you know Lord said you know
this to be true sometimes people say
they're not cooperating but they're
fully cooperating with me and with the
the good guy he's you know I have a good
guy the good guys yes
which good does the good guys that are
they yes the real good guys he is a he
is cooperating with I bought the good
side of this whole thing you're on the
good side of this whole thing my show is
about pointing out to people like Mark
Burnett that have the all the apprentice
tapes you want to be on the right side
of this because this is going to go down
Donald Trump is is but you just had to
think whether the liar it is or it's
gonna go down I'd like to see the tapes
and Michael Cohen is it's cooperating on
the right side of this so right now so
in the right side does that include the
FBI in the blasts
so he's cooperating with them oh yes
okay a hundred percent and how do you
know that he told you that he didn't say
those words but I know what were the
words aside know people are indicate
that's okay I understand I'm with you
you know that yes yeah and you said
you've spoken to prosecutors well I have
but I hate the other side that's a hard
about about about not about anything in
your distant past oh yeah about about
michael como or this situation anything
involve a bag okay have you spoken to
prosecutors about anything that involves
Michael Cohen or Donald Trump or any of
any of that stuff let me ask you a
question if you had talked about Joe I
give me let me just say this there's a
unique situation that I have that that
has to do with how about Felix saner he
talked to prosecutors about him
close-up of close-up of this reaction to
this question have you talked to
prosecutors of the FBI about Felix
eighter i will tell you that they are
feeling seder is also cooperating he's
someone you know yeah and you know him
well
yeah well enough that he would tell you
what whether he's cooperating with
prosecutors okay we're gonna have to
squeeze on a break here okay can you hey
do you have someplace to be as Michael
Cohen waiting outside or Co he'll be
back at the it's like broker he's we're
girlfriend a boyfriend from high school
he's gonna sweet nowaday can you just
the way I miss my kids
Jackson kindergarten graduation to be
here I know what that you know is
missing out about his kids what about
Tom Arnold listen I love having you here
but I'm not sure I approve of you
missing that kindergarten well he'll get
he's going to get next year so say so so
just hang out through a tear commercial
I'm with you okay and I won't ask you
anymore nobody's watching this right
well it's it's actually kind of we get a
pretty big audience on Friday I know you
do that watch it every day and it's live
TV so he can't take any of I know we're
gonna be right back
Tom Arnold I hope we'll still be sitting
here and we're back with Tom Arnold
who's been having a very busy day on
Twitter on television and if you are to
be believed yes with Michael Cohen well
you know we have this relations Carrie's
owning you and it was free sweet he's
saying no I'm not hanging with he's a
sweet guy and you know after we had our
thing buddy abide and II went down to
the bar with him last night and the next
thing I know Eddie's wife Allison says
well we got there to fight so I would
the bar last night it's reachny to break
up the fight because I want to make sure
they all got to bed I'm the guy that's
got his back too and so that's who I am
and so you are staying in the same hotel
as me yeah that's that's what I kind of
figured when I saw that picture okay I
want to go back to one of the questions
we covered in the previous and that
question to which you said yes that
question was do you have any Trump tapes
that we haven't seen or heard already
you say that you do yeah you have those
yeah what are the sources of those tapes
well the sources that is so funny
but that's the thing you've got to
protect your sources you know that okay
I mean we have a person that said it do
you have any tape that is worse than
what we heard on the access video tape I
I think you know him literally on how I
started talking about bragging about
walking backstage to the best team in
the universe like contests the naked
women we've all heard that yeah I don't
know if there's out is to God I know
there's anything worse than that I mean
I've got producer from from The
Apprentice saying that he heard him say
the Edwards 17 times you know and the
other words say that the and Mark
Burnett owns all oh yeah yeah and when
to by the way when when the producers
telling you that that the truth is that
in that show Trump is wired most of the
time yeah almost all of its fill of our
days in the boardrooms set right have 15
cameras so they have a massive massive
right yes and and so the suspicion is
that Mark Burnett who owns those has
those in his custody he's shielded them
in a corporation down there I would but
the book the people believes like that
producer who's telling you that that
those seventeen uses of the n-word would
be on those tapes oh yeah yeah and I
don't exactly the year and I bet it's
not only that he sexually he said I want
it after you you're at the sexual
harassment was so bad that the producers
pulled him out four times and producers
pull him out like he would be well what
the hell are you little state law what
you're describing there is worse than
what we heard on the ice well thank you
right there because the right direct
so and that Mark Burnett has an
obligation so I've given you the
opportunity I went down to these offices
remember Neal's the MGM you know in
offices I absolutely do no I said I said
to him I need those tapes and he's like
nothing is worse than grab her by the
the P word can I say that but I grabbed
by the part and I go talk he goes Trump
Watson and you want him I'm not getting
it either plus my son was his ring where
is wedding so he told you that Donald
Trump wants yes the tapes and he has
lawyers Michael Cohen are trying to get
those tapes and and I want him to and he
what he was I'm not gonna give to either
of you mate that's how I do things and
at the time I was like okay well okay
that seems fair but now those tapes
might become public because there's a
law story already yeah a law suit hasn't
a lawsuit we're through discovery she
might be able to obtain for her client
some of those tips because it's a
Celebrity Apprentice contestant who's
suing yes and so that might be a source
with those tapes come out okay so the
you said when I asked you why is Michael
Cohen talking to you the kind of
brilliant one-word answer you gave was
surrender because you are a trump enemy
and here is a Trump friend talking to
you so does that mean that that Michael
Cohen is surrendering in your mind to
the inevitable that he's going to have
to tell the truth of what he knows about
Donald Trump well I like you and the
prosecutor well what he has left how
because Trump is at Trump Lincoln a bio
college who what that guy I don't even
know he worked a little bit for me he's
not my lawyer and then you know vodka
everybody's bad-mouthing up to the
president Mike is the biggest leaker hit
the White House I did so Michael Cohen
tell you that no okay if I say don't do
that what are the other FBI sources I
know I'll pay privately because I don't
want to be trouble but you know you
probably know that so but those how many
not bad stories are about Jared and her
like you think there be every day you
got to figure that so but Michael Cohen
he and his wife is smart and there's fun
they're like what do you have left we
don't have any money we know oh we have
the truth and we know everything he does
every every every
such a talented Trump he's looking now
he's handling that terrible thing at the
border he makes mistake after mistake
Puerto Rico he's incompetent so let's go
back Michael Cohen is in a very
expensive hotel he has the most
expensive has had the most expensive
lawyers in the world at hundreds of
thousands of dollars a week by some
estimates yeah so he's not working for
Veidt he wants to be make that clear
buddy flood show he has zero income
basically at this point in his life so
he is financially pressed to put it
mildly is that your impression or see he
cannot continue to pay hundreds of
thousands of dollars a week to lawyers
that is that your impression and talking
to and they're working out something I
answered his wife was it what is what
was it his wife who said to you what
else do we have we have the truth was it
yeah I mean that's what it is obvious
blizzard he knows who I am he allows a
picture to be taken know that I said boy
this is gonna keep Trump up knows what's
happening and he a reporter from NBC
calls him first
for calling me at seven thirty two
minutes after this and says are you
gonna be on top Arnold's show the hunt
for the Trump steaks that he said call
Tom and that's the fact that reporter
knows he has cheese so did he he didn't
say no some are olds crazy said call Tom
he said to you that he knew the
photograph would irritate the primitives
bread so he deliberately participate of
course seeing a photograph to irritate
the presence of course because he knows
that the president's an insane person it
crazy everything here to tell you that
he was disappointed the president
doesn't paying his legal bills no I mean
he did have to no no but you know he
first of all I want to do everything I
can to irritate the president I would
have taken the pic I was gentle about
that and I'm like oh my god we are doing
this this is odd by the way I've tweeted
at Michael Cohen at the president
constantly you know and we've also had
these legal stuff so to all of a sudden
make peace which felt good and then I'm
like hey dude let is let's go ahead to
head against this clown let me let me
get you the question you're uniquely
empowered to answer because it's about a
crazy thing and you said you're crazy
yeah yeah why do you think the first
lady wore a jacket on her trip to Texas
yesterday that says on the back end
gigantic letters I really don't care do
you
she is so out of touch with what is see
just you know she is a she genuinely is
Sutton wherever whatever bubble she's in
and she you know that woman is
traumatized you know she's in an abusive
relationship that she is traumatized and
I'm gonna give her that because that is
absolutely insane and and you know I I
wish that that that she had the capacity
that I have for her for those children
and for people and that her family had
it for those children and but it is sad
that they don't but the rest of America
does and you do it we were not going to
accept that because it's it's it's so
sad what's going on there Tom Arnold
gets the nights less work Tony Martin
thank you brother very much for joining
us thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
