patien can succeed that tolerates
violence or the threat of violence as a
method of political intimidation knock
the crap out of would you seriously just
knock the hell I promise you I will pay
for the legal fees those engaged in the
political arena must stop treating
political opponents as being morally
defective they become frankly too
dangerous to govern they've gone wacko
no one should carelessly compare
political opponents to historical
villains I've been out hearing the left
talking about all these things fascism
Nazism on the right and when you look at
the actual history of how these things
evolved and when you actually look at
that platform versus the platform of the
modern left you say wait a minute those
two are really heavily aligned there is
one way to settle our disagreements it's
called peacefully at the ballot box get
out now if you're going to vote Democrat
don't bother a little back and forth
there punctuated by the president urging
Americans not to vote we highlight these
things a lot Donald Trump's ridiculous
lies his performance art his utter lack
of knowledge his incitement of people's
worst instincts but today is different
this morning America is different why
because as Axius points out pipe bombs
sent two prominent Democrats were the
worst terror by mail campaign of the
post 9/11 era and a wired manifestation
of the nation's toxic politics why
because as foreign policy analyst David
Rothkopf says so clearly the most
extensive plot to kill senior US
government officials and prominent
Americans in history took place it
targeted two former presidents their
families cabinet officials members of
Congress and the Free Press the
objective apparently to snuff out the
leading spokespeople for the views of
the Democratic Party
it was an attack on reporters and on
democracy itself people will say you
can't blame the president for something
a twisted person would do that is true
the president didn't pack those mail
bombs he didn't grind up the shards of
glass intended to maim and kill but he
did something else he undermined
American values and dehumanized those
who dare to question his conduct he'd
end up a type of feverish hysteria based
on race and religion and political party
and it has the potential to lead to what
we saw happen yesterday and we don't
even know if it's over so before we dive
into discussion and analysis we want to
set up exactly what went down yesterday
it was a chaotic day yesterday former
President Barack Obama former Democratic
presidential nominee and Secretary of
State Hillary Clinton former attorney
General Eric Holder former CIA director
John Brennan at CNN congresswoman Maxine
Waters and billionaire philanthropist
George Soros targeted by bombs explosive
devices were sent in manila envelopes
with Democratic congresswoman debbie
Wasserman Schultz listed as a bogus
return address here is how it played out
a pipe bomb like the one found in the
mailbox of George Soros on Monday was
found Tuesday night near the New York
home of Bill and Hillary Clinton it was
discovered by screeners who were
reviewing mail sent to the former
Secretary of State then yesterday
morning a routine screening of President
Obama's mail turned up another explosive
device it was intercepted before
reaching his Washington home a device
also was addressed to former attorney
General Eric Holder that package
according to law enforcement officials
was incorrectly addressed and wound up
sent back to Wasserman Schultz's address
where it was then intercepted by the
Secret Service as we mentioned the
device address to Brennan and NBC
analysts was sent to CNN's Time Warner
building in the heart of New York City
it was discovered in the mailroom the
aftermath playing out live on television
these are no longer suspicious packages
the FBI is saying that they were
rudimentary
but functional that means they were
explosive devices and to have
projectiles and that's a excuse me that
sounds like a fire alarm here we'll keep
you posted on that but to have
projectile we're gonna jump in there's a
fire here we might heard in the
background we're gonna find out what the
latest is and good morning i'm renee
march in washington DC we are following
some developing breaking news we can
tell you at this hour the Time Warner
building in New York City has been
evacuated Jim and poppy Harlow who you
saw anchoring they had to evacuate the
studio so with a fire alarm going off in
the background the anchors continue
reporting on the story out on the street
until they could not any longer they
were forced out of the building the
anchors kept reporting on the street
outside the Time Warner Center New York
City Mayor Bill DeBlasio
addressing reporters early yesterday
afternoon what we saw here today was a
effort to terrorize as clearly is an act
of terror attempting to undermine our
Free Press and leaders of this country
through acts of violence I want to make
very clear that the people of New York
City will not be intimidated and it was
confirmed last night that a second
device addressed to congresswoman Maxine
Waters was found at a male facility in
Los Angeles earlier in the day a similar
device addressed to the congresswoman
was discovered at a Maryland male
facility three senior law enforcement
officials tell NBC News the devices were
made of PVC pipe and contained a timer
and powder from a pyrotechnic x-rays
also indicate the devices likely
contained shrapnel
shards of glass inside a senior law
enforcement official tells NBC News the
device addressed to John Brennan appears
to contain a parody image of an Isis
flag with the inscription get er done
taken from a meme that's been
circulating in right-wing corners from
the internet since 2014 the president
addressed yesterday's events briefly at
a
obviously scheduled event on opioids the
packages are being inspected by top
explosive experts and they major federal
investigation is now underway the full
weight of our government is being
deployed to conduct this investigation
and bring those responsible for these
despicable acts to justice we will spare
no resources or expense in this effort
and I just want to tell you that in
these times we have to unify we have to
come together and send one very clear
strong unmistakable message that acts or
threats of political violence of any
kind have no place in the United States
of America with us we have editor of
commentary magazine and columnist at the
New York Post John pidor 'its Republican
strategist Susan Dell / CEO national
affairs analyst for NBC News and MSNBC
and co-host and the executive producer
of show times the circus John Heilemann
and historian author MSNBC contributor
and Rogers professor of the presidency
at Vanderbilt University Jon Meacham
John we'll start with you context
parallels in history pull back to 20,000
feet what are we looking at here it's I
think the most widespread attempt on the
lives of high American officials sense
and it actually and may in fact exceed
the scope since the assassination plot
against Abraham Lincoln in 1865 it's the
potential for disaster what was enormous
the the scope of it is is fascinating
and I think that what it tells us is
that in every era of great political
strife in this country there has been
some manifestation of that strife in
terms of violence whether it's the an
attempt on Andrew Jackson's life in 1835
the painting of Charles Sumner in
Congress by a South Carolina congressman
over slavery in 1856 the the terrible
jostling xand protests against Adelaide
Stevenson and Lady Bird Johnson in the
months before the assassination of
President Kennedy the terrible
cataclysmic violence of 1968 so this is
a last not surprising and I think when
you step back one of the things we all
have to figure out is is the climate a
symptom or a cause of an attack like
this and make no mistake this was a
terrorist attack on the United States of
America of great scope we had the
weather it was a there was a foreign
national or domestic or a domestic this
was an act of terrorism an attempt to
assassinate a number of deullyeo
formerly duly elected American leaders
and so we have to figure out in moments
like this our greatest leaders have led
with a steadying hand and not an
incendiary one and that's the great
question so there we go to John Hammond
now in terms of the climate we also have
to look at the timing as we are days
away from these midterm elections and
you wonder study leadership something
Jon Meacham mentioned did Trump's rally
speech show that he understood the
gravity of the situation and how does
this impact the midterms well I don't
know about the latter question Miki I
don't know how it's gonna affect the
midterms I could have a lot it's a very
volatile situation out here I'm in
Georgia right now and I've been in
Georgia in Florida this week and all
over the country over the course of the
last few weeks and it's a very volatile
very divisive time in the country for
sure and and something like this given
it's not unprecedented nature as Jon
Meacham points out there are precedents
but given the fact that it is as extreme
as it is and given the environment which
is being dropped I think it'd be foolish
to try to predict what the political
consequences of it are I do think it's
obvious given the nature of it and given
the fact that for two years now myself
you others on this program and other
programs have been predicting with with
horror and in with dread I should say
that given the kind of toxic
environment in which we're in and given
the the fact that the president has seen
for two years not interested in trying
to detoxify the environment but rather
pour gasoline on the fire at every
opportunity we've all with dread
predicted that something like this would
happen and now it has happened it did
not actually succeed in its on its terms
but the thing we all feared something
like this that we predicted now it is at
our doorstep and so you looked at the
president last night he did not pour
gasoline further on the fire yesterday
but if you watched him in his prepared
remarks at the White House and then in
Israeli in Wisconsin you did not sense I
think someone who grasped the gravity of
it and certainly was not someone who was
taking extraordinary measures to try to
calm the waters it was someone who was
performing and what I thought was a way
again that didn't exacerbate the problem
but was I had a feel up of a perfunctory
feel to it rather than an attempt to
rise to the moment and provide a kind of
quelling of the of the kind of passions
that are creating this this kind of ugly
the ugly moment which we now reside you
know perfunctory is a great word for it
because after school shootings and after
other major events the president right
sizes a little bit do you get a sense
he's sticking to us a script Willie and
then he goes back to his regular games
yeah he toned down and didn't attack the
people he usually attacks I think we're
grading a sliding scale yeah that that's
a mute as a positive kind of it John put
arts let's let's state again we don't
know who did this the FBI will find out
the New York Police Department will find
out we don't know as we sit here this
morning who did this or why what we do
know is that the list of targets
President Obama the Clintons Eric Holder
John Brennan George Soros Maxine Waters
lines up with the list of people that
President Trump has laid out as
boogeyman and bogey women that's just a
fact that's true
we also are only 16 months removed from
a attempted mass political assassination
at a baseball game of Republican
Congressman Steve Scalise is here with
us only by the grace of God and because
there was a former field medic who was
serving in Congress who saved his life
what would you have liked to have heard
the president United States do last
night
to heal the country and to bring up all
these examples of how a rhetoric has
brought us to this point well I think
it's very clear that he should have he
should have deepened and made himself
more serious he tried to a little bit in
the in the White House talk yesterday
afternoon he defaulted to kind of joke
enos last night and I think the joke
enos is a key element here because I
think there's a bizarre naivete Trump
came in as a reality show guy talking
tough right talking you know doing this
beat them up all of that stuff and it's
a little like I hate to sort of talk
about the president like he's a toddler
or a four-year-old but but it's like
it's all fun and games until somebody
gets hurt so I doubt that he wishes to
provoke violence in the United States
that said he thinks all of this is a
game and presidents before him tie
themselves into knots trying not to use
words and say things and make phrases
that will be misunderstood not only by
their own people but across the world
right so they they get briefed by their
aides who say don't use this word don't
say that you know somebody in Turkey
will misunderstand you if you if you say
this there now the other thing and so
last night when he said when he made
that perfectly mild joke it's like
everybody should vote if you're a
Democrat don't vote but nonetheless it
it conveys this onion seriousness at a
serious moment that is his challenge in
the next two weeks particularly if god
forbid well bombs emerged which is if
he's gonna act like this is just a TV
show
then he will be complicit in what
follows for what games with any hope
Jonathan Susan that
he's not gonna change the way he is I
mean you started off the conversation
John which I thought was interesting
like I hoped he said but you didn't
really hope because you knew he wouldn't
he doesn't have it in him and what I am
particularly frustrated with right now
Republicans have been saying if we
support the president or afraid to speak
at him well at least his policies are
good I don't like the Twitter I don't
like the rhetoric but his policies are
good well this was a reflection of his
rhetoric and it is his policy it is a
reflection of his Rhea's correct and it
is also without question something that
this president has always seek to do
since he decided to run for office and
has how he's decided to lead and that is
to divide us and the more he seeks to
divide us and the more hate he creates
an anger he creates the more he creates
this environment that we see things that
we saw yesterday and hopefully will not
see again but this is you know the
president is not directly responsible
but it's time to call out and say the
president's words do matter
well this matter in Turkey they do
matter around the world and they matter
right here at home because they matter
because people listen to the President
of the United States I know it sounds
crazy but they look for leadership and
they find hate and that's the problem so
I mean I want to highlight what you just
said because what happened may not be
the president's doing but it is a
reflection of his rhetoric that's
important to note and note to
Republicans this is something you can't
let go by anymore
you can't our country is at risk we have
been attacked it's no longer okay to say
I don't like his tweets but it's no
longer okay to say I don't like his
bullying but it's no longer okay say
well I didn't really support that but
it's no longer okay to say nothing to
not answer questions to not speak out
when it is very clear that we have
dangerous rhetoric resonating from the
White House every day I will have a
really important call for Democrats
which is more my place coming up
I'm begging Republicans to man up step
up and do the right thing look at what
has happened yesterday do not turn away
and turn your back to it please don't
please don't here's more of President
Trump at his rally last night again kind
of making fun of the fact that for a
short period of time he's going to
behave himself the Democrats are for
higher taxes more regulation and more
top-down government control
and by the way do you see how nice some
behaving tonight this is like have you
ever seen this we're all behaving very
well and hopefully we can keep it that
way right we're gonna keep it that way
Leah's radical far left opponent is
Tammy Baldwin who wants a socialist
takeover of health care
you know I'm sorry trying to say that
very nicely I've tried it she normally
I'd scream they want a socialist
takeover now I said what's a socialist
takeover I'm trying to be nice right so
when the president was making fun of the
fact that he was behaving himself John
Kelly Sarah Sanders maybe general mattis
whoever was trying to contain this
president over the past 24 hours and get
him to say something quote unifying that
was him making fun of you that was him
laughing at the fact that for a short
period of time he's going to do what you
say but now he's going to make vicious
fun of it
in the face of a terrorist attack on our
democracy he's not listening to you he
doesn't listen to you
you need to do more and you need to do
it publicly and openly I don't know if
you all saw nikki Haley finally speaking
her mind the other day but she made it
very clear she doesn't support the way
this president speaks she made it very
clear that something is very wrong with
America right now and I would love to
hear from people inside the White House
right now that are trying their best but
as a president that flouts what they say
that laughs at what they say and that
doesn't really do anything that they
need him to do at America's time of need
he's making fun of all of us
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
