I want to end this week a very emotional
reporting with an important number we
want to remind you of how many children
have been affected by the Trump
administration's separation policy in
the past few weeks 2342 kids were
separated from their families between
May 5th and June 9th NBC News has
confirmed that 500 of those children
have been reunited with their families
so far but that means that right now
1842 kids are still separated from their
families one more time 1842 kids are
here on American soil and they have no
idea where their moms or dads are think
about that this weekend and let's do
something thanks for watching me
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
