hey I think you're back with us and you
were just sort of talking through what
you saw and I just want to turn it over
to you to fill us in yes this is a
facility that is for teenagers both
girls and boys which mean the ages of 13
and 17 they both are in the facility but
kept separate at all times so they do
not dine together they do not sleep in
the same dorm floors together they're
kept very separate this facility does
appear to be very orderly very
structured every child inside has a
badge around their neck that has a bar
code and when they enter and exit any
building on the premises whether that's
the dining hall or the school classrooms
or the recreation area as they are
scanned by personnel inside to know
exactly where every child is at every
time they are also given sort of
uniforms jeans and t-shirts so they're
all dressed alike and they all march in
orderly lines so it is a very organized
very structured facility there are more
than 1,100 children inside this facility
we're told 70 of them have been
separated from their parents at the
border the rest came across the border
unaccompanied now as in terms of
cleanliness and in terms of being
hospitable they certainly appear that
this is a clean and safe facility the
dorm rooms each room houses 12 of
children 12 children in one dorm room
that share one bathroom and that is
where they they sleep at night
one thing that is striking about going
into those dorm rooms is that there is
nothing on the walls there is nothing on
the floors there's nothing to identify
even that a child really lives there now
they say this is a temporary place so
technically they say the average stay
here is about 25 days before they are
able to find some type of foster parent
or reunite them with their their parents
or emigrate them somehow
to life here in the United States but as
in terms of the structure of this place
they are given six hours of education
every day we will walk through
classrooms where children were being
taught they're given recreation every
day three meals a day three snacks a day
and it does appear that you know that
that it is clean and that it is safe
I will say one thing that's sort of
distinctly different between this and
seeing the small children is that
because these children are teenagers you
see a certain awareness on their face
that they're there that they're not free
you know and as you walk through there
they're sort of looking at you and
assessing you from from a perspective of
you know looking at the outside so it is
different than seeing the young children
who perhaps don't have that
consciousness okay I have a bunch of
questions for you can you talk
specifically about what you just address
and specifically as it relates to girls
because up until now reporters have not
been in a facility that houses any of
the any of the girls that have been
separated from their parents or that
have crossed over
as unaccompanied minors can you
specifically talk about what you saw
with with these young women with these
girls these teens their facilities and
and I know it's always tough to
characterize morale or mood in a
quantifiable way but if you could share
some of your impressions I'd be grateful
sure we did see girls for for the first
time and many of them were wearing pink
t-shirts so you could see them moving
also in orderly Lions wearing their
badges across the inside of this campus
facility I think most of them appeared
to be pretty reserved perhaps a little
you know curious as to who we were and
what we were doing there we weren't
allowed to do explain it's a DHS explain
it to them did the officials that your
whip say we're bringing through
reporters no my understanding is that it
was not explained to them several of
them would wave at you and smile but you
know you weren't really supposed to have
direct contact so we did see several
groups of girls headed to class like I
said wearing pink t-shirts in an orderly
line we inside the school buildings
there were art you know there was art on
the walls and it did appear that they
had you know some type of art and crafts
program but but for the most part it is
a very structured day here inside this
facility for these two very quick
questions Kati sleeping facilities were
these teenagers or these kids sleeping
in cages or the dorms freestanding what
was that we asked very direct questions
about the fact that are we not seeing
chain-link fences by design are there
chain-link fences or any type of caged
facilities on this property and they
assured us there were none that at this
facility these children are old enough
to understand order and rules and that
they do not have any of those things
that we're seeing in previous videos in
Texas inside this facility and my last
question for you those seven you
mentioned and I think this is key here
seventy of the children of these minors
that you saw in this facility there are
housed in this facility where you are in
Florida have been separated from their
parents any guidance from DHS and I know
you asked the question on how these kids
will be reunited with their families did
you get any insight into that well at
this facility each child is assigned a
caseworker they meet with that
caseworker every week and they are
allowed two phone calls a week of ten
minutes in length each during that phone
call they can reach out to parents or
family members the caseworker obviously
is someone that is trying to figure out
their situation trying to find a next of
kin or someone to to take this child
they say that is as good as an answer as
they can give me I don't think there is
much plan beyond that is that that each
child does have a caseworker trying to
manage their case from inside this
facility thank you for checking out our
YouTube channel why don't you subscribe
it's really easy just click on that
button down there and for more news from
MSNBC click on any of these videos here
for the latest interviews and highlights
you can get more videos from MSNBC with
our newsletters head over to msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up
