we have breaking news tonight about
action taken by the Attorney General
today to try to implement the
president's so-called executive order
yesterday aimed at the treatment of
children arrested at our southern border
and incarcerated this news has not been
widely reported but this is about a
filing made by the federal government in
a California Court today this is the
filing here the president's executive
order remember turns almost entirely on
legal actions by the Justice Department
to modify the terms of the Flores case
the class-action lawsuit that has for
decades established the rules for the
treatment of children apprehended
episode and border the president's order
says quote to the Attorney General the
Attorney General shall promptly file a
request with the US District Court for
the Central District of California to
modify the settlement agreement in the
Flores settlement in a manner that would
permit the government to detain alien
families together throughout the
pendency of criminal proceedings for
improper entry last night on this
program
Peter Shea who is one of the lawyers
representing the children protected
under the Flores case told us that the
Justice Department had already told him
called him yesterday to tell them that
they might go into court today and do
this seeking this modification to the
Flores settlement and we can report now
that the Justice Department did exactly
that they rushed into federal court
today in Los Angeles with an emergency
request an ex parte request for the
saying asking the judge that first would
the judge in the case allow quote US
customs and immigration enforcement ice
to detain alien minors who have arrived
with their parent or legal guardian
together in ice family residential
facilities second the court should
exempt ice family residential facilities
from the agreements state licensure
requirement and joining us now is Peter
Shea the president of the Center for
Human Rights and constitutional law and
an attorney in this case and Peter Shea
they they called this an ex parte motion
which means they wanted the judge to
actually act on it before
even hearing your reply to it because
they say it's an emergency
will they get an action by the judge or
will you be able to reply to this in
some way I think it's very highly
unlikely that the federal court judge in
this case will issue any kind of
decision without giving us the lawyers
who represent the plaintiff class in
this case which is all detained minors
in the United States I think it's very
unlikely that the judge would rule on
the government's application without
giving us a reasonable opportunity to
respond to it and will you oppose the
two things they've requested one
dropping the requirement that the
Phillie the facilities be licensed by
the state have state licensing and
allowing the children to stay with their
families or parents for as long as their
parents are incarcerated yes absolutely
we will we will oppose both of those
requests the licensing is a critical
part of the floor settlement the
licensing ensures that staff at the
facility and that the policies and
procedures of these facilities comply
with well-established child welfare
standards for the safety and the
well-being of children held at those
facilities we will also of course oppose
their effort to modify the agreement so
that children could be held for as long
as criminal or immigration proceedings
or pending that would completely
undercut one of the foundations of the
settlement which is a presumption of
release for children unless of course
they are a flight risk or danger to
themselves or others so absolutely we
will oppose both of those requests and I
think it's highly unlikely that the
court will acquiesce in those requests
and the in general the court holds that
the children should be released within
20 days in general and that would mean
if the Trump administration is going to
allow children to stay with
their parents that the parents would
then be released within those 20 days
along with the child and that seems to
be the big stumbling block for the Trump
administration you know it's very young
clear what he is the stumbling block for
the Trump administration this appears to
be more of a publicity stunt in a bit
there was not a well-thought-out policy
that no plan for reuniting these
children with their with their parents
so it doesn't seem to be a strategy here
it's really issue from the hip feed
throw some red meat at his his base and
in this particular case the many people
throughout the country have responded
faith-based leaders others have
responded mayor's have responded with
outrage and I think the court will be
outraged at what they have done and
Pierce a the the the first lady reported
that that what she saw in the facility
today with fifty five teenagers seemed
very pleasant that kids seemed as though
they were doing very well you told us
last night that you have about a hundred
lawyers out there who are getting into
all of these facilities because you have
unique legal access to these facilities
as part of this class action suit you're
legally empowered to visit all of them
or any of them and what are they finding
now and what are they reporting to you
for they if you're not seeing the same
thing that the first lady seemed to be
seeing what they are finding are kids
who are highly distressed children with
suicidal ideation children who are
desperate to have no idea where their
parents are when where or how they'll
ever be
you've rien heighted with their parents
or see their parents again we see
children in in extreme distress and and
for no good reason for no particular
strategy that this administration really
has Peter che thank you very much for
joining us not on the same key story
really appreciate it thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for
or from the last word and the rest of
MSNBC
