we first met her a week ago today on the
front page of the New York Times in a
painfully stunning photograph by John
Moore a war correspondent who has seen
it all but says he had a tough time
emotionally that night photographing the
work of the Border Patrol in McAllen
Texas all we know is that she is a
two-year-old girl from Honduras who was
apprehended along with her mother at the
border we don't know her name many
reporters are working on that I'm sure
we will eventually know more about her
but no one has made us feel more of the
pain of what's happening at our southern
border than she has and now lifted from
John Moores photograph she is on the
cover of Time magazine she has taken her
place in history in a confrontation with
the President of the United States a
confrontation that she seems to have won
at least in as much as the president has
backed down but we don't know what's
happened to her so her victory might be
something she has won for other children
but not for herself she's not the first
child who has confronted America's
conscience on the southern border jenny
Lissette flores was born in 1970 in El
Salvador the same year that Melania
Trump was born in Slovenia than part of
Yugoslavia Jennie and Melania took
different paths to the United States
Melania Trump moved to New York in her
early 20s and may or may not have worked
illegally as a model when she first
arrived in New York City Melina Melania
Trump's husband promised two years ago
that she would have a news conference in
which she would explain all of the
details about her arrival in America and
her work history and presented documents
but Melania Trump never had that news
conference Jennie Flores traveled the
2600 miles from El Salvador to the
California border when she was 15 years
old
she was arrested for being in the United
States illegally when attorney Carlos
Holdren discovered these shocking
conditions that girl's like Jenny
Lisette Flores were being held in in
California he brought a lawsuit in
federal court in California and titled
Jenny Lisette Flores versus the Attorney
General of the United States attorney
Hogan working with the Center for Human
Rights and constitutional law himself
the grandson of a Mexican immigrant
brought the case as a class action suit
on behalf of every child held in custody
by the Immigration and Naturalization
Service anywhere in America it has
become the landmark case that has
established the rights of the children
and of the babies who are being held in
this country tonight the executive
ordered that the President signed
yesterday specifically cites the Flores
case and admits that the president is
not more powerful than Jenny Lisette
Flores whose case has established rules
that even Donald Trump now knows that he
cannot break we don't know what Donald
Trump would have done this week we don't
know what he would have tried to do next
to the children being held in custody if
Jenny Lisette Flores case was not
standing in his way or if this
two-year-old girl had not stood there
and told that border patrol agent and
the world in her own way exactly what
she thinks and feels about what the
United States government was doing to
her mother the first lady of the United
States went to the border today which
was a good thing but she did not
accomplish as much as that little girl
standing up to the first lady's husband
on the cover of Time magazine and she
did not accomplish as much as Jenny
Lissette Flores thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
