our top story tonight is Donald Trump's
unending humanitarian crisis over 2,000
children orphaned with no reprieve from
this executive order the Trump rushed
out under pressure and as you know if
you're watching the news our nation
continues to bear witness to what
happens when cruelty is deployed as
policy that's how these kids were
separated and then what happens when the
chief executive office is rife with what
can only be called incompetence because
the order that President Trump issued
yesterday exposes how deeply he and his
aides literally did not understand how
border enforcement works why family
unity has always been a goal even within
some of the very harshest border
policies now tonight Donald Trump and
congressional Republicans have very few
answers about how to fix these problems
that are still the top story in the
country that Donald Trump created now
most of these recently separated
children do remain alone but we are
starting to get stories of some of the
exception sources telling the intercept
that this video shows what may very well
be the first mother and child reunited
this is in Texas and since the Trump
administration started splitting up
families in May
that is of course one story worth seeing
that is one mother and one child but I
want to be clear for context that is the
exception among over 2,000 families
split apart by Trump's order some
children already transported thousands
of miles away from their border crossing
like the girls in this video brought to
New York City as we've been reporting
under the cover of night meanwhile
sources close to the first lady say she
has now come to visit the border because
she was horrified by what she saw on
television meaning what she saw her own
husband's policies were doing now Donald
Trump has lied about creating this
policy then he lied about saying that it
could not be fixed by executive order
which he then issued now Donald Trump
says he wants to undo the thing he
ordered he says he wants these families
together while his homeland security
secretary is saying instead of lying
about Trump's orders she wants to adopt
this more measured tone take a look well
we want to put them together we don't
want to have people we don't want to
have children separated from their
parents
why did you read the order so we're
implementing and that secretary Nelson
there is is talking to the public in the
press but she could be talking to
herself because the reporting suggests
this whole process was so incompetent
Lea run that DHHS and its experts were
also literally reading that draft order
and its last revisions yesterday to on
the same day it came out no time to
clarify the order apparently no time or
desire to develop a plan to reunite
these families because Trump was rushing
out of this mess as quickly and as
precipitously and in sought lessly as he
rushed into it for the administration's
critics as this week grinds on some of
these facts are a sign that Trump can be
moved that he will fold under enough
pressure and that may be something but
for everyone else around the nation
impacted by these policies these facts
are something else they are a sign that
the problems created by this policy are
far from over
they are just beginning I am joined by
New York Congressman Nydia Velazquez the
visiting immigrant children's separate
from their families this week on Monday
and Michelle Byrne a director of the
women's refugee commission who recently
met with some of the quote tender age
children held down there in McAllen
Texas thanks to both of you for joining
us congresswoman what is happening on
the hill where we're told Republicans
plan to vote they couldn't achieve and
what needs to happen in your view to
rectify what Donald Trump himself admits
sir this order was a bad plan well we
just the good legislation was defeated
defeated today tomorrow we're going to
be voting on the so-called
compromise bill compromise because it
was an agreement breach between the
freedom caucus and Paul Ryan that bill
will not become law and if it does it
will fail in the Senate so we're gonna
find ourselves tomorrow without a real
solution
for a big problem and to deal with the
crisis that had been created by Donald
Trump Michelle sorry go ahead
well I would say that Donald Trump's and
the administration's cruelty is rivaled
only by the incompetence of this
administration it was shown when the
President signed the executive order the
back on the Muslim ban when I went to
JFK it was total chaos people didn't
know the people on the ground
Costin and Border Patrol agents they
didn't know they didn't have any
guidelines when I went to San Diego and
we visited shelters and they bought the
custom and Border Patrol you saw also
that they didn't have guidelines how to
implement this policy and at the end
children and families are the ones
suffering it was heart-wrenching what I
saw not the America that I know by the
way I appreciate I appreciate your
points on that congresswoman and
Michelle building on that point we have
some factual video here of Jeff sessions
that really underscores I think with the
congresswoman is saying and what we've
been reporting that there may be always
some ideological differences on
immigration but the rank incompetence
the total lack of consistency the kind
of flip and even venal attitude about
the lives and the children's lives that
hang in the balance is really striking
here is Jeff Sessions contradicting
himself during a very short period of
time it hasn't been good and the
American people don't like the idea that
we're separating families we never
really intended to do that what we
intended to do was to make sure that
adults who bring children into the
country are charged with the crime
they've committed our policies that can
result in short-term separation of
families
is not unusual or unjustified and it's
really a very short period of time
Michell part of my job is to be as fair
as reasonably possible the fairest
reading of the of those two statements
from jeff sessions is that he is lying
very deliberately about the intent of
the policy which was to separate
families now he says that wasn't the
intent your response
look it's been very clear since the
beginning that the administration was
looking for ways to separate families as
a deterrent we heard from as far back as
March 2017 almost immediately after they
came into office secretary Kelly went on
television and said that they were
considering separating families as a
deterrent he very quickly retracted that
and said well they were just considering
it that maybe they wouldn't he then must
have gotten talking points saying don't
say we're trying to deter them so he
started framing it differently this has
been come up repeatedly throughout the
year until they finally came up with
this plan of prosecuting parents which
ultimately clearly was intended to
separate and to deter michelle brunei
thank you for your expertise congressman
Velazquez I know you have another piece
of business to get to so we had to let
you go I thank you both we turn now to
Jennifer Rubin a conservative writer for
The Washington Post opinion section in
Maya Wiley for council the mayor of New
York City who's worked on civil rights
Maya this is this is something that has
hit New York and hit a lot of other
places because these children if they're
orphaned by Trump government policy have
to go somewhere they have to live
somewhere we have to do something about
it your view on what should happen next
tonight well I think the United States
government has to do everything in its
power to reunite children with their
parents immediately we know that as
representative of Alaska says there
hasn't really been an infrastructure or
a plan to make that happen in in in New
York City we know we have almost 300
children some who've been brought in at
apparently very early hours of the
morning questions about what kind of
services and supports they need these
children need health care sir
in some instances they may need they
need educational support and frankly at
this point I would suggest that we need
to think seriously about trauma
counseling for these children but at the
end of the day we have to reunite
families period Jennifer Rubin
the Republicans in Congress finally
found something where they spoke with
one voice against Donald Trump although
it would it would be our error not note
that they found their voices late and
they found their voices after just about
everyone else take a look at the new
Time magazine cover that is making the
rounds online welcome to America a
Jennifer yeah exactly this is a shabby
episode in American history the worst I
think in terms of treatment of families
and treatment of people of a specific
ethnic background since the internment
of the Japanese in World War two there
was never a plan when they set out to do
this about how they were going to deal
with the children
what sort of facilities they would be in
what standards would have bed by what
kind of personnel would be assigned to
them what would be the method of
eventually reuniting them none of that
was worked out and likewise when Trump
pulled the plug as you correctly said re
went which he denied he was going to be
able to do there still is no plan for
that moreover if they reunite these
families then we're back to the
so-called Flores settlement which says
as of this moment that the children
cannot be held for more than 20 days
that's with or without a parent so what
is their solution to that the last I
heard they were going to challenge the
Flores settlement so that they can keep
these families indefinitely in
incarceration longer detention which is
the opposite of what that the the slice
of humanitarianism in that original
court decree is is in obviously the
other direction exactly and I want to be
clear about how this got started we
never locked up people who committed the
misdemeanor of attempting to enter the
United States without authorization
first of all these people probably do
have a right to enter under our
established rules of asylum but secondly
we never incarcerate these people it
would be
like we incarcerated everybody in
America for jaywalking and we said oh we
didn't mean to separate them from their
children and we have no plans to keep
them but oh well their parents are all
in jail so the kids have to be sent
somewhere else
totally unnecessarily totally
irresponsible and we do have systems in
place for tracking these people so they
will return for their hearings these
processes work very well
listen if Paul Manafort could be out of
jail with an ankle bracelet for some
people period of time these people don't
need to be incarcerated either its
affair not a news connection I was
expecting to make but a fair one and
this question of both of you to Jennifer
first I mean you you just raised the
specter of internment we had an expert
on earlier this week who talked about
that terrible part of American history
which I should mention by the way was
deemed quote unquote
lawful at the time the fact that
something might technically be upheld by
the courts doesn't give much moral or
ethical focus to whether it's the policy
we want to have as a nation now some
Jennifer might say to you well wait a
minute wasn't that a military thing
isn't that different and then we would
have to quote the facts report it in
your paper and elsewhere it's a actually
Donald Trump's Pentagon asked for 20,000
spaces for migrant children on yes
military bases notifying lawmakers that
HHS wants to know whether beds could be
provided for these children at military
installations for occupancy as soon as
July that's next month and as late as
December 2018 Jennifer yeah I also want
to make a point in both the case of the
internment of the Japanese and here
there was a phony public safety issue
that was kicked up in order to panic
people you first dehumanized people you
then terrify the rest of the population
so it's easier around these people up
and get people not to care in the case
of the Japanese the vast majority of
them as we know we're either native born
or naturalized this and the vast
majority of these people are people
running for their lives and under the
process that we go through there is a
process for them to seek refuge in the
United
these are not the m13 people that Trump
keeps talking about you'd have to be a
really determined m13 person to go
across the desert for days or weeks
without food and water in order to get
into the United States to join again
that's just purpose he has conflated
criminals with refugees he's conflated
dreamers with people who have other
designs on the United States terrorists
and the like this is madness its moral
madness and the responsible lawmaker of
which we have none on the Republican
side right now would say wait a second
these people that were talking about
these families these children are no
threat to the American people we need to
figure out a way to process them
promptly in a humane fashion we can find
housing for them together as family in
more appropriate settings and we then
have to process these people through the
system and guess what if we don't have a
system in place for holding these people
we have no business holding them that's
our more obligation as soon as we take
them in and say wait wait wait our legal
system doesn't allow you to stay here
automatically the burden shifts to us
morally from a humanitarian standpoint
to make sure that they are in decent
condition and if they're not we should
be releasing them Maya well first of all
we have a long history in this country
before Japanese internment of ripping
children from parents of color from
African slaves to Native Americans for
whom we actually ripped two children
from their parents as well so
unfortunately we have a long history in
this country but very much driven on
stereotypes about who are humanized
parents and I think that's a really
important point to remember it we should
also remember it has actually been found
unconstitutional since Japanese
internment one of the things I think is
the biggest ironies here Donald Trump
this morning said wrongly and it was a
lie that the Democrats actually are more
interested in protecting immigrants than
American citizens and that's a lie for
two reasons one he has actually spent
and is the
that we spend much more money creating a
border wall or actually incarcerated
families for literally a crime that's
similar to jaywalking at the same time
that he's actually proposed a budget
that would ensure that 44 million
Americans who are going hungry every day
have less money available in food stamp
programs to feed them that ensure that
it's harder for them to see a doctor
when they're sick we've even talked
about getting rural economic development
programs that go straight to the needs
of his own constituency and I would
argue is a really important program so
really what we have is is leadership
that has ignored both the research and
the policies we know to work right to
solve our problems and then in covering
up his own mistakes and frankly his own
driving of racial divisions ignored us
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
