I did Donald Trump partly fold on his
border policy this week that's a big
question kicking around and it probably
wasn't about a future election or
elected officials meeting with him it
wasn't about his tormenters on other
stories like michael avenatti or Bob
Muller it was largely because of this
human impact what we know Trump's orders
did were exposed journalists and
citizens of course documenting children
suffering there was the audio leaking of
children crying the world seeing and
hearing it also there were legislators
who didn't stay in Washington they went
out to confront the secrecy at these
detention centers Plus this video from
far beyond the border like children
being brought to a foster agency in the
middle of the night in New York where
now the mayor says the Trump
administration got busted and was trying
to operate in secret what is happening
here how is it possible that none of us
knew there were 239 kids right here in
our own City how is the federal
government holding back that information
for the people of this city the
administration also hiding the
whereabouts of one of the children who
has become the face of this policy you
see her there you've probably seen the
photo on the cover of the new time now
journalists have been pressing this
administration about where she is and
they've been getting stonewalled now
some policies are hotly debated even
when people know all the facts this
isn't one of them
when people see what Trump's order does
the pictures and the harm and the facts
we know most people oppose it so the
good news may be that getting the facts
out can help the bad news is this
administration continues to deploy
secrecy and lies to keep hiding this
policy from the public I'm joined now by
Melissa mark-viverito a senior adviser
the Latino victory fund and a former
Speaker of New York City Council she
came back from the border when she was
organizing protests outside one of these
camps also joining me MSNBC contributor
Sam cedar Sam as a student of politics
in the media side of this your view of
why a Trump approach that clearly worked
sometimes during the campaign and may
have worked on other issues
the combination of blatant and repent
of lying plus abusing power to create
secrecy around that which is
embarrassing why did that fail here well
I mean I think it was just because
people were incredibly persistent about
it but this I mean this type of lying is
I think it's pretty unique
I mean we've seen instances where the
government lies and ostensibly it's
because of national security reasons and
maybe those claims are dubious or
they're not do be as they're judged on
those on those merits but in this
instance this is I mean this is I think
pretty unprecedented where you have an
agency lying to airlines and telling
them that they're bringing on soccer
teams and you have kids snuck around it
in the middle of the night I mean this
is this is really disturbing stuff I
mean I realize it's you know it's second
or third order when we're talking about
the the harm that's actually being done
to these children but when you start to
look at the questions of
authoritarianism and sort of fascistic
mechanisms it's this stuff that is I
think really really disturbing where an
agency feels like they they can
unilaterally lie to the civilians for
for no justifiable reason other than
they just don't want the the citizenry
to know what they're doing Melissa speak
to that point both some of the
organizing you've been involved with and
also say I'm noting that the airlines
and other entities which we don't think
of as leaving any kind of radical civil
rights efforts per se have stepped up
relatively quickly based on what based
on the fact that the public the public
was informed about what was happening
well let me let me just say one thing
very clearly these children are our
disappeared they're desaparecidos
they're they're you know it would to
their families we don't know where they
are they're traumatized as the prior
guests had said now they're here in New
York City and across other states and
we've got to figure out ways that we can
lend support and and make sure that
these kids get the proper attention I
would hope and I thought could be vetted
quickly enough I would like to house one
of these children and I think we need
compassionate people that are gonna be
able to embrace these children and do
everything that they can to help them be
reunited with their with their families
but it is the persistence and the
perseverance of those who are appalled
by us losing
democracy and that I hear you on all of
that I think those are very important
points what about the what about the
topic at hand no the issue of the
secrecy well that's what I do is about
exposure and about being up appalled at
what is happening and that people are
digging you have reporters what happened
here in New York where you had reporters
that were digging and we're trying to
find out the information on their own
and we're able to expose it and the
people that are out there at rallies at
JFK that I've been doing candlelight
vigils in front of the organization that
is trying to get these children paired
up with custodians or extended family
that level of kind of accountability
that is coming from the people there
saying that we are not gonna allow you
to try to do this in the dark of night
and that you're not gonna we're not
gonna allow you to separate these
families that level of accountability
cannot waver and cannot wane with the
signing of this so-called executive
order which really isn't doing much to
change the policy so we cannot waver in
that resistance because that is to some
extent what is keeping things in check
right now and that is all we have at
this point it seems because Congress is
not doing what it needs to do and this
administration keeps blurring the line
and seeing how much further along they
can take to really appeal to that native
his base and that's really just
something we cannot allow to continue to
happen and Sam there are reports that
some Trump loyalists say oh well the
materials are faked even the even the
pictures that were supplied by the Trump
administration and yet that fake news
style rebuttal not working as well
either here yeah absolutely I mean I
think Jeff Sessions was on CBN Christian
Broadcasting Network today claiming that
they never intended to separate the
children from the parents which of
course is a total lie he's literally on
record almost chuckling as he's talking
about this as a deterrent so they
clearly got a lot of pushback and I
think you know the the the pressure went
from the citizenry to Republican
lawmakers and I think when Republican
lawmakers started saying like hey we're
getting crushed here you've got to save
us that's when we saw this reversal but
it just won also say in terms of the
resistance you know when people make
when people
it's one of those situations where it's
like if you see something say something
you know the smallest type of pushback
can metastasize in a positive way I
should say and you get things like the
airlines being sensitive to this like
you say they're not these are not
radical organizations they're Airlines
but as employees say like I have a
problem with this that small interaction
can can agregate and you start to see
these things break apart and I think
this is a very important thing for for
the citizenry to really pick up on hey
I'm already melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our youtube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
