what can Congress do what can you as a
lawmaker do to ensure that these
children are reunited with their
families the administration says that's
their ultimate goal what action can you
personally take do you think that's a
good question I really don't know I mean
how am I where any member of Congress
supposed to know what child was bust or
put on an airplane to Michigan or New
York and where are their parents in the
system that's the problem with the
policy in the first place and that's why
I think that there's a lot of outrage on
both sides of the aisle is because
there's a certain element of
helplessness here for us to be able to
do that reunification so I don't have a
good answer for your question Holly I
wish I actually I wish I did because if
I did have an answer we would be able to
propose that policy is that troubling to
you very much which is why this
shouldn't been done in the first place
we've been showing we showed earlier in
the show some pictures that the
government has released of girls being
held one of the biggest questions has
also been where the girls were the
youngest of these migrant kids the
toddlers the administration has not
allowed reporters into those facilities
housing those girls and toddlers why is
that do you think the administration is
hiding something I don't know if it's
that I don't there has to be some reason
that hasn't been proffered yet as to why
that is whether it's a good reason or
not is a separate question but I've seen
you know the question where are the
girls where are the babies I just I just
don't have an answer to that we do not
have the kinds of answers here that we
are all entitled to as Americans and as
member of Congress members of Congress
particularly when the administration has
said that this is Congress's problem so
if it's our problem we should have
answers to these questions a couple more
quick ones for you as we talk about
what's gonna happen here where you're
standing over on the hill which is the
house voting on some of these
immigration bills Goodlatte bill and
then the more considered the so-called
compromise bill later on in the day you
were not very confident within the last
24 hours that this immigration bill the
moderate one was going to pass did the
president's tweet change your mind or no
are you still a mystic no the tweet
undermined I think any ability to get
those sitting on the fence or a little
uneasy about voting for the compromise
bill number one and the freedom caucus
nickel and dimed during negotiation and
treated every single change or every
single nickel that they needed to change
for
as though it was worth a million dollars
and then you see the chairman of the
freedom caucus on the on the House floor
being outraged I think the speaker
candidly comported himself with a great
degree of measure there and so I think
this is gonna blow up I think the bill
is going to go down and we may very well
start with the new discharge petition
with a bill that we think that will run
right down the middle of the playing
field which is what we tried to do all
along but we're just going to do it
again and we're not gonna pretend that
somehow the freedom caucus is able to
negotiate with us thank you for checking
out our youtube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
