President Trump he signed an executive
order to essentially halt the separation
of families at the border that is good
news but what happens to the more than
2,000 kids that have already been ripped
from their parents according to the New
York Times hundreds of those separated
children are now coming to New York
right here in waves I want to bring in
Anthony Enriquez he's the director of
the unaccompanied minors program for the
Catholic Charities community services
Anthony I was on a plane yesterday and
there were a number of unaccompanied
minors with a chaperone help me
understand where do they go and now that
the zero tolerance policy is is over how
do they get reconnected I looked at
these kids and I thought how are they
ever going to find their mothers again
Thank You Stephanie for the opportunity
to help explain what happens when a
child is encountered on the southern
border within 72 hours if that child is
unaccompanied or if that child has been
rendered unaccompanied been separated by
their family from their families by the
government they are then placed with a
humanitarian shelter here in the United
States there are about a hundred of them
across 14 different states and once
they're at that shelter lawyers from my
team lawyers from other nonprofit
organizations around the country then
visit these children in the shelter's we
meet with them individually we make sure
that they're okay we try and see what is
it that you need right now what is your
most pressing need they're all telling
us where's my mom where's my dad can you
help me find where they might be for
these children what we're doing is we're
working with the shelter system to track
them down because there is no system the
federal government has no plan to
reunite these children they never
bothered to make that plan so what we're
doing is connecting either with a parent
who is in the home country who might be
able to tell us perhaps they received a
call from the separated father who was
arrested and sent to a federal Marshall
custody or sent to an immigration
detention center and piecing together
those clues on a case by case basis to
tell to try and figure out where are
these parents we've been successful in
some of these cases and and we will be
successful but it's going to take time
but Anthony you're part of a non-profit
if you don't have support and donations
this won't happen I just want you to
explain to me again there is no
government
says put in place for these kids to
reconnect with their parents I don't
understand that's right this this plan
this zero tolerance policy it was
happening from one day to the next and
in fact separations have been occurring
well before the zero tolerance policy
they just are now occurring on a massive
scale and so as you said we do need
donations we're a smaller staff and and
we need more people to help help us put
this this pieces back together but then
when you go to these facilities that are
run by the state and they learn okay
zero tolerance is over do those do those
state employees have any plans to get
those kids back what are their what
where do they think those kids are going
well I should clarify and that it the
state maybe has these facilities but the
program itself the office of refugee
resettlement that's a federal program
and so really it's the federal
government's burden to put together a
plan if they were the ones who wanted to
rent Theriault family asunder they have
to figure out how to put them back
together we have been able to work with
many of these case managers many of
these child welfare specialists at the
shelters to put these pieces back
together to find these clues to track
down is there a parent in a home country
do we get a call from a federal defender
in San Diego that maybe could tell us
where the the father is being held in
criminal custody and working together as
a team we've been able to piece some of
these families for you by and large
what's the profile of these kids this
narrative is out there that they are the
children of drug smugglers and criminals
who are they and what are they flee it
just simply isn't true these children
and one of the most impressive things
about them is not withstanding the
trauma not withstanding the fear one of
the questions they always ask is is my
mom okay is my dad okay can you tell me
that please they care they're a good
person they said I don't understand why
I saw my father in handcuffs he's a good
man and all he told me was that we were
running because something was was trying
to hurt us kids and families are running
from gangs from governments that can't
control the games that gangs that won't
control the gangs from domestic violence
from situations where it's really a
matter of life and death that's the
profile these are children that for the
most part are under 10 years old that
we're talking
have been separated hey there are Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
