have some breaking news it is just
coming in now from over at the Supreme
Court where there's a new ruling now in
from the justices it could affect how
much you're actually taxed for what you
buy online NBC News justice
correspondent Pete Williams is joining
us live now from the Supreme Court Pete
what's this ruling about well not only
could but will affect what you pay
online the Supreme Court has said that
now states can require internet
retailers to collect sales taxes so that
means that things that you buy online
the retailer now can charge you sales
taxes and in many cases must charge you
sales taxes now for the law for the
longest time the Supreme Court has said
based on a decision years ago from
catalog companies that unless a company
had a physical presence in the state
like a retail store a distribution
center the state could not require that
retailer to charge sales taxes today the
Supreme Court said that thinking is out
of date that the Internet era has
changed everything and that that logic
no longer applies that the physical
presence rule has prevented the people
who still have a presence in the state
from being on the level playing field
with internet retailers that they get an
advantage by not having to charge sales
taxes and therefore what they sell can
be cheaper so the Supreme Court is
opening the door to this now I think
what it's going to mean in practical
terms is that the large internet
retailers will have to charge sales
taxes and many of them already do
amazon.com does for example other
internet retailers do because they have
so many Walmart for example but smaller
companies those who do business for
example on eBay may have to charge sales
taxes the specifics of that have yet to
be determined but this certainly opens
the door it's a big change the Supreme
Court says the old understanding of how
it works with catalog companies is
outdated the internet changes everything
so you're going to see more sales taxes
for the things you buy online so Pete
you're coming out we're talking about
this internet sales tax decision there
was a decision that we might have been
talking about that we're not which is
the one in the president's travel ban
we're still waiting on that
and there's what only a couple of days
left in the term to be able to get that
right so there's at least two I think
three or maybe even four decision days
left in this term we now know we're
going to get the students again tomorrow
we're going to get them on this coming
Monday probably Tuesday probably
Wednesday after that the travel ban case
was the last one argued this term so
logically you would assume it'll be the
last decision we'll hear today the
Supreme Court handed down three other
decisions kind of clearing the
underbrush for the big cases yet to come
so I think we have now eight cases left
to decide and we have all we have three
or four more decision days so I don't
know when we'll get it I suppose we
could get it tomorrow more likely next
week more likely the last day of the
term thank you for checking out our
YouTube channel why don't you subscribe
it's really easy just click on that
button down there and for more news from
MSNBC click on any of these videos here
for the latest interviews and highlights
you can get more videos from MSNBC with
our newsletters head over to msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up
