vodka feels very strongly my wife feels
very strongly about it I feel very
strongly about it I think anybody with a
heart would feel very strongly about it
we don't like to see families separated
nobody you've been separating them now
in fact if you have a heart there are
two thousand three hundred plus young
children a lot of parents some of them
infants and a lot of them toddlers a lot
of them young the same age
I mean where some of your grandchildren
who were separated from their parents
right now
can't see them separated from their
parents parents can't see them in fact
mr. president your your centralized
state-run government will not allow
anybody in to see them in the press
won't allow Americans to see the
condition by which those toddlers yeah
that's what I said
infants and toddlers and young girls are
being incarcerated by the United States
government anyway as these firestorms
over family separations played out
president Trump's daughter and senior
White House adviser Ivanka Trump
remained silent she commented for the
first time only on the topic yesterday
tweeting thank you POTUS for taking
critical action ending family separation
at our borders Congress was now act and
find a lasting solution that's
consistent with their shared values the
same values that so many come here
seeking as they endeavor to create a
better life for their family lavaca
Trump who once built herself as a force
for good in the administration was
publicly silent on this issue prior to
that tweet White House spokesman Raj
Shah said Ivanka Trump made calls the
congressional leaders advocating for a
fix Jonathan Lemire also you saw that
after that tweet the she was met with a
great deal of hostility not only in
Twitter but also from others who thought
that you know reports which we'll be
talking about later coming out that
she'd been saying for a week asking
inside the White House should I speak
out on this issue or not should I speak
out on this issue or not she spoke out
afterwards and
the reaction was harsh right and it's
her silence amid the crisis that is so
striking and it's not the first time she
has done this remember Ivanka Trump when
she took this position said as you've
just read from our story that she wanted
to be a force for good a lot of people
thought she might be a moderating
influence on the president but at the
very least that she would advocate for
issues about family about children she
has said that that's what she wanted to
do that's the mark she wanted to leave
in her role in the West Wing and that
has not been the case her silence here
during this crisis you know is it
reflects is remem Anisa of what she's
done before remember she also bit her
tongue during the Charlottesville prices
last summer when the president said
there are good people on both sides of
that violence which meant neo-nazis and
KKK members Ivanka Trump here you know
and this is we've seen the White House
to do this repeatedly where after the
fact suddenly there's the spin you know
people close to Ivanka white house
officials
you know anonymous aides will tell us
you know yes the the the first daughter
was there advocating behind the scenes
to move her father in a certain way
sometimes she's effective sometimes and
yet it was Melania who actually spoke
out here it was real right who spoke out
in real time and putting real pressure
on the President to move that's right
there her words which happened before
this executive order was signed before
the decision was made to reverse this
policy seemed to carry far more weight
instead of the first daughter who almost
seemed to try to claim a victory after
the fact you know I think it was
striking that the president in a
closed-door meeting with Republicans a
few days ago said for the first time yes
my daughter has said this looks bad you
should try to change it yeah but she we
didn't hear that from Ivanka herself
yeah and you know Willie we've known
we've known Ivanka and Eric and done for
quite some time
and you know they actually did a very
good reputation around New York always
polite always courteous always I'll
actually pretty humble will mannered for
billionaires kids it's amazing how how
much things have changed and it's pretty
remarkable that time it again Ivanka who
went in to be a voice for good and
champion children and women she has
remained silent through some of the most
horrific episodes in recent American
history involving well first of all what
the president says about women
the shocking insulting things said about
women but its Jonathan Jonathan said
after Charlottesville and now after this
there's you have infants and toddlers
and young girls being incarcerated and
we don't know where they are and she
hasn't spoken out it's become a
Washington cliche as Jonathan points out
that at the end of all these stories
there's always reporting that says
Ivanka Trump pressured her father she
was the one who was trying to put her
thumb on the scale on them to be on the
right side of history sometimes it works
sometimes it doesn't remember she's not
just the president's daughter as Emily
Jane Fox writes in her excellent new
book Ivanka Trump enthusiastically left
into the role of senior advisor to the
president she is a senior advisor she's
no longer just the daughter of the
President on stage she represents the
White House publicly for her not to
speak out and for her then to push
stories after the fact where she says I
tried my best I put pressure on my
father and the only way only I can and
this time it didn't work out it's just
not enough so you can either be the
president's daughter and that's fine I
don't expect Tiffani Trump to come out
and speak on every issue or you can be
the senior advisor to the president who
has presented herself as an advocate for
women and family and there's no better
story here for women and families than
the one we're talking yeah I don't work
I think I don't think the right
criticism is why she did not speak out I
think the right criticism is how she let
this pasta come into effect to begin
with she is a senior advisor to the
president which means she has a role in
creating policy in the White House
before gets instituted I think it's not
unfair but most advisors are not told
that they should speak out in real time
against the president's own policy what
the
real criticism is is if she has any
influence if she has any know-how if she
has any interest in policy
why is she allowing these things to come
into effect in the first place right and
and Mika we early on I know you talked
to Ivanka a lot
you actually got Dena Powell over to
meet with a vodka when Ivanka wanted
somebody to help her on on her efforts
for women yeah and for for children and
and so there were a lot of things said
during the transition about a lot of
things that were going to be done but
there's been an awful lot of silence in
times of moral crisis and and you
actually you communicate with her
yesterday I did so first of all you know
as Charlotte's fail and a lot of
different events happen during this
presidency that were pretty devastating
to watch I was always very sad about
sort of the fact that she didn't step up
but as you're right Sam you know you he
was a counselor to the president even in
that role it's not necessarily your
place but she's got a very different
role than anybody else being the
president's daughter and also putting
herself out there as someone who can
really help sort of soften the edges and
she hasn't done any of that or if she
has then good lord what would we have
gotten but aside from that I stopped
communicating with her because nothing
seemed to be sticking and everything she
said she wanted to do never happened
not one bit and Deana who would never
say it didn't work she was moved over to
the National Security Council I will
tell you it didn't work and Dena's
incredibly talented so it wasn't on Dena
Ivanka called yesterday and I've been
speaking to her posting comments on her
Instagram so I can be sure that she
reads them letting her know that we
really need to hear from her as a
spokesperson on families and mothers and
babies
to tell the world that she believes this
policy is wrong that somebody does need
to step up to this president somebody
does need to come forward and tell him
that this is inhumane please be the
person take this moment in your life to
jump out of the Trump box and do what's
right for America
and tried to communicate with her on her
Instagram she did not erase it but she
did not respond and then yesterday she
called I guess maybe she was making
calls making the rounds to talk about
this executive order but the question
still is where are the girls where are
the toddlers what about these thousands
of did you talk to her so I didn't but I
texted her and I have it right here
because I I wanted to talk to her but I
wanted to make it very clear the
parameters of this conversation would be
very clear and that I wasn't going to be
just as trusting anymore that I've lost
trust and I said unless you can tell me
where the little girls and toddlers are
and the the intention of this
administration is to reunite these
families right away now that there's
nothing to talk about and that I've lost
trust and I asked her to speak out for
women and for mothers and for babies and
if she could do that I would be happy to
talk to her on the record and then she
wrote me back off the record so I won't
mention what she wrote off the record
because that would be wrong but it was
really just kind of a placating group of
sentences some that didn't make sense
but basically saying talk is cheap or
that she was making efforts and so I
wrote back on the record unless you can
speak out in public for mothers and
women and babies and that she might want
to understand that this is her moment to
talk about the ideals that this country
was created on the morals that this
country holds close for the rest of the
world and if she could show the world
that she cares about mothers and
children that would be good and that if
she can't that no one's gonna ever
respect her again because this whole
thing has been a joke this position that
she holds is a joke this is a defining
moment actually for this administration
but
as katrina was i talked to so many good
people that worked for george w bush
that dedicated their lives to george w
bush he told me after as much as they'd
still love the man that that was the
defining moment of their presidency
katrina forever and that they were still
talking about it five years later
heartbroken
that they didn't step up and do more
during that time and heidi this is this
is that time for Ivanka Trump this is
that time for Kirsten Nilson that is
this time for every member if they don't
step forward right now and be counted as
I told many people during the Bush
administration when they were angry at
me for criticizing them on massive debts
and Katrina and other things I said he's
gonna be gone you're still gonna be in
Washington and you're gonna be defined
by how you respond now they didn't
respond the way they wanted to they
regretted it the rest of their lives and
maybe Ivanka Trump stepping up and
taking charge of reuniting those two
thousand three hundred Annette's
children asking that those lost children
those lost toddlers those lost infants
those lost young girls maybe she can
step up and aggressively take charge of
that part of it and reunite these
families that would be using her
position only she knows what the true
relationship and dynamic is between her
and her father and I'm gonna say
something here that is not out of the
realm of possibility that the
patriarchal pole and this family really
is so strong that she does feel
intimidated that she does feel like she
can't do that she can do this this this
is a moment Joe like you said this
moment has not passed this is the
opportunity now because there are 23
hundred children who are sitting
somewhere either in a detention facility
or they've been sent out to American
families and their parents are in the
process of being deported some of them
already have been deported we know that
because we've seen one mother in
Guatemala on television her eyes swollen
her child her son somewhere she doesn't
know where
is here in the United States been
deported him correct and like we talked
about in the break there are ways to do
this there's there's DNA tests but how
many of these parents are going to be
deported without their children well and
and Richard for those saying it's unfair
to attack a president's daughter I would
say just what Mika said we're not
talking about Tiffany we're talking
about Ivanka who decided to go into the
White House be the top counselor to the
President of the United States and just
as Bobby Kennedy was roundly criticized
when he became Attorney General for his
brother if you are in the arena if you
take that position then you have to be
held accountable by the American people
absolutely you can't have it both ways
you can't basically do certain things as
a White House adviser and then when
criticism or flak comes your way say I'm
only the president's daughter it's not
fair yeah you've got to be out there
she's she's on the payroll so to speak
she has security clearance if she has
official responsibilities and if she
sends like she did yesterday a
cheerleading tweet giving her father
credit for ending the crisis that's a
politican that's a political statement
but Heidi's right why don't we think
about a massive program of genetic
testing or whatever it would take to
reunite these kids that would be
something positive as I mentioned before
why don't we think about a serious trade
and aid policy just to try to address
some of the problems in these countries
that are leading people to flee for
their lives there's so much that could
be done both to deal with the
consequences of what we've just
experienced and to prevent it from
recurring because she should get on a
plane this morning let Mariana tensio or
Jacob Soboroff or one of our reporters
come in with the camera take a tour of
the place sit down to an interview and
find out what's happening and show the
country what's happening this is why she
won't do it as soon as one of embarrass
or death children do what you can do
everybody who cares about this is doing
what they can do there are legal aid
organizations doing what they can do
there are doctors stepping up we want to
foster one of these children as they
wait wherever they are we just want to
know where they are and we will use this
platform to ask again
again and again where are the girls and
where are the toddlers what can you do
you can go to the border border as the
president's counselor on women and
families and children and you can stand
there and wait until something is done
step up it's not about you and it's not
about your dad it's about the country
what's right and we will be the first of
course to salute and praise as will
everybody else the first person that can
go down and has the power has the
authority to go down and show us where
these lost children are where these
hidden children are where these 2,300
kids are these toddlers these infants
these young girls these young boys who
have been separated from their parents
take charge of that be the first to
praise whoever can do that because
that's not only good for those children
that's good for the United States of
America's reputation not only here but
it crossed the globe coming up aside
from the human toll what's the political
damage from this ugly episode in our
history we'll talk about what it means
for Republicans this November we're back
in a moment thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
