well president Trump got the headlines
that he has been fearing tonight the
Chicago sun-times says Trump caves using
kids as pawns triggered crisis of his
own making
Trump caves is the headline that Donald
Trump fears politically more than any
other the Trump false image is that he
never backs down but the truth of his
career in business is the opposite
Donald Trump has always publicly claimed
for example that he never gives up and
never settles lawsuits and then he very
publicly gave up and settled a fraud
lawsuit for 25 million dollars that was
25 million dollars for defrauding these
student victims of Trump University and
of course most famously as president the
very first thing Donald Trump did first
thing was to back down on Mexico paying
for the wall and after Donald Trump back
down and gave up on Mexico paying for a
wall on the southern border the
president was captured in a transcript
of a phone call to the Mexican president
begging the Mexican president to please
stop saying that Mexico would not pay
for the wall and of course President
Trump begged the Mexican presidents who
stopped saying it because that hurt
Donald Trump's image of never backing
down
president Trump backed down on having
Mexico pay for the wall completely back
down on it that's why the president is
now begging Congress in the American
taxpayer to pay for the wall and
Congress is refusing to pay for the wall
President Trump started jailing babies
and toddlers and children of all ages in
April and he did it without legislation
from Congress he did it with an
executive or without an executive order
he just did it through a memo issued by
the Attorney General to federal
prosecutors in our southwest border
states entitled zero tolerance and that
memo to prosecutors was a was a change
in the policy of how these children were
handled it was a change in the way the
Trump administration was handling these
children right up through March of this
year the President to do that just
needed to tell Jeff Sessions to tell his
prosecutors to do that and now all the
president would have to
tell his prosecutors to stop doing that
to stop prosecuting every family who
crosses the border without the proper
documentation and but today the
President issued an executive order
about the situation an executive order
that helps none of the 2300 children and
babies who are in federal custody
tonight because of the Trump
zero-tolerance policy the executive
order seems to indicate that the Trump
administration will continue to pursue a
zero-tolerance policy and instead of
separating children from their parents
when they are arrested the government
will quote to the extent permitted by
law and subject to the availability of
appropriations maintain custody of alien
families during the pendency of any
criminal improper entry so the big
change in the executive order is the
children who enter the country what
their parents will be allowed to go to
jail with their parents instead of going
to jail alone so the question tonight is
what has really changed and what is
going to change because of this
executive order as I told Rachel we will
be joined by Peter Shea he's one of the
lawyers in the Flores case which is the
federal lawsuit that sets the rules for
and continues to control the rules for
the handling of children in these cases
the executive order tells the Attorney
General to quote promptly file a request
with the US District Court for the
Central District of California to modify
the settlement agreement in Flores
versus sessions when jeff sessions files
that request he will meet Peter Shea in
court and in a moment attorney Peter
Shea will tell us how he will respond in
court to the Attorney General
and to President Trump but first joining
us now from McAllen Texas are ms NBC
correspondent Jacob Soboroff and MSNBC's
Chris Hayes Chris you've been spending a
couple of days down there now the the
story today has changed but the question
is how much has it changed what does
this executive order do
that's exactly the question the folks
that we've talked to you down here
particularly the advocates who are
working with these populations that's
people at Iesus and the texas center for
civil rights and the public defender's
office those are the lawyers that are in
contact as this process order rolls true
I don't know what tomorrow brings and
what Friday and Monday will bring
tomorrow that will probably be people in
federal courtrooms have their children
separated because they're being
processed a day late there's a real
question just an open question to
everyone down here which is come Friday
morning when those 75 people for the
morning session in federal court McAllen
come in and they have their kind of
intake interview with a public defender
the public defender says have you been
separate from the child if everyone says
no or people still say yes and and also
whether they are still gonna be
separated from their kid to go to the
courthouse and be charged whether
there's gonna be a short period of time
two or three days and there to be
unified all of that is utterly an open
question and I guarantee you it is not
just an open question to me to the
American people to defend the public
defenders and the advocates here it's
probably an open question right now if I
de bet inside CBP inside US facilities
inside the federal agencies that are all
tasked with carrying all this out if I
had to bet I I would imagine that that
they don't know the answer to that yet
either Jacob Soboroff that's what we're
getting in quotes to the media in
Washington is that the people in the
relevant agencies don't really have the
answer to what happens next especially
to that question of what happens to the
2300 children who are already in custody
and in that regard Lawrence there's
nothing really new about that DHS and
HHS didn't seem to be talking to each
other before President Trump signed that
executive order the Secretary of
Homeland Security stood up on that
podium and said she didn't know where
the girls and the toddlers were just a
couple days ago and they're still not
talking to each other earlier tonight
HHS told me an official at HHS had told
me that as far as finding out where
these 2,300 2,500 kids are and whether
or not they were gonna be grandfathered
into that executive order we have to go
over and ask a DHS was going to be up to
DHS and only a matter of maybe an hour
later we got a statement on the record
from a spokesperson Bryan Marriott and
HHS which basically took that back and
said you know honestly we can't give you
any answer so what we told you before
we're actually maybe that wasn't quite
so true
the balls not necessarily in DHS escort
and and now again more questions and
answers and we still Lawrence don't know
where the girls are and don't know where
the toddlers are and Chris Hayes we have
reports now from inside the White House
indicating that John Kelly and White
House Council McGann were arguing
against an executive order in this case
that the president was only going to
complicate things by issuing this
executive order the president was out
there tonight in his rally crowd where
he seemed to have as usual that full
enthusiastic support of his rally crowd
and they seem to be greeting him as if
he had accomplished something what's
your reading just politically of where
this stands tonight for the president
you know I think that one of the things
that we've seen happen before I remember
this happened with the travel ban where
it was a complete disaster
and then it got enjoined in multiple
federal courts and there were these
stories of like Steve Benton wanted this
to happen this was all part of the plan
and I'm a little skeptical of that I
mean if they were so proud of this
policy if they liked this policy they
wouldn't have lied and hidden it
they wouldn't have come out and said we
have no child separation policy what are
you talking about they wouldn't have
come out and said no no it's not us it
has to be Congress it's the law it's
Flores it's this it's that they spent
weeks and weeks hiding the ball
obfuscating acting like they were taking
a candy bar out of the store and today
they acted like they were caught I mean
that's really what happened here I mean
they got caught today so the idea that
they're spending it that this was all
part of their like master you know three
moves ahead political strategy because
they like to be talking about
immigration I just don't buy at all I
think here's what I think I think they
didn't think anyone would care about
little children from El Salvador and
Honduras and Guatemala being taken from
their parents I think they thought no
one would care and they were wrong
people did care and today they were
caught it doesn't mean they're gonna
change it doesn't mean the policy stops
I mean all of that really remains
unclear but in terms of the politics
like they got dealt a loss today I think
that is clear and unambiguous and Chris
one thing that they probably didn't
anticipate the president didn't
anticipate as Republican senators
group of them including Orrin Hatch and
led by Orrin Hatch would take the
president's on on this want to read a
tweak that Orrin Hatch put out saying
tender-age shelters is a chilling phrase
we will not soon forget the child
separation policy should be halted now
and that was before the president took
his action today and of course that the
concept of tender tender age is an
apparently an old legal concept that
refers to children of very young ages
and in the current usage of it by the
Department of Homeland Security they and
an HHS they apparently made children age
four and under and that's who they are
referring to in that report that we got
last night
this nuta that was news last night about
what they're doing with the children
aged four and under you know there's
this the language from Orrin Hatch there
is interesting to me there weren't had
just someone who said the president has
the potential it could be the greatest
president we've ever had he has like
basically every Republican and including
Jeff Flake who's said some things he
doesn't like about the president
basically move lockstep with him and
from a policy perspective there's been a
question all along about what the
binding constraints on this presidency
are and whether the institutions of
American civil society and rule of law
will hold in the face of someone who
manifestly has no care for them sitting
in the Oval Office that being the
president and in the past what has
constrained him has been politics of the
Obamacare fight when John McCain gave
the thumbs down and largely the courts I
mean the daka order was held up in the
courts and enjoined travel ban 1.0 and
2.0 held up in the courts three point
out before the Supreme Court we should
get a ruling soon what this to me was a
different thing it was civil society
essentially I mean it was kind of the
moral conscience of the nation rising up
and saying no this is a line that cannot
be crossed that the binding constraint
on what our government does is here it
is tearing a 12 month old baby from a
mother and and throwing them into a
quote tender a shelter and I think it's
really the first time something like
that has happened honestly in the Trump
administration they've they've had Celt
setbacks they've been constrained in
ways but it was either sort of
litical ii in congress and john mccain
the ACA fight or the courts this was
something more than that this was really
a sort of victory of the conscience of
civil society in the face of the trump
administration thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
