uh and thanks to at home for joining us
this hour we do have a little bit of
news to break this hour this segment in
fact very happy to have you here tonight
tonight I promise I will hold it
together better than I did last night
because there is nothing else going on
in the world because the federal
government and the Trump administration
are just cruising along fine with no
problems they have nothing better to
worry about right now they've decided to
start something new tonight the Trump
administration announced plans to merge
the Department of Education and the
Department of Labor the Department of
Education and the Department of Labor
have nothing to do with each other so
this new reported proposal from the
Trump administration to combine them
could be seen as a nicer way of saying
they're abolishing the Labor Department
or it could be seen as a nicer way of
saying they're abolishing the Education
Department but I think a safe bet is
that what this means is that they are
abolishing both of them this plan first
reported tonight by The Wall Street
Journal not yet formally confirmed by
the White House but there's no reason to
think this isn't something they'd try no
reason to think this isn't what they'd
expect to be their next brilliant move
for a federal government that's really
on a roll right now
tomorrow morning mayors from all over
the country big city mayors from places
like LA and Seattle small city mayors
from places like Findlay Ohio and Gary
Indiana mayors from all over are going
to converge first thing tomorrow morning
on Tornillo Texas or the federal
government set up that tent encampment
to house hundreds of kids without their
parents
that'll be first thing in the morning so
that should garner a bunch of attention
both in terms of national press tomorrow
morning and in terms of the hometown
press coverage from from the hometowns
of all those mayors he'll be coming from
every corner of the country to protest
what the Trump administration has been
doing to kids on the porter Tornillo
Texas has become a focal point for these
public objections to what the Trump
administration has done because this
past week it really was the first place
that was identified as a purpose-built
new location that the Trump
administration was setting up to
incarcerate kids under this new Trump
administration policy Tornillo Texas and
that tent city were first but we have
since found out about a whole bunch more
patience where the trumpet trumpet
ministration is stowing these kids that
they're taking last night in the nine
o'clock hour The Associated Press broke
a whole new kind of news in this scandal
when they were first to report on
locations being set up by the Trump
administration specifically for quote
tender age kids so little kids toddlers
and babies relocations according to the
AP were already up and running to
Raymondville to - excuse me Raymondville
Texas
combs Texas and and Brownsville Texas
they're setting up these purpose-built
locations to incarcerate babies and
toddlers the AAP further reported that
another location for babies and toddlers
was set to be opened in a Houston
warehouse which the Washington Post
identified as sitting at 419
emancipation Avenue in Houston Texas
they planned to open that warehouse
facility for babies and toddlers in
coming days again babies and toddlers
being held without their parents as soon
as we got word of that element of the
Trump administration's policy last night
where they were secretly holding little
kids who had been seized from their
mothers and fathers last night we got
this smuggled photo published in The New
York Times showing a toddler who's about
11 or 12 months old you can see she's in
diapers
crawling across a brightly colored mat
in a shelter that is a little kid who
has been taken away from her parents and
is being held at this facility alone
without them according to The Times the
person who took that photo believes that
girl has been separated from her
relatives for about a month already by
the Trump administration the time said
the person who took the photo quote
requested anonymity because he was not
authorized to release an image that is
about to become an important part of
this story in New York City a reporter
from local news station New York won
today thanked quote people who were
willing to excuse me people who were
willing to risk talking confidentially
when he tracked down yet another site
where the Trump administration has been
stowing these kids after taking them
away from their parents New York one
published these images of these young
girls late at night last night being
moved into and out of a facility in East
Harlem in New York City New York
Governor Andrew Cuomo later confirmed
that the girls who were spotted this
facility in New York City these girls
are among the kids who the Trump
administration has taken from their
parents they took them off that the
southern border and brought these little
girls all the way to New York New York
City Mayor Bill DeBlasio later confirmed
today in a press conference outside the
facility that there were in fact 239
girls being held inside there the
youngest nine months old held alone away
from their parents but again that that
reporter from that New York one story
which is how we learned that 239 of
these little girls are being held alone
in East Harlem he thanked his
confidential sources for the tip write
that that's where the girls were the tip
that led to those images and that
footage and that reporting and now that
attention and confirmation from public
officials and then there's the New York
Times as well granting anonymity to some
unauthorized source who nevertheless
took steps to get the public one of the
first pictures of this kid not yet one
year-old who has already been alone for
a month and a month is a long time when
your life is 11 months long so far but
this stuff is gonna get out right you
can't do this kind of thing quietly
you can't take literally thousands of
kids
forcibly away from their parents
including babies and not have the
country notice this is a secret that is
too big to be kept I don't know who the
source was for that picture of that
toddler in Brownsville Texas that was
sent to the New York Times but clearly
that was somebody who had access to
being inside that facility who
nevertheless chose to get that picture
out so the press would see it so the
public would see how young these kids
are and I don't know how New York one
found out about those girls being moved
in the dead of night in East Harlem
after midnight last night but somebody
knew and somebody in a position to know
told a reporter and that reporter got a
camera crew there and they got it out
today a law firm in Washington State
announced a nationwide pro bono legal
effort that will provide legal counsel
free of charge to immigration officers
who refuse to enforce the family
separation policy yesterday in the
Houston Chronicle a flight attendant
published a sort of anguished essay
about what he feared might have been his
own unwitting role in helping the Trump
administration take these kids away from
their parents quote several weeks ago I
worked two flights one to San Antonio
the other to McAllen they were among the
most disturbing flights I've ever
experienced in my career on board these
particular flights were ice agents and
migrant children approximately four to
eleven years old who had been separated
from their families he said one of the
agents admitted to one of his co-workers
and the flight crew that these indeed
were kids who were being relocated to
assigned camps the flight attendant said
that he would refuse in the future to
work on any flight with children who
have been separated from their families
he said quote it occurred to me a few
weeks later that I might well have been
a collaborator in their transport since
working those two flights the images of
those helpless children have burned into
my psyche the little children whose
faces were full of fear confusion
sadness and exhaustion left me somewhat
traumatized so that was a a flight
attendant publishing that in the Houston
Chronicle yesterday we don't know what
airline that flight attendant works for
but then today American Airlines became
the first u.s. airline to say we are not
doing this we are not going to be a part
of this policy
American Airlines announcing quote while
we have carried refugees for nonprofits
and the government many of whom are
being reunited with family or friends we
have no knowledge that the federal
government has used American Airlines to
transport children who have been
separated from their parents do this due
to the recent immigration policy we
would be extremely disappointed to learn
that is the case we have therefore
requested the federal government to
immediately refrain from using American
for the purpose of transporting children
who have been separated from their
families due to the current immigration
policy we have no desire to be
associated with separating families or
worse to profit from it that was
American Airlines saying we don't want
to do this we do not want to profit from
it we don't think you've made us do this
already if it turns out we have we're
gonna be mad and we will not do it in
the future
that was American other airlines quickly
followed suit Frontier Airlines saying
frontier prides itself on being a family
airline we will not knowingly allow our
flights to be used to transport migrant
children away from their families next
was a statement from the CEO at United
quote at United Airlines we've been
concerned about reports that commercial
airlines have been used to transport
immigrant children separated from their
parents by a newly implemented
implemented immigration enforcement
policy based on some research we have
done internally and public reports we
haven't seen evidence these children
have been flown on United aircraft but
based on our serious concerns about this
policy and how it's a deep conflict with
our company's values we've contacted
federal officials to inform them that
they should not transport immigrant
children on United aircraft who have
been separated from their parents this
policy and its impact on children on
thousands of children is in deep
conflict with our company's mission and
we want no part of it so it's a it's a
big operation to take away thousands of
kids forcibly from their families and
then to hide them around the country
right and the bigger the operation the
harder it is to keep under wraps so now
we're at the point where we've got
thousands of kids who've been taken by
the government and we're starting to see
people who are either just eyewitnesses
or who are somehow maybe even just
peripherally involved in this now
growing system we're seeing people who
have knowledge of what's going on
starting to leak to the press starting
to make sure that pictures and footage
and audio Kate audio tapes get out we
have seen governor's across the country
Republicans and Democrats say there
they're not going to allow any resource
of resources for many of their States to
be used to further this policy we've got
commercial airlines including the
biggest ones in the country saying you
will not use us for this either
everybody who can opt out of this thing
is trying to everybody who thinks they
might potentially be used to effectuate
this policy or further at some how is
trying to draw a line and say no don't
put this on us even if you're a federal
immigration officer
who wants to opt out of implementing
this policy apparently there's a law
firm in Washington State that will
represent you for free I mean somebody's
got to do it as long as this is still
the policy and it is still the policy
despite you what it what you might have
heard from the president today we'll
have more on that in just a moment
but I first in terms of who is carrying
out this policy who is making this
possible we have to break a little bit
of news on that subject here right now
we've got this story exclusively it came
to our attention today that the US
military has been asked by the Justice
Department to please send them lawyers
specifically to send them lawyers at the
border lawyers in the military are
called Jags Judge Advocate General's my
dad was an Air Force Jag we can report
tonight that the US Justice Department
has requested that the Pentagon send
active duty Jags active duty US military
lawyers to Texas Arizona and New Mexico
to work as prosecutors for the Justice
Department special unprecedented
six-month shifts as quote special
assistant US Attorney's the Justice
Department has asked the Pentagon to
ship active duty military lawyers to the
border to prosecute people picked up at
the border including parents who are
having their current their kids taken
away from them we have never heard of
anything like this before but we can
report tonight that the Defense
Department has agreed to this we think
unprecedented requests from the
Department of Justice the Defense
Department confirmed that after we
inquired with them about emails that we
have obtained that apparently have been
sent out to active duty Jags quoting
from these emails that we've obtained
quote an urgent request DoD has directed
the Armed Services to support the
Department of Justice by providing 21
attorneys to prosecute immigration
crimes in u.s. district courts that
means federal courts for six months in
the following six cities Yuma Arizona
Los Cruces New Mexico El Paso Texas Del
Rio Texas Laredo Texas and McAllen Texas
the Justice Department has apparently
told the Pentagon quote we are looking
for litigators with general courtroom
experience and will provide basic
trained
at the US Attorneys offices on
immigration crime and federal criminal
procedure again remember these are
military lawyers who are being asked to
do this military lawyers don't
necessarily practice in federal court at
all let alone on immigration law but
apparently don't worry they're gonna get
a little bit of basic training and then
they'll get right in the courtroom but
the duration of the details meaning that
detail in the military sense we're
detailing you to the specific place the
duration of the details will be six
months assisting Department of Justice
while we staff up with permanent
assistant US attorneys the focus of this
work will be violations of eight US Code
sections 1325 and 1326 which is that
statutes for crossing the border
illegally so again we we obtained these
emails today which is the first
indication we had seen anywhere that
this was happening active-duty military
lawyers being put on this what it's it's
all it's the first time we've ever heard
of the Pentagon directing active duty
military lawyers to instead go work for
the Justice Department prosecuting
normal domestic immigration cases after
we questioned the Pentagon about these
emails which appeared to indicate this
directive the Pentagon in fact confirmed
to us tonight that this is happening
telling us quote the Secretary of
Defense has approved a Justice
Department request to detail 21
attorneys with criminal trial experience
to the Department of Justice for a
period of 179 days the DoD attorneys
will be appointed as special assistant
US attorneys and will work full-time
assisting in prosecuting reactive border
immigration cases but they will focus on
misdemeanor improper entry and felony
illegal reentry cases so there was no
advance notice that the military was
doing this before they put this into
effect only after we asked about it
tonight did they confirm that it is
happening now I should tell you what
this means from a like a civilian
perspective a citizenship perspective
what this means among other things is
that the military budget the defense
budget which pays for you know bombs and
guns and ammo and all that stuff and the
salaries of active duty military
personnel the military budget is by this
program effect
being repurposed and diverted into Jeff
sessions is Department of Justice to
help him handle this new huge backlog of
immigration prosecutions that they've
just created because of the Trump
administration policy for which they
apparently made no plans in terms of how
they were actually going to implement it
they didn't bother to staff up more
prosecutors to do this kind of
prosecuting work they just decided that
they'd start prosecuting everybody
wholesale with no plan for who would
actually do the work so now the military
is helping them out active duty I mean
to be clear these military lawyers are
not being assigned to represent parents
who had their kids taken away or kids
who had their parents taken away these
military lawyers are being assigned to
the Justice Department to prosecute
those families legal representation for
the families themselves for the parents
and for the kids that's not something
where the US military is being asked to
take up the slack know that that's more
of a gofundme situation a few days ago a
California couple with a two-year-old
daughter they were moved for obvious
reasons by this now infamous photo of a
two-year-old girl screaming and crying
for her mother and emphatically not
being held by her mother as her mother
interacts with immigration authorities
those parents in California decided to
start a fundraiser on Facebook to try to
help little girls like that in a very
specific way the reason this crisis has
happened on the border in a technical
sense is because President Trump has
decreed that all people all these people
crossing the border should be prosecuted
and that is their justification for
taking away their kids but if you're
being prosecuted in federal court in the
United States even if it's from for some
new harebrained half thought through
policy you get due process American
courts give you due process and part of
getting due process is that the court
can decide that while you are facing
prosecution you can get bail at the
courts discretion you can pay a specific
out a month a specific amount money set
by the court and if you post that bail
you can effectively be set free on your
own recognizance with the promise that
you'll only get that bail money back if
you show up for your court hearing
that's how it works in American courts
thank you Constitution
the fundraiser that this California
couple started was based on the simple
idea that somebody should pay the bail
money for these parents who have had
their kids taken away because they've
been arrested or now being prosecuted
for having crossed the border while they
are awaiting trial on those charges
conceivably if somebody could pay the
bail for the parents those parents could
get out ahead of their court date with a
promise to return but while they are out
they could then go get their kid
California couple decided to try to
raise $1,500 thinking that might be
reasonable bail amount maybe to expect
for a single parent who came up in court
after being charged because of this new
Trump administration policy they set
their initial goal at raising fifteen
hundred dollars as of tonight they have
raised almost fifteen million dollars
look more than three hundred and fifty
thousand people have donated a couple
who started the fundraiser say that they
had sustained periods today of people
giving more than ten thousand dollars a
minute that money will go to the refugee
and immigrant center for education and
legal services lawyer from that
nonprofit is somebody who Chris Hayes
just spoke to at the end of his show
last hour it's a local nonprofit in
Texas that provides free or low-cost
lawyers to immigrants and refugees in
Texas is a very bare-bones operation
they have this is their organization
they have lawyers who work with
immigrants who need legal representation
and then they've got one other person
who works at the agency who's in charge
of raising funds their Development
Director well thanks to this Facebook
fundraiser in four days that Development
Director now has a new 15 million
dollars to contend with the nonprofit
says that with this influx of support
they are pursuing a simple plan they're
going to work with other groups who do
the same kind of legal representation
they do and their plan their goal is to
locate every single family every single
kid the Trump administration has done
this too they want to locate every
single one of these separated families
and their kids and they want to get
every one of those families every one of
those kids a lawyer and then they want
to get them released
this is the plan for that you need bill
money for that you need organization for
that you need people who know the lay of
the land people who can work the system
it's that's what they're gonna try to do
if you are wondering whether or not
having a lawyer is an important factor
here the Washington Post also reports
tonight that as the Trump administration
was ramping up this new policy to start
taking all these kids away from their
parents
last month late last month they quietly
killed a federal grant program that used
to pay for legal representation for kids
held alone in government custody there
used to be a federal grant program so
kids held alone could get lawyers Trump
administration quietly killed it last
month as they were ramping up this
policy to start taking thousands of kids
away so they could incarcerate them
alone
and so now Americans are trying to piece
it together themselves that refugee and
immigrant Center in Texas someone that's
the beneficiary of that fundraising
effort they say they have been also in
addition to the the fund raising they
have been overwhelmed by the number of
people calling them to volunteer quote
it is not just the funding we are
getting literally thousands of people
contacting us wanting to volunteer many
are like all come to Texas which is
great but if you are looking for the
kids who have already been taken away
from their parents yes some of them are
in Texas but they are also now all over
the country you don't have to go to
Texas they might be in your town the day
after Trump was inaugurated there was
the women's March probably the largest
protest in US history DC in New York and
Chicago but also all over the country
you might also remember that exactly one
week after that there were big protests
at airports and also at courthouses all
over the country when Trump issued his
first attempt at a Muslim ban executive
order he issued this Muslim ban
executive order he also revoked a
hundred thousand visas for people who
had already been legally admitted to the
country that night people started
getting held at airports after their
planes landed even though they were
legally allowed to be here when the
michael wolf book fire and fury came out
Steve Bannon was quoted in that book as
saying how much he loved those Airport
protests how those protests were by his
disease
because the Muslim ban executive order
was deliberately designed and timed to
provoke people to make people protest
because he thought it made the
protesters look terrible and it made
Trump look great because he was so sure
that Americans hate immigrants that much
the snow flakes would show up at the
airports in a riot that's why we did it
he may have loved it but among the
people who flooded to those airports on
that that first weekend after Trump was
inaugurated among the people who showed
up at those airports were tons of
lawyers with their laptops in their
handwritten signs we will represent you
and however delighted Steve Bannon might
have been with the timing and the
deliberate offensiveness of that
executive order and how much it upset
people you know what those people
protesting and those lawyers won they
got a restraining order against that
policy that very first weekend that the
Trump administration tried to put it in
effect and every subsequent iteration of
that policy has been stopped in the
courts thus far it's not done but
they've stopped at this long and this is
less remembered at a national scale but
I also want to tell you that ten days
after those airport protests this was
Phoenix Arizona it's a mom with American
kids who'd been here in this country for
decades deported one of the first people
to believe to be deported under the
newly aggressive anti-immigrant Trump
deportation policy people in Phoenix
that night staking out the local Border
Patrol facility ultimately chaining
themselves together laying down in front
of the van that was going to take that
woman away from her family and her
friends here they're trying to
physically block that deportation the
president today declared that the family
separation policy won't go on any longer
but his administration soon clarified
explicitly that they're still keeping
the kids the thousands of kids who have
already been taken from their parents
thus far are not going to be
grandfathered in and released back to
their families now that he's canceled
the policy going forward
so there's still no plan to reunite the
kids they've already taken with their
moms and dads the government is taking
no responsibility for doing that and
that means what is ultimately go
to end what Trump has done with these
thousands of kids who are spread out all
over the country right now tonight
without their moms and dads what's
ultimately going to end it is going to
be local activism and local advocates
putting these families back together and
and yes a lot of this is happening on
the on the border in in Texas in Arizona
in New Mexico but they have spread these
kids quietly out all over the country
which means there is a locus for
activism and mobilization and getting
resources these kids and their parents
in states all over the country in a
secret shelter that's probably not too
far from where you live and which is
probably soon to be leaked to your local
paper
there are dissenters and anonymous
sources and people who do not want to be
collaborators in this everywhere and
this is their time hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
