joining our discussion now by phone from
California is Peter Shea he's the
president of the Center for human rights
and constitutional law Peter thank you
very much for joining us tonight and you
are also in the center of this story you
you are part of this executive order
even though you're not mentioned by name
because the president's executive order
does specifically cite the Flores case
which has been controlling the rules of
how the federal government treats
children in custody in cases like this
what is your interpretation of the
president's executive order well I think
firstly that the president says that
Congress is fatally attacked and this
1997 new Flores settlement that we
reached with with federal government
dealing with requiring the humane
treatment of immigrant children in the
federal custody and and it's a very
detailed settlement but but Atwater met
requires the humane treatment of
immigrant children in federal custody
and it also requires a prom to release
from custody unless of course they are a
flight risk or they danger to themselves
or others or if they're detained with a
mother or father and and the mother
father does not wish the child wants to
keep the child with them in custody
that's really the bottom line of the
Florist settlement however the president
really for several months has been
identifying both the failures of
Congress and the Flores settlement for
the children and their parents coming
into the United States he talks about a
catch and release policy that doesn't
even exist and I think in his in this
executive order today he states that
that this florist case puts the
administration in the position this is a
quote from his order in a position of
separating alien families to effectively
enforce the law this is completely false
I mean it's completely untrue neither
Congress nor the Flores element
agreement have ever required the
separation of children from their
parents and this agreement has been
in effect for 21 years several
administrations no administration has
ever interpreted this agreement no court
has ever interpreted this agreement to
require the separation of parents from
their children so can I ask you for your
reaction to one NYU Law Professor
tonight has called this an unqualified
retreat for the president do you see it
that way
you know I think that's a qualified
retreat I wouldn't say that it's an
unqualified retreat I got a call from
the Department of Justice today telling
me that pursuant to the instructions of
the president they intend to be in court
possibly as soon as tomorrow in our case
in order to request that the judge
modified the agreement and according to
the conversation with the Department of
Justice they want to not only request in
essence that parents can be detained
with their children which is kind of
ridiculous because nothing in the
settlement precludes that in the first
place but they also told me something
that's not in the executive order that
they're also and the instruction is to
try to modify the settlement which
currently says that any facility when
minors are detained must be a licensed
facility and they want that part of the
settlement stricken or modified so that
they can start detaining parents with
children in military type facilities or
other types of facilities that are not
in any way licensed to ensure the safety
and the well-being of children so I
think it is a retreat I think it is a
major retreat but on the other on the
other hand he simply cannot accept
responsibility for a catastrophic and
irrational decision to separate children
in the first place and instead he blames
Congress so when they have no plane he
blames the the settlement when the
settlement has no blame and even if he
does retreat there are several thousand
children right now in this country
separated from their parents with
no effective plan by this administration
how to rewrite those children with their
parents either say let me just underline
the the news that you're making here
tonight and your and your report on your
conversation with the Justice Department
you're saying that the Justice
Department when it goes into court where
it will face you and on the other side
on the Flores case to modify it
one of MOT one of the modifications they
want is that they will be able to put
children in unlicensed facilities and
you indicated that those unlicensed
facilities could be on military bases
which links up to one portion of the
executive order the the Homeland
Security Secretary of course is
mentioned in the executive order but
surprisingly the Secretary of Defense is
the other cabinet member along with the
Attorney General mentioned in this
executive order and in that part of the
executive order it says the Secretary of
Defense shall take all legally available
measured measures to provide upon
request any existing facilities
available for the housing and care of
alien families and shall construct such
facilities if necessary and consistent
with law and your indications from the
Justice Department is one of the reasons
they want to be able to use military
facilities for these children is that
they can then escape the state and local
licensing procedures that they might
otherwise have to deal with exactly
under the Flores settlement it not only
calls for the humane treatment of
children and for treatment that takes
into account their unique
vulnerabilities as children it also very
clearly says in in some detail that if
you are going to detain children beyond
a short period of time that they're in
Border Patrol custody early on after
being apprehended they have to be
detained in a facility that is licensed
which basically means in in so many
words that the staff of that facility
the people that are running
facility that they have training and
they have guidelines that deal with the
safety and well-being and the
psychological well-being and the health
of the children being held in that
facility and what the cold to me from
the Department of Justice indicated
today is that when they go into court
and they told me it could be as soon as
tomorrow that one of the things that
they would like to have reversed or
vacated as long as the Flores agreement
is that requirement that children be
held in my son's facilities that could
obviously have a very very detrimental
effect on the well-being the health and
the safety of these children whether
they're whether they are detained with
or without their parents thanks for
checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
