several major international stories we
are following the first the story that
we reported at the top of the hour the
release of Andrew Brunson he is the
American evangelical from North Carolina
held in Turkey for more than two years
NBC's chief foreign correspondent
Richard Engel is in turkeys in Istanbul
Richard tell us how this came about well
this is a a long and fascinating story
really so pastor Brunson who'd been a
longtime resident in in Turkey was
arrested about two years ago and he was
accused of being in contact with what
Turkey considers terrorists Kurdish
militant groups and with people who
Turkey believes were responsible for
launching a failed coup against the
president air Dewan so he was charged
with very serious crime supporting
terrorists and supporting coup plotters
he denied this the US State Department
denied it but he has been in jail and
then later in house arrest for two years
and there have been efforts to release
him there have been efforts a lot of
pressure put on Turkey from the United
States to secure his release and there
was an attempt a couple of months ago
where the u.s. thought it was pretty
close to to a deal and then we're told
that the deal went south because frankly
president Trump issued some some tweets
insulting Turkey the president of Turkey
air Dewan took that as a personal insult
and the positions became more retrenched
and the pastor remained in custody now
he today a judge just sentenced him but
sentence him to time served and let him
go and he is in the process of getting
out of this country and I don't think
the timing is a coincidence because of
what has just happened allegedly
happened at the Saudi consulate over a
week ago where I am right now Turkey
needs friends Turkey needs the United
States turkey needs to give the
impression that it is building an
international consensus against what it
believes was a Saudi murderer on Turkish
soil and does not want to
front Saudi Arabia alone wants to have
powerful friends wants to at the United
States and I think that's why it was
very keen to put this old problem behind
it hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
