kristen welker I want to come back to
you because again as we continue to talk
about this executive order that the
president is as indicate he's going to
side something noteworthy happening over
the past hour and I don't think we
should lose sight of it this is not a
president who typically admits defeat
but on a number of levels here from the
outside at least it would seem as if
President Trump is is is waving the
white flag to a certain extent on this
issue he is capitulating again just a
few hours ago or 24 hours ago he seemed
to really be digging in his heels and
now all of a sudden the president is
saying you know what I I can't I can't
handle these images we should stop were
you not we should stop separating these
children from their parents is am I
reading that wrong or is this Donald
Trump capitulated I think you hit the
nail on the head Craig and I think this
is frankly the first time we have seen
President Trump back down reversed
course since he has taken office this is
someone who is a self-described counter
puncher he never backs away from a tough
fight and by all indications and based
on all of my conversations with
administration officials he had no
intention of backing away from this
fight he was going to keep fighting he
ultimately felt as though this was the
only way to fix the catch-and-release
issue which Pete just mapped out but I
think that the political pressure became
too great Craig this is an issue that
yes appeals to some of his core
supporters but I think perhaps not
enough of them and I think you have a
lot of Republicans on Capitol Hill who
were very concerned about the impact on
them in the midterms what would it mean
would it mean that Democrats would in
fact take over the house because the
images which were being linked to this
administration and thereby to
Republicans were just so devastating so
I think that that was all a part of the
equation and then of course as we were
discussing earlier his family members
who weighed in but Craig there is no
doubt this is a first at the Trump White
House hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list
see lots of other great videos
