de 5:16 of the Trump administration and
we have breaking news from The
Associated Press tonight about those
migrant children on the border taken
from their families the AAP puts it this
way quote trump administration officials
have been sending babies and other young
children forcibly separated from their
parents at the us-mexico border - at
least three what are called tender age
shelters in South Texas The Associated
Press has learned we will have more on
that later on in this broadcast meantime
the president remains firm about
sticking to the zero-tolerance policy of
separating these families at the border
he said this tonight quote homeland
security secretary Nielson did a
fabulous job yesterday
at the press conference explaining
security at the border and for our
country while at the same time
recommending changes to obsolete and
nasty laws which force family separation
we want heart and security in America
secretary Neilson was treated to a less
enthusiastic review when she chose to
dine tonight in Washington at a Mexican
restaurant of all places
the Secretary was escorted out to
awaiting SUV the immigration crisis at
the u.s. southern border is testing the
relationship between the president and
his party the pictures of migrant
children taken from their parents are
fueling new fears among Republicans
about the impact on voters in November
tonight the president met with House
Republicans at the Capitol to discuss
pending immigration bills and then some
including a possible solution to end
family separation the president heard
not a single voice in opposition
a few House Democrats were there to make
sure the president knew how they felt
good separating the kids are separating
the children mr. president don't you
have yet again the President of the
United States being in effect heckled by
members of Congress and the other party
tonight extraordinary sight on the hill
congressman Billy long of Missouri was
in that GOP meeting sent out this photo
of it via Twitter the president gave his
brief assessment as he left the hill
these are laws that have been broken for
many years decades so we had a great
thank you NBC News is reporting the
president told House GOP that he's
backing their effort to pass an
immigration bill and essentially quote
gave his endorsement to two bills won by
House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte
Republican of Virginia that's popular
with immigration hardliners and a second
compromise measure that reflects a deal
between conservatives and moderates both
of which House leaders are likely to put
on the floor Thursday the compromise
bill does reverse Trump's zero tolerance
policy a vote on the bills again
expected later this week will see the
Senate is also trying to work out
legislation to quickly end the crisis at
the border Utah senator Orrin Hatch
along with 11 of his GOP colleagues
written to Attorney General Jeff
Sessions to stop family separations
until such time as Congress can pass a
law Senate Democrats insist it's up to
the President to end this have a heart
for a change take that goddamn can't a
pan of yours and do away with this
horrendous inhumane policy of yours that
rips children from the arms of their
parents earlier today it became clear
the president does not favor the kind of
quick fix he alone can bring about with
a simple phone call here is part of his
speech to the National Federation of
Independent businesses we don't want
people pouring into our country we want
them to come in through the process
through the legal system and we want
ultimately a Merritt Bay
system people that come in violate the
law they endanger their children in the
process and frankly they endanger all of
our children you see what happens with
ms-13
I don't want judges I want border
security these countries that we give
tremendous far and aid to in many cases
they send these people up and they're
not sending their finest is that sound
familiar remember I made that speech
that I was badly criticized oh what's so
terrible what he said turned out I was a
hundred percent right that's why I got
elected and before that speech there was
this from the president's Twitter feed
Democrats are the problem
they don't care about crime and want
illegal immigrants no matter how bad
they may be to pour into and infest our
country like ms-13 they can't win on
their terrible policies so they view
them as potential voters meanwhile the
government agencies on the front lines
at the border the Department of Homeland
Security Health and Human Services today
said that since May 5th over 2,300 kids
have been separated from their parents
there's another crisis emerging
immigration courts on the border now
overflowing look at this this photos
from a hearing today at the Federal
Building in Brownsville Texas
immigration advocates are calling what's
happening here mass trials where parents
often plead to be reunited with their
children they point to this picture
published by the website the intercept
members of trumps administration are
continuing to take the heat for their
bosses decisions we want to show you the
acting head of Immigration and Customs
Enforcement better known by the more
robust sounding acronym of ice he is
about to retire and during an interview
with wolf blitzer earlier today he might
have been wishing he already had is this
new zero-tolerance policy that the
president has supported that the
Attorney General announced is it humane
I think I I think it's the law as it may
be the law it's the policy but is it
humane I think it's the law and I'm long
forced on
falala let's bring in our leadoff panel
on a Tuesday night from Washington
Phillip Rucker Pulitzer Prize winning
White House bureau chief for the
Washington Post
Jill Colvin White House reporter for The
Associated Press and here in New York
John Heilemann co-author of Game Change
and DoubleDown and co-host of the circus
on Showtime in addition to being a
veteran journalist himself Jill a lot of
your reporting today painted a portrait
up to when including the existence of
these tender-age centers tonight but
painted a portrait of a president going
it alone
absolutely this is a president right now
who you know he's actually I think a
little bit torn here on one hand this is
a president who feels like he is under
attack who feels like he's going into
the midterm elections and that
immigration is his issue he's told folks
around him that he's worried that the
lack of progress on the wall is going to
make him look quote weak and that he
feels like this is a winning issue for
him if he's able to hammer this going
into the midterms something that makes
his base very excited it's something
that's going to help them turn out it's
gonna be something that's beneficial to
him at the same time and the president
spoke very briefly this morning or this
evening I'm sorry two members of
Congress as you said he didn't take
questions
he was very meandering he talked about a
number of different things sources in
the room have told my colleagues and I
but Trump did at one point during that
conversation acknowledged he said that
he had been spoken to you by his eldest
daughter Ivanka Trump and that she had
told him that this was a potentially
negative issue for him and that he
worried that it might quote look bad and
that there was a political downside to
this so it seems we're at a moment right
here where the president is
acknowledging that this is something
that might have some kind of negative
impact on him and Phil Rucker in the
midst of this the president goes down to
Capitol Hill to meet with the home team
what can you tell us about that
gathering well first of all Brian it's
been a remarkable day because the
president is trying to wish people would
pretend like he has nothing to do with
what's happening at the border he's
blaming it on Congress he's demanding
that Congress pass a law to change the
policy that his own administration is
implemented he's a guy who ran on I
alone
fix it and now he's saying he can't do
anything to fix it even though he can so
he goes to Capitol Hill tonight for this
closed-door meeting with Republicans
House Republicans and he leaves them not
sure which of the two immigration bills
they're considering he actually supports
he said I support you he said he wants
to change this policy he talked about
how bad the family separation has been
but he did not give any clear direction
or game plan for Republicans to
legislatively fix what's happening
what's playing out hour by hour at the
border and he gave sort of a Marant
meandering performance and at one point
attacked mark Sanford an incumbent
Republican congressman who just lost his
primary campaign in South Carolina
Sanford was not in the room but Trump
went after him in front of his
colleagues called him a nasty guy and
even drew some boos from some of the
members of Congress this is what people
in the room were telling my colleague
Josh Stassi and that's a pretty
remarkable moment for the president on
the home team John Heilemann a few
anonymous boos from the back of the room
is the closest thing the president faced
today to any pushback with the letter R
after it I want to show you part of the
night that unfolded on cable television
and it's it's been a wild one this is
first to surrogates for Trump
Steve quartz has and Corey Lewandowski
from tonight you come across our border
without permission you are an invader
there's no other word I read today about
a ten year old girl with Down syndrome
who was taken from her mother and put in
a cage I read about a a they just they
won't want to a ten year old with Down
syndrome anything you John that's what
passes for the Cable News discourse this
evening yeah it's been a tough day and
it's been a tough this since the story
started it's been a tough thing for
everyone I think to absorb into and to
to get their heads around and
and I think what you saw there when
Corey Lewandowski when you saw there
with the Trump surrogate is the fact
that and Rachel was talking about this
earlier on our air tonight and Phil
Rucker talked about earlier on our air
alert also the Trump ministration wants
this fight everything about this right
now so far they have enjoyed they they
like the liberal outrage they like the
mainstream outrage they like that this
is a fight that they are courting and
we've seen reporting about at the New
York Times and elsewhere this is an
issue the Trump wants to run on this is
an issue that and I think he's wrong
about the politics and I'll say why in a
second but they are enjoying this this
is not a moment of from tension in the
White House this is not a moment of
unease this is not a moment of conflict
this is not a moment where the president
sitting around I think you know in a
state of founding ambivalence about
what's going on these are the politics
that he wants right now I think that the
pictures were about to see when there's
the pictures they've already been
devastating to the administration I
think when we see these tender age
shelters as they're calling them babies
and toddlers in in similar kinds of
facilities we've seen already the
pictures they have been explicitly
hiding from us for days those pictures
are going to be horrible you're right
that Republicans did not confront him in
that meeting but we are now seeing
Republican senators sending the
president letters and and putting this
on his doorstep we are now seeing
Republican governors saying they will
not send or are pulling back National
Guard from the border and and finally I
think that that you know we saw Stephen
Miller today in The New York Times
saying this is a 90/10 issue for the
president if you define this as secure
borders versus unsecure borders and open
borders it's a 90/10 issue the
president's on the right side the way
this issue is unfolding is not like that
right now it's not close to a 90/10
issue because this is not a discussion
about secure borders anymore this is
discussion about about child abuse and
the foot the combination of the
photographs and the fact that his party
is for the first time I believe really
starting in kind of a significant way to
turn against him maybe not as loudly as
we would like them in some cases or to
his face but at least we're seeing
Republican senators Republican governors
as I said a second ago the Trump but the
the the a mend chorus that the party has
become for him is is really nervous
about this right now and I think that
what we're what they are going to
discover is that this is not a 90/10
issue for them at all and in fact that
they are on the wrong side of this issue
politically
they are miss playing this horribly in
addition to being grotesque in the the
kind of morals and decency Department
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
