we are joined now here in Brownsville
Texas by Efrain holo-virus is the
director of racial and economic justice
program at the Texas Civil Rights
Project also with us jonathan ryan
executive director of for the refugee
and immigrant center for education and
legal services and athelia de los santos
a retired attorney working for the
Catholic Diocese of Brownsville as
director of jail ministry and
Immigration Services and athelia that
place that they're calling Casa
Presidente Presidente
you've told me that there's evidence
that there are infant babies there
because there's evidence of diapers that
going in and coming out of the facility
how long have we known that that's just
been within the last month after I
talked to you I made another call to a
source that we have in there are 11 mas
o menos more or less 11 babies in
transit resident and so 11 babies you
also believe that there are young girls
yes there are because at one time it was
all young girls 15 16 17 year-olds I
know that for a fact and some of them
have been moved to make room for the
toddlers and babies coming in and so now
there's there's a range of girls in age
direct from infant baby diapers babies
and is that the only facility that we
know about that has girls no the earlier
facility combs Esperanza combs we went
out there and took some we did an
interview with one of our volunteers
that one has baby salsa and what do you
think if the first lady decided to come
down here tomorrow to look at that
facility to see how the babies are being
treated how the little girls are being
treated what do you think she would
discover
I'm not sure but she can't get in she
well I think the first lady shows up she
will get in you can't get in we can't
get in it seems like no one lower
ranking than the President or the first
lady couldn't get in but I think if she
knocked on the door she might be able to
show us what's happening I would hope
that she would find them in good health
and Jonathan the this report that we're
getting tonight I don't get the reaction
to it that they are they are talking
about three facilities for what sounds
like infant babies and toddlers it's
it's mind-blowing and I think that the
insidious part of this process requires
one to take a step back and look not
just at the facilities where these
children are being held many people can
walk in and see bright bedspreads can
see an arts and crafts room and think
okay this is fine but what is behind
those walls is a large-scale immigration
deportation process that's being
undertaken against each and every
individual one of those children they
are being thrown into immigration court
in many cases with no attorney and
they're asked to plead their cases we
have gone to tour just to stop there for
a second just so the audience
understands the scene we're talking
about you're actually talking about a
five-year-old being in one of these
judicial proceedings being asked to
represent an answer for himself or
herself that's exactly right
I myself of sat in court and seen
children with their little feet dangling
from the respondents chair not touching
the floor little glitter shoes and a
dress and a judge leading over his bench
in order to see her so as to speak with
her all they can discuss is what is your
name that's a pretty dress but
nevertheless there is a lot of money
being spent by our government in the
sole design of deporting each and every
one of these children these judges
actually think these are real
fact-finding
procedures when they've got a
four-year-old sitting in front of them
without an attorney well I don't have to
tell you what I think I know that one
immigration judge recently testified
that he believed that toddlers as young
as three or four years old who received
these know your rights presentations
from groups like racists in these
shelters are perfectly aware and
equipped to follow along the proceedings
it's absolutely absurd it would be
laughable if it wasn't so sad and the
president and his administration were
insisting that what they're doing now
that they've only started doing in April
late April in May they were never doing
it before but they just started doing it
they're insisting that this is the law
and they have absolutely no choice they
don't explain why they had a choice
before April and why they don't have a
choice now but because they're saying
they don't have a choice they are now
talking about building opening new
facilities for infant babies because
they have never had to deal with this
number of infant babies before because
this is a new policy right and it's
outrageous that in 2018 in America we're
talking about building interment camps
because that's what these are and when
they keep claiming that the law requires
the family separation as you point out
they don't specify what law requires
that because there's absolutely no law
that requires that is this
zero-tolerance policy that the executive
branch the Attorney General could
rescind today with the stroke of a pen
what do you think we should call these
places because I've been in jails I've
been in prisons and people want to use a
phrase like detention center there's
there's a kind of diseases of the
language is being cleansed when you have
cages and when you have locks and the
conditions that I'm seeing in here these
are what would be considered jails in
any other setting what would you call
them I am jail ministry for the Diocese
of Brownsville and I've been assigned to
minister to these children so what do
you think the right term is for these
places I think that their jails if
you're locked in a box and you can't get
out you're in jail I think that anybody
in that situation would feel that way
but now when we're seeing these tent
facilities now we're talking about
something that act
is different from jail because it is a
lower level it is less commodious than a
jail for example there's no possibility
of say air conditioning or different
things that some jails have and so these
things start to look like camps the kind
of kind of camps that live in infamy in
our history their internment camps we
saw the images of those tent cities in
tornadoes those are internment camps in
tornado affiliate the the the the the
knowledge that the President of the
United States could stop all of this
tomorrow is that is that something that
everyone involved in this struggle
understands that is that something that
the people the adults anyway that are
being held under these conditions
understand oh absolutely I heard an
interview earlier today on on your this
very channel where the lady says that
she would ask mr. Trump to soften his
heart to start thinking more humanely
that they are human beings so they
understand exactly where it's coming
from and who can stop it and Jonathan
the president is getting advice from
people who've never been to these places
and they are the ones the strongest
voices about how to handle this if you
could have a few seconds with the
president what would you tell him I
would challenge any person to step up
and step in to one of these facilities
step into court and if you dare try to
represent one of these children one of
these families in these cases it won't
just change your mind it'll change your
life
to undergo that experience we work with
many pro Bono's and oftentimes those
attorneys are conservative Republicans
who seek to engage in this work and many
times these are some of the people whose
minds are the most blown by these
experiences because they see
sometimes the first time in their lives
a government that simply doesn't make
sense that appears to be putting cruelty
above justice for the mere sake of
sending a message a message of
deterrence and a message of diss welcome
not just to these refugees but to all
immigrants all people of color all
minorities living in this country
everyone understands this message it's
not a dog whistle it's a blow horn from
what does it feel like it for you people
who've been working on these issues
year in and year out to now have the
kind of attention the country's
attention that the border has not had
before well it's it's good that we're
having this visit so that people who are
interested in making the policy
decisions can see what is really
happening the congressmen the Senators
who were here this week and last week
it's good to have the decision-makers
here so they can see it from the for
themselves and not just you know be
reading about it but hear the stories
from the parents who have been separated
from their children it's particularly
heart-wrenching having to stop the
interview
halfway through because the mom cannot
stop crying thinking of the prospect of
perhaps not seeing her five-year-old
daughter again
it does feel seem like what is happening
here is finally reaching into the hearts
of Americans all over the country
Efrain olivarez Jonathan Brian philia
that was Santos thank you all for
starting us off in our discussion
tonight thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
