let's go to MSNBC's Mariana Atencio
who's just across the border in Reynosa
Mexico
and Mariana there's been lots of reports
that people essentially stacked up
awaiting entry at that proper port of
entry and being turned back what are you
seeing there Chris I heard from one
mother who says she was turned back and
they come to this shelter where they
basically find themselves in limbo this
is a shelter in Reynosa Tamaulipas one
of the most dangerous cities in Mexico
were these migrant mothers from Honduras
from Guatemala from in Salvador tell me
that they're having to weigh this
incredibly difficult decision of whether
or not to cross to the United States
they say for the sake of their children
there is a church service going on
behind me because the priest that heads
the shelter is trying to give these
families some hope you have these kids
some structure they're about 60 people
here essentially waiting this out and I
want to introduce you to one of these
mothers this is Patricia and her little
407 years old
a little boy what kind of violence in
fleeing from in your country kitty boy
your name second violence that is
killing us and in being a young boy you
don't have a future there a young boy
like her son who is seven and Chris boys
as young as nine and ten get recruited
by these Madigan's in Central America
but he said what is your message to the
Trump administration you've been waiting
out here for two weeks and human being
thank you so much Patricia and Chris I
want to point out to this Bible that she
is clinging to a Bible that has been
cited by the Attorney General as the
justification of some sort for this
policy of separating families Chris
MSNBC's Maria and Mariana Atencio thank
you for that that was really really
important to see hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on youtube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
