the human toll of the Trump
administration policy of separating
children from their parents at the
border is evident in the cries of those
children
earlier today I went to the border to
meet Jennifer Harbor if she's a civil
rights attorney and she is the one who
obtained that very audio recording I
asked her how she got well there was a
whistleblower who made the tape
recording that person made it directly
that person brought it to me we had a
legal consultation about different
issues and the whistleblower asked me to
make it available to the press which I
did and that tape was taken in in the
ursula center in the McCallum I cannot I
can't disclose which I say Customs and
Border Patrol offices it was it was
taken in it was taken in a place where
children are being separated from their
parents and was taken in the last few
days I think maybe it's useful you
you've been down here doing this work
here on the border for 40 years yeah
okay maybe can you tell us what what's
changed in the last say six weeks under
this what the administration calls
zero-tolerance policy what have you seen
first I have never in 40 years seeing
children separated from their parents
it's unheard of for a misdemeanor I mean
the next time you get a parking ticket
do you expect your children to be taken
away really we have never seen people
piled up on the bridge asking for asylum
which is the legal way to do it they're
following the laws completely they're
legally requesting nowadays they're not
allowed to sit in the big
air-conditioned waiting room where
there's bathrooms and stuff they had to
sleep with their children on the cement
sidewalk two weeks 16 days in rentals on
the Reynosa bridge and over in Roma that
lasted for about three weeks there was a
three-month-old baby that went to a
hospital the the argument of the
administration is if you don't cross it
a port of entry that is illegal that is
not protected under international Asylum
law when people go to ports of entry
which are the border crossings with a
border checkpoint and all the stuff and
you come and you say I'm from Guatemala
I'm here seeking asylum all of this is
aimed at shoving people back to the
countries they came from and letting
them die there
number one you tap on the door and say
I'm here at the beginning of last year
and now in many places including El Paso
and Brownsville
but they're most likely to say is go
away we won't do it and let me just be
clear is that new it happened a little
bit last year at the beginning of the
Trump administration that has never
happened before okay so that's complete
that is a new thing that happened with
it when people would present themselves
for asylum being told essentially no
room at the end gotta hear and this is
because as far as you can tell someone
has sent word down to CBP the frontline
CBP officers who are Manning these ports
of entry to say for the first time that
you've been doing this work in 40 years
you cannot come in there saying we will
not let you apply for asylum if they
aren't sleeping on the bridge now what a
lot of the Border Patrol agents are
doing is saying we're gonna come Mexican
immigration to come drag you away and
people are terrified of that so they're
running back to the safe houses in
Reynosa which you're not safe at all
they're our number one target for
kidnapping by the cartels right so
that's this is really important so the
squeeze here is two things are happening
one is at the ports of entry
increasingly they're just not letting
people come in to apply for asylum
people are then desperate they made this
journey up from northern triangle they
then go back find out call you up they
cross somewhere else right and then
that's when if they're apprehended and
they present for a second punish that's
of their children and not only that
they're punished in an additional weight
if they come legally right if they make
it through the hot cement sidewalks and
everything and get to you know get
through they're credible fear interview
which means they have a reasonable claim
a right to be heard by the judge then as
of last year it had been less and less
than people like that we're being
released on parole or bond and that
means if you have no criminal record you
have clear ID your fingerprints come
back clean and you have a number of US
citizen or LPR relatives who will take
care of you then you go live with them
while your case goes through for a year
or two they stop doing that only some
women who were pregnant were allowed out
and for a long time women with children
but people like an 18 year old who had
come running up here because both of his
brothers had been killed by the cartel
he went to Port Isabel detention center
those are exactly like prisons they're
not they're supposed to be civil
detention centers they're not even
they're not even partitions between the
toilet
they're they're not allowed to touch one
another to comfort each other if someone
gets news that a relative has just been
murdered and is crying if they try to
hug them or anything they're told get
back and we'll put you in the hole so if
you go by the river your kids will be
taken away huge punishment if you walk
across the bridge you may get turned
back all together and kidnapped at the
foot of the bridge or if you're lucky
enough to finally get across the bridge
you may get to sleep there or if you
actually get in and pass you're credible
fear interview so you're gonna at least
get before an immigration judge someday
you can spend two years in prison and
what a lot of people do after being in
there long enough they give up and they
go back to the dangers they fled and
they do get killed which is of course
the entire point of the policy Jennifer
thank you so much hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click Subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
