Donald Trump's orders to split up
families at the border is not some
accident or collateral damage from a
broader strategic plan it is the goal of
his administration when you see these
images of crying toddlers or hear the
voices of six-year-olds wailing as they
come to grips with border agents
detaining them and hauling away their
parents you are seeing and hearing this
policy as intended by Jeff Sessions memo
directing this crackdown on migrants
with quotes zero tolerance for the
humanitarian exceptions that
administration's in both parties
previously applied we all know Trump
campaigned on this kind of crackdown we
know he got many of these ideas from
Jeff Sessions who was actually the very
first senator to endorse Trump
where did sessions get these ideas
that's the focus of our accountability
report right now because as America
looks in horror at what is being done in
our name we must also reckon with who is
doing it
accountability of course starts at the
top with President Trump and attorney
general sessions but it doesn't end
there
beyond the Attorney General and Trump
cabinet members who oversee these
policies there is the architect who
helped create them a 32 year old former
aide to Jeff Sessions who drives Trump's
immigration policy and to see how the
u.s. ended up in this situation we're in
tonight traumatizing children by choice
as we as a nation face these allegations
of human rights violations you also have
to see how Stephen Miller got us here
and that history could inform I'll rode
out of this mess
there's a famous saying a problem well
stated is a problem half solved and many
experts say Stephen Miller is the root
of this problem he holds a radical view
contradicted by our Constitution a view
that is actually more lawless than it is
traditionally American it is a view he
states that on immigration President
Trump has unlimited powers that will not
be questioned our opponents the media
and the whole world will soon see as we
begin to take further actions that the
powers of the President to protect our
country are very substantial and will
not be questioned Miller was incorrect
about
that travel ban he was discussing there
well it's marked not only operational
chaos but was later halted and narrowed
by the courts Trump forced to respond to
that questioning if you will with a
revised travel ban the Supreme Court is
expected to rule on that this month but
apart from ideology Miller's competence
has also been questioned his own
co-workers and allies concluded he
wasn't fully competent to keep working
on the travel ban the guardian noting he
was removed from the process of writing
the revised ban and fellow conservatives
called out Miller for hurting Trump by
rushing out other immigration plans that
were not competently vetted for legal
scrutiny people are gonna make mistakes
I think you saw that with Stephen Miller
and that rushed out ban on Muslims that
was not that really a ban on Muslims you
have to really attribute that failed
push at a travel ban to people like
Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller who
crafted this thing reportedly crafted
this thing without really running it
through the legal checks when Congress
was working towards negotiating
immigration reform which Donald Trump
claims this week he wants action on well
even Republican senators took the rare
step of calling out Miller as a staffer
by name as long as David Miller's in
charge
negotiating immigration we're going
nowhere going nowhere now other
observers say Miller doesn't mind these
critiques or he may even relish them
because he's not interested in
traditional public interest policymaking
they argue that kind of like Steve
Bannon he actually views policy as kind
of a spectacle no matter who gets hurt
some have written that he sees a value
in constructive controversy which he
thinks will bring enlightenment long
before Trump trolling even became a
political phrase Miller used a combative
trolling style in high school when
running for student council
plenty of janitors paid to pick up the
trash for you now that is just a high
school statement although he's young so
that was only about a decade and a half
ago and it connects because Miller
deploys a pretty similar style today I
am shocked at your statement that you
think that only people from Great
Britain and Australia would know English
is actually it reveals your cosmopolitan
bias to a shocking degree okay you're
not answering the questions yeah I
understand you have 24 hours a day of
Aunt Stephen cereal you're not gonna
give three minutes for the American
people
the real experience one viewer that you
care about right now and you're being
obsequious
by being a fan totem in order to please
him no now when Congress appeared closer
to an immigration compromise back in
2013 it was Miller than an aide to Jeff
Sessions who worked hard to block any
breakthrough by playing up the threat of
immigration to Congress and reporters
alike he had some sense of where the GOP
base was headed he worked with Steve
bannon's Breitbart which was a
lesser-known outlet back then to try to
shape public perceptions about immigrant
crime now that was long before Donald
Trump was in charge of the GOP in the
country it is a clue though that viewing
Trump's actions and this border crisis
as only about Trump could leave us
missing the wider dynamics that he's
tapping into a growing antipathy towards
immigrants in the US as well as all of
the drama across Western Europe and fear
about job losses in crime now many
people have been lying about the threats
immigration poses to the US and some of
those same people now lying about
immigration policy - that's the law and
that's what the Democrats gave us the
Democrats forced that law upon our
nation we can either release all illegal
immigrant families and minors who show
up at the border from Central America or
we can arrest the adults for the federal
crime
of illegal entry Congress and the courts
created this problem and Congress alone
can fix it it is telling that both Trump
and his DHS secretary who run this
policy are busy lying about it as we
just showed
now these lies are kind of admission
they may now realize this is a bad move
either politically or morally and they'd
rather now deny it than work on fixing
it we know there are lying because we
have the facts the zero tolerance policy
is written and it's public and Stephen
Miller's own boss contradicted Trump's
lie in a new Fox interview admitting the
abuse of children is part of the
policies goal of creating yes this big
buzzword a deterrent a deterrent I see
that if the fact that no one was being
prosecuted for this as they factor in a
five-fold increase in four years in this
kind of illegal immigration so yes
hopefully people will get the message
and come through the border at the port
of entry and not break break across the
block unlawfully if you are keeping
score here is where we are tonight Trump
and his DHS Secretary lying about this
Jeff Sessions trying to have it both
ways but admitting at least under
questioning what the goal is the
deterrent and Stephen Miller the
original architect not pretending this
policy is anything but a clear and
simple move to provide zero tolerance
for these families and other
humanitarian considerations I should
mention we've reached out to Miller for
comment and to come on the beat he's
declined
two days ago though he publicly said in
the New York Times that splitting
families is a simple decision by the
Trump administration to have a
zero-tolerance policy for a legal entry
period a simple decision there's a
cruelty in those three words even by the
standards of 2018 and I think it does
lay bare part of how we got here and why
this problem does run deeper than the
spectacle of one Donald Trump you've
seen the pictures people are suffering
tonight but tomorrow's story has not
been
written yet there is a potential for a
reckoning right now for this nation to
reflect and what we want done in our
name and who we want leading these
decisions immigration and Asylum
dilemmas are not typically black and
white to be certainly fair from what the
world owes the 5.6 million Syrian
refugees right now to what the world did
about roughly 60 million innocent
Europeans displaced during World War two
it's not as if seriously looking at
those problems and that instructive
history leaves any particularly policy
or particular nation coming out perfect
but let's be clear no one with any real
experience reckoning with those
challenges from the families who lived
it to the humanitarian workers who tried
to help to lawyers and judges who deal
in the thicket of asylum law every day I
don't think any of those people would
seriously state that these kind of calls
about law and mercy about life and death
that these are simple decisions and
those calls in those crises I mentioned
Syria world war two that's a long way
from a proactive Trump US government
policy splitting children from their
parents as a tool of deterrence which of
course may be a euphemism for
intimidation so as citizens as we decide
what to do each day about any potential
reckoning I think the most devastating
thing you can probably say about Donald
Trump and Stephen Miller right now isn't
a criticism it's not an attack the most
devastating thing is just their words
stacked up against the results of their
deeds tonight let everyone see it and
hear it until we decide when it must
stop mr. Miller says separating these
families is a simple decision for zero
tolerance for a legal entry period
hey I'm already Melvin from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us
and we appreciate that
