we are just over an hour away from
what's expected to be an explosive
meeting between the President and
congressional Republicans who are
typically happy to follow Donald Trump
on his misguided policy choices and to
stay mostly silent on his own
presidential conduct but who today today
are finally trying to pump the brakes on
his zero-tolerance immigration policy
one that's left thousands of children
suffering in detention centers along the
border Trump's own party now panicking
in the face of the political blowback
underscored this morning by criticism
from of all papers The Wall Street
Journal hardly a message board for the
resistance which warns today quote trump
officials are defending the policy as a
deterrent to illegal entry but surely
they understand that separating parents
from children is morally unacceptable
and politically unsustainable if mr.
Trump wants to lose the house and risk
impeachment keep giving Democrats a
daily picture of children stripped from
their parents but Trump is answering the
police from the right as only Trump does
by digging in deeper and firing blame at
anyone standing in his way from
Democrats to the media to Republicans
who have offered up solutions well we
need his good legislation and we can
have it taken care of we have to get the
Democrats to go ahead and work with us
what I'm asking Congress to do is to
give us a third option the legal
authority to detain and properly remove
families together as a unit we have no
wall we have no border security without
a border you don't have a country the
fake news media back there doesn't talk
about that they're fake
they are helping they are helping these
smugglers and these traffickers like
nobody would believe they know it they
know exactly what they're doing and it
should be stopped and with the president
firmly dug in on a policy of forcibly
separating children from their parents
at the border it's time to draw the
obvious parallel to what this moment may
represent for this White House having
served on the White House staff during
Hurricane Katrina and its tragic
aftermath there are clear parallels to
the situation the Trump administration
finds itself in now - the natural
disaster and president eager to right
the ship with the do crises share
inescapable images that capture the
nation's attention and overshadow other
news a slow response from the federal
government a deficient message and
deficient messengers a perception that
racial discrimination is at play and
most importantly no end in sight all
suggesting that for Trump this crisis
will be more than just another stain on
an administration tinged by incompetence
for Trump this crisis may be defining
joining us today from the Washington
Post White House bureau chief Phil
Rucker here on set Annie Carney White
House reporter for Politico Jen Palmieri
former communications director for the
Clinton campaign and the Obama White
House and Matt Miller former chief
spokesman for the Justice Department fo
Rucker let me start with you and just
put you on the spot do folks at the
White House know how bad this is well
they know how bad the media coverage has
been they certainly acknowledge that
it's been a pretty difficult story for
them publicly but they're digging in and
they're defending this not only publicly
but privately I was over at the White
House this morning talking to a few
senior officials who said there's really
very little unease inside that building
about what's playing out they feel like
it's been mischaracterized they feel
like the facts are on their side of
course secretary Nielsen the DHS
secretary yesterday had a lot of
misleading and untrue facts but
nevertheless they feel confident in what
the administration is doing and they
feel like it's up to Congress to try to
fix this problem in private they're just
simply echoing what pres
Trump has been saying in public it's
stunning that they view this as a story
these are babies being ripped from the
arms of their parents this isn't a story
this is a humanitarian crisis along the
border of their own creation was there
any reaction to Laura Bush and Michelle
Obama and The Wall Street Journal and
Republicans in Congress all sort of
failing as they typically do to follow
Donald Trump sort of down the rabbit
hole of his own delusions
well you're right in that they see it as
a story they view a lot of these things
as political sort of public relations
issues as he winning is he losing
because that's how the president sees so
much of this stuff and he's watching the
coverage he's been upset with some of
the criticism his son Donald trum jr.
canceled on a fundraiser that he was
going to be having next week with George
P Bush because of the tension between
the Bush family and the Trump the
operation over this policy issue and you
know they're frustrated by the criticism
out there but again they're they're
digging in they're doubling down they
feel like any time they're talking about
immigration it's a winning political
issue for President Trump because it's
what he campaigned on and and there are
really firm beliefs inside the West Wing
that they need to follow through and
continue enforcing this policy and and
make Congress be the ones to change the
law any County you've got some great
reporting where you get to all of it
about the dynamics between chief of
staff kelly and secretary nielsen but
but I want to first put up what the
editorial pages look like this morning
and this includes The Wall Street
Journal usually a safe space for the
president stop breaking up families at
the border from the New York Post also
often very friendly to Donald Trump from
the Weekly Standard all the
administration's bad excuses for it's
lousy immigration policy The Wall Street
Journal the GOP is immigration meltdown
Washington Post's New York Times do you
think that there's a reality check
coming or do you think at the end of the
day Republicans bend to the president's
will as they often do we haven't seen
that and off right and up yet with an
elected Republican lawmaker who has a
political future still at stake we've
seen it more with Republican governors
then we have done with Republicans on
the hill right Hogan and
a few others have a little more distance
and they've taken action they've pulled
their national yeah we've seen it from
governor's than my air from the hill on
the hill it's still the party of Trump
can I say one thing about the oricon
katrina comparison yeah i'm this has
been making people are making this
comparison a lot and i think one thing
that it forgets is that President Trump
had a hurricane katrina already it was
Puerto Rico worse and we can't just kind
of move on and call this is Katrina
moment when he literally had a Katrina
moment and I think it's it's an
excellent so it's respectful to the to
the people there and the images the case
they're there it's an excellent point
and the only parallel was their response
everyone is making this comparison and
and it's for the Trump administration we
can't forget that this is a crisis but
they've had another one already too and
it's the perfect point and a perfect
time to ask where are the grown-ups
inside the White House where are the
people that can say basically what would
any just said that we didn't fix our
last Katrina and you're now this one is
a as we said you know - a president
desperate to try to right the wrongs of
the initial response and and - the
actual storm you know sometimes in
administration's in campaigns and big
companies you can get into bunker
mentality where you feel that all the
world is out to get you that no one
understands you read I think in the New
York Times story today this weird idea
that the president is looking at other
images of the kids play Nintendo games
and thinks it's all going it's all going
well and that the pictures that are that
are being seen publicly are somehow
taken out of context despite the fact
that those are not those are not
journalists photos or the photos
released by the administration itself
they have hit this rare trifecta here
where they have gotten the morality the
policy and the politics of this issue
all wrong it's obviously immoral to
inflict cruelty like this on children
they've gotten the policy wrong where
you have these kids that are taken in a
way where they're having to build tent
cities because they weren't prepared for
it there seems to be no plan for how to
reunite them with their parents when
this is over I can guarantee you that
when this is all said and done they're
gonna be children that are lost and the
politics are now clearly wrong when you
see people like Mark Meadows and Ted
Cruz they're not liberal gadfly's people
who are breaking with the president and
they're saying something
needs to be done here they don't get it
in the white house and whether that's
their delusional or they're just being
obstinate
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
