welcome back everyone joining us now
from Washington DC with a look at acts
ESA I'm editor-in-chief for Axios
Nicholas Johnston I'm surprised you woke
up after your birthday yesterday late
night didn't that late alright well
listen let's let's start by asking what
is the one big thing for this morning
yeah good morning today's one big thing
is President Trump is now dealing in
real time with the consequences of its
policy decisions for most of his time in
public life when President Trump had
thoughts and ideas about policy about
taxes about trade about foreign
relations he was a businessman there was
no implications from that but now that
he's president when he makes those
decisions there are consequences and
he's facing them now some good like the
booming economy because of the track the
tax cuts and also some not so good such
as the strained relations with Europe
the escalating trade world with China
and of course this media firestorm
what's happening with kids at the border
so what does Axius now hearing about the
truffle ministrations inner thinking
regarding this policy as immigration
policy at they've been stood separating
children from their parents especially
as we're hearing all these calls from
within the GOP to end the policy yeah I
was here yesterday asking the question
wondering whether the media attention
would make Tremp Trump change his mind
on this issue I'm here this morning
saying the answer is no he is telling
people privately that he has not changed
planning on changing that position at
all on the zero tolerance as far as
treating families and children at the
border and he'll probably attend a
Republican meeting with House
Republicans later today and hammer that
point home probably to the joy of some
of the more conservative Republicans who
appreciate that of policy let's talk a
little bit about Kirsten Nielsen for a
moment because there are growing calls
for her to be fired or either to resign
a lot of it is coming from both sides of
the aisle really but what is axis
hearing about the Homeland Security
Secretary future she's been on the ins
and outs a little bit with President
Trump but right has he by the position
that she took yesterday at the White
House press briefing has she now won his
favor once again I think it's very clear
so we have no reporting specifically on
what Trump is feeling about her just
lately we know there's been tension in
the past chief of chat general Kelly is
a big fan of her he got her that job but
it is true historically a great way to
get yourself back in the president's
favor is to go on television defend his
policies and she did that
yesterday we've been talking about this
all our we had to immigration bills on
the docket starting tonight on the hill
it seems as if it's gonna be a stalemate
not like anything is going to move could
this take us all the way into the
midterm elections that's an interesting
question there's two bills that are
already out in the house that they're
gonna take out I don't see them moving
anywhere certainly not through this
Senate what I am watching for today is
legislative action specifically on this
issue of children at the border remember
senator Ted Cruz a very conservative
Republican introduced legislation on
that yesterday is there gonna be some
agreement in the Senate between
Democrats and Republicans on this issue
then we could see some very quick
legislative action Congress is hearing
the politics building up about this and
I think it's ready to act but certainly
this is gonna be something where we
talking about straight through the
November I gotta said only a lot of
people are holding their breath that
anything comes out of tonight's dinner
with the GOP on a possible fix for this
Nicholas Johnson great to have you with
us as always thank you very much and of
course we're gonna be reading Axios I am
in just a little bit you too can sign up
for the newsletter by going to sign up
access com hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
