let me start because there's a lot to
talk about with the president going to
the hill today tons of talk about
immigration and a lot of talk about this
policy of separating kids from parents
is that policy meant to be a deterrent
or not Howie I don't think it's so much
meant to be a deterrent is it's really
just trying to enforce a law and let me
go back and explain this today there's a
lot of misinformation on this so bear
with me for one second
1997 HHS Human Services worked with high
NS on a deal that says after 48 hours
children have to be handed over to HHS
and then within 20 days they're to be
released from detention centers 2008
that is codified into law for very good
intentions in many cases young children
are being used for sex trafficking and
so there is a sense that look the faster
we can get them into foster care the
better for those children but what that
crater also is an incentive to use
children as a way to get across the
border let's keep in mind a couple
things children and parents that come in
to ports of entry are not separated when
they seek asylum parents and children
coming across illegally are separated
because there are two choices one is to
separate in a prosecute the parent the
other is because you're required by law
to release them within 20 days you can
just release them into American society
and hope they come back for court date
our stats show that 90% never come back
for a court date so we have basically
two choices
release them into American society and
they never show up for court
or separate and prosecute the parent but
take care of the children in foster care
so that I think there's a there's a lot
that's being caught up in this and it's
finally being brought to light of the
challenges that Congress has created for
an administration to try to execute a
policy okay I want to give you obviously
the chance to be able to make your
argument and talk about the
administration's perspective here so let
me tick through a couple of things when
you look at the statistics in the first
five months of this year 191 kids were
believed to have been traveling with
adults who are not their parents there
are roughly two thousand plus kids who
have been separated from their parents
currently being detained so is the
argument then that the other 1800 kids
are simply the price that is paid for
trying to stop people from crossing the
border illegally is that just the price
that this country has to pay no no
that's not the
we're making Ally we are concerned about
those that are being used as pawns to
get across the border but again those
that are coming here in seek asylum and
come to a port of entry are protected
and kept with their family
it's those who are coming here illegally
and the choices do you release them and
say hey show up for a future court date
we have so few immigration judges
because Congress hasn't given us the
funding that your court date is six
months off
and we know from data 90% never show up
why is that any different from people
who are released on parole that are
expected to show up citizens of this
country
halli I think that there is a difference
between whether or not you're a citizen
or a non citizen but I think that in
cases of parole in many cases those
actually move more expeditiously than
what we were facing on the border
because we do not have enough
immigration judges that can actually get
to these cases you've made the legal
case you've talked about where you
believe that this administration is from
a legal perspective but let me just ask
you as a as a human person just morally
as a just person who lives on this
planet are you comfortable with the
things that you see and the things that
you hear halli none of us is we don't
like a situation stop it because because
we have me to put a pause on if Congress
gave us actually the tools to adjudicate
it they have not done that so you say
give a pause but the law says that
within a Ninth Circuit rule then within
20 days you must March the children
keeping the genitals releasing the whole
family 97 in the 2008 laws that have
been in place on this program but let me
just ask you this if you don't like this
if the president is not comfortable with
this he could stop this from happening
in five minutes he Crowley why did he do
that we have made the case to Congress
not just now but for the last 18 months
to say in any immigration bill include
resolution to the Flores settlement it
actually is in the house bills that the
president be going up to talking house
about today is it provides a solution
this that's what we've been asking for
so being able to find some sort of a
legislative fix I'm I want to make sure
that I'm paraphrasing you correctly
being able to find a long-term
legislative fix is more important to
this administration than the kids who
are being separated from their parents
on the border
definitely no it's not because now
because your basement safety what you're
saying no Holly listen to me you're
saying put a pause on it but the law
still says that within 20 days you must
release the children so basically you're
saying if you now if you're gonna keep
them together they're releasing the
parents and children and basically all
that doesn't continue more in cycle of
encouraging people to bring families
across the border illegally so if you're
gonna give us the tools to repeal that
20-day limit then yes we can put a pause
on it but until you actually do that
there is not a choice you have a choice
of separating them and frosty and the
parents are breaking the laws way they
entered the country or you can release
them into the American Society which is
what the last administration did and
data showed 90 percent never show up for
their court date so therefore you're not
actually securing the borders of our
country that's a false choice right
you're putting a binary in place that
doesn't actually exist because there is
another option what's the wait a second
mark but there would be another option
and this is not for me this is from the
reporting that we've done from people
you talk to you on Capitol Hill people
that I know you talked to Republican
lawmakers who are furious who say there
is another option and that is for the
president to stop this policy while they
work on a fix why is that not an option
because the law still stands that says
320 days the Ninth Circuit says you have
to release the children within ninety
within 20 within 20 days that is not
being effect you can't just pause it and
not fix that piece of it so Hallie what
you said is a hundred percent right it
is a binary choice that is the dilemma
that we face do that day that's not what
I said but B when you talk about this
policy potentially being a deterrent
that is what Jeff sessions has talked
about that is what John Kelly has talked
about it seems like you don't want to go
that far as to say this is a deterrent
but other administration officials are
if it
deterrent it is not working based on the
numbers that we have been seeing over
these last six weeks so when do you pull
the plug halli we we are happy to change
the policy when Congress gives us the
tools to do it
that's what we're asking for so no I'm
not accepting the premise that we're
using children as pawns in a deterrent
game what I am saying is that your
deterrent just a couple of minutes ago
what I am saying is that we've given the
law says 20 days as the number of days
that we have and there's no way
currently with the resources that are
there to adjudicate these cases in 20
days if they give us additional
resources that's one way worth they
repeal the forests settlement that was
codified in the law in 2008 that's
another option right
so right now those are the two options
and I understand what you're talking
about when it comes to the rules and the
laws that are in place but again I just
pulling back more broadly you have heard
I assume you've heard the audio of the
kids that are separated from their
parents crying does that not disturb you
of course it does how miserable then
with how this administration will be
judged in history based on this moment
none of us is comfortable with this this
is not a policy that people are excited
about heavily thank you for checking out
our YouTube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
