when you talk about whether or not this
policy is working this is where you're
gonna find out whether or not the
policies working we're at the foot of
the on-cell do us bridge this is one of
the most popular illegal crossing
destinations for migrants who are coming
here to turn themselves in illegally
during the Central American migrants
hundreds of migrants at a time would
come up roads just like this under this
bridge and present themselves to the
Border Patrol right here to turn
themselves in when you want to measure
whether or not family separation is
deterring people from coming into this
country this is where you're gonna
figure that out the Border Patrol tells
us so far we haven't seen anybody here
yet this morning but the Border Patrol
tells us so far we that it has not
slowed the flow of people coming into
this country let me show you around a
little bit about what's going on here
this is the bridge between Reynosa
Mexico and Mission Texas so Mission
Texas is out that way this is a flood
channel and that's a bush-era levee wall
project up there this is not a place
where people are going to come and
actually try to run from the Border
Patrol that's what they call impact
Able's out here in Border Patrol lingo
this is a place most people come to
declare asylum in action if we could
just walk a little bit down this way I
want to show you we're at the heart of
the Central American migrant crisis you
could get potentially a thousand people
in a day if not more coming into this
country they'd walk up from the rio
grande up roads just like this and
essentially hope that the Border Patrol
would come and find them and that's what
these families are hoping that the
Border Patrol comes out here to find
them and then brings them back into
detention what's obviously happening now
with the zero-tolerance policy those
families are getting separated in this
creating this crisis down on the border
again the Border Patrol says as of right
now in areas like this it has not
deterred people from crossing they
caution that the journey from Central
America often takes weeks at a time and
it hasn't had the impact yet the
messaging at least to slow people down
or make them decide that they're gonna
stop coming we have not seen anybody out
here yet but if the Border Patrol is
correct there going to be people
crossing through here today step Jacob
thank you so much for laying that out I
want people to understand that even
those who are crossing illegally they're
crossing and looking for Border Patrol
to find them so they can process
requests help us understand why there's
this increase in families and
unaccompanied minors what specifically
they're fleeing in Central America
because I think people here don't
understand the picture they're facing
violence basically I mean and actually
the violence that many of them are
fleeing in Central America is violence
that's perpetrated by gangs that
actually started in places like my
hometown Los Angeles when you hear about
ms-13 from President Trump or the 18th
Street gang barrio de Co Joe
in fact they stood here maybe a couple
months ago and I met families that came
here to seek asylum and one of them said
that they had been terrorized by barrio
de Ojo those are Los Angeles Street
gangs where the original members were
undocumented immigrants and deported to
Central America those gangs exploded in
those Central American countries and
terrorized communities down there it's
literally something that was exported
from the streets of Los Angeles down to
Central America and the violence that's
happening down there now is in large
part due to gangs that first roamed the
streets not of Central America but of
the city of Los Angeles and so it is
incorrect to hear the president say or
at least the attorney general that those
are the violence down there is something
that comes from that culture it's a
culture that started north of the border
and very specifically in Southern
California when you're here and when you
hear people present themselves to the
Border Patrol they say the names of the
gangs that started on the streets of Los
Angeles
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
