according to The Texas Tribune some
parents have told attorneys their
children were taken from them
immediately at the border others say
they were separated at processing
facilities and we have shown you some of
these facilities in the past few days
the government has provided reporters
videos they shot but they will not allow
us to shoot our own video or take our
own pictures please think about that
even if the children weren't in those
rooms if you wanted to say you wanted to
protect their privacy they won't let us
take any pictures but they did let
reporters inside for a tour and
reporters like our colleague Jacob
Soboroff toured a former Walmart in
Brownsville Texas that is currently
housing 1500 boys and he also toured a
processing center here in McAllen where
I am and Jacob says what he saw was much
much worse than the photos provided by
the government he says people are being
kept in wire cages there's a fact check
so let's get you caught up on the latest
we are hearing first the distressing
sounds of what these children are going
through after they have been taken from
their parents
ProPublica has released audio that was
obtained from a civil rights attorney
from inside a u.s. captain Customs and
Border Patrol facility NBC News has not
been able to independently verify its
authority anticipation to
but those young children's cries and
pleas for their parents are apparently
not moving president Trump he is
doubling down on his administration's
policy backed by homeland security
secretary kirsten nielsen the United
States will not be a migrant camp and it
will not be a refugee holding facility
won't be this administration did not
create a policy of separating families
at the border it's not a policy our
policy at DHS is to do what we're sworn
to do which is to enforce the law let me
make something clear Stephen Miller
called that a policy John Kelly called
it a policy we've heard it's a deterrent
we've heard that it's Democrats fault
and Kirsten Nielsen continues to say
it's a policy I asked the White House to
get themselves an order it absolutely is
this situation has prompted at least ten
Democrats to cause specifically for
Kirsten Nielsen resignation and there is
now a flurry of legislation in the works
and I want you to hear me on this from
both parties to end separations at the
border and both parties when I say
people who are immigration hawks say
this policy just is inhumane once again
a reminder this is not a law that needed
changing this is a Trump administration
policy hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
