let's go down to the border joining us
now from McAllen Texas ms NBC
correspondent mariana Atencio mariana
you've talked to mothers who've been
separated from their children at the
border what have you been hearing what
have you been seeing down there really
this is a completely new thing to this
administration it had not happened
during the Obama administration and it's
these mothers who cross the border
illegally with their children fleeing
those extremely high levels of violence
in Central America that you guys were
just discussing and then they're not
being prosecuted because zero tolerance
isn't still operating at a hundred
percent capacity here at the border but
they're still being separated from their
children the ones older than eight
inside facilities like the one behind me
that again is completely new we're
trying to understand why it's happening
these mothers separated from their kids
for several days and when you begin to
try to understand the psychological
trauma the impact on these kids and you
talk to them the ones that have been
separated for four or five days they
start sobbing immediately when they
recount the stories of separation so it
gives you a window as to what these
other thousands of kids are going
through when they endure longer periods
of separation I want to play a little
bit of my conversation with a mother
Christina who was separated from her ten
year old and her 16 year old let's
listen if you would have known it was a
possibility that they would have been
separated from you would you have come
to be separated from your kids without
knowing what is going to become of them
many times what we do is for the good of
our children but you really have to
think about it because you suffer a lot
on the journey here I mean that phone
line and you think that it's over when
you get here but once you are detained
here that's where it's the most painful
part of the journey begins it took that
family 17 days to make it to the u.s.
southern border and as you guys were
talking about you know that little boy
was being recruited by gangs in El
Salvador the sixteen-year-old girl was
kidnapped for four days so that is the
violence that these already traumatized
children are fleeing from only to be
separated from their parents here guys
Mariana we've heard some reporting from
inside these detention facilities about
what it's like for the kids and we've
heard stories of the older children
looking after the younger children
children they don't know somebody they
just met inside a detention facility 16
year olds changing the diapers of babies
can you paint a picture at all to the
extent you're able to report and see and
hear and get stories from the people
who've been inside
I have only been able to speak to these
children who were separated from their
parents for these short periods of times
of four or five days parents who were
not prosecuted but it is through the
eyes of the kids that you can start to
sense or get a sense that was what these
children are going through so kids
telling me Willy things from I'm
sleeping on the floor I was freezing and
I had to wrap myself in these tin foil
blankets I didn't like the food I didn't
understand what these agents for telling
me kids asking these immigration agents
when will I see my mother again seeing
their families through these these cages
so extremely traumatic experiences and
almost all of the kids the 10 year olds
the I've spoken to 16 year olds they
just were crying you know tearing up
sobbing when you ask them about this and
again if we think about this only went
on for five six six days you can just
imagine what these prolonged separations
will do in the long term trauma that
will cause these kids
Mariana Atencio and McAllen Texas along
the border Mariana thanks so much thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
