the Justice Department's inspector
general called the President of the
United States a liar today in the Senate
Judiciary Committee hearing but he did
it in as polite away as possible as
inspectors general tend to do the
inspector general was there to testify
about his investigation of the FBI's
investigation of Hillary Clinton's email
the Inspector General was asked about
President Trump saying this I think that
the report yesterday maybe more
importantly than anything it totally
exonerates me there was no collusion and
here's how Senator Patrick Leahy brought
that up with the Inspector General in
his testimony today but there's nothing
in the report that says exonerates the
president from any question of collusion
with the Russians it says nothing one
way or the other is that correct we did
not look into collusion questions such a
polite way of calling the president's a
liar Donald Trump's FBI director
Christopher aide testified at that same
hearing today and remember Donald Trump
chose Christopher Rea to be the director
of the FBI after Donald Trump fired
James Comey so he is in every sense
Donald Trump's FBI director and here is
what Christopher Rea said about the
president's constant tweets including
the president's tweets today that Robert
Mahler's investigation is a witch-hunt I
did not believe special counsel Muller
is on a witch-hunt
and some Republican senators at the
hearing were pretending to be just
shocked and outraged that some FBI
agents texts revealed that those FBI
agents were strongly opposed to Donald
Trump's candidacy for president during
the presidential campaign how dare an
FBI agent be against candidate Trump
here is Senator Lindsey Graham in full
outrage today about those FBI agents
here's what miss page mister miss page
said on March the 4th 2016 god trump is
a low sloth slow some human
how you feel about that I mean she's
entitled to her opinion I think we've
laid out here why we were so concerned
about it
and here is that same Lindsey Graham
offering his opinion about Donald Trump
during the presidential campaign about
the very same time that those FBI agents
were offering their opinions looking
back we should have basically kicked him
out of the party the more you know about
Donald Trump the less likely yard a vote
for him the more you know about his
business enterprises the less successful
he looks the more you know about his
political giving the less Republican he
looks and here is Senator Ted Cruz today
just outraged by those FBI agents in
late 2015 and in 2016 when mr. stroke
was in charged he used an FBI device to
call President Trump a quote effing
idiot although I don't believe he
abbreviated it a loathsome human and a
disaster correct an idiot and a disaster
who would ever say things like that and
here is Ted Cruz during the presidential
campaign at about the same time that
those FBI agents sent those texts this
man is a pathological liar
he doesn't know the difference between
truth and lies he lies practically every
word that comes out of his mouth thanks
for checking out our YouTube channel
subscribe by clicking on the button
below for more from the last word and
the rest of MSNBC
