alright let's dig deeper into the New
York Times reporting that we mentioned
at the top of the show on House
Republicans narrowing their sights in
hopes of keeping keeping an even 1 seat
majority and have begun to abandon GOP
candidates including incumbents who have
fallen substantially behind in once
competitive races the report says a memo
from the Republican super PAC
congressional leadership fund circulated
this week stating quote there are 20
races within four points that will
determine the House Majority and CLF
will keep working to win them but the
math is daunting since Republicans hold
between 60 and 70 competitive districts
that are being seriously contested and
Democrats only need to flip 23 to win
control The Times writes in a tactical
retreat Republican groups have already
withdrawn summer or all funding from a
few embattled incumbents mainly in
suburbs where President Trump is
unpopular including representatives
Kevin Yoder of Kansas Mike Coffman of
Colorado and Mike Bishop of Michigan
they have abandoned more than a half a
dozen seats where Republican lawmakers
are not running for re-election on
Wednesday they cut loose at the Tucson
Arizona based seat of representative
Markham martha mcsalley who left to run
for Senate
joining us now national political
reporter for Axios jonathan swan and
national political correspondent for NBC
News and MSNBC and author of the book
the red and the blue the 1990s and the
birth of political tribalism Steve
Kornacki the rage is with us so Joe a
lot of great guests to talk about what's
going on with the Republicans well and
here we are less than a month out a lot
of cross currents in American politics
and steam Kornacki it seems right now
and I mean I do mean right now because
in a week the polls are sure to change
as we move even further away from the
Cavanaugh hearings but right now it
seems to be a tale of two elections
you've got the Senate races that have
tightened up Republicans have taken the
lead and and in places like Tennessee
and Texas comfortably but then you have
the House races where you had House
members who didn't talk that much about
Cavanaugh in competitive
districts because they were trying to
win suburban voters over there it seems
like the GOP is in retreat what can you
how can you help us sort through these
two different cross currents yeah
because basically what you're describing
there are almost two different Americas
you're talking about you know Senate
terrain that is heavily tilted towards
Trump States you know Tennessee Texas
Trump one Tennessee by 26 Trump one
Texas by nine points and those are have
become somewhat of battleground states
in the Senate side so on the house side
this is very interesting because you're
talking about in particular when you get
to these races where Republicans are
looking at their financial commitment
you are talking about the suburban more
densely populated close to major cities
types of districts in a lot of cases
districts that voted for Hillary Clinton
I was just looking in the break here
just off the top of my head I could run
down a list of about 12 seats that look
like they are in at best dire shape for
Republicans in the House and when you
look at you know the Democrats need a
net gain of 23 to pick up the chamber in
just you know in about two minutes is
sitting here looking at metro areas
around the country generally places
where Clinton did well in 16 I can get
Democrats more than halfway there in
about two minutes now where it gets a
little more complicated with the houses
and I think this is the key and this is
what's going to end up deciding it it's
the more hybrid districts they have a
suburban metro portion to them but they
might also have more of an exertion and
that's where it almost becomes a test of
energy between the two sides and it's
the one thing Republicans can hope for
that did Kavanagh somehow give them
energy in that more Trump portion of the
district well and you Jonathan this is
something that we've been talking about
since the day after Donald Trump was
elected everybody has that that the
House of Representatives was going to be
vulnerable because you had 23 24 25
seats that Hillary Clinton won where
Republicans were still in power there
you also of course had the leade
district in Pennsylvania that maps
changed a couple of other maps have
changed where suburban voters are given
more power the Brett Kavanaugh hearings
they may have played well for
Republicans in parts of Arizona in
Tennessee in Texas but
these very districts that Democrats have
to win they probably got a little wind
at their back because of what happened
if you just looked at the polling of the
suburban voters the suburban women the
very people they need to win over yes
and and the challenge the White House
has had all along is that President
Trump has wanted to Barnstorm
across the entire country he has people
on the outside who say mr. president
people like Corey Lewandowski you are
the greatest campaigner the world has
ever seen
every district needs you you need to be
everywhere Trump obviously believes that
some of these members don't want him
anywhere near their districts and
they've quietly made that known to the
White House so the tension has been
between Trump's desires to be everywhere
and the reality that his his presence in
a district can energize those people
that you just described yes he energizes
the Republican base but he actually
energizes those suburban women
college-educated voters who are giving
Democrats a huge advantage in a lot of
these districts yeah let's go back Steve
Kornacki let's look at one state where
we get a new poll or two and from
Wisconsin there's a state that Donald
Trump won that Hillary Clinton didn't
even visit back in 2016 you look at some
of the numbers there the Democrats doing
quite well Tammy Baldwin comfortably
ahead and in the gubernatorial race that
that Scott Walker has won there she's up
by 14 points in a gubernatorial race
that Scott Walker has really won three
times already if you if you look at the
the recall election that's a big
10-point lead so you have these you have
these swing states and I put Virginia on
that list Wisconsin look at Florida
Indiana that Barack Obama won in 2008 I
think you have races that Nevada
even Arizona those races are going to go
down to the wire for the most part
Tennessee Texas maybe not maybe those
are all over but we still have 7 8 9 10
Senate races that are going to be up for
grabs to the very end aren't we yet no
absolutely and you look in
look in the Midwest if you want to talk
about a Senate race that's going to go
down to the wire Missouri right Claire
McCaskill out there waiting to see how
that if there is an effect from
Cavanaugh in that race but yeah I do
think that the the thinking has shifted
big picture in the last week I mean I
think about ten days ago before the the
sort of effect the potential effect of
Cavanaugh so cold people were starting
to tick up the Democrats chances of
getting not just the house but the
Senate and people were starting to think
that was getting close to you know maybe
like a 40 percent shot for them I think
that number in most people's minds has
fallen down to like 10 percent or so in
the last week or so based on these
events but on the house side it just
continues to be there there are so many
opportunities on the map for Democrats
and one of the things you find in so
many of these midterm elections these
days is that in the end you mentioned
all those races that are supposedly
within a couple points they do tend to
break one way and if they do end up
breaking the Democrats favor that could
still be a big win for them but I think
Republicans are looking at it right now
and in seeing at least a narrow narrow
narrow chance of barely hanging on to
the house which is better than they've
been thinking for a while all right
Steve Kornacki author of the red and the
blue I know you have a plane to catch
thanks for being on want to turn now
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
