how do you justify this policy it's a
zero tolerance I don't think it's a
justified it's a crime to come across
illegally and children get separated I
mean I hate to say that's that's the law
and he's unforeseen the law my I nearly
two hundred miners a day are joining the
thousands detained after crossing the
border into the United States many of
them fleeing unsafe homes many of them
ripped from their parents and Steve Ben
and who says he speaks for the
president's base says there's nothing to
justify joining our conversation now
Heidi pres Bell a national political
reporter for NBC News honey what are you
picking up from your sources about the
ripple effects I'm we made we made a
list and it took us about one-and-a-half
seconds of the Republicans who've spoken
up Susan Collins Ben Sasse Lindsey
Graham Orrin Hatch sort of and speaker
Ryan anybody else Lindsey Graham was
just again at the stakeout in the Senate
re-emphasizing that at any time the
president can stop this by picking up
the phone I'm also monitoring how this
frankly is playing out on Fox News and
watching some of the anchors there
repeatedly correct lawmakers who are
coming on and calling this the law
I'm picking up actually a subtle hint of
panic by some of these members because
you are starting to get more what we
call in the world of journalism color
coming out of these holding pens Nicole
you just saw coming across the web a Pro
Publica audio and I'm sure you're gonna
play it at some point but it is
heart-wrenching it has little children
and you can tell any mother any person
can tell the sound of a baby wailing
some of them crying so hard that they're
gasping for breath being separated from
their parents so we're starting to get
more details and color coming out of
these holding areas and there is no
Republican who wants to stand behind
this policy and that is why you're
seeing the president distort this and
say that this is the Democrats forcing
him to do this let me break that down
for you the president is trying to put
this off on the Democrats because he is
using this as leverage as a negotiating
tool I take you back to earlier this
year last year when the president
canceled daca and
order to use that program as leverage in
order to get his wall that didn't work
the courts intervened and so we saw in
April of this year the administration
now enact a new policy of criminalizing
asylum seekers which by then
necessitates them being separated from
their children Michael Steele I feel
stupid for health and I asked this
question but what's wrong with the
Republicans they they've just been
they've been traumatized they they've
just take they've taken the yeah I mean
look that the reality of it is is they
think from from a base standpoint that's
when I go back to I I don't think it's
this is much concern for a lot of the
hardcore Trump base out there they like
this they think this is something I mean
they don't like the fact that these
folks are coming here they think that
they're that's why the president has
characterized it the way he has he has
he has taken the concept of asylum which
is one form of legal response by the
United States and merged it into a
criminal action coming over the border
illegally which is a different response
by the federal government he's made them
both the same so there's no difference
in this administration's point of view
between someone who's running away from
persecution seeking asylum bringing
their children to a safer space than
someone who gets up this morning and
said I'm gonna go steal a job in the
United States and go across the border
illegally and even those people commit
fewer crimes let me show you the I guess
the other thing is this was a plan
hiding in plain sight
they said they wanted to do this and now
they're doing it so any walk back would
really would be remarkable this was
their plan all along let's watch our
department of homeland security
personnel going to separate the children
from their moms and dads yes I am
considering in order to deter more
movement along this terribly dangerous
Network I am considering exactly that if
you are smuggling a child then
we will prosecute you and that child may
be separated from you as required by law
what do you say to people who worry of
separating parents and children I mean
that's why they're separated it was
written a lot hey lie I mean no
apologies right that is them saying look
this is our policy and here's why we
think it's a deterrent and the fact that
it's unnecessarily cruel to these
children
you just heard that doodling they're not
mostly folks aren't smuggling in
children in a you know in an illegal in
a way we're like these children are at
risk from their parents you know to your
point they're either coming in for
asylum or they're just together and this
no you know what's really amazing to me
is Trump just acts as though he's like
powerless to do anything about this
right this is the one thing he can't you
know in his mind he can't do and he's
blaming the Democrats can only do that
the Democrats help him do it
we've got enough Republicans in the
house to do you know to do if they
needed to do anything legislatively they
don't know it's right we've got so I
guess I want to add I want to talk about
weakness and smallness for a guy so
obsessed with you know the size of
everything I mean this is just such an
extraordinary display of political
impotence political powerlessness of
small man small hands small everything
why is he so into it but because it's
power for him over home to your over
over over the whole system I mean it is
Eli noted that circle within the White
House has become a circle within a
circle within a circle I mean it the
smaller that crowd around him becomes
the more power the president is able to
exercise because there that the lines
are sort of break it up and to sort of
control the outcome I mean even got the
chief of staff saying well I'm
considering this you would think that
there would be some kind of check inside
the system that goes wait a minute I
don't know if this is really going to
play well on TV every night but doesn't
play well I mean how about like I don't
know if this is gonna go well I mean I
don't know if we're gonna traumatize a
generation of children who came to the
country seeking asylum I mean I don't
know if he's ever been to the Statue of
Liberty I'm
I think he doesn't know what it says but
is there no one around him who can say
this is the most unamerican politically
powerless petty small impotent thing a
president of this country could ever do
well let's tell them what Lady Liberty
says she says bring me your tired your
poor your huddled masses and in bold she
is called mother of exiles and that is
why this issue have to beg to differ
just a little bit with Michael I think
Republicans actually are very nervous in
terms of how this is going to play out
because we the media are going to keep
pushing for disclosure and we're going
to keep pushing to get inside those
facilities and more and more of those
tapes are going to come forward and
that's why you have the such a unique
coalition you have the American Academy
of Pediatrics the head of that saying
this is basically tantamount to child
abuse you have the religious community
uniting Catholic Bishops the Methodist
Church the Southern Baptist Convention
all condemning this and frankly a lot of
Republican women with Laura Bush leading
the way on this I think are being made
to feel very uncomfortable and so no
politically it's not going to play out
well but also in terms of the numbers
the government DHS itself is now
estimating that we could get up to
20,000 by August being held like this it
is not going to be pretty
once these facilities reach capacity and
over capacity given the conditions that
they're already living and living you
know sleeping on cement block floors
that they're calling the icebox
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
