Julia Ainsley is joining us now Julia
you cover the Department of Justice you
cover Homeland Security give us a sense
of where secretary Neilson was telling
the truth and where she was not so I
first just thought it was pretty
incredible that they doubled down on
talking points here I was talking to
some people today who were in these
meetings at DHS they're seeing
everything implode around them they know
other pressure they seen all the stories
and instead of coming out and having any
kind of sympathy for the situation
they're doubling down and they seem to
think that if they can just explain to
people what's going on we might have a
more sympathetic view of their side but
I did start tweeting out some false
claims as I heard them one is that
parents are allowed to call their
children we know from our reporting on
the ground that is very rare if that
ever happens to is that parents can
claim custody of their children after
they've been released themselves that is
very hard to do because a lot of these
parents are being deported or they're
released and they are still undocumented
in this country they don't want to come
forward and claim children if they
themselves may also be deported also she
said that illegal entry is a crime it is
true it's a crime but it's a misdemeanor
and previously these immigrants were
able to present themselves to Border
Patrol they would actually run up to
them between the ports of entry and turn
themselves in to claim asylum so they've
changed the rules on that and then the
fourth thing that I found is that she
said they are enforcing the laws that
Congress wrote that is not true as we
know there is no law that dictates
separation of mothers and children and
if anything these are Court decisions
that said that you can't hold children
longer than 20 days and that is what
they're enacting is sort of a byproduct
of working around court decisions but
that is not a law passed by Congress
Katie let me ask you one other question
she's also said that the kids that are
coming in there's been an increase in
smugglers bringing children in and
claiming that they are their own was her
intention to say that every kid were
seeing crying and listening crying
asking for their mother or their father
are the kids are lying there that the
kids are trying to say that these
smugglers are their parents when when
when they're not
right I mean I think that there there's
a lot of kind of overreacting on a
pretty small number of cases we've seen
the same thing when they talk about
ms-13 which is not nearly as prevalent
as the administration would want you to
think but yes in the case of these
children there are times where they come
in and they might say that they are with
a parent and then after some
investigation it turns out that person
is not actually related to them but a
part of that doesn't necessarily mean
there's anything nefarious going on is
that a parent has had to risk everything
they've had pulled together all of their
financial resources and pay someone else
to take their child across the border
that doesn't mean that that child has
any less of a right to asylum or that
they should be splitting apart parents
who can verify through birth
certificates very often that these are
in fact their children it's a pretty low
rate of fraud at the border from what I
understand hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more meet the press' content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
