let's bring in while we're waiting for
secretary Neilson Texas Republican
congressman will Hurd who recently
visited a facility for teenage boys who
arrived at the border as unaccompanied
minors congressman what do you think of
what you saw well what I saw was a
manifestation of a flawed policy I've
said this before in the land of the free
and the home of the brave we shouldn't
be using kids as a deterrence this is
unacceptable and this is a policy that
this administration could change today
it doesn't need it doesn't require
legislation in order to do this and it's
unfortunate that we're at a place where
we're having to talk about passing
legislation to say you shouldn't be
ripping kids out of their mommy's arms
why does this administration think this
policy is good for them I don't know I
don't know is a short answer Katie what
what this this is not a new problem this
is a problem that we've seen in in
previous administration this is
something that we should have been
prepared for there's alternatives to
detention
this is a this is a outcome from a
larger problem we should be working with
El Salvador and Nicaragua and Honduras
addressing some of the root causes in
those countries that's causing this
migration to come up here we should be
helping them with with rule of law and
economic development we should have a
border security strategy that is smart
that relies on technology you've heard
me say a billion times building a
30-foot high concrete structure from sea
to shining sea it's not going to solve
this problem and it's not going to
prevent the the problem that we're
having right now and we also need more
immigration judges so that we can
administer consequences to people that
are breaking the law and you don't have
to detain them as long and so these are
these are these are some of the
solutions there's actually bipartisan
support for all these things that I've
said and the only way we're gonna solve
this problem of securing our border and
making sure that we have an immigration
policy that makes sense is it's by doing
this in a bipartisan way and I know
there's a few of us that are trying to
do it hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down
there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
