perhaps one of the most heart-wrenching
photos coming out of the controversy
this two-year-old Honduran girl crying
as her mother is searched by US border
agents the picture went viral last week
joining me now is the man who took that
photo John Moore Getty Images special
correspondent and senior staff
photographer he recently went on a
ride-along with border agents capturing
that image he's also the author of
undocumented immigration and the
militarization of the United States
Mexico border
John that image tell us the story behind
that photo and also about your
ride-along with those border agents who
they are what they're doing well I had
been with the border patrol really all
afternoon into evening we were on the
bank of the Rio Grande watching as rafts
of people came across from Mexico to the
US almost all of them were an asylum
seekers and they came up the banks of
the river and walked through the woods I
could hear them you know crunching
branches under their feet children
crying and when they reached a dirt road
the u.s. Border Patrol gathered them
together and took their names they
checked any documents that they had they
noted the countries they came from and I
noticed there were mostly women and
children there was a little girl and she
was there with her mother her mother
wouldn't set her down I was able to
speak with the mom very briefly she said
that she'd been on the road with her
daughter for a month and as we know
coming from Honduras through Mexico for
a whole month that journey is extremely
difficult and very dangerous and so when
they reach this point when they had
crossed the river and the dead of night
and had been faced with bright lights
and uniformed officers obviously they
were very scared they're prepared to see
uniformed officers though because they
are coming on a raft through the night
we do have immigration laws and they're
not coming through legally but this
zero-tolerance policy that's new to
those migrants and it's new to you
because you've been documenting this for
ten years
so talk about this
difference because this idea is we want
people to follow the law we always
wanted people to follow law but this
this is different and this is when
humanity comes into play
that's absolutely right really since
2014 immigrants have been coming across
from Central America by the thousands
all the time it dipped it a little bit
last year but there's many many coming
across now for political asylum the
difference now is of course in the
change in policy these families when I
photograph them I was certain they had
no idea what was about to happen to them
many of them I'm sure almost all of them
came across thinking they would have an
opportunity to seek political asylum for
me it was different because I
photographed this before but I knew what
was gonna happen next now do all of them
get separated we don't know but we know
that many of them do we just looked at a
picture of someone you took an immigrant
walking through a sugarcane field
Jeff Sessions is painting a picture as
is the president that these are gang
members these are drug smugglers these
are rapists and criminals and we need to
protect the American people some
American person might say these are
stunning and upsetting images but
there's also terrible images of
Americans that we're not seeing there
was a mass shooting in my home state of
New Jersey this weekend we don't see
photographs of that there was violence
in Chicago this weekend I want to
understand though what they're doing to
these people at the border these
policies don't change what's happening
to people in the United States suffering
no these these new policies don't change
things for Americans in any way did it
help people at the border at the border
you have these families who are fleeing
their countries with the shirts on their
back most of these folks they don't
leave their countries with months of
planning but talk about the people of
Texas talk about the people on the
border who it is coming into their town
are they stealing their jobs are they
hurting their resources well most
communities along the the Texas Mexican
border are mostly Democrat to be honest
they usually vote Democrat in elections
and so you have a
varied viewpoints for sure you have
people who are anti-immigrant and those
who have a lot of compassion and that
goes the same for the Border Patrol as
well it's a large force you have people
from many different backgrounds and you
have essentially thousands over 20,000
uniformed officers who are obeying their
commands now their commands were very
different under the obama administration
than they are now but it is a law
enforcement force and you can expect
them to usually obey orders
hey MSNBC fans thanks for checking out
our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on that button down there and
click on any of the videos here to watch
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more MSNBC for free every day
with our newsletters just visit
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
now
