an attorney general Jeff Sessions he
says zero-tolerance he an announcement
that's his zero tolerance announcement
this spring that the government will
prosecute all unlawful immigrants as
criminals set up a situation in which
children are removed when their parents
are taken into federal custody a policy
he reinforced himself last week if you
cross the border unlawfully then we will
prosecute you it's that simple if you
are smuggling a child then we will
prosecute you and that child may be
separated from you as required by law
yes we are pursuing a zero-tolerance
prosecution policy at the border having
children does not give you immunity from
arrest and prosecution bringing children
with you doesn't guarantee you won't get
prosecuted cannot our policies that can
result in short-term separation of
families is not unusual or unjustified
but the Secretary of Homeland Security
claims no policy no such policy exists
tweeting quote we do not have a policy
of separating families at the border
period and yet here's counselor to the
president saying exactly the opposite
unmeet the press and nobody likes seeing
babies ripped from their mothers arms
off from their mothers wombs frankly but
we have to make sure that DHS is laws
are understood if I commit a crime and I
am put in jail my four children are
separated from their mother because we
don't have a policy or why would you
want the children in jail with their
parents I will tell you that nobody
likes this policy you saw the president
on camera that he wants this to end but
everybody has confidence and its own no
I hate it I hate the children being
taken away the Democrats have to change
their law that's their law
that's the Democrats law I think it's
been well established that there's no
law currently that requires President
Trump to do this I mean that has been
shown to be patently false I mean that
is a lie this is a deliberate policy
change which is why you see a sudden
spike over the last six weeks and the
number of kids who are separated from
their parents
President Trump could stop this policy
with a phone call if you don't like
families being separated you can tell
DHS stop doing it
okay couple of things you have the
president actually at least confirming
the policy exists
you've killer yet confirming the policy
exists that's I mean usually she's a
little bit more alternative I'm not sure
why the Secretary of Homeland Security
John Kelly's pic said we have we do not
have a policy of separating families at
the border period I'd have no idea maybe
I should say something completely
unjustified in front of Congress and
maybe because she violent ly disagrees
with the policy is getting ready to
resign that could be it
not sure what's going on there but then
you have others blatantly lying and this
is where we're at at the same time there
are children being separated from their
mothers at the border and we don't even
have the exact numbers on that we're
talking about the United States of
America so people you need to wake up
and see what is happening and speak out
if this feels wrong to you but we're
looking at Republicans who I guess have
a game to play here perhaps votes to
lose in a tweet on Saturday the
president seemed to acknowledge the
policy is a negotiating tool so he
acknowledges that it exists and he's
saying it's the negotiating tool posting
quote Democrats can fix their forced
family breakup at the border by working
with Republicans on new legislation the
truth is there is no law and that this
does not belong to the Democrats no law
requires families necessarily be
separated at the border as we noted the
current policy resulted from a decision
made in April by attorney general
sessions to prosecute all migrants who
cross the border including those with
young children you saw him saying it
himself those migrants have avoided
detention during previous presidential
administrations the 1997 court
settlement bars children from being
imprisoned with parents and so just its
apartment officials now say they have no
choice but to isolate the children we
ultimately Elise has them being
separated from their parents and held in
some way we have a lot of people using a
lot of different terminology and I think
it's all fair but in order not to lose
at this game in the in the category of
rhetoric and in the category of
overshooting the runway out of anger I
think we can say they're being held and
they're being held against their will
and that this does not belong to the
Democrats and that this is a trump
policy that is blatantly cruel well you
know I was in San Antonio on Friday
speaking with educators and Texas school
board members who told me that they're
really concerned about this and people
who are on the front lines of this
decision and are being forced to make
these decisions so now since secretary
Nilson says that this is not the policy
does that mean Border Patrol agents
don't have to do this they don't have to
enforce this policy anymore and I'm just
grateful that mrs. Laura Bush spoke out
and is using her voice and is being a
brave Republican and speaking out
against this moral abomination why I
also appreciate Mike Barnicle
Melania Trump who did everything she
could to make a statement that was clear
that she would like an America that has
a heart unlike I guess the others around
her I'm glad Melania Trump at least
spoke out I'm not sure where others in
the White House are I'm not sure exactly
where nikki Haley is on this and I'm not
sure where Ivanka Trump is on this I
bring it up only because she's very
focused on women and very focused on
parenting I think isn't the lead person
for women and children ostensibly well I
thought that's definitely what she told
me I posted on her Instagram account
about a conversation we had right after
her father won she invited me to Trump
Tower to speak with her and she wanted
so very desperately to set up a platform
for women and actually wanted to work
with Tina Powell who
an incredible incredible force on many
of these issues and don't know where she
is right now I wonder how she does this
I wonder how anybody well no she's
actually setting up a platform for
orphans yeah well because the
effectively orphaned thousands of
children taken from their parents
I'm heartbroken by what's happening and
I wonder what this means about the
fabric of our country well it's that's
exactly what it is it's just another
unraveling of what America has stood for
for over 200 years and I I don't know
how anyone in the Republican Party no
matter which wing of the Republican
Party you're on and I'm not asking you
to explain all of it or all of them but
how can they sit there so silently while
this is going on it's astonishing so the
only two prominent Republican have come
out or both women both first ladies one
former first lady this is a colossal
political miscalculation I don't mean to
be crass about it let's just break it
down they sold this as a policy right
they went out there Jeff sessions went
out there Stephen Miller went out there
and they said this is going to be a
deterrent this is going to keep people
from coming up in the to the border that
has backfired and the good news is every
once in a while a story comes along
that's so big that even the president
and the White House and this presidents
particularly good at look over here look
over here look over here that just
sticks with the imagination or captures
the American public in a way that it
won't let go this president will not be
able to escape this story so now what
they're doing is trying to affect
deflect and blame and so they're trying
to blame the Democrats which is not true
I look forward to the president saying
at some point this has never been our
policy you know you can hear him already
saying this and this will this will be a
catastrophic colossal mistake for the
Republican Party who will not stand up
for this these are these are families
who are being literally torn apart at
the border and and now they're trying to
sell it as law right because the first
they promoted as there's a policy and
this is the policy we're promoting and
then all the sudden said no no that's
not our fault this is the law it is
the law it was a policy and the policy
can be changed by administration and or
the Congress can change the policy by
virtue of law and they have not done
either so you're talking about the
important details of this I want to look
at the legislative angles and the people
behind that in Washington with Heidi and
Nick but first I want to pull out to
30,000 feet david ignatius when you have
a policy like this that then you have a
president and his people around it not
telling the truth about it and I think
that's putting it kindly blaming it on
others also arguing its existence
arguing its form policy versus law from
abroad
in terms of our strategic alliances in
terms of our immigration policy in terms
of our national security what's the
impact what should we be worried about
you could people will see this as one
more example of the United States being
unable to solve a fundamental problem
it's true we do have a problem with
immigration we've been struggling for
more than a decade to get bipartisan
legislation that will deal with it john
boehner former House Speaker made this
his priority and it absolutely fell
apart on him he was unable to bring the
wings of his party together the country
is as divided and I must say the
Republicans are as divided as they've
ever been on this the administration
Donald Trump wanted to look tough on
immigration to appeal to their base and
you know what they succeeded they they
look tough they look tough in a way that
people can't live with and that's what
these quotes are art are telling us but
as I pull my camera back what I see is
this fundamental inability to solve
problems it's not as if the immigration
problem isn't real it is it does need a
solution it's just that our system isn't
taking us to a point where we get
legislation get compromise and get past
this yeah instead we're stuck on the
politics and this hideous cruelty of
separating children from their parent
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more 4 Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
