by the way the Pope more than anybody
else is driven the migrant crisis in
Europe that's why you have a new
government in Italy the Pope yes yeah by
the way the Catholic Church I've got off
the cardinal Dolan cardinal Dolan
attacked me the Catholic Church is one
of the worst instigators of this open
borders policy right the Catholic and
I'm a Catholic
I'm missing I'm missing mass today I'm
missing mass today are going later with
my dad to be on your show Wow well it's
been 10 months since former Trump
administration chief strategist Steve
van and left the White House but as his
former boss cozies up to dictators and
implements a policy that has separated
nearly 2,000 migrant children from their
moms and dads at the southern border in
the last six weeks it seems fair to ask
if Anna never really went away the
so-called alt-right ideologist who
helped mastermind Trump's rise has been
working to build a worldwide ultra
right-wing movement he once called
anti-immigration strongman in Hungarian
Prime Minister Viktor Orban quote a hero
and it appears Trump feels the same way
for the White House Trump spoke to or
bond Saturday to quote to congratulate
him on the formation of his new
government joining me now is joseline
Sione of the Ploughshares fund and from
Beirut foreign policy analyst Rula
gibreel thank you both and I want to
just warn the audience Rula is on about
a two second delay so I'm gonna start
with Rula first ruling you have Donald
Trump congratulating Viktor Orban the
want to be strong man in Hungary you
have him praising Giuseppe Conte the
sort of trumpian Italian Prime Minister
let's listen to that on from via Fox
News on Friday the new Prime Minister of
Italy is great got to meet him very very
strong an immigration like I am by the
way it seems that strong on immigration
wins now sure
this is a Democrats by the way a very
weak on immigration and rule victor of
course giuseppe Conti anti-eu
anti-immigration this is a trend that's
global it's not just in the United
States
it's a project it's not even a trans I
look at the data and and and it's time
for us Americans and people around the
globe to connect the dots the first time
we heard about the disabilities Asian of
Western democracy was in 2011 when Trump
Chiefs campaign chief Paul Manafort was
advising the Ukraine president the first
time we ever heard lock her up about a
political female opponent was in 2011
Paul Manafort won went on to dominate
open around the globe defending the
corrupt pro-russian Ukrainian president
and then immediately after we could see
articles attacking Hillary Clinton in
the Wall Street Journal written by Alan
Friedman and other journalists it was a
carcass treaty campaign to start
widespread campaign to pave the ideas of
if you are for Russian then you can be
not only pro-russian then you can be
attacked Europe you can be proper exit
you can attack immigrants and it went on
he became the chief campaign of Donald
Trump Steve Barron as you mentioned
before is now in in Italy before he was
in France he spoke at the National Front
and he said if they call you racist wear
it as a badge of honor
he's now advising the pro-russian
government in Italy this is what he's
doing not only that if you look what
they're doing in Germany they're Trump
himself sent his right man right-hand
man and he's trying to unseat the
government of Angela Merkel who's a
right-wing she happened to be a
right-wing Chancellor but they don't
care they want nationalists they want
white supremacists
so we are in an existential threat for
our democracy today and we see all these
players moving internationally and
threatening the rule of
threatening and attacking Europe
European governments attacking allies
while praising tyrants I just want to
remind our audience that in Italy a
month before the election one of the
candidates of another region went on a
shooting spree in Italy because he
exploited all the hate rhetoric by
salvini and and this government that
attacked migrants and attacked Democrats
not only he shot I shot six immigrants
black people in the street but also he
shot against the center of them
democratic parties we are seeing in
Italy a descent towards fascism that's
why they agree with Donald Trump that's
why they pray they praise Putin and
that's why they wanted put in to join be
reinstated in the g7 again regardless
the fact that he annexed an occupied
Crimea we're seeing a very war some
trends and Donald Trump is the chief of
that trend and you know Joe I think for
Americans you know they look at Trump as
this sort of aberrational figure you
know here's this reality show star who
comes along he wins on this
anti-immigrant line immigration being
the driving force behind his base but I
think because Americans don't realize
that in Western Europe really as Rula
just said the same trend is happening
you have in Poland this sort of dissent
from what was a purely sort of
democratic Western facing government you
have a happening in Italy you had the
National Front attempt to take over
France just barely losing that election
and Emmanuel macron winning you have
this happening in Hungary you have this
anti em it's it's a combination of ante
EU pro-putin
and and an anti trade and anti-immigrant
and it's happening all over the world
we just learned this week more about the
involvement of Russia in brexit British
political operatives met with the
Russian ambassador days after the Trump
is it you have brigs it now we're
finding out that was involved you just
have the World Cup happening now in MA
in Russia and there's a photo of the the
Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman
shaking hands with Putin at the opening
this is global and Americans are just
part of the wave that's exactly right
joy we have to pay attention to this
rise of racist white nationalist
right-wing movements in Europe and see
the parallels here to the Trump
administration unfortunately Trump is
not an apparition many of our Western
colleagues thought that they'd see
something like this in Europe first but
it happened in America where you had a
similar magnetic leader exploiting
divisions and conflict in society to
rule was basically from a minority
position and that's the same thing you
see in Europe one of my mentors here in
Washington has been Madeleine Albright
and she has a new book called fascism or
warning and she's not saying that these
movements are fascist yet but they bear
a striking resemblance to the fascist
movements that as she reminds us began
almost a hundred years ago in Italy in
March of 1919 these divisions this
ultra-nationalism this this this
emphasis on strong male leadership and
you see it now in Hungary you see it in
Poland and now in Italy Giuseppe Conte
is the first of these white nationalist
leaders to take power and he's
threatening to break up the EU in a way
that it hasn't quite been challenged
before exploiting these divisions in
society this resentment this fear of
immigration he just turned away a ship
of immigrants trying to seek refuge on
Italy's southern coast to consolidate
his rule it is a dangerous trend and you
see Trump embracing it and bringing now
inviting Giuseppe Conte to visit the
White House that will be quite a
spectacle yeah I mean the danger is that
we're seeing a potential realignment
he's already fascist if I may
yeah it's actually fascist I think we
shouldn't mence any more Awards this is
fashion ascending this is when when the
reality in front of us where children
are ripped from their parents and that
is called law and taking on the southern
this is the worst humanitarian and
crisis this is a crisis of democracies
on our value the world is the
/ two camps humanists versus those who
believe in white supremacist
nationalists who want to destroy
democracy they don't care about law
Human Rights morality legality all they
care about is power whatever it takes to
get power this is who Donald Trump is he
is galvanizing in Europe the worst white
supremacists we ever seen
Giuseppe Conte is only one of these guys
but in Hungary there's another guy and
guess who's behind that all of that is
Russia they are backing every movement
of white nationalism you know it is
frightening and Americans just need to
take this global view understand this is
not just happening here Josef in cont
Rula Jabril thank you thank you thank
you both and coming up in our next hour
the media is ongoing dilemma with
Trump's campaign of disinformation and
on this Father's Day we'll have more on
how Trump is separating little kids
babies children from their parents or am
joy at the break
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
