are we close to have seen mr. Kim here
at the White House it could happen
I mean they talked about that yeah I
think it's something that could happen
yeah hey he's the head of a country and
I mean he is the strong head don't let
anyone think anything different he
speaks and his people sit up at
attention I want my people to do the
same
president Trump once again praising
North Korean dictator Kim jong-un and
Kim's control over the people of North
Korea during an interview this morning
when later pressed by a reporter at an
impromptu press conference on the White
House lawn Trump insisted that he was
just joking president's comments follow
the Washington Post's reporting about
Trump's visit to Singapore quote at one
point after watching North Korean
television which is entirely state-run
the president talked about how positive
the female North Korean news anchor was
toward Kim according to two people
familiar with his remarks he joked that
even the administration friendly Fox
News was not as lavish in its praise as
the state TV anchor one of the people
added and that maybe he should get a job
at US television instead with us tonight
Ken Thomas White House reporter for The
Associated Press he was on the White
House lawn with presidents from today
and retired four-star US Army general
Barry McCaffrey a decorated combat
veteran of Vietnam a former battlefield
commander in the Persian Gulf he is now
an MSNBC military analyst thank you both
for being with us Ken let me start with
you because you were there and maybe you
could add some context to this if there
is I need to add the president says he
was just joking in that Fox News
interview explaining what it was like
the interaction between the press and
the president after that interview well
you know there was there was questions
about what he meant in this interview we
were able to get a rundown and as as it
was happening on Fox but you know this
is an example of the president praising
another autocratic leader and you know
we've seen it with duterte in the
Philippines we've seen it with King
Salman in in Saudi Arabia we've you know
we've seen it in a lot of places
especially with Vladimir Putin and you
have to juxtapose it with the lack of
discussion that we saw on human rights
in Singapore
King Kim jong-un has a hundred thousand
or more political prisoners that's the
size of a city like South Bend Indiana
or Gainesville Florida and it really
didn't merit a lot of attention it
certainly wasn't a precondition to the
meeting so I think there's concern when
the President speaks highly of these
leaders and praises them that it's it's
it's it's an abdication of the moral
leadership that the u.s. often provides
around the world and presses leaders to
do better on human rights and to do more
on and you know forcing democratic
institutions in general as Ken says
there is this history of President Trump
talking about autocratic leaders in he
talks about the great control they have
the great power these these sorts of
things in this instance I'm wondering
can you see any connection any potential
connection between President Trump
offering these kinds of public comments
about Kim jong-un and any potential
progress in in terms of denuclearization
in terms of resolving this situation
could one at at least potentially be
connected to the other well I you know I
first of all I think it's utterly
preposterous to talk about how the North
Korean people love with fervor Kim
jong-un I mean he's a mass murderer
he's slaughtered hundreds of his senior
leaders he's a dangerous man he's killed
his own family so to some extent this is
simply a nain talk by the president if
he's doing it because he thinks is going
to change their strategic objectives and
nuclear weapons won't have any impact on
it at all I think what it does have
impact on is it unsettles democratic
nations and and thoughtful citizens of
the United States in particular on what
is he up to
does he actually admire mr. Putin this
thug Duterte in the Philippines air
daguan in Turkey who stamping out
democracy is he actually comfortable
dealing more comfortable dealing with
autocrats
when with the UK Prime Minister or
Angela Merkel in Germany I think the
conclusion may be yes he is
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
