lots of news to get to today you knew
this news Newsweek was going to be crazy
we sort of knew the Friday was going to
be crazy we didn't know it was going to
be this crazy and this historic today is
the day in American history that the
sitting president's campaign Chairman
was remanded into federal custody put in
jail and we know exactly how that went
because we just got the transcript so
let me tell you what happened here there
were three prosecutors from the special
counsel's office also an FBI agent
working with Miller's team on the other
side there were three defense lawyers
working for the president's campaign
chair Paul manna fort and Paul Manafort
himself was in the courtroom too so they
started with an arraignment
Paul manna fort you might remember was
charged just a few days ago with new
felony charges an arraignment is where
you stand up in court and face the
charges against you and you say whether
you are pleading guilty or not guilty so
that's what they did first the
arraignment courtroom deputy ru Paul J
manna port jr. defendant Paul Manafort
I am courtroom deputy are you the person
named in the superseding indictment
defendant Paul Manafort I am courtroom
deputy mr. manna fort you are charged in
criminal case number 17 - two zero one -
one in a seven count superseding
indictment charging you with the
following count number one conspiracy
against the United States count number
two conspiracy to launder money count
number three acting as an unregistered
agent of a foreign principle count
number four false and misleading
statements concerning the foreign agents
Registration Act count number five false
statements count number six obstruction
of justice and count number seven
conspiracy to obstruct justice
deputy continues do you waive formal
reading of the superseding indictment
defendant Paul Manafort says I do
Paul manna forts attorney Kevin downing
says we do and then the judge says for
the purposes of the arraignment how do
you plead to the superseding indictment
defendant Paul Manafort says not guilty
- which the judge says all right so
that's the start this superseding
indictment he just plead not guilty -
that's the the new indictment where the
president's campaign chairman is
charged in part in a in a joint
indictment with a Russian guy a Russian
citizen who the special counsel said
today in court is in Russia now and who
the special counsel has said previously
is believed to be actively linked to a
Russian intelligence agency so Paul
Manafort
in this superseding indictment the last
two counts of this indictment
he's charged jointly with a Russian guy
linked to Russian intelligence now the
Russian Intel guy manna Ford is charged
with in the superseding indictment the
Russian guy did not turn up in court for
his arraignment on these charges today
along with Paul Manafort but we'll have
more on that in a moment now what
happened next was more dramatic first we
got him pleading not guilty to the new
charges that he's facing along with his
Russian co-defendant who's not there in
court and then we get the part that
leads to him going to jail
you'll recall that Paul Manafort was
first charged last October then he was
further charged in February than he was
further charged last week but what
happened today after he was arraigned on
the the newest set of charges today the
ones where he pled not guilty what
happened right after that was that then
the judge took up the issue at length of
whether or not manna fort could continue
to be out on house arrest while he's
waiting for his trial to start the
latest charges from the special counsels
office say that manna fort secretly
contacted witnesses in his case and and
tried to get those witnesses to lie for
his benefit and he made those contacts
while he's out on bail on these other
charges
that's witness tampering according to
prosecutors they brought these charges
against Paul Manafort
letting the judge know that in their
estimation he's been tampering with
witnesses and therefore they should
reconsider the fact that the judge
should reconsider the fact that he's
been out on bail so the judge today had
to decide given these new serious
witness tampering charges if Paul
Manafort could still stay out on bail or
whether she needed to refocus bail and
instead put him in jail for the time
between now and when his trial starts
and as you know the judge ultimately did
decide that she needed to put Paul
for in jail and that jailing means there
of course there's an amazing amount of
new pressure on the president's campaign
chairman who tonight as I speak sits in
jail for the first night but because we
got this transcript we also have a
unique window into what the pressure is
like on him already what the pressure
has been like on him in the courtroom
just I don't know if there's any other
way to get if you couldn't be in the
courtroom since there's no cameras in
the courtroom I don't know there's any
other way to get a sense of what
happened here other than by getting it
from this transcript but check this out
what's happening here is men of courts
defense team is trying to argue that
when Paul Manafort in fact admittedly
called and texted these people about his
case he couldn't have been tampering
with witnesses they basically tried to
contend today that he was just reaching
out to people he knew these people he
was reaching out to to talk to them
about his case he didn't know they were
witnesses in his case so here's here's
where mana forts defense lawyers make
that case to the judge and the judge
considers it and then she gives the
prosecutor from Robert Moeller's office
a chance to respond and the Moeller's
office prosecutor just just destroys the
case they were making all right here we
go Richard Wessling who's one of mana
forts defense lawyers he says I think
the difficulty here your honor is that
this is a broad-ranging matter that is
largely something the government
continues to expand and with that it
puts mr. mana fort in a position of not
knowing whether any call he makes is a
risk of violating the unknown list of
witnesses in a situation where that's
not made clear and so from my
perspective a clear no contact rule will
solve the problem I think if we simply
cut off that line of contact it will
solve the problem we're trying in an
appropriate way for the court to weigh
the balance it is forced to weigh where
there's a general sense that where there
are conditions remaining out of jail
pending a trial is the proper result and
I know that you know these are the kind
of things that judges wish they didn't
have to deal with and the judge says I
yes and the defense lawyer says we all
get that and then the judge says this
has been it continues to be to this men
an extraordinarily difficult decision
and Manta forts defense lawyer says I
understand that I understand that but I
believe that mr. mana fort can be put in
a position your honor where conditions
can be set meaning conditions of his
release conditions of his bail I think
that mana fort can be put in a position
your honor where conditions can be set
and I think that's largely a no-contact
rule that's clear and unambiguous from
this court then this will not happen
again and the goal of what the court
does here today is all about preventing
it from happening again
if we jump to the thought that that
means he should be remanded meaning
jailed today that may achieve the result
but it will do so in a manner that is
more harsh and creates more challenges
for this defendant as he faces two
trials in separate courts and preparing
for those trials it would be more harsh
and create more challenges for this
defendant than the bail Reform Act
requires or compels under these
circumstances which the judge says all
right thank you
then she turns to the prosecution turn
to the special counsels office and she
says you have the burden mr. Andrews so
I'll let you since you're already
standing so the prosecutor from the
special counsels office is already
standing at this point it's Greg Andres
who's the prosecutor and he jumps in and
he says this my colleague meaning
defense counsel who I'm arguing against
here my colleague has the law absolutely
wrong with respect to witness tampering
absolutely wrong a defendant can be
involved in witness tampering without a
list of government witnesses right it's
any person who may give testimony with
the Hapsburg group which is the issue
that mr. manna fort is reaching out to
persons d1 and d2 about persons d1 and
d2 they controlled the Hapsburg group
it's inconceivable that he doesn't know
that they're potential witnesses and
that's what the law is not that they've
been told that there's a witness it
isn't about a no-contact list this is
about influencing the testimony of a
potential witness a crime for which mr.
manna fort has now been indicted he has
absolutely violated the terms of his
bail by committing a crime while on bail
that's one - he has the law absolutely
wrong about threats of violence and
witness tampering
when a witness when a defendant tells a
witness a false story and reminds him of
that story the courts have held
repeatedly that that constitutes witness
tampering
so mr. Wessling the defense counsel is
wrong about what it means to be a
witness he is wrong about having to have
a no contact list or a list of
government witnesses he is wrong about
the type of methods that can be used to
tamper with the witness so says the
special counsel's office prosecutor and
the judge found that in fact mr.
Wessling the defense counsel was having
as bad a day as it seemed like he was
having in that moment the prosecutors
then went on to say that Paul Manafort
had contacted these witnesses using
encrypted apps and using a technique
called folding where he wrote emails
he saved the emails in a draft folder
and never send them then he'd give
somebody else the password to that email
account so that other person could log
in to the email account and read that
written draft that Paul Manafort had
written without the email actually ever
being sent or received
it's sort of a counter-surveillance
trick so the prosecutors explained that
that's what manna fort has been doing to
communicate we didn't know that before
this hearing today but essentially
they're spelling out how Manafort has
been trying to evade surveillance while
he's been breaking the law in contacting
witnesses while he's out on bail
here's Greg Andres the prosecutor from
the special counsels office it's
important to note as well judge that
this issue with the obstruction of
justice the government didn't learn
about that by somehow subpoenaing or
monitoring or getting a search warrant
for mr. manna for its communications we
learned about it because a witness in
this case who was part of the
government's investigation brought forth
the information about the tampering and
that's when we started our investigation
that's when we ask the court for
additional time to give our opinion
about bail and that's where we started
our investigation so there's no way to
monitor mr. manna ports communications
in some effective way the only condition
that defense counsel suggests will
address the issue of him mr. manna for
tampering with witnesses is a no contact
list it's just not sufficient to protect
the community or to give the court any
confidence that mr. manna fort will not
try this again it's not as
single episode it's a campaign that took
place over five weeks as we sit here
today judge Mr manna Ford has committed
a crime while he's on bail as we sit
here today judge mr. manna fort is out
on a ten million dollar recognizance
bond and he's been indicted for a crime
while on bail the judge responds thank
you I want to take some time to absorb
it and at that point there's actually a
little bit more arguing more pleading
for manna for its defense counsel about
the delicate balancing acts that they
say is needed here the judge says okay
takes a 15-minute recess and then she
comes back and she issues her ruling and
she explains why she's going to put the
president's campaign chairman in jail
and this part of what happened today
this is the part that like it's gonna
make your kid who's watching with you
watching this with you tonight it's
gonna make your kid want to grow up to
not be just a lawyer and to definitely
not want to be a defendant this is the
part that's maybe gonna make your kid
want to be a judge so if you don't want
that time to turn me off all right so
the judge comes back from the 15-minute
recess and she says quote the touchstone
of the bail Reform Act is still and
always has been flight and safety
meaning risk of flight by the defendant
so that they wouldn't have to go to
trial flight and safety the law is clear
that I cannot impose pretrial detention
to punish this defendant for the alleged
conduct in the new allegations and so I
have struggled with this decision here I
don't believe there's been any change in
the defendants risk of flight the
additional charges don't really change
the calculus that much given when he was
already facing is he a danger well the
grand jury has found probable cause to
believe that the defendant mr. manna
fort has attempted to corruptly persuade
people to lie there's been no evidence
of even a threat of harm to any person
we don't have what one would consider
the typical sort of harm to the
community at large dangerous substances
being peddled on the corner unlawful
possession of firearms the harm in this
case is the harm to the administration
of justice
it's the harm to the integrity of the
court system and the judge says
I've wrestled with this what conditions
could there be this is not middle school
I can't take his cell phone and if I say
well don't call the 56 witnesses that
defense counsel tells me I need to
clearly list in this order will man
afford call the 57th all the defendant
has said to me is well there wasn't a
clear enough order saying not to do it
and my problem is I don't think I can
draft a clear enough order to cover
every possible future violation of the
United States Code and I shouldn't have
to I thought about this long and hard
mr. Mann affort I have no appetite for
this but in the end I cannot turn a
blind eye to these allegations given the
number of contacts the persistence of
the contacts and their obvious intent
and import it's how they were perceived
and received by the person to whom they
were made and this witness tampering
occurred while the defendant was already
on bond and already under an order by
another judge to not do this the
indictment alleges a corrupt attempt to
undermine the integrity and truth of the
fact-finding process upon which our
system of justice depends the defense
suggested that it was inappropriate for
the government to bring these matters to
my attention so I want to state quite
clearly that it absolutely was not you
struck that note repeatedly in your
papers but this hearing is not about
politics it's not about the conduct of
the Office of Special Counsel it's about
the defendants alleged conduct I'm very
troubled but the contacts with these
witnesses are alleged to have taken
place even after you were under an
explicit order not to contact witnesses
directly or indirectly I am concerned
that you seem inclined to treat these
proceedings as just another marketing
exercise and not a criminal case brought
by a duly appointed federal prosecutor
in a federal court all of this at bottom
affects my judgement about whether you
can be trusted to comply with the
court's directives that is the finding
that the statute also requires me to
make if I release you and I can't make
it you have abused the trust placed in
you six months ago
and therefore the government's motion
will be granted and the defendant will
be detained
pending trial as of today mana forts
defense council quote Your Honor we
would ask that the court stay in
position of any remand to allow us to
appeal the judge then turns to the
prosecutors what's the government's
position on that
Greg Andres the prosecutor special facts
from the special counsels office says
judge there are no conditions to address
any of the concerns of the court there
are no conditions as the court has found
to guard against the danger to the
community
so we oppose that application and then
the judge says and I'm also concerned
that now that I've issued this order the
risk of flight has just multiplied
substantially so the judge says I
appreciate the request for an appeal and
it's a serious request and I understand
that but I'm gonna deny it and that's
how it happened and then the president's
campaign chairman was taken away to jail
he waved to his wife he was led out of
the courtroom a few moments after he was
let out of the courtroom a US Marshal
came back into the courtroom and handed
mrs. mana fort her husband's wallet and
his belt and the very nice burgundy
colored tie that he was wearing
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
