president Trump's hour-long media blitz
this morning he made a number of
inaccurate or misleading statements
about the inspector general's report on
the FBI is handling of the 2016 election
the IG report came out yesterday the FBI
looks bad very bad
well no it's Comey but the top people
were horrible you look at what happened
they were plotting against my election
probably has never happened like that in
terms of intelligence in terms of
anything else if they were actually
plotting against my elections the
headline right now from The Wall Street
Journal DOJ Clinton report blasts Comey
and agents but finds no bias in
conclusion well the end result was wrong
I mean there was total bias it was a
pretty good report and then I say that
the IG blew it at the very end with that
statement because when you read the
report it was almost like Comey he goes
point after point about how guilty
Hillary is and then he said but we're
not going to do anything about it the
report the IG report was a horror show I
thought that one sentence of conclusion
was ridiculous much of what the
president said today isn't true
according to the roughly five hundred
page report there was quote no evidence
that improper considerations including
political bias directly affected the
investigation Trump also falsely claimed
the report exonerated him that's
something that was not addressed by the
Inspector General let's watch if you
write the IG report I've been totally
exact look at the investigation for more
I'm joined by philip bump washington
post political reporter and then
benjamin witness MSNBC legal analyst and
lawfare editor-in-chief from washington
now Phil let me start with you let's so
let's be clear what this IG Inspector
General report covered this was about
the FBI's handling of the investigation
of Hillary Clinton in the email issue in
2016 this was not Trump Russia the sort
of stuff we talked about in terms of
Russia and collusion that's exactly
right
I mean it was it was a little broader
than that I mean it also included for
example these text messages that were
going back and forth between FBI
employees Peter struck and Lisa Paige
had addressed this this other issue of
an FBI employee who apparently had given
a heads-up to John Podesta about this
other thing there's a lot that was in
there but if
just on the campaign that focused on
what had been done during the campaign
by the FBI and whether or not there had
been a violation of the FBI's
prohibitions against bias in their in
their investigations and what it found
as you just heard was that there were
things that they were worried about red
flags that were raised but they found
that these investigations were not
actually tainted by that bias right so
when when the president says he's been
exonerated by is the is there any sense
what he's referring to is there
something in there that he can hang that
on is there any sense at all what that
what that reference means so I'm
extremely skeptical that President Trump
spent much time actually reading the
document what I would a guess is the
president rump seemed he makes broad
claims and then seizes upon little
things to validate them and so he has
two operating theories among many about
the Moller investigation one is Comey
was bad the other is the FBI was biased
in that report you can make arguments to
both of those points you can make points
you know this this will stop Trump texts
that came out in the report there's
evidence to the FBI bias obviously there
was a lot about Comey in there
Comey is bad therefore everything Donald
Trump said about combing the FBI is
accurate therefore Donald Ron was
exonerated I feel as though we're all
three years into this fight now we have
a decent sense of how Donald sprain
works I think that's where he may be
going but there certainly is nothing
from a categorical sense that exonerates
him about the Russia investigation at
all in any way let me bring you in this
cuz I and I know you you have a
relationship with Jim Comey and I know
you've written about him quite a bit I
do want to ask you about the Comey piece
of this because if we separate what the
president's saying what the president's
claiming this report does really drill
down on James Comey his conduct during
the 2016 campaign as it relates to the
Clinton email investigation and it's
pretty scathing it accuses him of
insubordination at one point if you go
back to that let me ask you about this
in particular this is where they say
insubordination
they say that press conference he held
in the summer of 2016 where he said he's
not gonna recommend charges against
Hillary Clinton
but then he essentially in the court of
public opinion it seemed he indicted her
anyway the Clinton people have looked
back at that and said that's something
that cost her dearly in the 2016
campaign something he never should have
done and this report is saying that the
act of doing that press conference
without giving it heads up to the
Justice Department represented
insubordination do you think that's a
fair conclusion look I've been I think
that you know Jim did the things he did
I have defended some of them had
anxieties about others the by the way I
was one of a very small number of people
to raise anxieties about this publicly
about the substance of that press
conference at the time that it happened
you know he did the things that he did
he's accountable for them the IG
characterizes them the way the IG
characterizes them Jim has responded by
saying he respects the I G's work though
he disagrees with the conclusions
there's never been a doubt factually
about what happened here these were
tough choices
Jim made the ones that he made and he
has to stand up to history and its
judgments in response and I think he's
actually pretty comfortable with that
what what do you make of it though I
mean the FBI director giving that press
conference in the heat of a campaign and
then again the one that Hillary Clinton
folks a to this day Hillary Clinton
herself has said publicly things cost
her the election that letter ten days
before the election what do you think
that was proper so I think the merits of
these questions are very different I had
problems with the press conference at
the time that had happened and I still
think that that was not the greatest
idea in the world I also you know I I
also think by the way that it was not in
the highest traditions of the Justice
Department for the Attorney General to
play no role in the question of what was
said at the end of that investigation so
the problem was both that Comey
chose to give that statement but also
the problem was also that the Attorney
General chose to just kind of sit there
and let him do it I think something very
similar about the October letter I think
it was probably not a great thing to do
and I think the problem was both that
that Jim took it upon himself to make
that announcement but also that Sally
Yates and Loretta Lynch didn't pick up
the phone and you
knowing he was planning to do it and say
no you know you're actually our
subordinate don't do that so I think you
know I think there were a lot of
mistakes here but I'm not I I think the
the distribution of blame is a little
bit broader than then the IG describes
it in my view anyway
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
