President Trump promised to crack down
on illegal immigration and right now
that means immigrant families are being
torn apart when they try to cross the
southern border in certain areas the
Trump administration's zero tolerance
policy calls for prosecutions of any
immigrants caught trying to come here
illegally and that means parents who
cross with their kids are being taken to
jail and their kids cannot come with
them we now know that nearly 2000
children were taken from their parents
in the last six weeks alone now those
kids are being held in detention
facilities like this one in Texas next
week the house may consider legislation
that they say would ensure families
crossing the border can stay together
because even some Republicans in
Congress right now believe these
policies are going too far are you
comfortable with the current zero
tolerance policy leading to parents and
children being separated at the border
no I'm not we don't want kids to be
separated from their parents and let's
be clear here before now children were
usually allowed to stay with their
parents in the detention centers while
awaiting legal proceedings no party has
enacted any law that forces authorities
to separate families despite what
President Trump falsely claimed this
morning the Democrats forced that law
upon our nation I hate it I hate to see
separation of parents and children I'm
joined now by Customs and Border
Protection Commissioner Kevin Mack
aleena mr. mcclean thanks for coming on
let me start with this what is what are
the orders that you've received and
where did they come from that says you
must separate all asylum seekers no
matter where they're coming over the
border I think it's important to start
with a little bit of context so what
we're seeing at the border we're in our
third month of over 50,000 people
arriving crossing between the ports
illegally or arriving at the ports
without documents these folks have taken
a harrowing journey spending five to
seven thousand dollars per person with
some of the most ruthless criminal
organizations in the world drug cartels
that have that have diversified their
business to then involve themselves in
human smuggling so they've suffered
extreme risk they're held in stash
houses they're put in in semi trucks and
100 degree heat it's a tremendously
dangerous experience and we
unfortunately see hundreds of people die
on both sides of the border every year
during this journey and the Borg toll
makes thousands of rescues every year at
the same time so that's that's the cycle
that we're seeing over over 250,000 kids
since 2014
320,000 family groups arriving and we
need to do something to break that cycle
okay so the policy got changed who
ordered it boarded the change in policy
so you've referenced the Attorney
General's decision to go to zero
tolerance for immigration violations for
over ten years the u.s. Border Patrol
has had a consequence delivery system
where you try to apply consequences for
violating the law an immigration
violation crossing the border illegally
is not a victimless crime it puts those
individuals at risk it puts the border
agents trying to interdict them at risk
and it creates chaos in the border
communities where you have people in
failure to yield situations high-speed
chases you have people in semis it's not
a good situation on any why is so hard
though in this Detention Center for
instance the one that the media was
allowed to tour why is it so hard to
keep families together there I'm really
glad you asked that question because
that's exactly what jeh Johnson did his
Secretary of Homeland Security in 2014
the first time we saw a crisis like this
we didn't have family residential
centers where families could be detained
together at that time he made the
decision because of these risks that
they were facing because of this cycle
of violence and danger for these
families being enticed into the system
by our immigration laws he decided to
detain families and repatriate them
after their immigration proceedings
unfortunately a year later in 2015 a
district court judge interpreting a
20-year old settlement between the IAS
and several plaintiffs determined that
we could not detain children even if
they were accompanied by their parents
for more than 20 days they can't finish
their proceedings with due process in 20
days so they essentially forced released
so we don't have that tool in our
toolbox to keep them together that's
what the administration is asked are
they trying to generate a crisis here
absolutely not because right now it's we
didn't it didn't feel like what right
now there's this it feels like a
humanitarian crisis that we had one way
of dealing with it before that felt a
bit more humane everything you described
it's sort of like you're scrubbing the
heroin journey and you're describing a
lot of empathy and then you're taking
their kid then gonna take the kid away
that makes it ten times 1,000 times
worse the crisis existed before six
years ago yeah it was a humanitarian
crisis for these people being enticed
into the smuggling cycle no question
about it what we don't have is that
ability to keep them together a better
system and the administration has asked
for Congress to change the law to allow
us to keep families together through
their immigration proceeding make a good
swift fair decision and if they need to
be repatriated they'll be repatriated if
they meet the asylum criteria they be
allowed to stay what is the process when
a child is separated from their parent
right now are they allowed to say
goodbye what kind of contact is allowed
I mean we have gotten anecdotal stories
or some of some pretty it doesn't feel
very compassionate right now I'm very
concerned about the anecdotal stories
that have been reported our verb
Chileans are compassionate these are men
and women who are parents that got into
law enforcement to protect people that's
why they do their job over 50% of them
are Latinos and Hispanics these children
look like their own children and so
they're doing this in the most humane
and civilized way they possibly can
explain to the adult you violated our
laws you're going to be prosecuted it's
not a permanent situation that you're
going to be apart from your child but we
need you to take you to court and your
child is going to go into the care of
Health and Human Services professionals
that deal with children every day so
what is it can how do they can they say
goodbye what it was we just had to do
HHS and Department of Homeland Security
just put a factsheet up that explains
the process that explains who to contact
for parents to try to reunite with their
children it explains how advocates and
family can also get information and
support the process you have enough
manpower actually no we need more board
fillings and more CBP officers or we
have a tremendously broad mission we've
got since you got a whole bunch of that
kind of funding we did get a bunch of
new funding to hire new people right
well we got the money for another three
hundred twenty-eight officers and FY 18
we're making good progress we're now
starting to hire board challenges more
successfully again so yes we were asking
for and receiving support from Congress
on on personnel if the president asks
attorney general sessions who
essentially changed a zero-tolerance
policy how
how fast could you change the way Border
Patrol handles asylum seekers
well more more helpfully if Congress
would close the double standard on how
we treat kids depending on where they're
trying to be a political realist here
yeah I know you're not a political guy
but guess what Congress is not gonna
pass anything in an election year all
right that's pretty clear we're now in
this no-man's land of political
paralysis if the president sort of
orders jeff sessions to change his
policy could you implement it quickly
we're an operational law enforcement
agency we respond very quickly at a
direction was it is it you find it
harder to do it this way versus how jeh
Johnson had you do it four years ago
absolutely this is tremendously
challenging for law enforcement
professionals they want to be out on
that border caching smugglers or bring
hard narcotics in to threaten our
community this is actually 118 resources
away what you're doing now by having to
separate these folks this is taking
resources away from being able to worry
about the bad guy those resources were
already obligated to catch the families
and children and process them that we're
coming across so there's no further
impact on our resources what we'd like
to do is have them either apply for
asylum at ports of entry which is a
lawful way to do it or if we could close
these loopholes to have a much more
consistent system where they're not
trying at all you're probably aware of
this but at the port of entry and the
line is so long they're being told don't
even bother
so makatsch 22 you're telling them don't
come in between ports of entry and yet
you know the line is so long it some
some people are alleging that it's being
slow locked at ports of entry and in
order to encourage discouragement I know
you're dealing with a lot of these kind
of allegations what's going on at the
ports of entry yeah that's that's not
the case we do have capacity issues take
a port like San Ysidro over a hundred
and thirty thousand people a day
arriving at that port of entry the
busiest in North America one of the
busiest in the world it's also the the
site where most of the hard narcotics
come into the u.s. through the southwest
border
in personally owned vehicles in
compartments in gas tanks in axles so
our our officers have a tremendously
important mission there to facilitate
that lawful travel and to find those
drugs so we're trying to make sure that
we can accommodate people arriving
without documents process their claims
for asylum
lawfully but also balance it across all
of our missions so sometimes people do
have to wait a little while what is it
that you need Congress to do that would
make your job easier we needed clothes
for the Borah security perspective there
are three main issues it's a double
standard on kids kids from Mexico or
repatriated swiftly and it's a very
small percentage of unaccompanied
children coming in not a Mexico issue
despite what the president says this
Central American issue is the Central
America and further away but primarily
the northern triangle of Central America
secondly we need to end this catch and
release practice where families have to
be released within 20 days so they're
not coming to their court hearings and
we can't finish that process we'd like
to keep them together in in custody and
then third the asylum gap at the
credible fear level we're 20 percent of
p80 percent of people are being found
you might be able to prove a case for
asylum but then years later when they
see an immigration judge that's down to
20 percent results so that gap is
creating an incentive to come illegally
alright professional michaleen I know
this is a challenging time politically
policy wise and for the folks on the
border thanks for coming on and
explaining thanks for let us talk about
what we're doing I appreciate it hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more beat the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
