Paul Manafort is about to spend his
first night in jail and it could be the
first of many a judge saying today that
she cannot turn a blind eye to charges
of witness tampering that occurred as
recently as this April quote this is not
middle school I can't take away his cell
phone the judge said if I tell him not
to call 56 witnesses will he call the
57th metaphore will remain in jail
through his trial in September on
charges of money laundering and
conspiracy the president weighed in on
new on this news with the defensive
rants Wow
what a tough sentence for Paul Manafort
who has represented Ronald Reagan Bob
Dole and many other top political people
in campaigns didn't no mana for it was
the head of the mob
what about Comey and crooked Hillary and
all of the others very unfair the
president doesn't seem to understand
that Paul Manafort hasn't been convicted
of or sentenced to anything just yet
he's going to jail because he apparently
couldn't make it to trial without
committing new crimes Trump's tweets
keeps coming as questions mount over
whether metaphor will flip and cooperate
with Muller in the Russian investigation
but the president started the day with
nearly an hour of media appearances here
he is on metaphors like metaphor it has
nothing to do with our campaign but I
feel so I tell you I feel a little badly
about if they went back 12 years to get
things that he did 12 years ago
you know Paul Manafort worked for me for
a very short period of time he worked
for me worked for 49 days or something a
very short period of time I feel badly
for some people because they've gone
back 12 years to find things about
somebody once again the president has
this back strong mana fort worked to top
the Trump campaign for about a hundred
days longer than Trump is claiming and
the alleged crimes that put him behind
bars were committed weeks not years ago
from the Washington Post White House
bureau chief Phil Rucker joins us Harry
Lippmann former US attorney and former
Deputy Assistant Attorney General's here
at the table Paul Butler a former
federal prosecutor now a Georgetown
University law professor and John
Holland's back NBC News and MSNBC
national affairs analyst let me start
with you Phil rocker quite a display
a spectacle is the word that comes to
mind the president holding court on
everything but really I want to show you
something he said about Andrew Weissman
one of the prosecutors who I believe has
his name and all of the charging
documents as they pertain to Paul
Manafort president obviously knew this
was coming or may have known this was
coming let's watch the problem with the
Muller investigation is everybody's got
massive conflicts you have Weissman who
was that Hillary Clinton's funeral
meaning her party that turned into a
funeral and they were screaming and
crying they were going crazy how can you
have people like this so you have a
column the 13 angry Democrats you have
tremendous animosity tremendous
animosity that's what he talks
everything up to facts be damned yeah
that's right Nicole and it just fits a
pattern from Donald Trump President
Trump over the last several weeks along
with Rudy Giuliani his attorney to try
to make this investigation seem partisan
to talk about the 13 angry Democrats
which is a term he uses over and over
again on Twitter to really discredit
what Moeller's doing and discredit some
of these charges and you know now we
have somebody for the first time going
to jail over all of this that's very
real I think it's quite frightening to
people around the president I know it is
it probably is to the president as well
and so he's trying to you know basically
be the referee here and say this is
unfair it's tainted it's partisan it's a
political witch-hunt
but it's a real investigation and it's
serious and the actions today show you
how serious it is
Harry Lippmann let me read you Rudy
Giuliani's quote to the New York Daily
News today he said quote when this whole
thing is over things might get cleaned
up with some presidential pardons
there's a pattern here with pardons I
want to ask you what that looks like to
investigators New York Times reporting
that Trump's lawyer then lawyer John
Dowd had raised the prospect of pardons
for Flynn and mana for the summer before
they were charged by Bob Muller and I
wonder what all this talk of pardons
looks like on the day that the
president's former campaign Chairman
goes to jail what it looks like is more
obstruction although obstruction
that does partake of a very tricky
constitutional legal question so for
prosecutors they see it as more attempt
to just not just scuttle the possible
prosecution but actually Telegraph to
witnesses and in some ways even more
offensive to just sit tight don't talk
don't cooperate it'll all be good at the
end of the day there's a lot of reason
to think that that is flatly
unconstitutional use of the pardon power
but it's a question that actually hasn't
been litigated and would and would put
Muller and company into tricky legal
territory but they certainly see it as
as more attempts to just flagrantly
throw a wrench into the into the
prosecution I want to go into some of
the substance with you John Heilemann
the president also weighing in on one of
the flash points in the obstruction of
justice investigation talking about he
was pressed on whether or not he
dictated that statement that was crafted
aboard Air Force One we know that
everyone involved has been of interest
to Bob Muller and his obstruction of
justice inquiry it was on that flight
where they crafted a statement for Don
jr. it was it was the flash point over
which mark Corallo then the spokesperson
for the legal team quit because he
thought he was watching justice so let's
watch the president try to explain that
did you dictate the statement about
Donald try to you let's not talk about
it you know what that is
but can you tell elephant it's a
statement to the New York Times the
phony failing New York Times just wait a
minute it's clear it's not a statement
to a high tribunal of judges under such
a statement to the phony New York Times
frankly he shouldn't even speak to the
New York Times because they only write
phony stories anyway question to
formulate so just go well I mean there's
I mean there's so many things to look at
there obviously that is just I mean the
simple plain plain truth of it is that's
a question you did not want to answer
and did not come close to answering
anyway not I mean you know why he didn't
now all I did was obfuscate turn on the
fog machine and say next question right
while throwing it through a few elbows
at the New York Times if you actually
tried to parse it in logical terms right
his argument would be something like the
New York Times is fake news so it's okay
for me to lie to the New York Times but
obviously this is honestly ridiculous
and let me just judge there's that which
is obviously ridiculous but also as we
all know when the President or one of
the president's children in the middle
of an investigation like this issues a
public statement to any representative
of the Fourth Estate it is to all of us
it's not to CNN or New York Times you're
making a public statement from the
office of the presidency or from one of
the the children of the auto of the
president is it happen
the president's involved in drafting it
he is making an official statement on
the heart where president United States
to all Americans and so even if you took
the first argument which obviously he
was just trying to get out of answering
the question it would be even if you
didn't consider ridiculous it would be
irrelevant to the real question which is
this is a public statement to the
American people you cannot lie in the
middle of an investigation to the
American people and to the prosecutors
who are part of the American part of the
answer that I thought was so interesting
was that's not a statement to a high
tribunal of judges well Bob Muller isn't
a high tribunal of judges but he is an
investigator looking into the crafting
of the statement and whether it was an
attempt to obstruct justice
it sounds like he's trying to say it
seems like he's trying to say I was not
under I mean I know what Donald Trump is
ever trying to say but it's the best of
my knowledge it seems like what he's
trying to say is I'm not under oath I
when I speak to the press it's different
if you're in a court of law and you are
under oath or in front of Congress and
you're under oath than if you were
speaking to the press and we have noted
on this
and other occasions that it is not a
crime to lie to the press if it was
every president of our lifetime would
have gone to jail but it is the case
that in the middle of a ongoing
investigation when you're making public
statements from the office of the
presidency you are now entering things
that would become part of the court
record or part of the political record
so it's it's ridiculous on 25 levels
it's also where Scooter Libby ended up
being charged with obstruction of
justice and perjury because he lied to
federal investigators about his
conversations with reporters so there is
a lot of history of people being asked
about their contacts and conversations
with reporters that ends up getting them
charged with obstruction of justice and
perjury so it is a legitimate subject of
the investigation hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
