having children does not give you
immunity from arrest and prosecution
bringing children with you doesn't
guarantee you won't get prosecuted
cannot be I would say you to the Apostle
Paul and his clear and wise command in
Romans 13 to obey the laws of the
government because God is obtained
ordain the government for his purposes
attorney general Jeff Sessions they're
citing the Bible today as justification
for a trump policy separating parents
and children who enter the country
illegally at today's White House
briefing things got intense
when press secretary Sarah Huckabee
Sanders was asked repeatedly about
sessions comments and the policy change
I can say that it is very biblical to
enforce the law that is actually
repeated a number of times throughout
the Bible however this is a hold on Jim
if you let me finish
again I'm not going to comment on the
attorneys specific comments that I
haven't seen I know it's hard for you to
understand even short sentences I guess
but in please don't take my words out of
context but the separation of a legal
family alien families is the product of
the same legal loopholes that Democrats
refuse to close and these laws are the
same that have been on the books for
over a decade and the president is
simply enforcing them come on Sarah
you're a parent don't you have any
empathy for what these people are going
through they have less dry news
I'm trying to be serious but I'm not
gonna have you yell out of turn Chili's
it's a law and and they have these
people have nothing hey Ron I know you
want to get some more TV as of tonight
there are over 11,000 migrant children
in US custody that is up sharply in just
the last few weeks let's talk about it
with our next two guests here tonight
and Nita Kumar White House correspondent
for McClatchy Newspapers and Eli Stone
Cold's White House reporter for the Los
Angeles Times who was in the briefing
today Anita there is this effort to act
as if this separation of adults and
children is somehow enshrined in law
what is going on here and isn't it true
this would be reversible tomorrow
morning if they wished sure I mean it's
the administration has really struggled
for the last few weeks to come up with
with the reason for this you know that
one you heard what the Attorney General
said today and what Sarah Sanders said
today they've had different reasons for
this I mean if they want to do it then
they should stick by it and say what the
actual reason is but yes you are correct
you know this is the same laws on the
books that the Obama administration had
they handled it differently they didn't
do it this way and what the
administration is basically saying is
that people that cross the border
illegally should be prosecuted and
they're going to do that now the Obama
administration didn't always do that so
if that's the law they're talking about
it yes I guess there is one but they
don't have to do it this way and it
hasn't been done this way before they
could change that policy tomorrow it's
also true that Congress could act and
and force them to stop this and so
there's a bill
there's no standalone bill I don't think
in Congress but they are talking about a
compromise in this big immigration
package that they're looking at but that
package is probably not going to pass
Eli this also includes cases where
people are presenting themselves for
asylum and have broken no law
everyone reminded us today there are
many Bible passages about perhaps loving
these kids as we would our own
children the Bible you have to admit was
an interesting way to go certainly and I
think you know it's been pointed out
today that this particular passage that
the Attorney General cited has been used
a couple other times in American history
once in opposition of the American
Revolution going way back and also in
the run-up to the Civil War in defense
of slavery hasn't really been used too
much since but Jeff Sessions dusted it
off here today and as Anita said it's in
defense of a policy that they are having
a hard time defending even though
enforcing immigration laws more strictly
is something this president campaigned
on and as Sarah will sometimes point out
this is nothing new this is not a policy
change for the president they're just
closing the loopholes that they say
Democrats left open so they're sort of
acknowledging it there and then another
thing that struck me in the briefing was
the disingenuous nosov blaming this all
on Democrats you remember when the
president got rid of daca with an
executive order he said you know if only
Democrats would come to the table maybe
we could bring it back but he wanted to
exact some ransom for it and really he's
doing the same thing with this here with
these families you're seeing really
wrenching images and heartbreaking
stories about these families and the
line from the White House has been this
is horrible we really wish it weren't
this way but Democrats have to come to
the table and give us something and
never mind the fact that Republicans
control both the house and the Senate
and there are a couple immigration bills
supposedly getting votes in the house
soon but nobody who follows that expects
either one of them to pass they see that
really as a gimmick for the speaker to
avoid the discharge petition staring him
in the face
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
