come on Sarah you're a parent don't you
have any empathy for what these people
are going through they have less crime
trying to be serious but I'm not gonna
have you get a lot of turn Jill please
it's a law and and they have that these
people have nothing hey I know you want
to get some more TV it's a serious
question these people have nothing they
come to the border with nothing any pro
children and cages you're a parent of
young children don't you have any
empathy for what they go through the
moral crisis of the Trump
administration's policy of separating
immigrant families is boiling over the
administration has chosen to tear
children away from their parents and no
one no one is willing to take ownership
for that for what they're doing today
all in got an exclusive snapshot of what
it's like to be one of those parents
desperately searching for their children
a tipster sent us the information that
immigrants are given when they are taken
into custody and their children are
ripped away from them they are
apparently handed a piece of paper with
the following text in both English and
Spanish you have been charged with the
crime of illegal entry into the United
States and violation of law within the
next 48 hours you will be presented
before a judge for having violated this
law while this process is occurring your
child or children will be transferred to
the United States Department of Health
and Human Services office of refugee
resettlement the office of refugee
resettlement is responsible for
providing care for children that have
been separated from the parent for
assistance in locating your child or
children you may contact the office of
refugee resettlement for information
about your immigration case or the
process for reunifying with your child
or children contact Immigration and
Customs Enforcement this afternoon we
called the number on that card and
imagine yourself as a parent who has had
their child taken away and in custody
and in detention and maybe with no
access to phone but you get access to a
phone and then you call this and the
number you're you you're supposed to
call to find your child that has been
taken away from you and you hear this
all calls are recorded for Quality
Assurance purposes so long as Hamas told
about us but Apple see so they that idea
because you God if you're calling the
attention reporting an information line
at immigration and customs of course in
our eyes to continue this call and
English press 1 thank you for calling
the ice detention reporting and
information line information you provide
during this call may be transcribed and
retained in our call logs this includes
names addresses phone numbers other
personal identifiers vehicle information
and information related to criminal and
immigration history additionally ice
uses caller ID to identify your phone
number and may record your phone number
if it is available through caller ID ice
may disclose the information collected
during this call within the Department
of Homeland Security or externally as
appropriate and consistent with federal
law and policy providing information
during this call is completely voluntary
however as you to provide information we
request may limit our ability to assist
you if you are in ice custody please
press 1 all other callers please press 2
that's the message again in other words
if you want to get your kid back call a
number that will use anything you tell
them to build the case to possibly
deport you and then there are more
stories coming out about what it's like
inside those child detention facilities
today the LA Times published the account
of one worker at a facility in Tucson
who described a train a strained and
understaffed environment for children
that whistleblower antar davidson joins
me right now aunt are you worked in a
facility in Tucson can you tell me how
many kids were in there and what their
ages were sure first thanks for having
me on the show I resigned as of Tuesday
as a conscientious objector to what was
happening there so I no longer worked
there basically the kid they were about
ranging between 280 to 300 kids aged
from about 4 to 17
however some there have been a adults
that posed as adolescents and they were
caught and they were as old as 26 4 to
17 I want I want to focus in on the
the this transition period the change
after what's called the zero tolerance
policy or family separation starts
happening in the last few months what
change you see in a facility that had
been designed for unaccompanied minors
that is now getting children who are
being taken from their parents what did
you see change there yep well you see
basically a facility set up for its more
transient population that is extremely
strained already then have to deal with
a much more traumatized population that
is has no clue what's going on the laws
are changing everyday and as such seeing
as they're kids some as young as five
they're extremely traumatized by this
and act up and they were the kids were
really there were more kids coming and
they were more and more traumatized and
harder to deal with leading to a harder
more authoritarian approach by the staff
and in attempting to deal with them
elaborate that you're saying what were
the signs of trauma from these young
kids you're talking about kids five six
seven who just been pulled away from
their parents sure putting your facility
how are they manifesting that so just a
little bit of background until until the
zero tolerance policy the majority of
kids that came were from Guatemala and
they this policy had been in place for
about four to five years so they kind of
knew the drill they knew that when they
get to the border they talked to a
Border Patrol agent that agent would
then put them in the facility they'd be
there up to about three months and then
they'd be reunified with papers and put
into a public school on their
destination so the kids that had come up
and tells us zero tolerance policy the
majority were kids that knew what was
gonna happen they knew they knew what
they were getting into after that when a
zero tolerance policy happened basically
it wasn't these people that knew the
drill they were kids and people and kids
you know up to seventeen that were
actually ripped from their parents and
had no idea what was going on in the
case that really broke the camel's back
for me these were Brazilian kids and
they there was no one speaking to them
in Portuguese it was very day so they
hardly even understood and they didn't
and it was not even really explained to
them well either what is there are there
you know if you have a foster care
system that the state will have some
usually it's usually insufficient
but some mental health care for kids
particularly coming out of trauma
there'll be there'll be social workers
or there'll be therapists to work with
those are their mental health services
being provided for these kids who've
just seen their parents ripped away from
them sure they they do eventually get a
clinician it sometimes takes a few days
for instance I was the first person the
first person to speak Portuguese so the
issue with these seven brazilian kids
was they do have a clinician but the
clinician didn't speak their language
and it's very difficult to use by phone
so they weren't even understanding the
clinician part or their case manager
part but each kid is in southwest key
they are assigned clinicians however
that department in South was key is very
under under understaffed they were
offering bonuses of between two and
three thousand dollars for the
successful hiring of a clinician and
stand or a case manager because the
turnover was so high in those
departments final question for you when
you're talking about four or five years
old five year olds like who is care
that's a very young kid it's not a kid
that you got a 14 year old 13 year old
12 year old you can have lights out go
to the dorm wake up the morning they
come down for breakfast for your
five-year-old you got to be managing
that kid much more closely are they are
there enough adults and are they trained
to be looking after a four year old not
at all we received one week of training
and now these kids are extremely
traumatized and they're put to bed at
the end of the shift our shift would end
at 9:30 and these are people as much as
the children are suffering the workers
are suffering they're kept in temporary
positions and meanwhile the CEO and his
wife clear more than a million dollars a
year in mostly federal tax money and
they basically undercut the services so
it's a basic private prison model in in
in the guise of this shelter so the
people at the end of the day when they
have to put these kids to sleep have
already worked an eight-hour shift are
oftentimes asked to stay overtime and
exhausted and on top of that these kids
are very traumatized they're running up
and down the halls screaming crying for
their mom throwing chairs and everyone
is it's a tired under trained staff
dealing with an increasingly traumatized
and uncomplaining popular population of
minors before disaster we've invited the
CEO of Southwest key to appear on the
show we've gotten no response
so we would love to have them on talking
about this antar davidson thank you for
the inside view appreciate it
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
