today the Justice Department include
concluded its internal review of the
FBI's handling of the Hillary Clinton
the email investigation enrollment finds
no evidence of political bias in the
FBI's prosecutorial decisions it says
that former director James Comey made a
serious Arab judgment when he sent a
letter to Congress reopen the
investigation of Hillary's emails just
days before the election and also called
Comey insubordinate for his decision to
hold a press conference in July of 2016
without consulting an attorney general
it was there that come he criticized
Clinton despite and announced that no
charges would be brought we all remember
this let's watch although we did not
find clear evidence that Secretary
Clinton or her colleagues intended to
violate laws governing the handling of
classified information there is evidence
that they were extremely careless in
their handling of very sensitive highly
classified information despite those
criticisms the report states that we
found no evidence that commis public
statement announcing the FBI's decision
to close the investigation was a result
of bias or an effort to influence the
election tell me right now it's Joanne
Ainsley national political reporter for
NBC News
Cynthia oxley is a former federal
prosecutor and congressman Jerrold
Nadler of New York is the ranking
Democrat in the House Judiciary
Committee congressman it seems to me the
big takeaway from this report there was
a voluminous report was a come he was
wrong to make that statement he did and
the big announcement about Hillary
situation on the emails in July and
Barry wrong 11 days before the election
when he reopened the whole thing
publicly your thoughts I think there are
two big takeaways and that's certainly
one of them he should not have done
either one of those things he
substituted his own judgment for
Department guidelines and and principles
was designed to make sure that they
don't affect an election and arguably he
certainly did affect the election and
secondly on that point do you think
Hillary is right of me that the 11 days
out saying that the Anthony Weiner
matter had opened the whole thing up
again that really had effect on the
results oh it certainly had an effect on
the results with had enough of an effect
they've changed the outcome I think it's
probably true but you can't prove that
but the second takeaway is that contrary
to what the Republicans were saying for
the for a year and a half before the
election and to this day there was no
bias in the FBI there was no bias in the
Department of Justice
and and they were trying to to to push
the Department of Justice as they're
trying to pressure the special
prosecutor now as they trying to taint
the jury pool the public against
whatever he says now and this is very
important to say there was no political
bias whatsoever what jumped out at me
because I'm like the people who watch
this show a political person I pay
attention I read all the papers watch
everything I know you were at the heart
of becoming for the New York media
you're not you live in it every day do
you think it's believable because this
is in the report that James Comey the
head of the FBI did not know that who
Mohammad and Hillary Clinton's Topkick
was married to Anthony we're the
congressmen in New York who got in all
that trouble didn't know they were
together okay do you think that's true I
don't know whether it's true or not but
I change of things have happened since I
don't know what he reads it doesn't read
didn't he make I don't know tells me
it's not a political guy coming whether
you make a comment on something I mean
come on of course he knew of course he
knew of course you know it's ridiculous
I'm you know I don't like to wager but I
do think that the reason we're asking
this question it's not just because it's
fun to play these games in Washington
this is a New York tabloid story that
never-quit about Anthony Weiner how many
jokes about it true but I think the real
reason why that matters it's because of
the delay we found out from this report
today that as of September 29 2016 they
had enough information to subpoena those
emails on Anthony Weiner's computer so
why did we not hear about that till
October 28th when he told was there a
danger there a special agent there who
slowed it down to have a bigger impact
is what they investigated what they
found is there a number of people who
decided not to move forward one of those
was coming one of those was McCabe they
say political bias shouldn't be involved
in their decision but another one was
Peter struck and as we saw from text
messages today it looks like he did have
a political bias and they couldn't quite
what did you make of this this members a
special agent he said I'm gonna I'm
gonna stop Trump from being elected was
that just both both bull talk yeah yes I
think it was I think that though what
those tapes prove is that struck and his
girlfriend Lisa Paige agreed with the
majority of American people who don't
like Donald Trump and they're entitled
to their political opinions but when he
said we're going
what do you make of that I think that
was a rhetoric to his to his girlfriend
use that against some guy if he said I'm
going to stop it I'm a special agent
it's totally inappropriate for a special
agent of the FBI who's supposed to be
above reproach to be writing that it
makes no sense we tell our children
whatever you put in your email it's not
it's not private nothing is private and
if you're working on an investigation
that this serious you should not be
saying that the IG specifically found
that there was no evidence any decision
or action taken by any of the age and
Stroke page anybody else was affected by
political by anything that'll stop Trump
from this no no stop Trump but Trump
lies about everything so here's the
problem what what this is done it's the
struck and and it's Comey breaking all
the rules and most a terrible thing that
he did for the Department of Justice and
that's the way I look at it is as a
prosecutor and as somebody you know who
wants the justice system to appear fair
and and it does taint the whole justice
system the struck is tainted it here's
my big question you guys here X baby joy
why didn't he when he found out that
Anthony Weiner had some stuff on it that
was God on his they were sharing husband
or wife or sharing the same laptop at
home and some of the stuff he was
picking up from Hillary on his laptop
why did he just look at it examine it
and then decide to make a statement he
checked out this splat table but a
couple of hours why did they have to
make a big announcement we're looking at
the laptop so he could have had he would
have had the luxury of that if he had
acted sooner if he'd acted in September
when he was notified about that he would
have had the luxury as we remember there
were thousands of emails people were
going through and a lot of the emails on
Anthony Weiner's computer were copies of
things they already had but they didn't
know that at the time so they didn't
know how long wasn't they look at that
before they talked well so on October
28th they didn't know quite how many
they were gonna have to go through and I
think still gotten through it but he
didn't have the luxury of time I think
that's where he has a right to be angry
okay responding to the revelation that
James come he also used a personal email
account to conduct official FBI business
Hillary Clinton wrote in a tweet but my
emails congressman you're the political
guy here do you think Hillary's right to
say this was biased against her because
she said even though the report said it
wasn't biased do you think that the FBI
acted in a
definitely on a pleasant way the hell
were here I think the FBI conducted an
honest investigation I think that Comey
for reasons of his own personal public
relations and for reasons of what he
considered public relations of the FBI
violated the guidelines and and and
improperly substituted his judgment for
the rules and thereby bias the election
against Hillary we've got a report I
read it a Politico today congressman
that mr. mowers not doing too well in
the polls this constant thrashing of him
by this president and his people out
there on Fox and everywhere else it's
having an impact especially given the
fact that he's behaving properly and not
answering it and not leaking the only
thing we know about this investigation
has been leak proof the only thing we
know about the investigation it's from
court filings who's been indicted and
what the indictments say who's pleaded
guilty and any legal filings they make
period so you've got one side the
president and all his allies trashing
Marla trashing the investigation
trashing the FBI trying to taint the
jury pool as Giuliani quite directly
said and on the other side a proper
professional investigation saying
nothing and answering nothing yeah it's
a good guys are not winning this public
debate well the one thing we know
because of this report is that Muller
will be very cautious about when he does
his release and it well if he can't get
it done by August 1 there won't be a
peep until after the elected a shutdown
of any kind of August first is a magic
day but yes but right I mean the lessons
learned from this it is very probable
that we could be in a similar situation
we have a president who will be this
party going through midterms he will be
facing another election in 2020 and
there are countless investigations into
him and his businesses and to his lawyer
we saw today and so it could be possible
that you could be in this position again
where federal investigators how about
state investigators or the state
investigator no I don't think they're
bound by us right now to the ranking
Democrat in the House Judiciary maybe
maybe the most important guy in the
country next year thank you Joe Ainsley
well and sent the iyx thing hey there
I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on youtube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you
click subscribe just below me or click
over on this list to see lots of other
great videos
