I guess work today they serve multimedia
purposes not Miller tweeting this and I
this October with email from Co me to
Brennan and clapper I'm publicly
acknowledging Russian interference is
infuriating I think this is Comey
writing to Brennan I think the window
was closed on the opportunity for an
official statement with four weeks until
a presidential election
I think the marginal incremental
disruption inoculation impact of the
statement would be hugely outweighed by
the damage to the intelligence
community's reputation for independence
Trump did that anyway right I could be
wrong and frequently am but Americans
already know the Russians are monkeying
around on behalf of one candidate are
confirming it adds a little to the
public mix begs difficult questions
about both how we knew that and what we
are going to do about it and exposes us
to serious accusations of launching our
own October Surprise the last bit is
utterly untrue but a reality in our
poisonous atmosphere why did that
infuriate you so taken by itself it's
hard enough to understand the Russians
were actively interfering with the elect
with the election the administration
senior national security officials had
decided it was their obligation to warn
the American people and his
justification for not doing it is it
will look like an October Surprise it's
too close to the election by itself I
think that's hard to understand when you
take it in context with what he did two
weeks later sending this this letter to
Congress about the Clinton investigation
which at the time was not a finding of
wrongdoing it wasn't a finding that that
year they hadn't found something to
incriminate they just knew they had new
emails and throwing as I said over there
a hand grenade into the middle of the
election much closer to the election day
eleven days before I don't see how you
can justify sending that letter when
you've told the American people or when
you've said internally you want to hide
a matter of national security he kept
talking about disclose versus conceal
well this is concealment right here but
under his terms of something that was
important for the Americans it was
vastly different a foreign power was
trying to meddle with the most sacred
part of our life versus a child molester
had a few emails on his on his laptop
Frank I saw you nodding yeah look this
is the dilemma that Comey spends a lot
of time talking about in the book in his
book and also now is addressed in the IG
report which is the disparity in which
he's treated the Hillary case in terms
of feeling compelled to go forward to
Congress in public and not feeling
compelled to do this
when the Russians are meddling with our
election and and I respectfully disagree
with his judgment on that so I think
Americans want to know that what they're
looking at on Facebook and Twitter in
the evening is coming from the Russian
intelligence service especially when
it's happening during a campaign I think
we needed to know that what's happening
and I understand the dilemma top secret
secret classified information
a forward-moving case but something
needed to come out publicly to say look
we've got a problem here and at least
the social media propaganda could have
been pointed out
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
