this is it 500 pages long and these are
what the main points are that the
Inspector General report says it says
there was no indication of political
bias employing them influencing the
major decisions made by the FBI in terms
of investigating or prosecuting in the
Hillary Clinton email investigation but
it says some text messages that you just
noted by a few FBI employees cast a
cloud over one part of the investigation
and overall over the FBI's reputation
I'll come back to that in just a second
it says the report says it was
extraordinary and insubordinate for then
FBI director James Comey to have that
news conference in July 5th of the
election year 2016 to say no charges
would be filed against Hillary Clinton
without getting the clearance and the
sign-off from people at the Justice
Department
it says Attorney General Loretta Lynch's
decision not to cut short her tarmac
discussion with former President Clinton
was an error in judgment though the IG
says no evidence was found that the two
of them actually talked about the email
investigation one of the most important
part of the report says that the FBI
knew by late September all it really
needed to know to move more quickly on
the emails found on Anthony Weiner's
laptop computer it was the discovery of
those emails that prompted the FBI
director to say in late October just 10
days before the election that new emails
have been found that might be pertinent
to the FBI's investigation one surprise
here according to the IG the FBI
director Comey told the IG that he
didn't know that Anthony Weiner was
married to Huma Abedin who was of course
a close aide of Hillary Clinton it says
Comey made a serious error of judgment
in his decision to tell Congress and
Levitt late October about the discovery
of these emails now back to this issue
of the text during the investigation the
IG discovered a large number of texts
between two FBI officials Peter struck
and Lisa Paige struck who played a
senior role in the Clinton email
investigation we knew from a previous
disclosure then on August 6 now remember
this is about a month and a half before
the Weiner emails are
discovered she texted to him in essence
Trump he's Trump's not ever going to
become president right right and what we
learned now is that struck responded as
follows no no he's not we'll stop it
now the IG says struck told them that he
doesn't remember sending that but that
he thinks he was simply trying to
reassure Lisa Paige with whom he was
having a close relationship that he
wouldn't get elected not because he was
suggesting that he would do anything
improper and this is a subtle little
point in this five hundred page report
what the IG says is they're not accusing
struck of playing an improper role in he
was among the FBI officials who could
have gotten the FBI to move more
aggressively on the emails found on the
Weiner laptop in late September they're
not accusing him of having a improper
political motive and not goosing that
along and moving it faster but they say
they can't rule it out so they're not
accusing them of bias they just say they
can't rule it out now one other note
some members of Congress apparently
unsatisfied with this have already said
they want the inspector general to give
them draft copies of his report but as
we understand it of the the Justice
Department has never before shared with
Congress the draft of an IG report Katie
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
