the united states senator has a
constitutional right to visit and
examine federal facilities because of
Congress's constitutional authority to
oversee the conduct of the executive
branch but when Senator Jeff Merkley
went to Brownsville Texas to examine a
facility used by the federal government
to incarcerate immigrant children who
have been separated from their parents
this happened hello yes can I go in with
you please nobody here's the province
and let me introduce myself I'm Senator
Jeff Merkley from Congress and I my team
contacted this facility and asked for
permission for me to come and see what
is going on on inside well with these
children that facility is a former
Walmart that was remodeled to
incarcerate immigrant children today
MSNBC correspondent Jacob Soboroff was
in the first group of reporters allowed
inside the facility since Senator
Merkley was asked to leave the premises
Jim Jacob Soboroff joins us live from
outside that facility in Brownsville
Texas and Senator Jeff Merkley Democrat
from Oregon is also with us Jacob first
of all to you tell us what you saw and
can you show us anything that you saw
inside there yes so Lawrence I think
right around the same time we're coming
on the air right now with you we're
getting some of the first-hand out
photos from the US Department of Health
and Human Services which operates this
facility we were not allowed to bring
our cameras inside and that is because
there are almost 1,500 boys between the
ages of 10 and 17 years old that are
going to sleep in there tonight at 9
o'clock the lights go out and it's it's
it's essentially a prison or a jail
without cages or cells for these young
boys the majority of them who arrived in
America as unaccompanied minors they
crossed on their own but an increasing
number as you know I have been reporting
on our being separated from their
parents because it is zero tolerance
policy from the Trump administration and
it's it's truly an unbelievable thing to
see
it's almost hard to wrap your head
around but you go inside and there are
hundreds of kids at a time in line for
Chow doing activities but they're all
there because they were picked up by the
Border Patrol and and locked up and
they're not going to be able to get out
of there for the next couple months at
least that's the average day Jacob have
you seen any of the images or video that
we're showing right now from the
facility I did catch a glimpse of them
Lawrence I mean one of the most striking
ones I don't know if you have and can
put it up on the screen is there's a lot
of American history all over this place
and the kids go to school for six hours
a day and they want to teach these kids
about America but there's a mural of you
know of anybody that they could have
possibly picked Donald Trump right in
that cafeteria it's the first thing you
see when you go in there and essentially
what it says is if you don't always win
the battle but you can win the war you
could probably read it you know I don't
have it in front of me right now it's
it's just a striking thing to think
about that an increasing number of these
kids are being ripped apart from their
parents and brought into a facility like
this sleeping in a former Walmart
because of a Donald Trump policy and and
there's Donald Trump up on the wall for
them to see every single day Jacob was
your access restricted or were you
allowed to look at anything you wanted
to know we could I mean in terms of
restrictions they asked us not to
actually speak with the children but I
was able to kind of you know exchanged
hellos with with many of them and I
asked them how are they doing most of
them stood there doing okay and I want
to emphasize you know this is a licensed
facility with you know child service
professionals and and I think that
they're doing for all intents and
purposes a relatively good job of taking
care of these kids there's a large
medical staff on duty at all times 48
people and three doctors on call there's
teachers it is one to eight in terms of
staff to detain children but the big
thing and I'm interested here with the
senator has to say about this that was
flagged to me by the operators of this
facility which again was open before
this migrant policy changed by the Trump
administration to zero tolerance is that
now it's gonna be overflowing because
kids are being ripped away from their
parents and they're putting it into
centers like this they got to open these
ten cities and the administration is
looking at federal property like
military bases or ports of entry what
they told me inside here today is that
those facilities don't have to be
licensed they don't have to have
practitioners that are professionals in
their field because essentially those
are emergency setups and it wasn't
something that I had heard before and I
would imagine could have you know very
big consequences when you've got
hundreds if not thousands of
undocumented children you know as young
as infants not being taken care of
necessarily by professionals senator
Merkley your reaction to what Jake has
been reporting well yes and Jake and I
have a couple questions for you one is
were you able to determine whether the
kids who were taken away from their
parents are able to have regular contact
with their parents what I was told
senator is that it's up to basically the
penal institution that these parents are
placed into and now that the
administration is trying to charge these
immigrants to come to the country
illegally as criminals oftentimes that
means it's up to a federal prison
whether or not they can make phone calls
to their children that are inside here
they said that most of the children are
able to make contact once they're
separated but at the end of the day
that's something that's scheduled by the
prison that that parent is ultimately
placed into well I've heard from the the
folks who work with the refugees that
it's extremely difficult for the kids to
reach their parents or the parents to
reach the kids and that previously this
facility was used as a temporary spot
from which kids were placed in smaller
more appropriate homes to foster homes
around the country but that now because
those homes have been flooded they're
filled up that they're having to really
turn this into the place where kids stay
for a long period of time is that is
that your sense of it yeah you know
senator there there are virtually in
fact it's not that there are no
available beds there are our negative
bed space when it comes to the a lot of
capacity for this facility they had a
variance issued in May to allow
additional beds inside the facility
itself we walked around in some of these
dormitory style rooms that are supposed
to have four beds each they've got five
beds each inside of them they literally
cannot handle any more people and now a
big challenge is the administration may
be turning over the fingerprints and the
biometric data of people sponsors that
want to come
pick up these kids maybe it's family
members and maybe they're undocumented
now that that data may be turned over it
was raised inside the potential these
people may not come to pick up as
sponsors these undocumented children
that are inside which has created a
whole new set of problems where do they
go from here if not to a sponsor if
people are turning away from coming to
pick them up and a one more question
we've heard that from child specialists
at the the trauma is enormous for these
kids to be separated from their parents
do you have any sense from the
specialists who were there on-site that
they're they're seeing this trauma and
that they've geared up the appropriate
type of counselors to to provide
assistance yeah you know one of the
really fascinating that came up when we
were inside senator is that the Office
of refugee resettlement becomes the
guardian of these children and and some
of them are actually prescribed
medication for psychological issues once
they're inside here and normally that
would be the decision of a parent but
because the parents are not with these
children against some who've arrived on
their own but now an increasing number
that are separated from their parents
it's up to a government agency to just
decide what prescriptions these kids are
gonna get and many of them have to rely
on that in these types of situations
senator Merkley Jacobs would aloud to
see one facility it is the biggest
facility but it's just one faciliate
facility among many around the country
that are being used this way we have no
idea how the girls are being treated in
cept in their separate facilities we
have no idea how the children of younger
ages below ten years old are being
treated we have no reports on that what
can you do as a senator to get into
these places to see how these children
are being treated well the first thing
is to really highlight the problem and I
thank you so much for for focusing
attention on tonight I think it's only
because of the the protests that I
staged a week ago that reporters are now
being let in but it needs to be possible
for members of Congress to go in with
just a day's notice so we see how
they're actually operating not how
there's cleaned up spruced up and you
know the show put on for us when you
have to get reservation a week or two in
advance we are pushing for a bill
senator Feinstein's a bill and close
sponsor of it
that God will keep the families together
these are families that are fleeing
persecution overseas they're applying
for asylum and we have a new message for
them which is if you are being
persecuted and you wash up on the shores
of America
we no longer greet you with the Statute
of Liberty with a flame a torch in her
hand instead we greet you with a pair of
handcuffs I'll lock you up and take your
kids away and we even though we know
this injures the kids and this is
completely a moral evil destructive
policy just has to be ended Senator Jeff
Merkley I have no doubt that we would
not be getting this report tonight from
Jacob Soboroff if you had not gone there
first and staged that protest the only
United States Senator to do that Senator
Jeff Merkley and Jacob Soboroff thank
you both very much for joining us on
this thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
