I've massively the property but I'm
guessing that's about what's to happen
yes everything that's what they're going
towards what was your name again sir
Senator Jeff Merkley jeff u.s. senator
gentlemen I've now been asked to leave
the property
and so I'll comply with that two weeks
ago Senator Jeff Merkley tried to get a
tour of an immigrant detention center
and an abandoned Walmart building in
Brownsville Texas that houses children
Senator Merkley was not allowed inside
no one would grant him an interview but
today for the first time since Senator
Merkley was asked to leave the premises
our own Jacob Soboroff finally did get a
tour he joins me now just outside that
facility in Brownsville Texas
Jacob you were with a few other
journalists let into that facility what
did you see you know Chris I have been
inside federal a federal prison before
I've been inside several county jails
this place is called a shelter but
effectively these kids are incarcerated
there 1,400 of them over 1400 of them
that are spending not weeks months
inside this place they're not actually
literally in cages or in cells but I kid
you not one of the first things an
employee of the shelter said to me is
when we walked inside can you try to
smile at these kids because it's weird
to see people from the outside they feel
like animals locked up in cages being
looked at it's it was an extraordinary
thing to see well what what so talk me
through what's it looked like I mean
it's it's a it's a Walmart that's been
you know refashioned is it yes open era
rooms with beds like it is these kids
are free to move around there are there
are four bit it's basically a dormitory
structure you know it's not not nice by
the standards of a place to be
incarcerated you know it's fresh paint
everywhere there's a cafeteria for kids
to go to about 300 at a time there are
four beds per room or at least they're
supposed to be but right now there are
five they have a variance in here from
the state of Texas since May because of
this overcrowding crisis that's been
created manufactured basically it's a
self-inflicted crisis is a you know our
colleague Julia Ainsley was saying
earlier today on MSNBC because the Trump
administration is taking children from
their parents and effectively making
them on a company
miners this place used to be just for
kids that would walk across the border
for the most part virtually a hundred
percent on their own and now you're
getting more and more kids up to thirty
percent as of right now according to one
official inside and that have been
separated from their parents over the
last couple of months they have
recreation but they're allowed to let
outside Chris where we are in the fresh
air for two hours a day and the rest of
twenty two hours a day they're inside a
former Walmart so all right
you have fourteen hundred kids in there
and and maybe 70% again we should be
clear unaccompanied minors is something
that's started and the government has
struggled to figure out what to do with
them you got a 15 year old 16 year old
who's walking across the border now
you've got kids that are being rendered
on a company because they're gonna be
taken from their parents who tend to be
younger so do we have a sense of the age
range of these fourteen hundred kids in
there yeah and they're all boys I should
say and they're from age 10 to 17 so the
thing that strikes me you know as a
parent of a two and a half year old boy
is what about from zero to ten you know
where are those kids now this is one of
a hundred facilities like this in the
United States across seventeen states
this is the this is the largest facility
of its kind in the country but it is but
but there are 99 other ones and so and
we're only talking about 10 to 17 year
old boys in here okay 10 to 17 year old
you your I got one boy and two girls you
got you got it to a natural boy you got
1400 boys aged 10 to 17 now the ideal
ratio would be 2800 adults to look after
1400 boys between those two ages what
how many adults are watching after that
many boys one to eight is the ratio so
there is one staff member for every
incarcerated
shelter resident is what they is what
they call them and it's it's it's
organized chaos in there I mean it's
it's it's hectic but it but it is
organized and like I said they're you
know 300 kids at a time are going to the
chow that's why I say it's like looking
at a prison or in a jail you know
they're all led to chow there was a
group of kids doing a you know again I
kid you not
Tai Chi were Recreation or a group of
boys sitting in the former loading dock
of the Walmart in a theater
the Disney movie Milana they're just
trying to keep these kids busy they go
to class for six hours a day learn about
American history and honestly one of the
most striking things that I saw when you
go in there is that this place has a lot
of American history all over the place
quotes inspirational quotes I guess from
former presidents and the first one that
you see when you walk in is Donald Trump
there's a mural of Donald Trump
that's a mural of Donald Trump with with
a quote from Donald Trump I'm
paraphrasing talking about if you don't
you know if you don't win the battle
there's a way to win the win the war
it's a it is very I mean strange does
not do it justice
what it's like in there it's a let me
ask you this so you got these this is a
nonprofit that has been contracted with
the federal government to run this
facility what is the level of training
and of these grown-ups who you know
watching eight boys per grown-up for 22
hours a day is like that's very serious
work that requires very serious training
yeah and I want to be really clear there
I think that there is very serious work
and very serious training that goes on
these are accredited licensed
professionals not just by the state of
Texas but again this is a licensed
facility and it brings up the much
larger issue because you have teachers
in here licensed teachers licensed
clinicians three on-call doctors that
are in this facility or around this
facility at any time a whole a 48 person
medical staff that's inside here but
what's being talked about what the
administration is moving or bringing
children away from facilities like this
licensed facilities and on toof is ten
cities on federal property and what I
was told tonight is that those tent
cities that are being looked at here in
Texas and throughout the state of
California are unlicensed facilities it
won't require necessarily on federal
property because it's an emergency
situation the level of training the
types of professionals that are taking
care of the kids that are in this
facility tonight when they go lights out
at 9:00 p.m. so final question do you
know have these kids the ones now
unaccompanied minors are one thing right
but of the 30% the ones who traveled
with a parent or a guardian or a
grandparent
and we're taken away from them have they
are their red regular contacts they get
to have with that person they wouldn't
say regular but they said it's up it's
basically up to the penal institution
where they are because again remember
these these kids before this policy was
announced most of these kids would end
up in ice family detention with their
families which is whatever you want to
think about it they were together with
their families now they're they're being
separated from their parents they're
being taken to the federal courthouse
here in South Texas their parents are
being remanded to the u.s. marshals
custody they go to federal prison so if
the federal prison or the the Department
of refugee resettlement in HHS says that
that parent can call the child the
parents allowed to call the child but
it's up to the penal institution if as
they said it happens but it's not having
a regular basis all right well Jacob
this is fantastic reporting thank you
for giving us a glimpse inside I really
really appreciate it thank you very much
thanks Chris thanks for staying on this
game
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
