let me start with you Charlie Sykes let
me show you bob Corker on trump's pace
as a cult we're in a strange place I
mean it's almost you know been it's
becoming a cultish thing isn't it and
it's it's it's not a good place for any
party to end up with a cult-like
situation as it relates to to to a
president that happens to be of
purportedly of the of the same party we
chose those words very carefully but I
got cult loud and clearer it's pretty
good way to put it isn't it yeah but you
know if only he'd been warned about all
of this you know Bobby speaking out but
you know it would have been nice if he
would have spoke it out earlier and more
consistently instead of flip-flopping
back and forth you know but you know
here we're at the you know it at a
moment where every week or so the
trumpets the president takes somebody
out and hangs them from a lamppost and
says okay who wants to be the next
critic what other what other Republican
wants to break with Magga
I think we got Martha Roby forced into a
forced into a runoff you've you've ended
mark Sanford's political career Jeff
Flake is on the way out the door so a
lot of Republicans are looking around
they're going okay I'm not gonna I'm not
gonna criticize the president I mean
right now think about what it means to
be a president what it means to be a
Republican in a primary you can be a
birther you can be associated with all
right bigots and survive and win the
primary but if you criticize Donald
Trump that's political suicide and that
is the dynamic right now in the
Republican Party I understand that to be
the electoral dynamic Charlie Sykes but
where are their souls
well you know in deep storage at least
for a while but right now we're an
election year and this is a party that's
shown itself to be both tribal and
cultish but also transactional and this
to the transactional ISM is basically
look as long as we keep our mouth shut
or we laud the president kiss up to the
president we
get what we want the problem is the
price tag keeps going up and they keep
having to ask themselves okay was that
worth it obviously bob Corker reached
the breaking point but again he's on the
way out the door he's not running for
reelection I'm Eugene I want to play you
a little more corker talking about the
the primaries the dynamic that Charlie
races let's watch I heard senator
senator from Texas the senior senator
from Texas saying the other day well
gosh we might upset the president we
might upset the President of the United
States before the midterms so but no no
no gosh we we might poke the bear it's a
language I've been hearing in the
hallways we we might poke the bear the
president might get upset with us as
United States senators if we vote on the
corker amendment so we're gonna do
everything we can to block it duty that
makes me want to just poke the bear poke
him you know you hear these these brave
words sometimes from corker you hear
them from Jeff Flake you know gee if
only they were in a position to actually
do something to actually you know take
votes in introduces legislation and
rally support for it and and and and
actually show people by action what
Donald Trump really is so I would love
to see more action and and hear fewer
words especially for all the Republicans
who will say off the record in private
what you say what Charlie says in
basically the same language and then who
in public are you know just if slavishly
devoted to the cult leader as everybody
else just one thing about Charlie's
remarks um keep in mind that mark
Sanford's political career has been
ended you know at least twice before so
I'm not not utterly convinced that in my
home state of soccer Atlanta we're all
sorts of weird political things happen
Mark Sanford doesn't have yet another
comeback in him we can replace Pruitt if
he ever goes
let me ask you about this dynamic we all
talk to Republicans who privately say
hideous things about Donald Trump about
they call him stupid they call him I'm
prepared they call him unethical they
don't have nice things to say about
Jared Ivanka being the west wing they
call a dysfunctional they are happy that
he's watching TV and tweeting and not
messing up any of the minimal amount of
policy work
we've all heard from these people but
they don't show their faces you know the
people who marched in Charlottesville
more bravely showed their faces in the
light of day than Republican critics of
this president right and like we've laid
it out in five different ways but it all
comes down to electoral math they're all
scared of him if you compare he is
besides George W Bush after 9/11 the
second most popular Republican right
it's a badass time in his presidency in
modern political history that is a stark
fact in the new takes someone like Mitch
McConnell he's around 23 25 Republican
so if you're McConnell you know that
every time or whoever pick your
Republican member of Congress who's
deeply unpopular in the 20% every time I
stick my head up and shout about Trump I
am sacrificing who knows how many
thousand votes and that's that's how
they think that's I mean that's what
they're thinking about
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
