during out by for two Republican
Congress and Carlos corbello who's been
one of the leading centrist pushing for
this immigration vote in his own party
congressman Carvalho welcome back to the
show Chuck good to be with you
so you I've heard some of your comments
earlier today we don't know what this
bill looks like yet why are you
confident that you're not going to need
to do a discharge petition to sort of
force them to do a true protection vote
when you don't know what's when you
don't know what's in this bill yet well
Chuck two things number one the
discharge petition remains alive and
last night when the speaker announced
that we would be having these votes I
made it a point to put out a statement
telling colleagues we must remain
committed to the discharge petition the
discharge petition is the driving force
behind everything that's happening here
on the hill and I'm grateful to my
Republican and Democratic colleagues
that have been a part of this effort we
are making a difference you know that
this issue about a month ago was dead in
Congress no one thought that immigration
would have a chance at being debated and
considered for the rest of this year
leaders had done as they've done for
many years now decided to punt and wait
until after the next election we have
changed that now we have the possibility
of votes on the floor next week and of
getting a product over to the Senate
that will force them to act and then
we'll see what happens after that we
either go to conference or take
something from the Senate and get it to
the President's desk this is what what
is all been waiting for for years all
right
what is speaker lore speaker Ryan has
said a couple things he wasn't gonna put
a bill on the floor that didn't have at
least image amid well I think number one
is he wouldn't have put a bill on the
floor that the president wouldn't sign
is that still the sense you get that
whatever compromise bill is put on the
floor is something that speaker Ryan
believes the president will sign or is
that not the agreement that you ended up
with that is my understanding and I
believe that the speaker's office and
the majority leader have kept the White
House abreast of all of the negotiate
Asians and what I'm hearing is that the
White House is inclined to support the
legislation now this is important Todd
because our goal here is to make law for
members like me the dreamer issue is so
important we know that towards the end
of the year these young people could be
exposed to deportation depending on how
that port case goes and that's why our
goal is to make law not just to get a
vote where members can go back to their
districts and say I voted for this or I
voted for that so even though we are an
independent branch of government and I'm
not the type to want to wait for any
White House to give us permission to
proceed in this case I do think it would
be helpful we knew the White House would
sign something that way we know we're
not wasting our time and we're working
on a product that can result in the
protections that dreamers need and
securing a future for them and getting
them into the legal immigration system
and then of course addressing a number
of other priorities like border security
and reforming the visa system which is
Amanda the White House and I think to a
lot of Americans as well what I want to
go back why didn't you two keep the
pressure on actually get your to 18 and
then be willing to table it but have it
written down have it there so you tell
speaker ride buddy this compromise bill
better be what we're saying or we're
filing it immediately by being short of
the number aren't you losing some
leverage well no because Chuck will
still have the opportunity in July to
discharge the the rule that includes
these four bills that we had proposed
debating on the floor we have 216
signatures those signatures are still on
the petition and at any point today
tomorrow two members can go down and
sign it if we feel that in any way
there's been a breach of trust or that
someone isn't keeping their word so the
discharge petition remains alive at the
same time we're sitting we're at the
table negotiating and hopefully we can
come up with a product we're really
close and look this isn't the bill that
I would have sat alone and written but
it is the product of a compromise
between centrist Republicans and our
colleagues on the right and hopefully we
can get this done
and have a win on immigration in our
country for the first time since george
w bush introduced this idea in 2005 do
you imagine that the compromise bill
that you would be more inclined to
support over good lod i assume that
that's the going to be the conservative
alternative but we'll see what do I
assume that you would have to get
Democratic votes in order to see it pass
and if so then what do you do about
Nancy Pelosi who said today in a tweet
protecting dreamer stands on its own
merits if Republicans plan to use
dreamers as a way to advance Donald
Trump xenophobic anti-immigrant agenda
they will get a fight from House
Democrats did you take that as a threat
that House Democrats may pull back on
their support for your efforts because
they've been very supportive of your
efforts congressman I think it's pretty
clear that they wouldn't be willing to
support this compromise legislation and
it's regrettable because it's the
all-or-none approach that has gotten us
nothing on immigration for thirteen
years I would ask them to consider it to
review it when it's published but hey
worst-case scenario for them we get a
Republican only bill out of the house it
goes to the Senate goes through the
bipartisan process there and then comes
back and maybe some of them can support
it then ideally we could do this in a
bipartisan nature it's a very
controversial issue it's politically
charged so that makes it harder yep all
right congressman Carlos corbello from
my neck of the woods where I grew up
down in South Florida taking on
Republican figure out for the greyman on
TVs thank you always go cane hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
