from NBC News this is Meet the Press
with Tim Russert welcome back this is
the part of the show where we're usually
saying in case you missed it but tonight
we're gonna take a moment on to remember
someone we really miss 10 years ago
today we here at NBC lost our dear
friend the moderator of Meet the Press
in an NBC News Washington bureau chief
Tim Russert I'll tell you I can't
believe it's been that long a decade
Tim passed away doing what he was best
known for relentlessly meticulously
studiously preparing for that Sunday's
Meet the Press it was under Tim's tenure
that Meet the Press became what we know
it to be today the go-to destination for
hard-hitting Sunday morning interviews
in an hour-long program that holds
politicians and public figures
accountable you've been on Meet the
Press 63 times which is more than anyone
else in history on this program have you
ever told the truth the whole truth and
nothing but the truth
probably not we are here in the
battleground state of Florida Florida
Florida I had my little board out just
to play around here guess what guys - 69
- 11 - to 69 a deadlock and what I
really meant to say I just transpose the
numbers wrong will you debate al D'Amato
if you win the primary oh yeah because
that person you cannot punch of anything
from and ya will and will will debate I
have no doubt about that you'll come
right here with Al D'Amato and leave the
party your 40 billion dollars so told
you produce 180 billion dollars yes may
I finish may I finish there was a simple
question well you've already finished
anything you do it ah Tim was my mentor
in this business he was the one who
hired me here at NBC News his presence
is felt in everything we do on this show
we make sure of it to be honest I meet
the press on Sundays and on every story
covered by every correspondent the
Washington bureau we are always asking
ourselves this one question Oh what Tim
do
tim was the longest-serving moderator in
Meet the Press history one of his most
enduring legacies for Meet the Press is
the catchphrase that he came up with at
the last minute on a Saturday night not
any Saturday night this Saturday night
before the first show he ever did if
it's Sunday if it's Sunday if it's
Sunday if it's Sunday if it's Sunday if
it's Sunday it's Meet the Press and if
it's any day around here we're
remembering Tim but especially on this
day hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more meat to press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
