the Battle of our voter registration is
becoming one of the biggest issues in
that race to Georgia The Associated
Press reports that more than 53,000
residents of Georgia have had their
registrations put on hold thanks to a
policy that requires their applications
for a registration to precisely match
information from other state agencies
applications could be held up for
reasons as mundane as dropped hyphens in
the last name the double-barreled name
70% by the way that people affected by
this list has been taken off the list
are African Americans which is
interesting the person overseeing the
effort by the way is the governor's that
actually it's the Secretary of State
Brian Kemp who also happens to be a
Republican candidate for governor so he
has an interest in this thing he's
running against Democratic nominee
Stacey Abrams who was an African
American herself no well I don't think
he should be overseeing it I really
don't and there's nothing wrong with
showing your ID to match and if you have
a little bit of in discrepancy people
should use common sense
they should have common sense here I
don't see anything wrong with having the
ID match to the deal but what I do see
something wrong with and I'm a
Republican here I don't like the fact
it's almost like the the cat watching or
the canary I mean I just I think that we
should have had somebody else watching
everything kind of come on can't we just
leave the Commission so it is in one
party saying how well screw the other
party with this thing and I mean voting
should be a nonpartisan issue but just
to get into the Nitty Gritty there is a
nationwide effort among Republicans not
every Republican but among Republicans
to suppress minority why do they do that
explain the minutes because in because
the country is demographically changing
and I think in a race like this where
very few small number of votes could
make a difference 53,000 voters who are
whose votes are being you know put on
hold essentially their registration 70%
of them are African American I mean
there's really only one conclusion to
come to you because this is a solution
without a problem you should be making
it easier hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
