folks in the last 24 hours we've seen
multiple warnings from inside the
Republican Party the president Trump
isn't just overtaking the GOP he's
turning it into something that resembles
a cult all of a sudden that word is
starting to pop up more and more and
it's all coming from the right here's
republican senator bob Corker earlier
today it's becoming a cultish thing as a
net it's not a good place for any party
to end up with a cult-like situation as
it relates to to to a president that
happens to be of purportedly of the of
the same party then there's republican
congressman mark sanford he's someone
who has warned the party about becoming
a cult of personality he did show on
this show but it's criticisms of the
president just cost him his job Sanford
was defeated in his primary last night
after the president told the base not to
vote for him well here's Sanford's
warning to his party as he conceded the
race last night what we're about as a
nation is not being for or against one
personality again we're a nation of laws
and not men as the founding fathers said
and here's what an ideological
conservative commentator eric erickson
said about Sanford's defeat quote Mark
Sanford losing in South Carolina has
pretty much proved positive that the GOP
is not really a conservative party that
cares about limited government it is now
fully a cult of personality there's that
word again folks and if those warnings
are right Katie bar the door if enough
Republican voters have a cult-like view
of President Trump or frankly embrace
his views of everybody else
ask yourself what that means for the
guardrails of American democracy
it's Congress's job to act as a check on
the president but in the wake of
Sanford's loss this was the message from
some Republicans Donald Trump's
popularity with Republicans is
unprecedented
so with all politics being local if
you're not on the same page as the
president in 85 90 percent of your base
is you can see where that could cause a
problem look in my district
I got 70% of the vote in the general
election the president got 66 we're
getting a fight he probably keeps his 66
and I keep my four I love that Tom Cole
he'd keep his four he's probably right
can you blame them for being worried
they've seen some of the most
conservative voices pure conservative
voices of sort of the definition pre
Trump sloughs because of insufficient
loyalty to Trump and folks if this is
the president now you have to now start
thinking differently about the
consequences of saying rousting Muller
firing rod Rosenstein pardoning Michael
Cohen using the Justice Department to
settle scores limiting press freedoms
flexing your executive authority you
name it
why would the Republican Party stand up
against any of that if they see that
standing up to them on just one thing
can bring an end of your political
career no matter how truly old-school
conservative you are like Mark Sanford
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
