all right the president United States
announced to the world this morning via
Twitter that the nuclear threat from
North Korea is over it's not president
Trump made this announcement once back
on US soil this morning via Twitter you
can see it there on your screen it was
one of several tweets celebrating his
summit with North Korean dictator Kim
jong-un the documents signed by the
President Kim jong-un reaffirms efforts
to denuclearize the peninsula but gives
no specifics and lays out no timelines
for efforts to even begin nevermind
when they are going to conclude the
president says North Korea is no longer
a nuclear threat but for facts sake I
want to look at the status of Kim
jong-un's nuclear arsenal and what it
would take to Tulia truly denuclearize
it so that there is no threat analysis
by the defense intelligence agency puts
the number of nuclear weapons held by
North Korea in the neighborhood of 60
bombs but the biggest point we don't
know the full extent of Kim Jong Un's
nuclear stockpile and there were no
public disclosures of that number at the
summit remember the Iran deal I just
want to remind you about something of
the Iran deal Iran never had a nuclear
weapon not even one North Korea actually
has them
the bombs are a serious threat when
coupled with North Korea's advances in
rocket technology the latest missile is
now believed to even put Washington DC
within range so what's the path to
denuclearization well for the United
States it's based on a concept known as
cbid a complete verifiable irreversible
denuclearization of North Korea that
would require the regime to first of all
reveal all of its nuclear programs allow
weapons inspectors in give them access
to the whole country and disable all of
the nuclear sites permanently denying
North Korea any nuclear potential none
of that's in the agreement just a pledge
to work toward denuclearization that's
not bad but that's not a nuclear threat
being over there are no steps laid out
no conditions not even an outline have
been put forward in this proposal
according to experts at Stanford
University denuclearization could take
up to 15 years to complete meaning that
North Korea could restart its program at
any time during that 15 years so I just
want to put that into perspective Donald
Trump sent out a tweet this morning
that is verifiably not true joining me
now is the executive director of the
terror asymmetric project retired US
Navy veteran Malcom Nansen senior
research associate at the East Asia
non-proliferation program melissa hanim
thanks to both of you for being here
Malcolm let me start with you it's just
dangerous and bad for the President to
send out a tweet that suggests that
perhaps the most important security
global security issue in the world is
somehow settled because he had a little
meeting with with kim jeong-hoon yeah
you're absolutely right the weapon
systems which belong to North Korea
they're intercontinental ballistic
missiles intermediate-range ballistic
missiles theater battlefield level
ballistic missiles which have a loftable
nuclear warhead which we now know works
those weapon systems work they have
detonated the requisite five test atomic
bombs that most nations test with they
don't need to test them any more those
weapons still exists this morning they
were not taken off of life we don't know
who has operational control of those
other than the fact that they have a
supreme leader Kim jong-un but that
doesn't mean that someone may not take
control of them and launch them these
things are viable operational weapons
and we cannot joke about it we cannot
just blithely say they don't exist
anymore because they do Melissa we I've
been talking about the cbid process
complete verification and the processes
you have to go through Mike Pompeo
actually said the other day that that's
the pregnant that's the basic condition
under which we would accept a deal with
North Korea have you seen anything about
that come out in the last few days as a
result this meeting is a complete
verifiable irreversible denuclearization
no no there's been nothing like that
written into the actual document that's
been shared with the public and either
English or Korean in fact what they seem
to have done is taken North Korea's
definition denuclearization of the
Korean Peninsula
and mashed it together with the American
call for complete irreversible
verifiable dismantlement and by just
sort of
a Glee coming up with two terms that
neither group fully agree on is kind of
risky territory to be in because it's
very easy to create the kind of
misunderstandings that may lead to a
failure soon
Malcolm it strikes me that the President
had a lot of things about this meeting
that he could crow about
that were groundbreaking and that we're
interesting and for better or for worse
and for lots of reasons we've heard from
members of the Bush administration and
the Obama administration this sort of
meeting didn't take place to to set that
out there and say hey we're on a road to
going down towards something that could
be good and making the world a safer
place would have been a good idea but
once again it's an unforced error the
president is now causing us to
fact-check him and and let the world
know that something may have happened in
that meeting in Singapore but this was
the CVID that Mike Mike Pompeo and the
administration put out as a goal is not
the thing that's absolutely correct what
we have here is a first start i won't
fault any leader for going out and
trying to create a circumstance where we
have world peace that's awesome but what
we can't do is we just can't do it
blindly we can't do it for a photo-op
we have to absolutely make sure that
there is a system and structure in place
this nation North Korea is a
dictatorship
it is a totalitarian one man ruled
nation that can hide anything they are
masters of digging tunnels they have the
ability to hide you know and of course
as we've seen in the past pretend like
they are destroying facilities like
their plutonium reactor which they did a
few few years back but they have also
mastered masking everything that they do
if there is not an international regime
that will do this look they really don't
have to disarm at all they have viable
strategic atomic weapons and that's all
they needed to get the president of the
United States to eat out of their hand
Melissa is this good or bad that we are
now in this dialogue because a couple of
days ago we were watching pictures of
Kim jong-un touring Singapore announcing
meetings with with the leader with the
foreign minister
of Russia we know he's taking a meeting
with Bashar Assad and a bill neely our
chief global correspondent was saying to
some degree we have helped remove kim
jong hoon from international isolation
good or bad well so I think having low
level medium level and high level
diplomatic negotiations with North Korea
is always a good idea the reason
previous presidents haven't actually
gone and done the spectacle of shaking
hands with Kim jong-un is because he's
the exact reprehensible person that
Malcolm has already described rather
we've put him up on a pedestal now as a
religion emmett leader in the world who
is beloved and all those photos ended up
on North Korean propaganda the next day
and so really Kim jong-un without
promising anything short of working
towards a very vague goal that is not in
any way defined has come back with a
huge domestic win for himself because
he's already told his people that he's
satisfied with his nuclear program and
he's satisfied with the missiles they
have and really all he has to do now is
focus on the economics so the more
legitimate he looks means the more he's
going to be able to bring foreign
investment lower trans you know
sanctions enforcement's and bring that
second goal to his people and last but
definitely not least this sets up a
precedent to all those states that may
be thinking that they may want to have
nuclear weapons Sunday North Korea is
now the precedent that if you're a
two-bit dictator you can you two can sit
on stage with Kindra or with Donald John
well the president states yeah and
Malcolm is there something to be said
for the fact that Kim jong-un didn't
seem to give up anything but we the
president and there's something back and
forth about what exactly we're giving up
but has talked about suspending these
military exercises that take place well
we have given something up and it is a
strategic loss for the United States I
don't know how any president of the
United States can say that US military
exercises are
what to use the parlance of a dictator
war games and that they're costly and
expensive and provocative provocative is
the word that North Korean propaganda
has been using for decades to termina to
define us exercises down there it is
critical for the defense of the
peninsula for the defense of Asia and
for us strategic posture worldwide to
Train and Donald Trump doesn't seem to
understand that when a b-1 Lancer bomber
flies from Guam
six and a half hours takes up the
stationary position off of there goes to
South Korea does a simulated bombing run
or a real live weapons bombing running
drops them and goes back that that
maintains the operational readiness of
the US forces to fight a war right and
if he believes now because he has gone
there we can just get rid of that I
don't believe it I think he gave it up
just to get to get this photo op for Kim
jong-un and now he's trying to justify
it and his base why the US military
should either withdraw from the Korean
Peninsula or should stop these exercises
and against now it's a great loss that
again is also unclear now that Mike
Pompeo is there and seems to be trying
to do some damage control or we'll have
to see what this all ends up being hey
MSNBC fans thanks for checking out our
youtube channel subscribe by clicking on
that button down there and click on any
of the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights you can get
more MSNBC for free every day with our
newsletters just visit msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up now
