by NBC News is reporting tonight that
president Trump's lawyers are preparing
answers now the questions submitted by
robert mowers people that's according to
a source familiar with the matter and
there's still no agreement for the
president to be questioned in person
however Trump told Fox today he'll do
you know you never know what this means
I'll do whatever is necessary that means
whatever his lawyers agree to do good
here yes now if you thought again about
sitting down for an interview or write
written questions or any type of hybrid
approach there well it seems ridiculous
that I'd have to do it what everybody
says is no collusion but I'll do what is
necessary to get it up with what do you
make of that certainly no I mean it's
it's it has so many million millions of
traps in that I'll do whatever it
doesn't mean whatever my lawyers say I
might have to do to avoid a subpoena in
fact even their honor subpoena now that
I've got five people in the Supreme
Court that are hoping not have to have a
say you know you may not have to do
anything look that was what that whole
fight was about Chris it was about
avoiding the consequences that could be
potentially down the road for him at the
end of this investigation I mean having
a Supreme Court yes justice Cavanaugh
there as a backstop who says presidents
have enormous power beyond our
imagination correct and so that that's
really problematic on the one hand but
on the other hand when when he basically
answers by saying yes no one maybe when
we were talking about whether or not
he's going to go sit down with Robert
Muller and we know that he's probably
not going to do it never tell the truth
they take those in her brain he's called
perjury he cannot tell the truth
additionally I think he's very scared of
the Russian investigation because it
doesn't just have one tenant now we're
in the Southern District of New York
where you have Michael Cohen cooperating
with the Southern District on Trump
organization and foundation you have his
accountant cooperating oh yeah the
accountant you have the lawyer I mean
you just have what you need one more
person then you have the perfect setup
for a joke not a good one for da mic my
set up was to set up this is shaping the
battlefield like they used to say back
in the Iraq Wars the Gulf Wars and
shaping about that he's now basically
like Groucho Marx saying I'll fight
anybody in the house for a dollar he
wants to fight Eric Holder he wants to
fight Gary Cohn why does he get up in
the morning with so many people on his
enemies list he begins to sound a little
bit crazy that having that many enemies
he wants to duke it out with
well I think he might be a little crazy
I think it's a mistake to apply a lot of
strategic insight to President Trump he
reacts with instinct he is driven by his
own needs and emotion so he's angry at
people he goes to a safe venue either a
hockey arena full of Republican primary
voters or Fox and Friends and events
about them or Twitter I guess I should
say too so I'm not sure there's a method
to the madness I think it's just a lot
of madness to the madness and he again
is the most transparent president we've
ever had because he just emotes whatever
he's thinking well I've got you you are
an expert this as long as he can win the
minute as long as he can be firing in
every direction in any second we live on
this planet together with him as long as
he can do that it keeps shooting and
shooting and shooting Pocahontas is that
this liar this whatever it is as long as
he keeps shooting in every direction can
anybody beat him is there anybody can
stand up to them that crossfire of a
craziness that he's able to explode in
every minute he's in combat Mike Murphy
oh oh I think he's done I mean he's got
this I give him credit he has this
Rasputin mind twist on a lot of the Dems
because wait a minute Nate silver said
he was going to lose anyone he's got
magic he can't be stopped his numbers
are terrible the special elections have
gone badly the midterms look dim and he
only operates in the demographic cul de
sac of the republican primary where he's
declining a little bit and will more if
we lose on election day in the midterm
so I think that his card trick will wear
out and the demography of America is
still changing quickly against him so I
I'm not sure he will be the nominee or
run in 2020 I think we have a lot of
things we're gonna learn after the one
mark-to-market event that counts in
politics election day coming very
quickly now well Trump was also asked
about the Washington Post reporting
yesterday that he had spoken to Jeff
Sessions chief of staff Matt Whittaker
about replacing his boss as Attorney
General while Trump wouldn't say what he
plans to do about sessions the question
provoked a rant today again about Russia
and that investigation is bothering him
I've never talked about that but I can
tell you Matt Whittaker is a great guy I
mean I know Matt Whittaker but I never
talk about conversations that I had but
you know the Washington Post gets it
wrong a lot that's the conversation is
that you are in active talks to replace
the Attorney General of the United
States I'm not doing anything I want to
get the elections over with we'll see
what happens I'm very disappointed that
we go through this witch hunt is
ridiculous which is no collision there's
no collision there is collision with
Hillary Clinton and the Russians but
there's no collusion with the
Republicans and there's certainly no
collusion with Donald Trump and everyone
knows it
well that's unfortunate information to
get from the president self anyway today
the Wall Street Journal reported that
President Trump is considering as many
as five candidates as this new agey on
the assumption that Jeff Sessions will
leave his post later this year Susan
what's the reporting on that it seems to
me he wants to clear the deck in some
sort of Saturday night massacre to come
this fall it would come in November
which is the right time to have such a
thing on the Nixon schedule he gets rid
of AG then what well then that has a lot
of steps in it I'd say just start with
step one which is I think it's unlikely
that Jeff Sessions is still the Attorney
General a month after Election Day
you know he's been trying to hold on I
think until after that and and president
I was going along with that but his
answer that you just played was not very
reassuring for any job security for Jeff
Sessions saying I don't want to talk
about that let's just go through the
election what happens after that I don't
I don't know because the the president
has some challenges when it comes to
getting another nominee for instance
confirmed through the Senate even if
it's a even if it's a Republican Senate
and it is clear that he is quite
concerned about a Russian investigation
that seems to be coming to a conclusion
the fact that Muller is talking to his
lawyers so seriously about whether he'll
testify or not is a sign that Moeller is
getting close to the end of that part of
his investigation he's threatening all
the time to knock off obsessions but
what about rosa Stein his deputy
it seems to me he's giving him a warm
hand now what's the game and who's
playing who is Rosa Stein playing
the president to keep the job or is the
president keeping him calm before he
basically executes some at some point
politically
I think I think they've become I think
that situation has calmed down and that
rod Rosen Stein seems to be in better in
better favor after that moment when we
were all sure he was going to the White
House them to it to resign so that has
been for flexing I think in some ways
maybe the Brett Kavanaugh story overtook
the rod Rosen Stein story the
cooling-off period that has preserved
his job hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
youtube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
