and thanks to at home for joining us
this hour glad to have you with us lots
of news going on here's a pop quiz North
Korea North Korea has borders with three
other countries what are the three of
their countries
I will spot you the first two obviously
North Korea has a border with South
Korea one of the most famous borders on
earth it features a real live DMZ it's
one of the most fraught conflict lines
on the planet and it has been for
decades so that's one of the two I will
spot you obviously North Korea borders
South Korea North Korea also borders
China the North Korean border with China
is way longer than its border with South
Korea the length of that border the the
23 different Road crossings across that
North Korea China border all those
things make make make China acutely
interested in North Korean affairs not
just as a friendly neighbor but also
because China quite desperately doesn't
want North Korea to suffer some sort of
catastrophic collapse North Korea
falling apart war in North Korea and an
unimaginable uprising of the people in
North Korea anything that might cause
the collapse of that weird isolated
repressed poor place that would produce
potentially millions of North Korean
refugees which China believes would
become their instant problem and when
they do not want so that that worry that
balancing act with North Korea over that
big long porous border they've got with
North Korea I think that explains a lot
of China's attitude toward them
particularly as China's economic rise
has created such an increasing contrast
between living standards in China and
what people have to endure in North
Korea so they're very conscious of that
border it's a big important
international geopolitical thing so
that's two of the three right North
Korea border South Korea North Korea
borders China what is the third country
with which North Korea has a border it's
right up there on the Seacoast
in the northeastern corner of North
Korea where the two men River filters
into a muddy Delta and reaches the sea
it's up there in the far north it's a
wicked cold wicked ice
related gray little corner of the world
North Korea has a tiny little sniglet of
a border with a third country there
there's only one crossing over that
border it's a bridge
it is a bridge you cannot walk across
nor can you drive across it you can only
take a train across it it's the one
crossing on that border between North
Korea in that third country if you take
that train which doesn't come very often
if you take that train across that
bridge from North Korea and they let you
cross that border where you end up in is
Russia
that's the third country that borders
North Korea in 1860 Russia annexed came
in and annexed that little spit of land
at the Delta of the two men River
previously that territory had been China
but Russia came in while while we were
busy starting our own civil war in 1860
and they they pushed the Chinese border
back 11 miles inland and that had one
very important consequence for China it
cut off China's access to the sea
anywhere north of the Korean Peninsula
and Russia in taking that piece of land
it also they also bought themselves a
weird little 11 mile long border between
Russia and the other weirdest country on
earth
technically North Korea is a a communist
country one of the last few communist
countries on earth when the Soviet Union
still existed the USSR was the main
outside entity that was propping up
North Korea more than any other ally or
any other benefactor one of the great
humanitarian catastrophes of the 20th
century happened very late in the 20th
century happened in the 1990s in North
Korea when widespread sustained famine
in that country is estimated to have
killed hundreds of thousands if not
millions of people in the 90s that that
famine and it's astounding death toll
were sort of hard for the rest of the
world to see because North Korea is such
a closed and secretive and isolated
country but that famine didn't happen in
isolation part of the reason that
famine is believed to have happened and
happened then is because of the collapse
of the Soviet Union at the you know and
the 80s beginning of the 90s they really
had been North Korea's main lifeline in
terms of economic support when the
Soviet Union collapsed at the start of
the 90s so did North Korea's ability to
feed its population its patron went into
chaos North Korea started to starve to
death well now of course it's China that
is the ascendant economic superpower in
that region and in the world and now it
is China that is keeping North Korea
alive economically accounted for more
than 90 percent of North Korea's trade
but it's both China and Russia who both
have a big stake in that country China
and Russia both are literally neighbors
with North Korea their abutters
even if Russia's North Korea border just
has that one train bridge and a bunch of
miserable guards and nothing else
when President Trump met with Kim
jong-un last night it was easy to be
caught up in the the strange spectacle
of that meeting when things happen that
have never happened before when things
happen for which there's no parallel in
American history it can be hard to sort
of get your bearings in terms of what
you ought to expect and what should be
seen as a shocking departure from what
you expected it's it's can be hard to
see what would count as a good outcome
versus a bad outcome when something has
never happened before and nothing like
it has ever happened before I mean the
thing about unprecedented events is that
they exist in a category of their own
you have nothing to stack up next to
them to try to keep perspective to know
when something is right or when
something is definitely off but even
with those caveats about last night I
think it is safe to say that there is
one thing one very big thing that was
definitely off about that meeting last
night and that is the baseline reality
that we don't know what it was for why
did that happen what was that for no US
president has ever agreed to meet with a
North Korean dictator before
they have sought this for decades Kim
jong-un has wanted this for years his
father wanted it before him his
grandfather wanted it before him all US
presidents have been asked all you have
presidents has considered it at least to
a certain degree none of them have said
yes why did this US president agree to
this meeting
why give North Korea a one-on-one
in-person summit with the American
president with all this pageantry and
all the honorifics after every other
president said no why did this president
say yes what was it for I mean North
Korea made no new promises in order to
get this summit no new promises about
their weapons program or their own
behavior toward their own people or
anything else the North Korean dictator
did reassert what has been a long time
vague assurance from the North Korean
government that they seek to
denuclearize the Korean Peninsula but
you know what North Korean dictators
have been saying that to the United
States in the context of various
agreements and negotiations for more
than 25 years now that's nothing new
they started pledging that they were
denuclearize the Korean Peninsula in the
early 90s since then they have dropped
out of the nuclear non-proliferation
treaty they've mastered and completed
multiple nuclear fuel cycles they've
successfully developed operational
nuclear weapons they've manufactured
what are believed to be dozens of
operational nuclear bombs they've
advanced their missile program so that
they have reliable short medium and long
range missiles that they could use to
fire those nuclear weapons as far away
as Chicago if they so desire and they
got themselves even a hydrogen bomb as
of 2017 that's what they've done since
they first started promising in the
early 90s that they'd be happy to
denuclearize the Korean Peninsula that's
their vision of a denuclearized Korean
Peninsula and their role in it them
having dozens of nuclear weapons and
vehicles to deliver them all over the
globe that's what they mean by we want
to denuclearize so in order to get this
summit last night with the American
president the North Korean dictator in
the North Korean government appeared to
have not promised change of any kind in
their nuclear program or in any other
policy litter
literally they gave up nothing they
promised nothing in exchange for that
generous offer President Trump gave
North Korea this royal wedding style
summit in which North Korea was billed
as a nation equal in stature to the
United States and the North Korean
dictator was billed as an international
leader equal in stature to the President
of the United States as a bonus the
president also threw in literally hours
of unwavering over-the-top praise for
the North Korean dictator and his
repeated insistence that it was his
honor as president of the United States
to have the opportunity to meet with the
dictator and then surprise president
Trump announced when it was all over
that he would end the joint military
exercises between the u.s. and South
Korea what South Korea is supposed to be
one of our closest allies but apparently
they had no idea this was coming
South Korea appears to have been
blindsided by Trump's change of heart on
war games u.s. officials could not
confirm that Trump had told counterparts
in Seoul about the plan to suspend
military exercises South Korea put out
soon put out a statement saying they
were trying to figure out the exact
meaning and intentions in presidents
President Trump's comments because they
had no idea this announcement was coming
in addition to blindsiding South Korea
about ending joint military exercises
between the u.s. and South Korean
military's president Trump also appears
to have blindsided the US military with
his announcement quote the US military
excuse me the United States military in
South Korea was also apparently
blindsided by mr. Trump's remarks US
forces Korea said they had received
quote no updated guidance on execution
or cessation of training exercises so
big picture what was this summit all
about they have the summit right they
have the one-on-one meeting and then
they have the extended bilateral meeting
with other aides and then they put out
the written statement the written
statement doesn't say anything about
ending meal
exercises but after all that happens the
president sort of casually announces
after the wedding was over that at some
point during the festivities he had told
them that he'd be calling off u.s. and
South Korean joint military exercises
we've been doing those every year since
the 1950s US forces Korea the US
military in Korea had absolutely no idea
this was coming and that turns out not
to just be strange it's it's materially
consequential because right now US
forces Korea are in the midst of
preparing for their next big round of
military exercises with South Korea the
ones they do every year if you look at
the longer statement that US forces
Korea put out in response to the
president's remarks seemed to indicate
that maybe the Defense Department maybe
the US military might even be planning
on going ahead with those next exercises
with South Korea because they're not
sure if Trump actually meant what he so
casually mentioned after the summit was
over what the US forces Korea statement
said was quote we have received no
updated guidance on execution or
cessation of training exercises to
include this fall scheduled Ulchi
freedom Guardian in coordination with
our Republic of Korea partners we will
continue with our current military
posture until we receive updated
guidance from the Department of Defense
Ulchi freedom Guardian is a very large
joint military exercise that starts
scheduled to start in late August I
think it's like 11 days long it's one of
the biggest military exercises on earth
tens of thousands of South Korean troops
nearly 20,000 US troops apparently the
Defense Department is going to proceed
as if they're still doing that because
they haven't received any official word
and maybe this is like Trump announcing
he wants Hillary Clinton investigated or
like maybe I'm gonna pardon Martha
Stewart like they have to wonder if this
is just a thought he's had and it's not
something he's gonna follow through on
and so it's therefore not something
they're supposed to follow through on
but if he did mean it if he is actually
ordering an end to these joint military
exercises between the u.s. and South
Korea that
is an absolute jackpot for the North
Korean dictator that is one of the
things that he wants most on earth that
he and his father and his grandfather
have been trying to get for decades and
now trauma has apparently just given it
to them in exchange for nothing remember
last year when North Korea threatened to
nuke Guam remember they said they were
gonna shoot nuclear missiles at Guam
they made this very detailed threats
this detailed threat about the four
nuclear bombs they were gonna drop on
Guam and how exactly they were gonna do
that remember that they made that threat
to protest last year's Ulchi freedom
Guardian last year's big joint us-south
Korea military exercises in August
remember before then the flames and
ashes threat quote if we push the but if
we push the buttons to annihilate the
enemies even right now all bases of
provocations will be reduced to cease in
flames and ashes in a moment that threat
was in protest of u.s. South Korean
military exercises when they threatened
to turn the sea of japan' into a nuclear
sea of fire that was in protest of u.s.
South Korean military exercises when
they freakin torpedoed a South Korean
ship and killed more than 40 South
Korean sailors in 2010 that was in
response to us South Korean military
exercises when North Korea announced
that they considered themselves to no
longer be bound by the ceasefire that
ended the Korean War in the 50s that was
in protest of u.s. South Korean military
exercises for years for decades North
Korea has not just demanded they have
hysterically demanded and fired missiles
and killed people and sunk ships and
shelled inhabited South Korean islands
to stop these joint us-south Korean
military exercises and now Trump has
just given them that for free for
nothing apparently without talking to
anybody else about it including his own
military or the South Koreans or anybody
the US government the Trump
administration insisted that there would
be no concessions to North Korea unless
they had complete verifiable
irreversible nuclei nuclearization right
they'd have to do that before the US
gave them anything they didn't give any
of that they didn't even promise to do
it and they got an end to us joint
military exercises with South Korea one
of the things they want most in the
world that they've been trying to get
for decades topic what why they get why
they get that
why did Trump give that to them he
didn't apparently negotiate it with
anybody else even in the US government
or US military he just himself gave it
away why did he do that you know who
else wants the u.s. to stop its joint
military exercises with South Korea uh
via butters China naturally sees itself
as the great power in the region and
increasingly in the world they
definitely see North Korea is not just a
troublesome neighbor but a neighbor that
is squarely within their sphere of
exclusive influence from China's
perspective if they're supposed to be
foreign troops circulating that part of
the world
that'll be Chinese troops and not
anybody else's China for years has
advocated that the u.s. stopped these
joint military exercises with South
Korea the other entity that really wants
the u.s. to stop its joint military
exercises with South Korea the other
country that has been increasingly
insistent that those exercises are
provocations and they must stop the
country who has been speaking out more
and more on that over the last couple of
years specifically is North Korea's
other a butter here's here's Russia
March of 2016 expressing their
opposition to South Korean US military
exercises
here's Russia again March of 2017 when
the same u.s. south korean joint
military exercises rolled around again
the same time the next year because
their annual exercises but Russia is
starting to get a little more bold in
the past year or two in expressing their
opposition to the u.s. participating in
these joint military exercises
here's Russia in December 2017 getting
even pushier about it sending the head
of the Russian armed forces to the
Russian city that is nearest to that
little sniglet of North Korean border to
personally proclaim his opposition to
the US forces to US forces participating
in these joint military operations with
South Korea Russia has just this tiny
little border 11 mile-long border
North Korea with one crossing on a train
and they've got a troubled and varied
history over the decades with that
country but Russia is also increasingly
straining at its borders right now and
shoving back US and Western influence
especially US and Western military
presence anywhere near what it considers
to be its own geopolitical interests and
one of the things that they have started
to loudly insist on is that the u.s.
dropped those joint military exercises
with South Korea the US has kept those
going as a pillar of u.s. national
security strategy for almost seventy
years now until last night when Trump
casually announced that that's over now
he's doing away with those blindsided
everybody involved and gave North Korea
something they desperately want and
would do almost anything for except he
gave it to him for free how come hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
