Figg one tonight if you want a good
picture of what today's Republican party
looks like then you must watch
yesterday's primary debate for New
York's 11th district featuring
Republican congressman Dan Donovan the
incumbent and he's ex-con primary
challenger Michael Grimm and let's just
say the men fighting to represent Staten
Island were definitely representing
Staten Island have you thought about
asking for a pardon from President Trump
has anyone sought it for you it's funny
you asked that question because right
before I announced that I was going to
primary Dan Donovan I went to his house
and I met with him because he called guy
Mullin Ari and said he met with the
president and was speaking to the
president about getting me a pardon you
were the one that said that you told the
president that a marine was wrongfully
convicted so here's what I told the
president I didn't say that you're lying
guy Mullin Airi who used to be a friend
of mine told me he wanted to get Michael
a pardon the president has invited me to
accompany him to fight ms-13 and these
vicious gangs I was on Air Force One and
I told him that a fellow marine guy my
Larry was looking to seek a pardon for
Michael so what did the president say
will Michael Grimm be pardoned who is
guy Malin Ari
and why isn't he friends with Dan
Donovan anymore the answers to all these
questions and Morris thing too in 60
seconds when last we left the debate
between the two Republican candidates in
New York's 11th congressional district
and Donovan was talking about how he
asked President Trump on behalf of the
former friend to pardon felon Michael
Grimm the ex-con now running against him
his answer is not only really
entertaining it implicates the president
in a totally corrupt decision-making
process for who gets a pardon and who
does it the president has invited me to
accompany him to fight ms-13 and these
vicious gangs I was on Air Force one
with the Knights hold him that a fellow
Marine guy Mallory was looking to seek a
pardon for Michael and the president
asked the guy voluntary support me and I
said no he was in nevertrump
okay the president did not care to hear
this at all his staff said tell him to
call a pardon office and I gave Michael
the number of the plane you DeeDee
did everyone just hear that but we said
out loud there you have it the president
decides who will pardon based on who
supported him because of course he does
and now the rest of that exchange just
because came you didn't tell me you
didn't invite me to your house no I did
you came to my necks I needed to invite
me I just showed up on invited you you
want anyone to believe that do you trust
me all day to come sorry why would you
bring that up at all my guy Molly oh he
was a friend of mine before he'd be
traced so when I showed up at your house
the first 10 minutes what I mean you
hugged me he kissed me and he said you
even had a piece of paper and you said
look I spoke to the president but he
gave me to his staff and they said you
have to do this in the pardon office
okay so you were trying to help me no I
gave you the pardon office number I let
everyone else decide Danny you look like
a fool right now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
