that sparked a national debate about
America's harsh criminal justice system
how a Philadelphia judge sentenced a man
to up to four years in prison for riding
a dirt bike McMillan set to be arraigned
today on reckless endangerment charges
for allegedly riding an ATV through
Manhattan investigators say he posted a
video on social media showing him
rotting the ATV and doing wheelies that
sentence for wheelies brought outrage
because of his harshness and drew
attention because of the defendant you
just heard him mention there in the news
report multi-platinum hip hop artist
Meek Mill and unlike most inmates
serving long sentences for even
non-violent probation violations mill
had the resources and the fame to fight
this case on the day he was released he
was seen jumping into a helicopter and
flying to a basketball game flown by the
owner of the 76ers now he is performing
again and using different transportation
at a concert this weekend you see him
here pulling up on the kind of dirtbike
that was part of the probation violation
while mill is free this case is far from
over today the Pennsylvania Supreme
Court deadlocked three to three over his
request to get the probation judge
removed over alleged bias that means
this judge stays on the job and mill is
actually due back in court on Monday he
says he is now working on advocating
wider criminal justice reform speaking
at the Innocence Project gala last month
he joins me for his first interview
since the court's ruling today and his
first time on the beat his lawyer Jordan
sieve is here as well thank you both for
doing this
why did you ride into that show on a
dirt bike uh I thought it would be good
entertaining if I came to the show at
Summer Jam on the dirt bike win it it
turned out to be good everybody liked it
it was exciting we added excitement to
the show so you know and your message
there is that's not the kind of thing
that gets most people arrested not that
I ever heard of coming up in America I
got four year sentence for that same
type of Willie just about seven months
ago something like that mm-hmm
and Jordan when we look at this case
this ruling today had some good news in
that three of the top judges in the
state said there was reason to remove
this judge in this case yeah but you
didn't win where do you go from here
well as you said it's very significant
than three of the six Pennsylvania
Supreme Court justices that ruled in the
case said that Judge Brinkley should
have removed herself from the case and
that she's undermining people's belief
in the fairness of the justice system so
next steps are we actually have a
hearing before Judge Brinkley on Monday
a hearing that she's ordered despite the
fact that both Meeks team and the
district attorney's team agree that no
hearing is necessary because he's
entitled to a new trial but despite that
meek and the taxpayers of Pennsylvania
are being put to the burden of
conducting a hearing on Monday before
Judge Brinkley meek you're here in part
because you make music that a lot of
people like and know about and that
makes you famous yeah you've been
talking about how the problems in your
case or something that a lot of people
deal with who don't have your resources
and
also there were some weird things the
judge for example you say asked you to
sing of boys to men song and give some
kind of shout out wanted you to change
your record label for a local manager is
your case about a judge who did
individual things wrong or is your case
about systemic racism you know I just
think some of the things in my case were
kind of unethical had nothing to do with
me being on probation the reason why we
here the reason why I'm out on bail is
actually approaching we're talking about
officer who the district attorney is not
standing behind his testimony three
other people actually were had their
cases venting Katie because the district
attorney couldn't stand on the testimony
of the same cop that arrested me so it
was like it's 12 13 years later why am I
even still on probation
having to go to trial on Monday I'm
basically having a hearing to almost
decide if I have to go back to trial in
this case when people have already had a
cases thrown out due to their integrity
at the same cop that arrested me so
isn't that the bigger question in your
view what is this spotlight about the
way probation works at least for people
who don't have enough money to fight it
all right can I explain it I'm on it
right now jump-ball you want to take the
question you go first if I Drive through
the Lincoln Tunnel right now I could be
arrested just from crossing a state line
by mistake and I could be just going to
a certain store through a tunnel and
I've been on probation about what eleven
years of my life so far I'm all adult
like just driving through a tunnel could
send me back to prison for four years
especially while I'm out on bail popping
a will you are actually getting a
speeding ticket you can send me back to
prison for a long time well you're
saying something that might actually
surprise a lot of people watching at
home which is people think about
reoffending as committing another crime
or committing violence which is a good
reason to put someone back in jail
they're saying this is stalking you
we're lawful activity of a narrow nature
based on what one judge decides ten plus
years after your infraction it could put
you in jail yeah you can put me in jail
actually and
urug i was actually charged with an f-1
felony four-wheeler in a motorcycle
which that's a f-1 felon is a serious
offense and actually the the court of
new york actually dismissed the charges
but I still went back to Philadelphia in
front of a Philadelphia judge and still
was like sentence for the charges that I
that was dismissed in New York well I
think but I think are you hit on an
important point which is probate long
probationary sentences like Micah's had
since he was 19 he's now 31 long
probationary sentences put people in
this cycle where even a technical
violation such as a travel violation for
someone like me quest the report is
scheduled or popping a wheelie which the
case was ultimately dismissed could land
someone back in jail and in this case
actually did land meet back in jail for
two to four years and so you've become a
cause which has got to be somewhat
interesting for you to be inside of I
was listening to the new push of t where
he says angel on my shoulder what should
we do devil on the other what would Meek
to pop a wheelie tell the judge to AH
Canelli tell the judge basically go away
what did you think hearing yourself in
that in that new song I just thought it
was a compliment when I push the T
namely song will the meek do is push
your t-card some great artists I just
took it as a compliment I don't really
think the whole song was like based off
of me but well it's called what would
meet do ya sound like fish your t-cell
will meet this I took that as a big
compliment you know they do great artist
has done anything you know that was his
opinion you work on these issues
systemically are you gonna advocate for
other individuals by name the way we've
seen some people do it's state and
federal clemency or how do you want to
help those people that are still in
actually my lawyers uh actually trying
to help me attach ourselves to a few
guys that one of the guys his name is
Eric gritty I spend a lot of time with
in prison he has like a messed up case
where he almost he basically proved this
innocence but due to certain
toys and laws that was created that even
if you prove yourself innocent you still
can get out and so you know Nia Michael
Rubin we're working on our own
foundation we didn't actually gather
everything up but we coming with
something real powerful to to get it
back in and and bring a bigger platform
to criminal justice reform and make some
things work hey I'm already Melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
