while in Singapore Trump heaped praises
on the leader calling him talented and
smart let's watch more of this well he
is very talented anybody that takes over
a situation like he did at 26 years of
age and is able to run it and run it
tough you'd be very surprised very smart
very good negotiator really he's got a
great personality he's a you know funny
guy he's a very smart guy he's a great
negotiator
he loves his people not that I'm
surprised by that but he loves his
people I think he liked me and I liked
him and I understand the past and you
know nobody has to tell me rough guy he
has to be a rough guy or he has been a
rough person but very well his country
does love him his people you see the
fervor they have a great fervor oh yeah
a lot of individualism that kinda this
seems to be part of a pattern for this
president praises autocratic leaders and
bed mats our Democratic allies let's
watch him it's a great honor and
privilege because he's become a friend
of mine to introduce president erawan of
Turkey he's running a very very
difficult part of the world he's
involved very very strongly and frankly
he's getting very high marks and he's
also been working with the United States
we have a great friendship as countries
I think we're right now as close as we
have ever been we've had a great
relationship this has been very
successful killer Putin is a killer a
lot of killers we've got a lot of
killers why do you think our country's
so innocent that sounds like Michael
Corleone II and Godfather one you don't
think senators kill people how naive are
you anyway poor Trump the Singapore
summer was an opportunity to make
history but with the North Korean leader
was a public relations success cementing
his Trump back legitimacy in the world
stage forum Jenna Jon want wolf style
he's former special assistant to
President Obama and Vivian Salaam is
llama is a White House reporter for The
Wall Street Journal both of you
why the praises I can see ka we got
along okay we all talk about political
community case like that when
constructive talks you know the language
he's coming out kiss but that's a it's a
range it it's outrageous the way he
talks this guy's a killer
I only see two plausible explanations
one I think is the more likely is that
Trump is jealous of those people it's a
natural bullet activity towards rough
guys and he he thinks that's respectable
he wants to ride around the horse with
his shirt off like Putin that what he
wants to do I think the other
possibility here is it look at Donald
Trump's a Salesman right he's trying to
get this butter him up and say look what
does it take to get you in this
timeshare today the video he showed was
like a timeshare video right so what do
I do it you get you to sign on this line
if he wins if he gets a guy to sign and
actually follow through it's a greedy ok
you're an old commie like I can right
there communists they don't believe in
anything except the state and he's
saying you got to bring sandals in here
you got to make this a resort you gotta
use your beach property you got some
great real estate here what is this old
confident young Tommy say dad what are
you talking about weed if I was talking
like some real estate developer which is
what he is when he doesn't really hide
that that he sees these negotiations as
part of this boardroom mentality where
you gotta talk tough but you also have
to kind of give it you think wants to
loosen up is country turn into resort
town but no I mean many people are
rightfully skeptical on it but Chris I'm
actually sitting here because I am still
recovering from g7 coverage I've just
done for the last couple of days where
we are still to this day even in
Singapore when he's coming off of this
historic summit the president is still
trashing Justin Trudeau anything for
criticizing him that you left because of
the fact that he feels that the Justin
Trudeau was unjust in his attack because
he did it after the president left the
first day where those attacks weren't
really attacks I watched the whole thing
what's that time and it wasn't anything
new either it's not something that
Justin Trudeau hasn't set up before a
while in Singapore the president was as
why he would had such high praise for
Kim and harsh words for allies like
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
let's watch them explain that what do
you say to America's allies who worried
that you might be jeopardizing our
long-term alliances and who worried that
you might be treating our historic
friends
and our historic enemies his friends
well first of all I think it's a very
fair question I had a very good meeting
with the g7 and I left the meeting and
I'll be honest we are being taken
advantage of by virtually every one of
those countries I have a good
relationship with Justin Trudeau I
really did other than he had a news
conference that he had because he
assumed I was in an aeroplane and I
wasn't watching
he learned that's gonna cost a lot of
money for the people of Canada you
learned you can't do that you can't do
that you're like that's right like that
kind of threat no it's petty this is the
president of United States we're the
most powerful country in the world and
we're treating our friends the countries
that have fought and died with us to
preserve Liberty and we're treating them
like an extortion racket it's it's it's
horrific well let's talk about values I
don't want to get too squishy but the
fact is we believe in values and the
fact as we share we like democracies we
like countries where they actually get
to pick their leaders and dump them when
they don't like if you don't like Jimmy
Carter we could get rid of we could get
rid of George senior Bush but we had the
freedom to do that then you don't have
the freedom to dump kim jonghwan he's a
third-generation character who inherited
a job and he's probably got it for life
well this is certainly not a democracy
this is the debate we were having up to
the g7 when President Trump said well
let's let Russia back in first of all
the g7 are it's not just economic powers
their economic liberal democracies yeah
Russia's smaller economy than Brazil
then India then almost the Republic of
Christ's term won him in because he's
Putin's a lie either Putin's got
something on him I mean well that's a
question I had this he won Vivian does
he want to be allies with North Korea
friends I mean seems like that's what he
wanted he was dating with the idea of
marrying he clearly I'm not it's a
pretty good metaphor
he wasn't just saying I'm gonna hang out
with this guy for one day and Singapore
he was talking up a relationship yeah no
I mean I can't have a relationship with
a dictator like that at least in the
beginning he wants to see other people
but he's definitely on the exclusively I
mean he he and he thinks they're the one
in charge Trump doesn't he likes to play
that's like anybody's been elected yeah
yeah it's Putin she kim now air21 and
the people he's beating up on are our
closest friends and allies
the Germans the British the French the
Canadians it's it's everything is upside
down but Chris it's been really
important to think that we're gonna
actually need these allies for a lot of
the negotiations coming forward we're
talking about China tariffs moving
forward the deadline is this Friday just
to get China in compliance with some of
the demands that this administration is
pushing we actually need our allies to
help us sort of form that unified front
to get us remember Ronald Reagan who
wasn't Republican who believer his city
on a hill and he believed we were a role
model and he loved the fact that we
whatever you think of Reagan he loved
the fact it was a democracy it was a
liberal democracy people had rights and
we got along with the rest of the world
and Reagan always tried to get along
with the restaurant including Communists
but he did it the right way he
negotiated anyway thank you John WAP
still and Vivienne Salama
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
