American leader owes his country more
than a 24/7 circus of tweets personal
attacks and self celebration
don't you think unfortunately the latest
episode of trump TV what else can you
call it is all sizzle and no steak ask
yourself where's the beef and his
meeting with the North Korean despot the
answer is
spoiler alert Kim jong-un agreed to let
us look for the bodies of American
servicemen his regime has been hiding
for three-quarters of a century
that's our get here how can you not love
a guy like that what is sweetheart this
guy Kim is what a caring human being in
any case it's apparently enough for
Donald Trump tonight Trump is flying
home after a day of pageantry and
theatrics in Singapore this afternoon he
tweeted got along great with Kim jong-un
who wants to see wonderful things for
his country he also complimented the
despotic dictator for his great
personality and called Kim funny and
very smart was a dramatic shift of
course from a year ago when Trump mocked
him as little Rocket Man and threatened
his country with fire and fury Trump
also praised the joint statement he's
signed with Kim jong-un calling for new
relations between the two countries on a
commitment to complete denuclearization
of the Korean Peninsula
let's watch I think it's a terrific
document it's a starter but it's a
terrific document but they have to get
rid of all their nuclear weapon if not
again reveal they will I think they will
I really believe that he will I've
gotten to a short period of time yah
shouts tt nuking I mean he's D nuking
the whole place and he's gonna start
very quickly I think he's gonna start
now well the joint statement from the
two leaders seem to fall short of the
president's own height as The Associated
Press put it rather than a detailed
statement filled with concrete
restraints on the north the documents
seem to amount mostly to a restatement
of restatement of long assumed
principles and an agreement to keep
talking north korea has promised a
nuclearization before going back to a
1994 agreed framework Pyongyang sang
with the United States back then at a
press conference tonight overnight Trump
was pressed on how the United States
would verify that North Korea follows
through let's watch we talk about
the guarantees and we talk about
unwavering commitment to the complete
denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula
this is the document that we just said
did you discuss with chairman Kim
methods to verify either with the United
States or international organizations
that very process and yes we did and
will be verified yeah we'll be verifying
it'll be very are going to be achieved
mr. president well it's gonna be
achieved by having a lot of people there
wasn't too long ago though that you said
you define success of this meeting by
North Korea giving up its nuclear weapon
well that's what they're doing can you
say why you didn't secure those details
in this agreement because there's no
time I'm here one day we're together for
many hours intensively but the process
is now going to take place well for
president Trump a lot comes down to his
newfound trust in Kim jong-un let's
watch that I believe that he wants to
get it done who trusts him
I do trust him yeah no will I come back
to you in a year and you'll be
interviewing I'll say gee I made a
mistake that's always possible as you
know we're dealing at a very high level
a lot of things can change a lot of
things are possible he trusts me I
believe I really do I mean he said
openly and he said it to a couple of
reporters that were with him that he
knows that no other president ever could
have done this I mean no other prey he
knows the presidents he knows who we had
in front of me he said no other
president could have done this I think
he trusts me and I trust him Wow
forewarning turned by New York Times
chief White House correspondent Peter
Baker he's also an MSNBC contributor
former governor of New Mexico bill
Richardson who's negotiated with the
North Korean government before the leb
scam is Gordon Chang and the vice
president for the national security
program at third way mica Oh yank then
let's start in this order I want to
start with Peter about the reporting
here do we have any evidence to answer
what major guy was asking about do we
have any evidence that there was a
worked out plan for verification of any
kind or any kind of agreement along
those lines no that's gonna have to be
the product of months of work I mean
this is a very complicated process the
North Koreans have an estimate at heart
and 41 different sites
as part of their nuclear program you
can't just sort of walk in there switch
off of a switch this is going to be a
very complicated negotiation going
forward first of all just to arrange the
logistics how it worked what kind of
timeframe would it be what kind of
declaration wouldn't North Korea give so
that we would have a baseline and know
what we are talking about in the first
place we we have you know our
intelligence on it but they've never
made a declaration that we the United
States is considered to be satisfying
and then you have to figure out how do
you verify how do you actually know that
they've done the things they're
promising to do this is this is only the
beginning of the process not the end
what do you have any evidence that the
North Korean people who are subject
entirely to government supervision as to
what they learn and dictate have they
heard anything about denuclearization
because I just saw that's the wires
thing that came out of their government
news agency that never mentions that all
doesn't say we've agreed to withhold our
provocative irritating exercises from
the from the 30th parallel what do they
have it has Kim told his people he's
going to denuclearize it doesn't sound
like at least he's not emphasizing that
the report I just saw from their state
television indicated they were
emphasizing the you know the the meeting
itself the fact that he had this meeting
with the American president he was on a
pier level in effect with the American
president and didn't talk about
denuclearization the truth is I don't
know that it matters that much it's not
like he's worried about popular support
and suddenly you know they're gonna
abandon him if he gives up the nuclear
weapons the point is in fact that he
could get more populous before if he's
able to deliver on some economic
benefits that's the trade-off that donal
table is implicitly suggesting here he
even showed a video of what a future
North Korea could look like modern and
hip and and economically prosperous
that's the deal here that he's that he's
trying to get Kim jong-un to buy into a
vision of a new North Korea that is more
like its southern neighbor let's go to
Governor Richardson on his governor
you've been through this before
positively and then done sometimes
unsuccessfully but you've been graded
the particulars of getting people out
over there are we safe for now
after yesterday well yes we are safer in
that there's a diffusion of tension
a in the Korean Peninsula South Korea is
on a program of bettering relations with
North Korea Japan is still very jittery
because there's acceptable to their
missiles China is helpful on the
sanctions but there's trying to keep
them there weakening them we are a
little better off in terms of tension in
terms of there's a movement towards
normalization the the problem is that
we've got nothing in the area of time
line specificity and any kind of
inspection regime whatsoever
the North Koreans obviously resisted and
you know had the administration asked me
although secretary Pompeo did call me
once I would have told them the North
Koreans always want us to go first in a
negotiation then then maybe they will do
something well we went first we made the
mistake we said that we're going to stop
some of the suspend some of the military
exercises with South Korea I would have
said you know do it concurrently don't
give them something right away
especially when on the inspection issue
on the nuclear on the missile
negotiations
they've given us nothing so in 60 days
if they don't have an inspection regime
if they don't have us this specific plan
for freezing and destroying some of
their nuclear weapons theirs they've got
maybe 60 or their missile sites or
conventional weapons right you know I
think they got the better of the deal
let me go to meek on this because what I
was struck by is the fact that after
these three quarters of a century since
the Korean War that still is the actual
fighting stop we haven't been able to
get our bodies back I mean it's the most
minimal humane thing let us have our
body's backup service people who were
killed in that war and now there's no
what lets you go look for them about a
million bucks a person maybe you can
find some bodies here there this is such
a small and I would think even repellent
offer to us to say yeah you can go look
for the bodies yeah it doesn't nothing
to address the security threat to the
United States as governor Richardson
said we're not talking about the
ballistic missiles that can hit the
United States we're not talking about
the nuclear weapons
you know allowing the United States to
search for its POWs and MI A's
it's important to us but many other
countries do that and it's not like we
should have to pay for that privilege at
the same time when Trump says well we're
going to stop our military exercises
we're undermining our own military ready
readiness for the troops who are there
now and their ability to interact with
the South Koreans in case of war
well if Donald Trump as I said delivered
a major concession suspending joint
military exercises with the South
Koreans he refer to those exercises he
did as provocative the same word used by
the North Koreans he's taking their side
of the rhetorical war here let's watch
did you talk about pulling troops out US
troop leaders discussed that no but
we're not going to play the war games
you know I wanted to stop the war games
I thought they were very provocative but
I also think they're very expensive
well according to NBC both the Pentagon
and South Korea's military appeared have
been blindsided by Trump stabilizing his
concession there and the associated
press reported Trump's own advisors that
urge them against halting the exercises
New York Times comments Nicholas Kristof
wrote Kim seems to have completely out
negotiated Trump and it's scary that
chump doesn't seem to realize this the
cancellation of military exercises will
raise questions among our allies such as
Japan about America's commitment to
those allies Gordon that's the question
if I were Japanese Japanese person
reading the papers to that say wait a
minute we're not even working together
to keep ourselves in shape to defend
ourselves against North Korea anymore
why'd we stop practicing these alerts
and these exercises that would be a
grave mistake because our readiness
depends on these exercises especially
because we have two separate militaries
working together you know if we can't
deter North Korea we've got to defend
South Korea and these exercises are
critical to that and so I hope that
President Trump
reverses that decision because that is a
mistake that is going to have problems
with our alliances and Chris you're
absolutely right about the Japanese you
know they are looking at the United
States as being a selfish power here
negotiating to protect itself and not
protect its ally Japan and there was no
mention of the abductees that Japanese
citizens who are kidnapped by North
Korea there was no mention of that in
the joint
statement there should have been and I
hope that there will be when they come
up with a more definitive arrangement
Peter what's this word I call today
another bit of these immediate 180s on
the Trump front where Mike Pence is out
there telling people up on the hill that
we're not going to stop our exercises
what gives well there was some confusion
about that immediately after that there
was a subsequent report saying no he
didn't say that so I haven't gotten the
bottom of that it is but it does
indicate how ad hoc this whole thing is
right you know the president makes an
agreement like that usually there are
some sort of preparation for it there's
a rollout plan there's a way to inform
not only the allies who apparently seem
to have been caught off guard but your
Republican allies and the hill as well
who take this stuff very seriously that
doesn't seem to have been as well
organized as you might have hoped it
would certainly this confusion involved
what vice-president set up there
indicates that but it's it that sort of
that's sort of what this president you
know that's how he rolls right that's
he's a freewheeling kind of person he's
not somebody he said he didn't need to
prepare for this and he would you know
he would basically go off his gut and
that's what we're seeing well during his
press conference this morning Donald
Trump spoke about otto warmbier the
american college student who was
imprisoned by north korea and died
shortly after returning home in a coma
let's watch that otto warmbier is a very
special person and he will be for a long
time in my life his parents are good
friends of mine I think without Otto
this would not have happened I really
think that Otto is someone who did not
die in vain I told this to his parents
special young men and and I have to say
special parents special people Otto did
not die in vain he had a lot to do with
us being here today
well according to trump the issue of
human rights was discussed briefly this
summit and Trump said he thinks Kim
jung-un
is committed to making change in his
country let's watch that part they will
be doing things and I think he wants to
do things I wonder what you would say to
the group of people who have no ability
whatsoever to hear or to see this press
conference the 100,000 North Koreans
kept in a network of goo
have you betrayed them by legitimizing
the regime in Pyongyang no I think I've
helped them because I think things will
change now at a certain point I really
believe he's going to do things about it
I think they I think they are one of the
great winners today that large group of
people that you're talking about I think
ultimately they're going to be one of
the great winners as a group governor
this is our well Ian I mean to talk
about how they're going to be better off
in the gulags because of this friendly
meeting down this date that he had with
the Kim jong-un the dictator and also
it's kind of a grotesquerie isn't it to
say that somehow a guy who was beaten up
his brain with basically beat up it
comes back barely alive and somehow
after the torturing of that guy that
somehow led to this summit how do you
what does that mean morally speaking to
say somehow he was a I don't know how to
explain why Trump would say that your
thoughts well I can I can understand why
he's saying that I was involved in
trying to get otto warmbier back my
foundation but it was a state department
that ultimately did that you know the
North Koreans take American prisoners
and they use them as bargaining chips
but on the whole issue of human rights
it was not discussed it barely was
discussed not just the gulags but issues
of torture issues a lot of these people
are starving they don't know how to
coexist their agriculture there many
people are jobless if you're in the
military and your members of the elite
yeah you're taken care of but I think at
the very least that we're going to
promise economic assistance prosperity
investment that has to be tied in like
our foreign assistance programs with
improvements in Human Rights allow
access to Amnesty International Human
Rights Watch the United Nations I mean
we don't know how bad things are I can
tell you they're pretty bad even though
when I visited eight times they keep an
eye on you they don't let you do
anything I I once tried to get into the
subway I barely got in to see how people
are but that's very restricted on what
you're able to see full access
unfettered access
to determine how we can improve the
human rights situation and and the life
of these people this is the poorest
nation on earth where a lot of people
are starving well all you have to do
anybody watch right now is watch any of
their parades
well it's any time they come out in
public they look like they're automatons
that people have to smile exactly in
synchronization they have to behave
totally according to what they're
supposed to do in that moment they are
freakishly controlled by their
government as as individual people there
is no freedom in that country you can
see it every time we get a picture of
them in one of their parades anyway
thank you Peter Baker thank you Bill
Richardson Gordon shank and Myka oh yeah
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
