can't do that because we'd be upsetting
the president the president of states I
can't believe it but no no no gosh we we
might poke the bear it's a language I've
been hearing in the hallways we we might
poke the bear the president might get
upset with us the United States Senate
right now on June the 12th is becoming a
body where well we'll do what we can do
but my gosh if the president gets upset
with us then we might not be in the
majority well bob Corker on court on the
court not for the first time not for the
first time he's by the way for context
this was he's the one sponsoring
basically this stop President Trump from
issuing these tariffs act I don't know
how to call it but he wants
congressional oversight over some of
these terrorists and look I actually
think there is a constitutional argument
against it I understand why some are
saying they love the idea but but boy
that's one frustrated guy and he is
right as to the excuses Republicans are
giving they're afraid of Trump and he is
it's so fascinating to hear that come
out into in the open because you talk to
Republican senators and you talk to
Republican members of Congress and you
say to them
why are you not speaking up and they say
my constituents Oh towards Jeff Flake
right I mean that's usually what they
look at what's going on with Mark
Sanford as you pointed out um you speak
up or you fail to express your fealty to
the Dear Leader and you get tweeted as
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
