just a short time ago one of China's top
officials weighed in on the nuclear
summit and called on the UN to suspend
sanctions against North Korea another
reminder there are many different
parties looking for leverage here and
it's not just about nuclear weapons but
also about economic power in the region
and around the world joining us now with
reaction from South Korea NBC News chief
foreign correspondent Richard Engel live
in Seoul Richard good morning when I ask
you about something we've been talking
about which is that it appears South
Korea was surprised in many ways by what
came out of the summit between President
Trump and Kim jong-un namely that the
war games were going to use the
president's term that military exercises
would be suspended did South Korea know
that was coming
well it appears that they did not were
not everybody knew it we reached out for
a comment from the South Korean military
and the response we were given is we're
gonna have to study these statements by
President Trump we're gonna have to
drill down into what exactly the
intentions and meanings are so clearly
the the military officials that we were
speaking to did not know this was coming
and we were going through official
channels which suggests that this this
came as a surprise to them that they
were blindsided by this and that in
itself is shocking
these military exercises are not a small
matter in this country there are roughly
30,000 US troops here every year they
hold several military exercises with the
South Korean military I've been told by
US commanders and South Korean
commanders that they are vital that they
are vital so that the two militaries
know how to work together I was told
that they had no intention of cancelling
them and then suddenly today almost as
an afterthought president Trump said oh
yeah by the way we decided to cancel
those exercises because you know they
cost so much money flying in all those
bombers from Guam it's really gonna save
a lot of money and then sort of moved on
from there Richard this is David
Ignatius in Washington you have the
manages always of being on the scene and
I want to ask you about the feel in ins
insole in particular the question of the
future of the Korean Peninsula what
people a sense about the desire for
eventual reunification the prospects of
peace the the chance that that will have
with or without US troops to safeguard
the process some pulling together of the
two Koreas over to over time so
president moon je the president of South
Korea has been pushing for these
negotiations he's really been the silent
force behind us he was the one who
hosted the Pyeongchang Olympics called
them the peace Olympics started this
process of negotiations and he's
delivered on that promise and he's
enjoying enormous popularity right now
in this mysterious a political rally
because there are some local elections
being held tomorrow and moon J's
supporters are expected to do very very
well because there is this peace
initiative six months ago people on the
streets here were protesting they were
calling President Trump a war monger
they thought that at any moment
because of the missile tests because of
all of the rhetoric that was flying from
president Trump's tweets that perhaps
there was going to be in a real shooting
war that could start on purpose could
start by accident now president moon
said we're gonna have peace talks and
those peace talks just happen now where
do they go from here there's a bit of a
debate they used to talk in this country
that if they could have peace with North
Korea that the wall will come down the
DMZ that separates the North and South
Korea and there'll be one country now
they're talking more about a Europe
style Confederation where you have two
different governments but both closely
aligned in an economic union where
there's a free flow of people and
commerce but two separate political
systems that's still
far down the road if we ever get there
but but right now the the peace camp is
feeling quite confident Richards Richard
Haass here in New York just building on
that imagine we have a scenario where
the talks don't go well denuclearization
is just clearly not going to happen has
this South Korean government so thrown
in its lot with a peace campaign that if
the United States as we got to keep
sanctions in place or even ratchet them
up that will create such a political
problem for president moon that there
will be our crisis in u.s. South Korean
relations I think absolutely he has
painted himself in this corner he has
put all of his chips in the peace camp
so now if the the peace derails he has
to I think he's gonna have to make a
choice either he sticks with the the
u.s. alliance and if the peace process
falls apart that could become a hostile
force of course that is hostile toward
North Korea or he breaks with the u.s.
and aligns more closely with North Korea
aligns more closely with China with
Russia so yes if this goes badly I think
president moon is gonna have to to make
a choice in his gap to to change
directions okay that gives North Korea
extraordinary leverage because they now
know that South Korea as much is almost
unconditionally committed to a peace
process is an enormous lever
NBC's Richard Engel thank you very much
and still ahead a leading voice from the
Senate Foreign Relations Committee
Democrat Chris Coons joins the
conversation we'll be right back thanks
for checking out MSNBC on YouTube and
make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
