full of course through all that pomp and
circumstance for the United States is
for North Korea to get rid of its
nuclear weapons program in the joint
declaration it reads the DPRK commits to
work toward complete denuclearization of
the Korean Peninsula what's not in there
is how or when that would happen here's
the president talking about that a short
time ago
what timetable do you envision for their
denuclearization that in the meantime
you are you thinking about easing any
sanctions well you know scientifically
I've been watching and reading a lot
about this and it does take a long time
to you know pull off completely
nuclearization it takes a long time
scientifically you have to wait certain
periods of time and a lot of things
happen but despite that once you start
the process it means it's pretty much
over you can't use them that's the good
news and that's going to start very very
soon I believe that's going to start
very soon we will do it as fast as it
can mechanically and physically be done
Steve thank you the sanctions will come
off when we are sure that the nukes are
no longer a factor sanctions played a
big role mr. president this joint
statement does not talk about verifiable
or irreversible denuclearization yeah is
that a concession on the part of the
United no not at all because if you look
at it I mean it said we are going to
let's say here it will be gone we I
don't think you can be any more plain
than what we're what we're asking issues
relate to the establishment of the new
u.s. deep bkr relations the building we
talked about the guarantees and we
talked about unwavering commitment to
the complete denuclearization of the
Korean Peninsula this is the document
that we just said did you discuss with
chairman Kim methods to verify either
with the United States or international
organizations that very process and yes
we did yes we did and will be verified
yeah we'll be verifying it'll be
verified be achievement to president
well it's gonna be achieved by having a
lot of people there and as we develop a
certain trust and we think we have done
that secretary Pompeo has been really
doing a fantastic job his staff
everybody as we do that we're gonna have
a lot of people there and we're going to
be working with them on a lot of other
things but this is complete d
nuclearization of North Korea and it
will be verified those people be
Americans or international combinations
of both combinations of both and we have
talked about it so Viktor chodz clear
that hasn't been discussed or worked out
at all the verification part of this and
that word verify in fact does not appear
in this joint declaration anywhere
working toward complete denuclearization
of the Korean Peninsula is a worthy goal
but how reasonable is that from the
North Korean point of view what is he
going to do that as Kim Jong Il gonna do
that and if so how would we verify it I
mean well the first thing you would do
will Yin verify you'd want a complete
and full declaration of all nuclear
weapons weapons precursors facilities
and expertise that then could be
verified identified and located and
verified by the International Atomic
Energy Agency these sorts of specifics
are completely missing from this
document you know you kind of wonder
like we really need a summit to get this
document there's there's nothing on cbid
there's nothing on timeframe I had heard
a lot about trying to get some sort of
time frame in particularly the year 2020
into a document of this nature given the
president's time in office and who they
were not able to get any of those things
so there's a lot of specifics that are
missing in this given the very high
expectations given the fact that we
pulled out of the Iran deal and we said
we want something better than the Iran
deal that was a hundred ten page
document this is you know doesn't really
measure the big picture on this as
someone who's worked on North Korea as
you have what was your view of it even
just seeing that the two men walk out in
the North Korea and United States flags
next to each other was this a good thing
bad thing for the United States point of
view sure I mean I think it was clearly
a historic thing no sitting president
has done this before I mean we need to
talk to the North Korean leader if we
really want to try to solve this problem
because he's the only one who makes
decisions
you know diplomacy is always about the
relative right relatively speaking if we
weren't doing this we would probably be
near an armed conflict that's certainly
where we were headed in December of 2017
so in that sense yes this is a good
first start in terms of the diplomacy
but there's still a very long way to go
and if you look at the balance sheet it
seems like Kim got a lot more out of
this meeting than Trump yeah so South
Korean military official is telling NBC
News that they really want to look
deeper at the president's comment
regarding ending of the combined
military drills the war gains comment
they want to understand the exact
meaning or the intention behind that
Jeremy bash let's go look at the visuals
here because the ribbon cutting aspect
of this in itself is huge it is has not
happened before I feel like the rest of
this sits on the lap of Mike Pompeo and
and others to actually execute and the
question is can we back into it this way
is it possible well the imagery is is
hopeful it is in some ways it's quite
touching I'm saying that a little
tongue-in-cheek that was was Ghazi in
his praise of a despot and a dictator
and I don't think any conversation about
this shouldn't let the fact that Kim
jong-un is a murderer a thug he starts
his own people and putting him on the
stage with the president I don't care
what anybody says is a major concession
and a gift at him that said dialogue is
better than military action but I do
agree that the agreement is entirely
lopsided it is the most vague the most
loose the most unspecific with regards
to the verification the accounting and
the inspection piece and is the most
specific most concrete most onerous on
the United States with respect to ending
military exercises and those military
exercises serve multiple purposes not
only do they deter aggression by the
north but they serve other interests in
the asia-pacific region so I think
taking those off the table is going to
be to the detriment of American national
security Joe so Richard we know what the
North Koreans got out of this they had a
murderous despot share the stage with
the representative the United States of
America
getting the suspension of military
exercises which I'm sure our allies like
the the Japanese may not be particularly
pleased with what the United States get
out of this well I think in what this
did is it stopped a drift towards war
that we with the conversation we were
all having on this set you know three
four five six months ago Joe so that's
that's been put in the bay and so I
think that's that's one thing that's
that's positive and I guess to make it a
sunny day you would say it least holds
out the potential for addressing some of
those specific threats posed by North
Korea
above all the nuclear missile threat and
there's nothing in here that interrupted
the the freeze on on testing of nuclear
weapons and and ballistic missiles so I
would say that's essentially what we got
and the fact also that the United States
for some at least that we seem to be
embracing diplomacy this is an
administration that spent the last
several days not just kicking its allies
but seeming to reject the normal
give-and-take of diplomacy but I don't
want to exaggerate what I'm saying here
most of the upsides are potential for us
most of the upsides I think are much
more immediate and tangible for North
Korea and also China I would just say
that this outcome to me looks like
nothing so much as the proposal China
floated months ago when they talked
about a freeze for freeze a suspension
of North Korean testing in exchange for
a suspension of US South Korean military
exercises I expected Xi Jinping is going
not bad chance of war down weakens the
u.s. south korean alliance raises
questions for japan sanctions will begin
to loosen i would say it's a pretty good
day in beijing so it's hard not to be
incredulous to hear the president sort
of his take on how to work all this he
they presented a video to the north
koreans about all the wealth they could
amass in the future and and then the
president said this they have great
beaches you see that whenever they're
exploding their cannons into the ocean
right if I said boy look at that what
would that make a great condo be
and I explained I said you know instead
of doing that you could have the best
hotels in the world right there think of
it from a real estate perspective you
have South Korea you have China and they
own the land in the middle how bad is
that right it's great
so I think Jo it might be time for some
deep historic parallels and perspective
on that comment and so many others yeah
I think so trying to meet some this is
this is just too easy we hear that we
hear that history rhymes here it is it's
just the same words used in in verse 1
and verse 2
where I mean you can go from whether
you're talking about what happened at
the Appomattox Courthouse or what you're
talking about what happened in
Versailles during Paris Peace Accords of
1919 or even Kissinger going to Paris to
end the Vietnam War they all talked
about beachfront condos that's the great
that's the great equalizer he era
between nations like that it is that it
is Donald Trump still Donald Trump the
real estate developer and he doesn't
realize that that this dictator doesn't
want Beach condos he he wants nuclear
weapons and I don't think he has any
plans to go the way of Qaddafi yeah
remember George Kennan is great telegram
about how to lay out the hospitality
industry throughout the Richert Richert
actually keeps a copy of that on his
desk I think two thoughts two thoughts
just because something hasn't happened
before doesn't mean it's historic
that's one thing I think when you call
something historic it means that it has
a good chance of having lasting
implications and I think it's very
unclear at least to my layman's eye that
this does that I think Richards exactly
right if I were China right now I'd be
thinking hey I just had a pretty good
week because these two other figures are
making my life easier the other
question and and this is a direct
historical point is negotiating with
nation states that have some
accountability within their body politic
is a different thing from negotiating
with dictators and I think if we didn't
learn anything else from the 1930s I
think we learned that happy summitry
empty words potentially empty words and
lots of flags and lots of ceremony don't
necessarily lead to the consequences
that we hope for and so I think a dose
of healthy healthy skepticism here is
important this is the kind of thing that
would ordinarily cap a long process not
begin one perhaps this is the right way
to do it we'll see but we're not dealing
with in North Korea a kind of regime
where there are any checks and balances
whatever inside so we're dealing with a
and this may sound somewhat redundant
we're dealing with a figure who thinks
of himself as autonomous who worries
somewhat about his survival but more or
less wants to endure and have no
accountability to his people and I am
talking about North Korea there just to
be clear all right everyone stay with us
we have so much more to get to included
a pointed question to the president
about his budding relationship with
North Korea's dictator amid a decaying
relationship with Canada's leader among
other longtime American allies
you're watching Morning Joe we will be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
