here is the president of United States
and can-am kim jung-han
so we're signing a very important
document pretty comprehensive document
and we've had a really great term
together a great relationship
I'll be giving a news conference at 2:30
which is in a little bit less than two
hours and we'll discuss this at great
length in the meantime I believe that
they'll be handing it out on behalf of
Chairman Kim and myself and we're both
very honored to sign the document thank
you Amundson king take over again once I
go under king day each one a decree
monatomic I shall go to attitude can get
a couch crest meda to ship and to catch
myself who she can wear on an Akita
we're gonna hire you to give me the
caucus to be a vitamin D gets me
dominant eat encouraging it good good
one Ellen
hi pavani
except you know get every time we had a
historic meeting and decided to leave
the past behind and we are about to sign
the historic document the world will see
a major change or volitans a little
weasel baggage in that way again our
life express my gratitude to President
front to make this meeting happen thank
you thank you very much okay
okay
this president did he agreed and Eve you
arrived please
we're starting that process very quickly
very very quickly
absolutely you'll be seeing everything
in just a little while the letter that
we're signing is very comprehensive and
I think both sides are going to be very
impressed with the result a lot of
goodwill went into this a lot of work a
lot of preparation I want to thank
everybody on both sides secretary Bob
Mayo and all of his counterparts they
were absolutely fantastic I guess the
question is how do you get Smita runnin
they will provide chugging grandma in
psycho I am sitting in front of criminal
al Qaeda
macaque yusuf mansur am village hall in
regards to communicate foster manager go
business me de comida para pagar por
ma√±ana de tucson sugar granules upon the
reggae concert Remy de
thank you very much it's fantastic
we'll see you a little bit later and
we're very proud of what took place
today I think our whole relationship
with North Korea and the Korean
Peninsula is it's going to be a very
much different situation that it has in
the past we both want to do something we
both are going to do something and we
have developed a very special bond so
people are going to be very impressed
people are going to be very happy and
we're going to take care of a very big
and very dangerous problem for the world
and I want to thank chairman Kim spent a
lot of time together today very
intensive time and I would actually say
that it worked out for both of us far
better than anybody could have expected
I think far better I watched the various
news reports I would say far better than
anybody even predicted and this is going
to lead to more and more and more and
it's an honor to be with you very great
honor thank you thank you to all of your
representatives very much
param can get you stuff yes we decree go
in an agile your robot CJ hey guys she's
a very thorough passenger space Mira Kim
hyun-joong Nikkei comes at the depot so
they got begin owner Minami who do backe
they talk about that Tokuda yet you get
so good at those whom and Alvaro it was
recover Sumida to approach or manage in
Chuukese to cover for or you came and
negate the muscles in the comedic image
any company
thank you very much everybody thank you
to the White House absolutely I will mr.
Kim would you like to come to Washington
and that is the signing that the
president promised about one hour ago we
still have no idea of what has just been
signed by both the president and the
North Korean dictator I want to go to
former ambassador to South Korea former
ambassador Christopher Hill ambassador
Hill what art do you think has to be in
that document which the president called
a comprehensive document a Kim called
kill Kim called it a historic document
and what is what constitutes a
comprehensive document in this situation
I want to go to a former investor
Michael McFaul
on that well Lawrence we don't know
what's in the document like you said you
know President Obama when he first met
with President Medvedev in Moscow in
2009 they signed a joint understanding
for the parameters for how to negotiate
the New START treaty and in that
document were very concrete goals that
both sides agreed to that later became a
treaty that was then ratified by both
governments so I hope we'll see
something similar in this document
that's been signed obviously we have to
wait and see it once they release it
Mike Murphy we heard the president
referred to it as a start so surely that
sounds like something that's going to
have a lot of promises attached to it
both by the dictator of North Korea and
by the president of United States yeah I
think it'll be an agreement to talk
about more talking
that said the thing I'll be looking for
unless there's some huge home run here
which I'm very dubious of because I
don't think the regime will ever give up
their news but will it mention sanction
relief because what I'm worried about is
that we make the mistake of trading away
sanctions against North Korean promises
of the future which would fit the North
Korean regime strategy of the long game
and the president's need for immediate
acclamation so if we give away
things like lightening up sanctions in
exchange for their promise to go on
forever to talk about getting to some
golden solution that would be a huge
strategic defeat I believe for us the
problem with outlaw regimes is when you
negotiate them with them you're
negotiating in good faith that's how we
operate they don't so these agreements
are very tricky and you just can't give
them any good faith for long term
promises particularly if you give them
anything like what they really want
which is sanction relief we already gave
them the summit we paid at the door
let's see what we get
and Jason Johnson on sanction relief
this is the administration that wants to
reimpose sanctions on Iran with no
evidence whatsoever that Iran was in any
way violating the Iran deal yeah this
administration wants to reimpose
sanctions on Iran after tearing up a
deal that other countries are involved
with this is a country that wants to put
high tariffs on our allies and yet the
president can sit there and say you know
he's honored and had this great time
with Kim going on if my real concern
about this and other people have
mentioned it is we have no idea what
comprehensive means when it comes out of
the mouth of this president it could
have been a big piece it could have been
a high school note do you like me check
yes or no who knows because we're
dealing with Donald Trump here if this
ends up having time line saying look
we're going to meet or representative
from our nation's we'll meet every 18
months and this will be accomplished at
this point if there's benchmarks and
checkmarks and everything else like that
that would be fantastic but there's
nothing about this administration that
would lead one to believe that this will
be a comprehensive message and the
president will continue to sort of wing
it whatever it is he feels like it and
again also say this even if we wanted to
lift sanctions or do something about
sanctions the president's horrible
relationship with the rest of the world
right now would make it difficult to get
other Western nations to participate in
lifting these sanctions so I don't even
know if what he's saying now can be
enforced by alliances that we had less
than 48 hours ago thanks for checking
out our youtube channel subscribe by
clicking on the button below for more
from the last word and the rest of MSNBC
