so the in terms of what else the
president might see as an a not too
valuable thing that would be okay to
give away what about this issue of a
peace treaty the North Korea and South
Korea split in 1948 there's a secession
of hostilities in 1953 but we don't have
a peace treaty
technically hostilities are still
ongoing which seems insane and it was
like a weird way to think about it so
what would it be
substantively to to move toward a peace
treaty to move toward that sort of an
agreement well for you know for North
Korea what it would mean is the munition
of our presence in the Korean Peninsula
that would start with us ceasing certain
military exercises in the region it
would then lead to us moving certain
military hardware out of the region and
ultimately it would get it this question
whether there should be US troops in
South Korea because technically they're
there you know as part of the
arrangement we're providing for their
security given that there is no peace
agreement so for the North Koreans you
know look we be very clear as you're
talking about I'm not progressive I like
talking better than fighting yeah but my
worry here is that he's going to put
stuff on the table that you shouldn't
put it at the beginning of the process
the North Koreans want a nuclear
deterrent they want international
legitimacy then when sanctions relief
and they want less US military presence
in North East about wanting to give up
the North Koreans don't need to ask for
reduction of troops all they have to ask
for is a peace treaty because it sounds
good it sounds historic food all your
guests ending the war except the problem
is it removes a legal justification
later and undercuts a political
rationale for us having our troops in
South Korea so you will come up South
Koreans were later asked we don't have
more anymore even Americans might say
why do we have our troops in South Korea
didn't we end the war let's bring the
boys home so that really just undercuts
the rationale for a troop presence
that's the giveaway yes yeah if they
push in that direction in the first
couple of hours that's what he's pushing
for yes that's what he wants by saying
regime security we need with gym
security the Japanese are right
yeah scared of that hey there I'm Chris
Hayes from MSNBC thanks for watching
MSNBC on YouTube if you want to keep up
to date with the videos we're putting
out you can click subscribe just below
me or click over on this list to see
lots of other great videos
