this president how's it going so far sir
what do you think
as we await this working lunch between
these two leaders allow us to put this
night into context this evenings
historic face-to-face meeting comes just
days after a major clash between Donald
Trump and some of America's closest
allies at the g7 summit which remember
was just this past weekend relations
were already strained when the president
went to the g7 on Friday but then
disagreements over trade and Trump's own
pressing the case for tariffs made
things more contentious Canadian Prime
Minister Justin Trudeau struck back
nicely but firmly with these comments
hinting at further retaliation Canadians
did not take it lightly that the United
States has moved forward with
significant tariffs on our steel and
aluminum Canadians were polite were
reasonable but we also will not be
pushed around so that was that and then
Trump responded with a torrent of
insults on Twitter calling Trudeau quote
very dishonest and weak while attacking
other US partners
he also withdrew US support from a joint
agreement reached at the g7 meeting they
had just agreed to it before his
departure this now iconic photo got a
lot of circulation this weekend it was
released by the Office of the German
Chancellor Angela Merkel and it really
does capture the seriousness of what was
going on there and the presidents
according to some who look at the
picture isolation as part of the group
as he makes this most important
diplomatic move since taking office well
with us tonight live from Singapore
Philip Rucker Pulitzer prize-winning
White House bureau chief for The
Washington Post and with us from
Washington Peter Baker chief White House
correspondent for The New York Times
Philip Rucker in your view I'm sure that
at the halfway mark perhaps a little bit
past it's too early to know just what it
is we are witnessing here the history
part what Donald Trump wanted to emerge
the the visuals it has that already been
accomplished I think it has Brian the
history here is that
Donald Trump is the first u.s. president
to have this kind of a meeting with the
leader of North Korea the event the
photo-op this morning was staged with
that big red carpet they came out they
shook hands they sat down one-on-one and
then they joined each other's
delegations for that bilateral meeting
that is ongoing now and for Trump it's
just so striking because he's afforded
kim jeong-hoon more respect than he did
the canadian prime minister and quebec a
few days ago he's referring to Kim here
as mr. chairman he's flattering him in
some ways he said it was his honor to
meet him has said nothing yet that we're
aware of about the human rights
violations of Kim jong-un and his regime
in North Korea or about the total
totalitarian state that he leads back
home so Peter this just could be one of
those things Donald Trump is more
interested in it is the the big chess
move on the big stage the the g7 may may
bore him by comparison a two-day kind of
low-energy summit up in Canada but then
you hear arguments as we did in this
studio tonight from Jeremy bash that the
Stars and Stripes should not be adjacent
to the North Korean flag this elevates
all of North Korea by proximity well
look this is a president we know of who
likes superlatives he wants to be the
first the most the biggest the best
things that have been done for 40 years
don't intercept things have never been
done do and the meeting with Kim jong-un
has never been done no sitting American
president has ever met with a North
Korean leader that by itself makes a
history now the question is whether it
goes beyond the photo-op whether if it
goes beyond having those flags next to
each other and we can't tell President
Trump did tell us over the weekend he
would know within the first minute of
meeting Kim jong-un whether it was going
to be a successful summit he's now gone
for more than a minute so we have to
assume that he's feeling pretty good
about it but the truth is you know he
hasn't set a definable standard for what
success would be out of this meeting and
presumably it's just you know the way a
way in the door to future meetings that
might or might not be presumably more
substitute and more concrete in getting
us down the road toward an actual
agreement so Phil Rucker we've agreed
that the
Trump made history tonight I'm the last
person who should be judging right and
wrongs in the business of diplomacy but
have you talked to anyone who has passed
judgment on the decision to go in to the
first bilateral meeting the first
one-on-one with merely translators and
no one recording for the record no note
takers which is customary well president
Trump's advisors have been saying that
that meeting is set up that way in part
because the most important thing to come
from it is the personal relationship
between the two leaders Trump came here
to Singapore hoping to establish a
rapport with Kim Kim came here hoping to
sort of normalize relations with the
United States and to do that they wanted
to meet one-on-one together to establish
their own connection build their own
chemistry sort of feel each other out
before they bring in their other
advisors there's risk of course which
I'm sure others on the broadcast have
been talking about all night which is
that there are no note takers there's no
sort of official version of events for
either government to hold on to about
what is said back and forth but for
Trump this is totally not surprising I
think Trump likes to have these kind of
personal engagements he sees this as
almost like negotiating one of these
real-estate deals he did in Manhattan
where he sits across from someone sizes
up his competitor and tries to figure
out a way to manipulate him and outsmart
him Peter you've watched this guy for a
long time I am anticipating a joint
statement perhaps a press availability
that will be rife with superlatives but
then even as he's in gets outside of
Chinese airspace the pressure for
deliverables begins and people in our
business will keep writing the articles
about the the deal with North Korea what
happened with denuclearization and
that's the tough part of this job oh
it's so much is I mean look President
Clinton struck a deal with North Korea
and obviously it fell apart President
Bush got close to couple deals that we
also fell apart and you know you in that
flush of the moment you feel good about
a deal you feel like you know you've
brought the world closer to peace of
course anyone we want that
but the details are so important and
it's so much more difficult one thing
president chomp has said and he's right
about isn't it's more difficult today
than it was a decade ago when President
Bush was doing it and certainly more
difficult than it was 25 years ago when
President Clinton was doing it because
North Korea has a nuclear arsenal right
now it's not the Libya model Libya
didn't actually have nuclear weapons
they only had a program intended to try
to develop nuclear weapons Iran for all
the sturm and drang over the agreement
that was made with President Obama
didn't have nuclear weapons they had a
program that might get them to getting a
nuclear weapon this is more complicated
will take a long time under the best of
circumstances so you know yes on the
first you know you don't normally do it
this way you normally have the experts
go in first you work your way up to a
leader meeting but as we saw in the g7
and we've seen in other instances the
only person who really matters in this
administration is the president the only
one who can actually cut a deal as a
president everybody below him doesn't
have the authority to make deals so I
guess in that sense there's a certain
logic to having the president in on the
first meeting hey there I'm Chris Hayes
from MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click Subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
