this was day 508 of the Trump
administration and these are the images
the historic photo op being broadcast
around the world tonight we just don't
know yet what this all means it's
currently just after 11:00 a.m. in
Singapore where Donald Trump and Kim
jong-un are still meeting this marks the
first ever meeting between a sitting
president of the US and a North Korean
leader immediately after their initial
handshake
president Trump Kim jong-un spoke with
reporters
it's a remarkable event in many ways
take two from that photo-op right there
how remarkable it is for him to leave
his country and how remarkable it is for
us to hear his voice the President and
Kim jong-un spent their one-on-one time
along with only translators notably no
note takers in the room then they took
the conversation down a long hallway
another meeting with the rest of their
staff that's still going on in about a
half hour we are expecting the president
Kim jong-un to take part in a working
lunch we want to bring in our leadoff
panel on a Monday night Nicole Wallace
veteran of the bush White House host of
deadline White House 4:00 p.m. Eastern
Time right here on this network Jeremy
bash former chief of staff at CIA and
the Pentagon
Gordon Chang columnist for The Daily
Beast author of nuclear showdown North
Korea takes on the world if we think
that's germane just kidding and we begin
with NBC News
telly is where it's all happening in
Singapore Kelly do we have it about
right that we believe this kind of
bilateral conversation with staff is
still going on that's our understanding
now and this is a multi event day in
part Brian because both of these leaders
are very aware of branding of spectacle
to some extent you could argue it for
North Korea propaganda and so there was
a need here to not simply meet behind
closed doors and emerge at the end of a
day but to have intervals where we are
seeing the leaders of the public and
judge how they are interacting you've
talked about the body language and the
words that have been said
but also to give sort of data points
through the day visually which are
important for both countries and really
for the record of history and for
President Trump he has said plainly a
number of times that although there are
working groups that have met and have
really gone into the nitty-gritty of
what could be on the table between these
two countries he has said again and
again it is not about staff it's not
about experts it's about relationship
and so we saw at the beginning of this
from handshake to time alone as you've
been describing tonight how it's the
interpreters but just these leaders
getting a sense of each other the
president has leaned heavily when he's
talked to reporters about the fact that
he felt he could have a gut-check moment
with Kim jong-un he would be able to
tell and that relationship would be the
thing he would leverage for any outcome
for the United States now there are
certainly diplomatic histories here that
have shown deception on the part of
North Korea a lot of that is a turn of
the page for this president who likes to
believe through the force of his own
personality and in many ways both men
are cults of personality in their own
right that that is the tool he brings to
this the president would also say that
there was a almost a brinksmanship of
potential hot war only months ago and
now they're at a point where there
aren't rockets and missiles being tested
the rhetoric between the two men that
was deranged maniac and little rocket
man that is all melted away and today
it's the superlatives we've come to know
from President Trump about an excellent
relationship and optimism certainly
Secretary of State Pompeo who has been
in the nitty-gritty of this as well and
as met Kim jong-un before says the
president is trying to protect project
this confidence but he is often the one
who repeatedly says complete
irreversible verifiable nuclear
disarmament on the part of North Korea
President Trump doesn't use that phrase
as much he is much more focused on what
the relationship can mean and how he
will project this as a demonstration of
what he could do that past presidents
have not for better or worse history
will decide but this is a memorable
moment that will be in the biographies
of both of these men for a long time to
come Brian with midday
in Singapore and midnight approaching
here on the east coast of the US our
thanks to Kelly O'Donnell for getting
our broadcast situated with a situation
report from there okay Nicole Wallace
so Kelly appropriately kind of
paraphrased the president the staff
meetings are over this is this is down
to me and him this is where I excel and
the problem is they're gonna be
deliverables that are expected out of
this thing right so the two things I've
heard all night from former national
security officials from past Democratic
and Republican administrations are
around two central concerns one that
that first meeting took place without
anyone in the room
so whatever kicked off this first ever
interaction between the two leaders
America and North Korea has no witnesses
and that and Keir Simmons of NBC News
reported today at 4:00 o'clock that both
men are known liars so it's not a good
starting point for a meeting with so
many potential consequences the second
was at the end of Kelley's report there
where the stated goal US policy is what
was articulated by Secretary of State
Mike Pompeo and Kelly mentioned it
certifiable verifiable denuclearization
Donald Trump didn't didn't match that
goal his goal was aside in the first
minute if I like him or not so we know
have US policy said it's something
highly unlikely to be achieved today if
ever and a president who made this all
about himself go figure Jeremy bash our
friend Steve Schmidt talks about the
absence of rigor so it's a word he loves
and so - why was it an absence of rigor
that led our president our side to say
sure just you and me and the translators
in the room nobody needs to know for
posterity sake
well certainly a mistake to wing it it
was a mistake not to prepare I think
there could be room for two leaders to
get together to have some private
conversations but I think that
conversation was really kind of
basically bromides and sort of niceties
you know you and I are gonna work
together I think we're now down to brass
tacks with on the US side the Secretary
of State the chief of staff
and the National Security Adviser but
let's not forget Brian the big picture
here which is the United States is the
most important bastion of freedom in the
world North Korea is the most important
bastion of repression it is a prison
statement is a police state and we have
elevated that police state we have
elevated that dictator by putting him on
the same stage as the American president
now maybe worth it if we can help
guarantee the security of our allies and
our own country but I think that's not
clear I think tonight was a lot about
symbolism whether it's actually
significant remains to be seen Gordon
what makes you think that Kim jong-un is
gonna say okay will will denuclearize
what we can get to that point Brian if
the United States is willing to apply
real maximum pressure it's a long ball
game it's a long ball game the
administration believes that US and UN
sanctions have reduced the flow of
international payments to North Korea by
about 50 percent Wall Street Journal
reported them hmm but we have a long way
to go we need to get that down to about
10 percent and we can do that by a
number of stricter sanctions on North
Korea but more important going after
North Korea's major power backers Russia
and China Chinese banks have been
laundering money for North Korea and
it's not just the small ones all four of
the so-called big four banks have been
handling North Korea's cash that's a
violation of US federal law that gives
us enormous leverage because this has
been most of your adult life's work did
I get it about right that to shocking
things about seeing this scene of the
two guys is Kim jong-un is out of his
country and listen to his voice yes
well Kim jong-un is much more outgoing
than his father his father spoke only
once in public and then he said about 13
14 words something like long live the
Korean People's Army now Kim jong-un has
actually spoken to the North Korean
people but we generally don't hear that
the more important thing that you point
out and I think it's absolutely critical
is that Kim jong-un felt secure enough
to leave North Korea for three or four
days now he wants to get back quickly
which is an indication there are
problems in the military we know that
because without recent reshuffle of the
top three post at the Korean People's
Army that is an indication that Kim is a
little bit nervous and there's all sorts
of other indications that all is not
well in North Korea at this particular
moment I also felt the need tonight to
point out that they don't make a car
that he can use as a limousine overseas
they don't make a jet airliner that they
can fly to Singapore he's driving a
German armored limousine and in a Air
China commercial jetliner both of those
are significant with regard to the air
China that is China's flag carrier
basically si Jinping the Chinese ruler
is saying to President Trump look Kim
jong-un is my vassal you better not hurt
him with regard to that Mercedes Kim
jong-un engages in gift politics like
his father and grandfather
that's the giving of luxury items to
senior regime elements to buy their
loyalty two things are given you know
really important Rolex watches and
Mercedes North Korea buys Mercedes later
so that is significant that he actually
arrived in that particular brand of
German car and Courvoisier apparently oh
really yes he has a particular pension
for a certain kind of alcohol but what
else have they built in North Korea or
what have they built 60 nuclear weapons
provide intercontinental ballistic
missiles medium and short-range missiles
100,000 rockets aimed at Seoul a
chemical weapons program that was used
literally for fratricide to kill his own
brother
a biological weapons program so I think
the real important stick of tonight and
the diplomacy that will unfold and the
press conference will probably hear at
about 4:00 a.m. Eastern is will the
North Koreans give up these weapons that
will threaten the United States and our
allies if not then this was a nice photo
op but it really doesn't mean anything
for our own security back up one thing
to the hundred thousand artillery tubes
pointing at Seoul this is where I always
go back to take nukes off the table
let's just say it's Fantasyland and
they're gonna go home and destroy them
all by the weekend you have a hundred
thousand artillery tubes aimed at a city
of 25 million people if you include its
environ
that's a that's a first-strike
capability right there and soul is an
amazing city if you've ever been there
you take off from a helicopter at
Yongsan military garrison in downtown
Seoul where the American military is
there with the Republic of Korea the
South Korean military and if you fly
north to the DMZ you see the entire city
and it is amazing what the South Korean
people have achieved over the last
generation and a half really at war
basically on the border with a hostile
regime there's never been peace there as
we've been discussing all night and
they've created an amazing immaculate
city and that city lives under daily
threat from these artillery teams from
the north Nicole let's talk about
politics how does this what happens now
in the next 12 to 24 hours well two
things it's important to know that
Donald Trump has been talking about this
summit with his his friends and his
outside advisors as a big moment for him
in the Sun it was never going to be
canceled I went back and looked at
communications from senior national
security officials in this White House
around the 25th or 26th when there were
news reports that it was on ice and
there were meetings in there were
meetings during that time when they were
putting out this sort of their own fake
news that the summit was off it was
never off advance planning was never
cancelled because he needs it this is
what he plans to run on in the midterms
the second point I make about what
happened today and I know we live in a
24-hour news cycle were fixated on the
moment we've been covering this minute
by minute this didn't happen in a vacuum
he left Canada where he literally seemed
to thrill in sticking his finger in the
eyes of our oldest closest most reliable
allies to legitimise and you can never
put that toothpaste back in the tube he
has now elevated the leader of North
Korea to the stature that he can never
undo so literally on the plane ride from
Canada where he seemed to delight in
ridiculing and harsh personal attacks
against some of our closest allies he
then landed and called it a tremendous
honor to be there with this murderous
dictator who Republicans used to
describe as a thug before they all got
brainwashed by Trump is him Gordon he
does get points for the spectacle of it
all this is a history-making event and
if it's going to make the world safer
for our children and grandchildren yes I
mean we've eventually got to talk about
human rights for a number of reasons
first of all otto warmbier this is the
one-year anniversary that he came back
and then he died shortly after that
there's a guy named David Sneden an
American who was probably kidnapped by
the North Koreans we haven't gotten an
accounting for him there's the Japanese
abductees President Trump said publicly
that he was going to get an accounting
for Shinzo Abe a the Japanese Prime
Minister and this is the most horrific
regime on earth but the one thing we got
to remember though is that we give state
visits to China and China engages in
horrific practices of its own and so we
need to sort of put this in perspective
I am sort of viscerally I agree with you
I don't really like the idea of US and
Korean flags next to each other but if
that's a small price to pay that I'm
willing to do it because one thing
President Trump can do here and this is
important when you look at the scheme of
things if he can win over North Korea to
be a friend that is one more friend that
we have in a struggle with a China that
is attacking us across the board that is
China's only military ally that would be
undercutting North Korea a China's
narrative that they're going to take
over the world that's important for us
it's a small price to pay
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
