welcome back tonight and meet the
midterm four publicans are struggling to
move the ball in Big Ten country despite
seeing some surge in other parts of the
country our brand new NBC News mayor's
poll has Wisconsin Democratic senator
Tammy Baldwin up double digits 14 in
this one against her Republican opponent
Leah Buckner and in the gubernatorial
race we also showed Democrats of a
double-digit lead we have Republican
Scott Walker trailing the Democratic
nominee Tony Everett by 10 points in his
bid for a third term we're well aware
there's another state pollster that's
Walker up a point in a poll this week
we've had Walker down since July for
what it's worth we just had two
different likely voter models that we
each use we'll find out who's right on
Election Day same story by the way in
Minnesota where our new poll shows
Democrats poised for big wins we've got
them up double digits in both Senate
races and the open gubernatorial contest
of course both major party committees on
the Republican side have sort of taken a
pass on Minnesota two years after mr.
Trump came close to carrying the state
his approval rating there is below 40
sitting at 38% of Wisconsin it's much
higher at 45% more closer to the
national average both president Trump's
2016 electoral victory was driven by
success in Big Ten country namely the
Big Ten West States if you will the big
blue wall Democrats were counting on
this week he was in Iowa and Tuesday
Pennsylvania yesterday and tomorrow he's
in Ohio all our states will president
Trump for the Republican Party are
struggling in the midterms in all states
that will be vital to any 2020 campaign
you could say but with the stakes that
that high in Big Ten Country President
Trump can't afford a pun hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more Meet the Press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on youtube subscribe now
