the gut instincts driving Donald Trump's
approach according to his own aids and
what it means for American formas
foreign policy now this is interesting
today a senior White House official
telling the foreign policy writer
Jeffrey Goldberg at the Atlantic the
Trump doctrine is were America be that's
the Trump doctrine now this may sound
ridiculous it also may be revealing and
helping to explain a kind of defiant
outburst the Donald Trump just had at
Canada calling their Prime Minister weak
and dishonest as well as the approach
that Trump is taking at times to north
of North Korea which has been all about
attitude how long will it take to figure
out whether or not they're serious I
said maybe in the first minute you know
the way they say that you know if you're
gonna like somebody in the first five
seconds you ever hear that one well I
think that very quickly I'll know
whether or not something good is going
to happen enjoy now by a man who spent
time in North Korea Max Baucus a former
US ambassador to China under President
Obama as well as a former senator and
back with me for the hour has promised
our expert ambassador Chris Hill
ambassador Baucus thank you for being
here is this real does that sound you
like something that any White House
adviser would say and do you think
there's any substantive content to that
description of a trump doctrine well
this may be bit flip I think the Trump
doctrine is that trauma eagle frankly as
too much said Donald Trump one-man show
he doesn't listen to his advisers very
much he doesn't consult with other
countries it's America first which is
becoming America alone and if that's the
Trump talked and the United States is in
real trouble we have to work with other
countries diplomacy is extremely
difficult it's not off the cuff and
frankly I'm quite concerned that going
into this summit Kim has achieved two
big victories he's nuclearized the
peninsula and he's got this meeting
Trump goes in this meeting with nothing
and add to that I think we're weakened
now sanctions are going to be a harder
maintain because Trump is meeting with
the Kim jong-un right you're making a
point that we've heard from other
experts across the spectrum which is
that the meeting itself is supposed to
be a reward that's why other US
presidents have not given it up for as
you put it relatively nothing I want to
also ask about expertise because we all
aides are putting out these bellicose
statements there is a question about how
ready this administration is to do the
work of non-proliferation if they get
that far
New York Times reporting Trump is the
first president since 1941 not to name a
science advisor people who participated
in past nuclear negotiations say the
absence of that kind of high-level
expertise could put him at a
disadvantage your view sir well frankly
it is a deeper question
you know I having served in China I can
tell you that the Chinese are beginning
to think that the decline of America is
proceeding more quickly than they
anticipated and I think part of that is
the view Donald Trump with this
organization how he's conducted himself
the g7 is just example he a just a
person who lies he contradicts himself
and he and the Chinese just see this
disorganization this dysfunctional
government and I think that's a real
problem
I don't know that trumps going to get
much out of Singapore to be nice
sounding photo-op my statement and then
we'll see and all this comes down to
trust it comes down to verification I
all know that Kim's gonna trust Trump
because Trump changes his mind all the
time we can't trust him because he backs
out at least North Korea has is to be
very very hard to maintain the kind of
trust that's necessary in order to get a
subjective solid agreement details that
make sense unless there's transparency
and total verification and so is that it
I mean this question to both of you
ambassador Baucus first though what does
that success look like what does that
verification look like it's gonna have
to be inspectors in North Korea whether
it's the International Energy Atomic
Energy Commission
it's American inspectors Chinese
inspectors it's gonna have to be
inspectors people would have to on-site
the
site in North Korea to see what's
actually going on absolutely the the
deal that we had during the George W
Bush administration involved inspectors
and going to unknown sites and the North
Korean said fine you can see the sites
you already know about the ones we've
declared but no unknown sites and that's
where we had to pull the plug but I do
want to make a point inspection is not a
hundred percent game so the idea you are
going to have 100 percent metaphysical
certainty about your inspection you're
not what you're going to have is enough
to be sure you know whether the other
side's cheating and so we very
interesting that the National Security
Advisor John Bolton has these kind of
maximalist ideas and how that's going to
work with Trump who I don't think has
maximalist ideas on this when you look
at the past attempts and when we were in
commercial break you were referencing
mr. Pompeo is discussion or gloss on
those on those past attempts I want to
put up on the screen with Clinton there
was this agreed fame framework an
attempt to halt nuclear activity for oil
and electricity a Bush 43 had these
multilateral talks Obama something
called the leap day deal halt nuclear
activity for food aid but basically
failed and that's why we're here that's
why we're still going for it what is
your view of what that record says and
does that record in some way imply that
that put the meeting aside the Donald
Trump is not aberrant or out of the
ordinary and being a u.s. president
trying to get something going on out of
out of Korea look I don't think it's a
bad thing that he's trying to get
something going on but for example the
leap day deal the idea that they would
get inspectors back in there and return
for food aid we didn't even give North
Korea a peanut butter sandwich before
they broke the deal so we weren't fooled
we held back on what we had to give them
so it was unfortunate didn't go forward
but we were not fooled by we didn't give
them anything and same-same frankly for
the deal we did during the during
President Bush's done we gave them
increments of fuel oil they gave us
increments of denuclearization when they
stopped giving us those we stopped
giving them fuel so we'd never got ahead
of the process where we were caught
having given them a lot of stuff and not
gotten
stuff in return hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our youtube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
