remember when Republicans criticized
President Obama for alienating US allies
instead of managing American decline
leaving allies to doubt us and
adversaries to test us we will act in
the conviction that the United States is
still the greatest force for peace and
liberty that this world has ever known
under my administration our friends will
see more loyalty and mr. Putin will see
a little less flexibility and more
backbone the past eight years gave
witness to a serial degrading of our
alliances and partnerships all across
the globe only a couple years ago but it
feels so vintage but after president
Trump called the Prime Minister of
Canada Canada very dishonest and weak
and refused to sign a joint statement
from a summit of major US allies those
same Republicans have been silent and
this is all over an issue that's long
been one of the Republican Party's
central tenants free trade
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
earned president Trump's ire by saying
his country would respond with
reciprocal tariffs after the Trump
administration imposed tariffs on Canada
one exception two Republican leaders
widespread silence
Arizona Senator John McCain who tweeted
to our allies bipartisan majorities of
Americans remain pro-free trade ProGlide
of alliances based on 70 years of shared
values Americans stand with you even if
our president does not I'm joined now by
South Dakota Republican Senator Mike
Brown senator thank you so much for
being here appreciate the opportunity to
visit with you what do you think of John
McCain's tweet do you agree I agree with
Senator McCain that we are that we are
pro trade and that most of us want to
see free trade I did like the idea that
President Trump suggested earlier that
we eliminate all tariffs the challenge
is it's just not that easy because
everybody wants to make sure that if one
country happens to subsidize their
products that the other countries want
to be able to do something about it
meantime I think you can
we've got a surplus look I you know I
understand that today and it was
puzzling to me as to why he took that
approach I as I've suggested earlier I'd
really like to know what the rest of the
story is I I didn't see anything in what
the Prime Minister suggested that he
hadn't suggested earlier and so I'd
really like to know what was in the
agreement that the group had about what
the statement would be like or how they
were gonna treat it because clearly his
his attack was in my opinion it was it
was out of character without having
something that caused him to feel very
very strongly about an agreement that
had been broken and so I'd like to know
the rest of the story when you say it's
out of character I'm a little confused
because the president has has made a
presidency out of out of breaking deals
that we've have been in with our allies
the Iran deal the Paris climate Accord
he did not sign on to TPP I mean the
list goes on this seems like it's
completely in character with him to walk
away from signing on to a joint
statement from our from our allies well
I understand that he believes very
strongly that he can make a better deal
than what we had and I I agree I'd like
to have the TPP in place today I'd love
to have the NAFTA agreement completed
and back in force again the president
truly believes that he's going to have
to to come in and to create some chaos
in order to get a better deal it doesn't
mean it would be the style that I would
use but I'm not the President of the
United States he is and what I think
he's trying to do is is to make better
deals for our producers what concerns me
and the reason why I suggest it's out of
character is that he very seldom attacks
he normally counter-attacks and what I
don't understand is what the agreement
had been that might have caused him to
be as clearly irritated as he suggested
in in in the White House statement
because that was a very very strong
stamp that we don't like to see happen
between some of our best friends that
are out there and clearly Canada is one
of our closest trading partners and one
of our very closest allies and we don't
want to see bad blood between us again
we have a we have a surplus with Canada
I want
to the trading of goods and services but
I think let me Katie before you before
you go from there though but remember
that there are also some things in there
that a lot of Ag producers feel
uncomfortable about that it doesn't mean
that it's perfect and if there's a way
to make it better than what it was I'm
all in favor the president trying to
renegotiate senator Joni Aaron said if
he's gonna close down certain markets he
should be opening up new ones and as far
as I can tell she's still waiting for
those new markets to open up but there's
a lot of farmers in the Midwest who are
consider concur in that I would concur
in that it's kind of like look if we're
gonna have arguments with NAFTA and at
the same time we're gonna go after the
big dog which is China TPP would have
really put us into a lot better trading
position because that's a half a billion
people who want to do business with us
and it's one area that China would love
to see us fail in getting those folks to
do business with us because that leaves
China as the big trading partner for
those folks that otherwise would like to
do business with the United States as
well senator with all due respect why
are you giving the president so much
benefit of the doubt here when you
clearly disagree with what he's doing
why don't you just call him out and say
this is not right this is not the way we
behave
we need them they're our allies you
don't go throwing a temper tantrum well
we we do believe that clearly he had to
have had some kind of an agreement in
advance and I don't know what the story
is would you present Obama I'm sorry
would you have given this sort of
benefit of the doubt to President Obama
I have and I would until I know the
whole story and so look in each
particular case you're gonna find that
we do want I think we all agree we want
free trade I think we all agree over
here that that we can do better than
what we've had in the past but it's not
gonna be easy and I think we all want to
want to be able to negotiate from a
position of strength it's not the style
that I would use necessarily coming
after them and taking them all on at
once but if the president came here to
make change
he's got changed coming from all
directions personally I would have liked
to seen NAFTA put together and completed
personally I would have liked to seen
TPP in place or something similar to it
or at least one a tray tray degree
completed before we start going after
China but this is the approach the
president's chosen the end result is is
we want to see we want to see what his
game plan is what if we want to know
what the end game is what is the
generous reading since I think you're
gonna give it to him the generous
reading of why Peter Navarro the White
House trade advisor would go on to
another cable news network and say
there's a special place in hell for an
ally who engages in bad faith diplomacy
with President Donald J Trump why would
he say that
as the president's going to Singapore to
talk with one of our enemies our
adversaries why Katie I I can't tell you
I don't know what what I do know is that
there was a suggestion that there had
been an agreement and that clearly it
was a very strong disagreement that the
president felt had been broached that
the Prime Minister had done something
that he had totally unexpected that's
the only explanation that I can give
because most certainly we don't like
that kind of language is a hyperbole
involved and that is something that you
very very seldom ever hear and it's
something that that most of us don't
want to see ever when we're talking
about our trading partners and some of
our closest allies almost certainly I'd
sure like to hear the rest of the story
on it and the explanation we haven't
heard it yet I'd call it more than AI
purply I would call that an attack
finally on Russia the president wants to
let him back into the g7 make it a g8
again what do you think I disagree I
think mr. Putin has proven himself to be
untrustworthy and and not a member that
deserves to be back in the g7 to make it
the g8 once again what he did in
literally the annexation
that he was actively involved with it
clearly is wrong and Russia has to be
held accountable for that so why do you
think it wants to let him back in I
don't know
look III honestly thought to begin with
that it might simply be because one way
in which this president thrives is if
there is chaos he does his best to make
good things happen on a chaos where he
can take all the building blocks and
start over again
and the only thing I could think of is
is that he clearly wanted to send a
message that he's gonna drive the
discussion he's gonna drive the
narrative and part of it everybody was
talking about it it gave him the
opportunity to get his points across and
you could see in all of the different
pictures that were issued and so forth
the other folks weren't happy with the
president but nonetheless he didn't come
there to make them happy he came to
represent a better trade deal for the
United States and I don't understand it
I'd sure like to understand the endgame
that he's going after personally I don't
get it
Senator Mike round senator thank you so
much for coming on we appreciate it
you bet hello youtubers if you're
watching this it means you've checked
out our channel so thank you now do me a
favor subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
