so Michigan is one of several battle
grunts being targeted by Democrats in
the midterm elections particularly
Michigan's 8th congressional district a
mix of suburban and rural areas just
northwest of Detroit that helped pave
Trump's path to victory in the state and
it could be the roadmap to drive
Democrats win in the house
NBC News national political reporter
Heidi priscila joins with the latest on
that what did you find out
wave or no wave that's the big question
we're eating now right so I decided to
go out to one of the districts that
really can tell us the answer to that
question these are not the top ten most
competitive districts these are not the
Hillary districts where Republicans are
represented these are where Republicans
should have an advantage the lean
Republican districts where these
Republicans Mike Bishop in this case are
not used to having a race but in this
case they do take a look
if we win Michigan starting to get
returns from Michigan us chicken is
leaning toward Donald Trump chicken
Michigan Donald Trump has won Michigan
in 2016 the Midwest turned away from
Democrats they won't be taking our jobs
any longer swayed by a populist message
we'll end up having great health care
now recruits like Alyssa slackin will
determine if Democrats can win it and
the house backfired way fire way slot
can grew up around her family dairy farm
outside Detroit after ten years is a CIA
operative three tours in Iraq and at the
Pentagon she's back to challenge
two-term incumbent Mike Bishop and
what's been a safe GOP district the
tenor and tone of politics just feels
fundamentally unbecoming of the country
that I served and we did it like Connor
lamb in Pennsylvania slot can is a
prototype for Midwestern recruits in red
districts the template for a nation
public service backgrounds health care
is actually the real reason I ultimately
got into the
race and pocketbook issues are your
healthcare bills higher or lower than a
year and a half ago moving attention on
to Trump's promises you're going to have
such great health care at a tiny
fraction of the cost over breakfast at
the Brioni cafe health care is the talk
whether or not our representative is
going to truly represent the concerns
slot can has criticized Bishop for
donations from opioid manufacturers and
blames Bishop for Michigan's shield law
against pharmaceutical companies if
anybody ever came to me and said I'm
giving you this for that I would not
only tell them that that's illegal but I
would report them for having done that
Bishop is a formidable opponent I was
born and raised here hitting slot can
for only recently moving back to the
district I suppose like this he's from
around here and while slacking is out
raising him now bishops campaign will be
expecting two million dollars from
Speaker Paul Ryan's pantry but President
Trump promised a lot I alone conviction
and slackin is counting on marginalized
Republicans to turn the tide I
absolutely refuse to go back to straight
Republican ticket
as a result of what's going on the DC
right now so this race shows you why
Democrats are optimistic this is gonna
be a really tough race for her but she's
making kitchen table issues the issue
here you hear nothing no talk about
Russia no really like overt bashing of
Trump but in this district this
candidate Mike Bishop is particularly
vulnerable on health care because he
served in the state legislature when he
was Senate leader he helped block repeal
of this unique shield law that really
basically Michigan voters aren't allowed
to sue pharmaceutical manufacturers and
you can see here how this is going to
coalesce with what's going to happen
over the summer healthcare prices are
set to go through the roof
voters here that's all they're talking
about we went into this cafe it's
hitting them hard whether you're senior
citizen young old it cuts across all of
these demographic lines our gender and
economic class you know Peter it's
interesting that that the Democrats that
I've spoken to in the Democratic
leadership the most progressive even
those that are sort of at the tip of the
spear on the Russian investigation
they're saying when you go back to your
voters don't talk about Russia yeah
don't talk about the resistance right
look at Donald Trump's promises in the
campaign about health care look at his
promises about helping working-class
voters and actually forget the
resistance forget Russia forget all of
that you've got some pretty strong
30-second ads if you just lift what he
said in the campaign and move it forward
two years and say are you better off
today than you were two years ago on
health care on taxes on all these issues
well this is why the conversation we
just talked about Canada trade and so
forth is actually important but he's
Donald Trump sort of scrambled the whole
normal political equation right he's not
a free trader he's not a you know
Republican Chamber of Commerce guy he's
speaking to a lot of Democrats when he
talks about how we had been shafted by
trade particularly in Michigan and the
question is whether he can do it again
in effect through these proxies through
these congressional candidates can he
once again tell voters who might
otherwise not have supported Republican
presidential candidate with him by
supporting a republic
Congress they may not see Mike Bishop as
a proxy for that or not and she may be
able to convince them that Trump's
language has been Hollow but he is
scrambling equation that other
presidents haven't but Jeffrey though
just as Barack Obama's talent and skill
on the campaign trail in 2008 and 2012
was not transferable in 2010 and 2014
for Democrats it's hard to see how
Donald Trump helps many Republicans this
year in 2000 at 2018 especially again
when you have the kitchen table issues
that again look he has a low
unemployment rate to brag about and he
has a stock market performance to brag
about and and he's good at bragging I'm
not saying that an insulting way he's
very good at claiming achievements in
the way brock obama actually was
terrible consciousness yes something but
no i mean the good news for donald trump
from what we're hearing from heidi is is
that when you go to these districts
people are not saying this Russian
investigation man keep me up to date on
what Papadopoulos doing you know they're
they're not through my question for you
is is is there even the kind of a
low-level concern about the conduct of
the government's business in regarding
the Russian investigation things like
that people aren't even bringing it up I
really I did not hear much about Russia
if you're coming from Washington to them
I'm not even saying but that second
table I think was interesting the women
there I don't know if you picked this up
but they were all it was this Garden
Club of former Republican Women Voters
and they were adamant now the first
issue they were talking about was
women's issues okay and that is exactly
what ELISA schlotkin is counting on she
heard the buzz and she came over to a
table and started you know talking them
up their talk there they're counting on
a coalition of fired up Democrats and
also some of these disaffected educated
female Republican voters coming over
that said this is an uphill battle and
it's a reality check for Democrats
because there's still a lot of
Republicans we went door knocking with
Ryan's pack and there was still a lot of
Republicans who had never heard of her
and Democrats too and they're gonna be
hard pressed to overturn somebody like
Mike Bishop who has such name ID in that
district how'd he stay with us we
started the blog talking about the
student survivors from parkland Florida
and last week also marked the loss of
Anthony Bourdain and Kate Spade's we
want to mention that we posted some
resources at know your value dot-com we
have important information about
understanding treatment options for
depression and stress you can check out
our article by NBC News health editor
Madeleine Fernstrom all at know your
value calm we'll be right back with much
more morning Joe thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more four Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks
so much for watching
