I'm happy to announce that we've
released a joint communique by all seven
countries we had some strong firm
conversations on trade and specifically
American tariffs I reiterated to
President Trump that these tariffs
threatened to harm industry and workers
on both sides of our border I stand
ready to work closely with the President
to resolve this dispute swiftly but as I
have consistently said I will always
protect Canadian workers and Canadian
interests okay bad oh god what is going
on shocking so rude the Canadians it is
so typically Canadian yeah god what's
wrong with them okay do they not know
how to act on the world stage so when
you say what's that a boot that Canadian
or is that like Minnesota all I know is
it's really the people up north are so
rude yeah thank God for people in the
Trump administration they know how to
stand up to this yeah what she holy Sh
he really kind of stabbed this in the
back
he really actually you know what he did
a great disservice to the whole g7 he
betrayed oh dude yes he did because they
were united in the g7 so they had this
bilateral meeting we were very close to
making a deal with Canada on NAFTA
bilaterally perhaps and then we leave
and Trudeau pulls this sophomoric
political stunt for domestic consumption
there's a special place in hell for any
foreign leader that engages in bad faith
diplomacy with President Donald J Trump
and then tries to stab him in the back
on the way out the door and that's what
bad faith Justin Trudeau did with that
stunt press conference
that's what weak dishonest Justin
Trudeau did and that comes right from
Air Force One stop so anyway we have
with us did this sort through what these
Canadians again have done I mean if
you're ever seen South Park or you saw
John Candy and Canadian bacon you
understand exactly what these Canadians
have coming to them and Washington we
have NBC News Capitol correspondent host
of KCDC on MSNBC Casey Hahn chief White
House correspondent for the New York
Times Peter Baker editor-in-chief of the
Atlantic magazine
Jeffrey happy Goldberg also senior
advisor at the Center for Strategic and
International Studies one Sarat a he's a
senior national security analyst for NBC
News and MSNBC so now Jeffrey that we
have gone from act 1 this morning at 6
o'clock was horror shocked and you know
act 2 now we're trying to laugh a little
bit about it act 3 is building the wall
between Canada the United which is going
to be a very expensive wall very very
long it's gonna be though a beautiful
wall and let me tell you something pay
for it today the insert but there will
be taps in the wall and molten beer will
flow and maple unabated and maple
dividuals most American is Canadian I
think it is okay so I guess what really
is so surprising is you have Justin
Trudeau's a very measure of remarks by
Canadian standards polite by Canadian
standards right and then you have
Navarro and my god other administration
officials coming out a Kudlow coming out
and
an attack stabbed in the back it's that
special place in hell right there there
was absolutely nothing in those comments
so what is it about Trudeau we've been
trying to figure this out the trans
Donald Trump into the largest snowflake
to ever fall is the melting snow the
ground of an international I'm serious
if Donald Trump was offended by that
then he redefines the term snow flake
well remember two things one is I mean
some of this is not that hard Obama very
close to Justin Trudeau Justin Trudeau
global progressive icon not that hard to
understand where they would be
structural resentment there on the part
of Donald Trump number two and this is a
consistent aspect of Donald Trump's
foreign policy thinking allies can't be
trusted all of our allies are somehow or
other I've let my ribbing us well I mean
it's versary this is the adversaries are
given the benefit down we're gonna find
out tonight our time tonight tomorrow
and Singapore we're gonna we're gonna be
listening to Donald Trump describe the
leader of North Korea which is the most
murderous regime and the face of the
planet we're probably going to be
listening to him describe the leader of
North Korea in terms more gentle than
the terms he used to describe far more
the leader of Canada he's never
criticized Vladimir Putin but he's he's
attacked Angela Merkel he's attacked
Justin Trudeau by the way if only if
only Norman Rockwell were still alive
today that would be someone's
Renaissance painting level photographing
the German state photographers you get a
prize I think he will or she will so I'm
just wondering though Jeffery is Donald
Trump and I mean it seriously
is he a mad genius is he a mad political
genius picking these fights that do
great damage to America's national
security but at the same time hitting
the conservative base right where they
live going against progressive Europe
going against progressive Canada maybe
maybe this is such a mad genius quality
here that he's secretly trying
helped Trudeau because of course this is
making this is making the Canadian
permanecer tremendously popular this is
good for Donald Trump's base this this
isn't some weird pro-wrestling way a
win-win for the for the two parties
involved is there a kind of a genius
behind this you know the problem the
problem with the crazy Nixon approach to
foreign policy you know my leaders crazy
you don't know what he's gonna do you
better give in the problem is that is
that you there has to be a plan behind
it and there can't be a element of
actual craziness in the in the operation
of that of that plan and so this is this
is working without a net here and and
the consequences are too grave to for
the risk that he's taking in terms of
breaking apart the post-world War two
international Western alliance
well Peter this is now the second
president in a row that many foreign
policy critics have gone after for not
having an overarching international fame
of course there is no comparison between
Barack Obama and and and Donald Trump in
most aspects but we quietly heard
critiques and I know Jeffrey did I be
gently had the the the most important
interview probably Barack Obama's on
foreign policy certainly the second term
but what you quietly heard from a lot of
donald brock obama's international
critics where there was no overarching
theme it was just as he famously said
don't do stupid stuff but now we have
donald trump that's taken that and
turned it in spinal tap parlance to 11
yeah yeah this is the first g7 where
there was more WWF and there was WTO
right i mean this is this was that this
long it took you
but the truth is this is his doctrine
his doctrine is we have been shafted the
United States has been shafted for years
right whether it be trade whether it be
security by our friends and our foes
doesn't matter and it's it's America
first his definition of America first is
they had cheated us and I and only I
alone to use his phrase can do something
about it and if you know the specific
facts set the specific you know
substance of the dispute doesn't really
matter so much as this idea that I'm
going to stand up for us in a way that
Barack Obama didn't and you're right it
does I think played a certain part of
the American audience that's looking for
a champion if you watch his he supported
yesterday what they were saying is
finally somebody is standing up okay
Canadians weren't necessarily high on
the list for a lot of people but it is
the idea that we are standing up now
what is the other possible explanation
here the other possible explanation is
he feels going into this meeting with
Kim jong-un that he needs to demonstrate
strength right there theory the case is
now other people don't have their the
case is we're showing we are strong and
that will intimidate him into you know
being more deferential to us other
people say he's showing weakness because
he's cast aside allies but I think the
theory going on Air Force one at that
point was we're showing strength so one
the the central premise of Donald
Trump's foreign policy of his trade
policy is that the United States are
suckers that we've taken part in an
international order since 1945 right
that that is just a time and time again
hurt America yeah I you know we have
Steve Rattner on and we have he's a bit
of a chart ologist I have become a chart
all adjust myself I spent all weekend
where's your whiteboard Peter worked on
the WWF I worked on this chart will tell
you what's up all night doing it yeah
but there there this is America's GDP
post-1945 this came right here guys you
got a pic you tell me what carrier I'm
really Unversity we're gonna go to this
one here we go so here's my whiteboard
and
there is something remarkable about this
this chart and this reality if you
actually go and I would invite viewers
at home to do this look at the GDP of
the g7 nations look at the GDP of China
look at the GDP of everybody across the
globe this is not just from 1945 to 1973
this is from 1973 to 2018 but that
unlike any other country on the planet
America's GDP even through 2008 has
continued to go upward it is the most
breathtaking a comparison of our economy
versus Britain's economy versus Canada's
economy even versus China's economy
versus Japan's economy there is no other
country who is benefited more since 1945
anybody looking at this chart looking at
the real numbers would look at America
go oh my god they have played us for
suckers since 1945 well I think the
challenge here is President Travis Peter
was saying C's friends and enemies who
saw this tweet last night I like in this
regard they've been hammering the United
States in terms of trade policy not in
terms of those numbers those numbers
don't reflect I think Donald Trump's
world view on trade and foreign policy
it has to do with the hard traditional
industries manufacturing a steel
aluminum you know that those are things
and mining like Donald Trump is obsessed
I think they're 18pt technologies the
Chinese are working on AI they're
worried about 20 no no and you're
identifying exactly the problem with
this which is I think we're missing the
4 for the trees which is you have a
major challenge from China structurally
in terms of the economy in terms of
technology 5g technology AI quantum
computing and frankly we need our allies
we need the West to align both in terms
of trade for all the reasons you
described but also because there are
real structural challenges from
China as an alternative to the US
Western based model Admiral's degrees
earlier in your show was talking about
this point and I think that's a that's a
really important strategic element
that's being missed here our friends and
enemies aren't alike and I think we're
missing the point here and I think the
Trump administration is is missing the
opportunity to move from tactical
leverage to strategic leverage on these
trade issues and as we moved from trade
to North Korea Richard Haass tweeted
this analysis want your thoughts on at
the unraveling of g7 summit works in
North Korea's favor as a real Donald
Trump will not want to bust up two
summits in a row less people conclude he
is the problem increases incentive for
Kim to up his asks and limit his
compromises and for Trump to do the
opposite hardly the ideal content
Jeffrey this is actually exactly what
Donald Trump would one he would want to
deal with the North Koreans that would
end with the denuclearization of North
Korea and the removal of all US troops
on the Korean Peninsula right he talked
about well the the Richard might very
well be right but he's doing the thing
that we all do which is analyzing Donald
Trump's actions to the prism of how
diplomacy and power dynamic usually work
Donald Trump might be impervious to that
kind of analysis in any case you know
Donald Trump here you could you could
you could think of him as a very sort of
in the bandwidth of normal presidential
behavior all presidents want big deals
Obama wanted the Iran deal Jimmy Carter
wanted a Middle East peace deal as Bill
Clinton and Barack Obama wants his big
deal so he's already going into this
looking for a success he's the you know
the danger of any of these situations is
that you have a president walking into
the car dealership saying I'm not
leaving here without a car and the car
dealer says great we can make that
happen for you and so already
structurally this is Kim Kim who has won
north Korea has won this before it's
even started why would you say he's
getting he's getting recognition by the
President of the United States you know
can't see what surprised me the most
about Donald Trump and I will
that I have been completely blindsided
on this front I was accused him of being
a Democrat of being a liberal always
said that he would move but I said and
in part because this is what he had told
me very early on in the campaign I'm
gonna win the Republican nomination then
I'm gonna move so quickly to the middle
it will drive everybody crazy what
surprised me is he continues to see the
world through this very small prism and
that is what I've always called the 33%
of you know the most hardcore populist
Republican base and it seems this
week-end behavior and expanding that 33
percent to 40 percent to 44 percent well
I think that that's really I mean that's
that is a question that he could start
to answer here at this summit I think -
Jeffrey Goldberg point if if he is able
to come back with something that he can
sell and Bob Costas on this earlier that
he can sell to the American people as a
big deal they're gonna be willing to
give him credit for that some of this
other you know the the stuff that we're
talking about everyday kind of a side
and I do think the the major question
here and ones are out so I'm interested
in your your perspective on this you
know the president said he's going to be
able to tell within a few minutes
whether or not Kim jong-un is willing to
deal and he is essentially putting all
of his hopes and dreams on that one
moment and that is completely different
from what we've seen in the past yeah
it's a hyper personalized form of
diplomacy in some ways it's sort of the
the counter to the Obama administration
right President Obama was criticized for
not being personal personal enough with
his relationships this in some ways is
the is the exact opposite hyper
personalized and I think the challenge
here is is the president willing to walk
away and he's tried to demonstrate that
he's willing to do so but is this summit
too big a deal on the world stage for
him to walk away can the United States
continue to pressure with its maximum
pressure campaign isolation where as
Jeffrey's described is the summit really
a window for the North Korean regime to
begin its legitimation we already know
that he's being invited to Russia we
know that Bashar al-assad will visit
North Korea is this suddenly there's
this moment an open
for North Korea regardless of what
happens at the negotiating table and so
I think this is really a critical moment
where we determine whether or not not
only can Donald Trump deliver on a big
deal but can we put a process in place
that doesn't let North Korea out of the
box too soon and we get what we need
whether it's a year-long process or even
longer to actually verify whatever
denuclearization plan is mica we're
talking about a guy who say my instincts
are great I'm gonna know the first
minute I'm there yeah let's just let's
just step back a second and realize that
this is the same guy who hired Steve
Bannon who hired Rex Tillerson who hired
Michael Flynn who hired Paul Manafort
who Mott who hired McMaster who hired
all of these people that he then turned
around and fired right and many of them
now indited Papadopoulos indicted in
this playing Flynn indicted charged pled
guilty man affort
more charges being piled on day by day
this is not a guy who should be trusting
his gut it just described the last year
and a half have shown how bad his gut
instinct is and you've seen the last
year and a half what a relationship with
Donald Trump looks like and you just
named a few of them that is what the
relationships are very short-lived and
you could take this from his concept of
America first to a lot of people are now
calling it America alone to Peter Baker
now I would think it almost looks like
Trump alone and you've got people
mistaking Trump you know it's almost
like a Freudian slip
as a dictator because he's acting like
one and there's no sense to the moves he
makes except for how they play to the
base but in terms of in his
interpersonal relations on the world
stage
it's nothing about America doesn't
appear to well I mean to your point into
the to one's point he walks into the
summit and Singapore more isolated and
Kim jong-un walks in less isolated right
and the trick is if you are a negotiator
walking in thinking what am I going to
get out of this what are the experiences
you've seen in the last few weeks one is
that the g7 negotiators
sat down and they crafted a communique
and they dealt with Trump's objections
Trump didn't want this phrase and he
didn't want that phrase in fine we can
make it work with come together we'll
have a and then the second it's all done
boom he pulls the rug out from under
same thing happened on the Iran
discussions right Ryan Hook from the
state part went to Europe said hey what
can we do and make a deal that will keep
me around agreement in place but put
more pressure on Iran the Europeans gave
on some of these things and then
suddenly President no I don't think this
is nearly good enough so if you're North
Korea the answer is the only person who
matters is Donald Trump because anybody
else as a negotiator on America can't
close the deal and the only person
matter so that's why you're starting
this process at the top rather than the
bottom which would be the normal way
you'd do it because you might as well
just get straight to the decision-maker
nobody else matters Jeffrey does this
weekend matter are we are we over
playing are we over over analyzing what
happened in Canada or was it as bad as
oh it's completely weather I think it's
completely without precedent this is not
the way friends talk about friends in
public really not the same way that
people talk in private I mean that the
truth is that the Canadian US
relationship has been one of the
miracles of international relations we
have a 3,000 mile peaceful open border
with this country there is stable
democracy we're a stable democracy or at
least we we're a stable democracy for a
long time and and to upend that simply
for personal pique or whatever is is
motivating this or that or the
assumption that I'm going to get
slightly better trade deal with this
country that's really unprecedented and
it's dangerous and it's a signal to our
other allies South Korea Japan Australia
just talking about in the Asian context
that our president does not believe in
stability and that's important that's
for sure
one Zarate thank you do I hang on good
to have you everyone else stay with us
still ahead on Morning Joe and NBC News
exclusive we're learning a lot more
about North Korea's reclusive leader
from someone who knew him what Kim Jong
Un's former teacher is saying about the
dictator today thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and may
sure you subscribe to stay up to date on
the day's biggest stories and you can
click on any of the videos around us to
watch more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC
thanks so much for watching
