all right joining us now from Singapore
NBC News chief foreign affairs
correspondent and host of Andrea
Mitchell reports Andrea Mitchell
Andrea what have we learned from the
Secretary of State in his briefing this
morning
well the Secretary of State making it
very clear that they are prepared mica
to offer shirt assurances and security
guarantees unlike any that has ever been
offered to North Korea if North Korea D
nuclear eise's and they're now talking
about denuclearizing the entire Korean
Peninsula which has been North Korea's
bargaining position he was asked whether
that means that the United States is now
prepared to withdraw troops in fact to
not fly the b-52s and others other
bombers and submarines that are nuclear
capable in the region and he said he's
not going to be specific about troop
withdrawals or about moving any of these
assets he's just saying that they are
prepared to offer North Korea new
security guarantees unlike any that
they've ever had if they give up their
nuclear weapons so this is a significant
statement going into the summit just
taking place today there have been
meetings with the experts on both sides
today two meetings today in fact led by
first of all the ambassador to the
Philippines Sung Kim and others on the
North Korean side interestingly his
counterpart on the North Korean side is
the Vice foreign minister the same Vice
foreign minister who insulted Mike Pence
which led of course to the letter that
from the president two weeks ago
canceling this and then of course
resuming it once North Korea showed that
they really wanted the flexibility but
the backdrop to all of this I have to
say is the disastrous g7 summit which
White House officials were saying was a
show of strength by the president but
it's also certainly a show of first of
all the fact that they are not getting
along with any of the European allies so
he was asked about that as well and
asked about of course the the US trade
advisor Navarro was saying that there's
a special place in health for Pierre
Trudeau he said there were always
irritants in the relationship but it's
very clear that Mike
America's top diplomat is very
uncomfortable about what happened at the
g7 summit and was just unprepared to say
so Wow the Andrea Mitchell thank you
very very much so of those comments
thanks so over-the-top yes well they
were over that's not even that's not
even the way to describe it well it
really was the language of war the thing
is what's unbelievable is that they
again they had a good a good press
conference with Donald Trump before he
left before he flew out so my
relationships at 10:00 my relationship
to 10:00 and then he plunges the
us-canadian relationship literally into
its its low point yeah long time I mean
you know how do you how do you get to
loggerheads with Canada it's really as I
was watching the remarks and then they
saw Justin Trudeau's comments I really I
literally thought to myself the guys at
South Park go ahead and even imagine the
reality blame
candidates an area all but say you know
it would just be but so what kind of
Canadian but a problem here Jean is that
as we get to as we turn out of North
Korea Donald Trump and I will say it
again I I always thought that Barack
Obama was far too desperate for a ron
deal and i think it was a horrific deal
i do i it doesn't make sense for us to
get out of it right now right at the
time i thought he was too desperate I
think now Donald Trump is desperate for
a deal he's got to look good for him he
could withdraw US troops from the Korean
Peninsula and he would be playing right
into China and Putin's hands yeah and
they would just applaud and look at them
at the way these two summits are
interconnected in this sense there will
come a time assuming this North Korea
process continues there will come a time
when the United States wants to have its
European allies in the dens of the G
said g7 countries but join in imposing
sanctions so threatening sanctions or
tour
ramping up pressure so he has now taped
them off to the extent that they're not
gonna just kind of do that you know out
of friendship a man with his trade
policies he actually in a way is making
it more difficult for the u.s. to have
leverage to compel that sort of
compliance by the fact that we're the
the reserve currency and the biggest
economy and everything like that these
trade policies are making you know
actually people turn away from the
dollar turn away from the US financial
system in a way they haven't it seems
like the phrase leader of the free world
might be obsolete absolutely Jeremy bass
jump in on that note and also if I mean
if you can't get along with the most
polite polite nation in the world in
really at the onset of the most
important nuclear negotiation and the
first summit with North Korea I don't
think the scene could be set in a more
worse and dangerous way to have this
president walking into that meeting one
on one yeah and it calls into question
whether or not we're gonna keep our word
and you taught you heard secretary
Pompeo talk about the need to build up
trust and the a couple of other things I
know that from Pompey's presentation I
don't know if the others in the panel
think this but you really seem to be
walking back a couple of things that
Trump had put out there first he
basically said we're gonna do complete
verifiable irreversible denuclearization
before we relieve any of the sanctions
that's not exactly the tone that the
president had laid out there the
president had basically said I want to
you know get rid of maximum pressure and
the second thing is he made clear that
what North Korea seeks which is the
declaration of peace maybe a peace
treaty that that won't come until we get
what we need on the nuclearization front
denuclearization front and again I think
we could see tonight you know eight
o'clock East Coast time a declaration of
peace a statement something coming out
of Donald Trump's mouth that talks about
peace that's exactly what the North
Koreans want out of this all right
Jeremy - thank you very much we'll see
you tomorrow morning on set following
tonight's historic
summit coming up Mitch McConnell
couldn't be happier about how
conservative values have fared I
president Trump will break that down 20
indictments I don't get it the largest
debt spike biggest build spending bill
ever pay off to a porn star
yeah half tank high watermark Mitch good
job buddy thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
