well they're making two big moves late
today charging a new person in this
Russia proba Russian national linked to
Putin's intelligence services who spent
years working for Paul Manafort Muller
also adding new charges against Manta
Ford in this new indictment that
includes obstruction and witness
tampering the new defendant his constant
team color limnic who ran the Kiev
office for Paul Manta Ford's firm now
the new indictments of the direct result
of Muller busting man afford for that
alleged witness tampering earlier this
week now when that news broke basically
everyone understood it because Muller
was asking a judge to revoke manna for
its bail over those allegations that he
was trying to get witnesses to lie for
him people had turned over text messages
from Manta Ford and he had been trying
to conceal all of that effort through
encrypted messaging apps tonight Muller
is not only saying those efforts at
tampering should land mana Ford in jail
before trial as we learned earlier
tonight Bob Muller is saying those
efforts constitute new crimes and thus
Manta Ford and his employees should be
tried and sentenced for that criminal
activity obstruction and related
conspiracy these charges also cut
against a pretty common defense from
Trump allies that you may have heard it
goes something like this whatever Paul
Manafort did it was all old stuff before
2016 well tonight's news these new
indictments xx indictment in the Muller
probe this is new stuff this is all
about things man afforded this year
specifically around the time in February
when more heat was on him as his closest
aide Rick gates flipped
tonight's charge is clearly a priority
for Muller you can see it right there
while he shuns the spotlight it doesn't
do any interviews he does sign the big
moves in this case and that's his
signature on these new indictments no
man affords the only American charge by
Muller who has not flipped meanwhile
earlier today Donald Trump batted away
questions about a potential pardon for
him I haven't even thought about it I
haven't even thought I haven't thought
about any of it
it's certainly is far too early to be
thinking about that they haven't been
convicted of anything
there's nothing department it's far too
early to be it is far too early to be
thinking about it
we have several experts flying up but we
begin with federal prosecutor Daniel
Goldman and Betsy Woodruff who's as
always all over this case
Daniel what does it mean to go at both
man afford who's already got a stack of
charges against him but also bring in
this new defendant over obstruction well
it means that Bob Muller is continuing
with his pattern of being aggressive and
charging whatever it is that comes
across across him what's what's really
shocking about this turn of events this
week and given the bail revocation
motion earlier this week this is not
really a surprise to charge them they
really laid out their case in quite
detail but if you go back to the
indictment there is I was looking over
it and there's a sentence in there which
says that a principal for what's called
company a got talking points from Paul
Manafort about what they should say in
response to any enquiries about their
their lobbying in the United States and
they sent back a list of talking points
and then the guy writes the principal
for this company a rights heaven will do
that but heaven knows what the employees
might say immediately after that
indictment is filed in February 23rd
Paul Manafort reaches out to those
employees and tries to convince them to
lie to stick with his talking points
which is which is an outright lie
the hutzpah that Paul Manafort has shown
in the face of these charges is truly
shocking and he's using his his ally as
Kaleem Nick who has been referenced in
some of Muller's papers as person a who
has some connection to Russian
intelligence sources he used him
Presiden intermediary to do this
obstruction right now columbic is in
russia somewhere and and i don't think
there's much expectation to bring him
here so it's really just a bang this was
inevitable that columbic was going to
get indicted
inevitable as of Tuesday or inevitable
from previously I think there were
indications previously that column Nick
had a very close relationship with mana
Ford and that to the extent that mana
fort was engaged in some criminal
activity it's not a surprise that column
Nick is as of Tuesday yes for sure he
would he was lumped in but there may be
more remember rod Rosen's diving officer
I'll just tell you because you know we
keep it real here I I don't know that
you can say whether it's a surprise or
not I think all of this looks more
logical as the case is laid out but yes
if you go back a few months or a year
what this is the year anniversary of
James commis original testimony about
obstruction I don't think that anyone
legally journalistically there anyone
else knew that we'd be a year in 20
indictments and I don't think anyone had
any any expectation of that and we're
not done and I think what you have to
remember as it relates to Paul Manafort
and everyone's wondering why is he doing
what he's doing Muller has been
authorized to investigate Manta fort on
the collusion side as well which is
completely separate from what he's doing
here and it would not surprise me at all
if further indictments of Paul Manafort
come down and they involve Constantine
it would involve clinic and what Russia
wanted to get out all this Betsy let me
read some of the text as Dan mentioned
this originally came out of course in
the attempt to jail mana for before his
trial based on the argument that he is
basically tampering february 24th he
says this is paul two days later he says
we should talk I've made clear that they
worked in Europe that is significant
because it goes to whether or not there
was u.s. lobbying that was illegally
done and then he goes on here in the
message here that's person a which we
believe is a clinic hi how are you hope
you're doing fine my friend P is trying
to reach this other person to brief him
on what's going on these are the spare
lines of text that obviously they
thought either would not get seen or
would be spare enough that they could
get away with what they're doing a bob
muller firing back tonight and saying
those are evidence of new crimes that's
right and I think Hutts
the perfect word for what we're seeing
with Paul Manafort in his efforts to try
to shift the the way that the
investigation was being conducted it
really is an extraordinary revelation
that we're seeing in this indictment
today I believe besides the day that he
was first indicted today was probably
the worst day thus far for Paul man
Horton and that's because today
dramatically ratcheted up the likelihood
that he could end up going to jail
earlier this week when that motion came
down or that motion came down from
Muller's team saying that mana Ford
appeared to have obstructed justice
initially it was unclear what kind of
impact that would have on Paul mana for
its freedom especially because his
attorneys would have been able to argue
in court look if there's an obstruction
of justice allegation but no indictment
then the obstruction of justice charges
can't be that bad right however now we
have this indictment now we have Bob
Muller himself signing his name on the
dotted line saying Paul Manafort tried
to get in the way of my investigation
and that means that a judge is going to
have to look at that very seriously if
they're just gonna know that a grand
jury signed off on this indictment and
that raises the likelihood that Paul
Manafort could be a car serated before
his trial right and pretrial detention
is is nothing to mess with
I want to look at the wider implications
here given all the political talk of
obstruction bringing Vermont governor
former DNC chair Howard Dean and
Jennifer Rubin a conservative writer for
The Washington Post a governor Dean what
politicians and other political figures
say is generally outside of the ambit of
the courtroom but we would be remiss not
to note that these new obstruction
charges from Muller come down in a
period of time where people like Rudy
Giuliani and Sean Hannity have been
openly talking about obstruction as
something that people should just do and
that the president can do and it's
quote/unquote not a crime well first of
all it is a crime whether the president
the question is whether the president
can be indicted and convicted I there's
a difference of opinion on that most
legal scholars thinks he can't think he
can be addicted and indicted secondly
this is this is what crooks do I once
had a conversation with a state police
officer in Vermont and I said boy this
we're talking about a case that he said
this I said this guy's really
Marton he said no crooks are smart
because they always think it's not gonna
happen to them this is it Trump's mo he
says the odds outrageous things because
he never thinks it's gonna have an
effect on him and eventually it always
does and that's what's happening to Paul
Manafort and it's gonna happen to Donald
Trump Jennifer on that point the tie
there's some reporting about how man
afford views all this from his circle
with Muller closing in metaphors allies
abandon him which most people could
understand and it says here man afford
fell quote betrayed by two journalists
who turned on Mr Man afford informing
Mulder's team an effort to reach them
the latest in a series of one-time
anaphor business partners who provided
damaging evidence to Bob Muller I mean
just did a basic level of amoral
realpolitik put aside your obligations
to cooperate with federal authorities or
the legal obligation he has on a bail
you know deal and just think in terms of
interests how does Paul Paul man afford
think that he's the person that everyone
should be siding with over molar or aka
the Department of Justice it's
completely unrealistic and I think the
governor is right crooks tend to think
that loyalty to them is absolute their
loyalty to others is another matter
all-together but I just want to pick up
on something that Betsy was saying that
I think is absolutely crucial here first
of all there's been much talk not only
that the president can't commit
obstruction of justice but that there is
nothing there that ties Trump to any of
this and what we know already is the
Trump Tower meeting is out there which
he's accused of having drafted a false
statement we're now finding out about
other meetings that his son and
son-in-law may have been involved in and
I think this is making a point that
these are real crimes these aren't just
trifles that are somehow different aside
from the real meat of the case these are
real felonies people go to jail for them
and I think to some extent Bob Muller is
underscoring that we now are up to 20
people who have been indicted five
people who have flipped and I think this
is a little bit of message sending that
he is very serious we're nowhere near
the end of this and to the extent that
other people are talking to witnesses
suggesting testimony and so on
this is a big fat signal to those people
were coming after you too
right and I think that's very important
in terms of what Bob Moe is putting out
there for folks who feel like gosh are
they getting away with all of it well
who's they because the campaign chair
just got hit with the new indictments
today as as did his aide manna forts
manna fort as they call him we're gonna
get into that a little more later in the
show as did his deputy Rick gates as did
George papadopolis as his Mike Flynn I
mean who's getting away with it there's
a lot of accountability it would seem
now governor Dean as you know Donald
Trump is Vladimir Putin's worst
nightmare I mean everybody knows that
and that's just a fact that the
president said today take a look I have
been Russia's worst nightmare
but with that being said Russia should
be in this meeting why are we having a
meeting without Russia being in the
meeting Russia should be in the meeting
it should be a part of it they through
Russia out they should let Russia come
back in because we should have Russia at
the negotiating table governor I would
say glad Amir Putin is getting a pretty
good return on his investment what this
means is Trump now wants the Europeans
to turn a blind eye to the fact that the
Russian seized part of the Ukraine are
occupying another part of the Ukraine
killed over 10,000 Ukrainians in their
attacks on on Ukraine and there a next
thing of Ukrainian property in Crimea
and that Trump wants to this all to be
forgotten
I'd say Putin's getting a pretty good
deal he made a good buy here yeah
and then you go to it look that's that's
if you believe that not only did Putin
intercede the way that the intelligence
services said but did they actually do
it in a way where they're owed something
back and I guess that's the heart of the
collusion inquiry one of the other
questions Betsy that you've been looking
at is okay can can Paul Manafort help
answer that question I don't think we
know I mean he's so central to so much
of it sometimes there's a Zelig like
Forrest Gump like quality and you kind
of feel like well he was around the
Trump Tower meeting he has all the
relationships in Russia he's always you
know only one degree of separation away
from people linked to the KGB etc
you know the intelligence services out
there and yet that's not proof
that's just circumstance and I want to
read you some of the reporting and get
your view of it Betsy on this aspect a
source familiar with the case says the
indictment is brutal for Manta for but
the reason is interesting quote Paul's
problem is he doesn't have anything to
trade cooperating is an option because
he really didn't collude with the
Russians at the Trump campaigns requests
Betsy as you know a lawyer would focus
in on the final couple words there at
the Trump campaigns request leaving open
that he may have done something solo
what are your sources saying what is
your reporting instinct say about
whether there is anything from anaphor
to cooperate on that's the million
dollar question I think anyone involved
in that Trump Tower meeting anybody who
knows what Paul Manafort knows would
likely have something to be able to
proffer to Muller and his team Moeller
has been working with everybody who'll
be willing to work with him he's working
with george papadapolis working with us
with other folks from the Trump campaign
orbit especially Rick Gates the fact is
I'll let you finish but you know all
Papadopoulos has is the is the lot a
instructions I mean that's all he knows
as a coffee boy coffee boy George
papadopolis exactly why would mother day
in to loop him in on the work that he's
doing and yet he has so I think it's
very likely that manna fort knows
something that Bob Miller wants to get
out of them I find it unthinkable that
manna fort wouldn't have access to some
sort of information that Muller would
find to be of interest Dan how about
that but Dan in there Jennifer but Dan
as a prosecutor how about that point
well I think it's completely it's
entirely reasonable to think that manna
for might be the top here you know as
you're working your way up you always
keep going but given how will we know
about Donald Trump and how he operates
and given the connections and contacts
that we know Manta Ford has and had
during the campaign given the flip in
the platform as it relates to Russia and
Ukraine at the Republican National
Convention which mana Ford was really in
charge of it very well could be that yes
there was some degree of collusion but
it either was somewhat isolated with
Manta fort or at a minimum it stopped at
mana fort that's completely consistent
with what we know so far
and or at least not inconsistent and so
it's it's conceivable that he is the
endgame here not inconsistent at Dan
with the big double negative
Jennifer closed us out it's actually is
inconsistent because of course there was
collusion in the Trump Tower meeting
when you offer dirt on your opponent and
your son says I'd love to have it that
is collusion so it doesn't stop with
metaphor the question is how much and
how secretive Trump was about you is
that is that collusion or is that
attempted collusion if you don't get the
stuff well first of all collusion as you
know because you're a lawyer re is not a
crime in and of itself if we're talking
about coordination cooperation an
attempt to solicit something of value
from a foreigner which is actually the
standard in the campaign laws yes it's
illegal
yeah and that and you're putting your
finger on something that's so important
here which is the Trump defense has gone
from we didn't do anything we don't know
about it too we just weren't good at it
so we couldn't pull it off to what Rudy
recently said if we did that it still
would be okay and as you mentioned that
the federal election campaign act as
well as some other laws beg to differ
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
