lavalla indicted two people for
obstruction today this is the fifth time
Miller's charge or secured guilty pleas
from people for crimes related to
obstruction in this Russia probe and
this move comes exactly a year to the
day that James Comey testified for the
first and really well it was the only
time he ever testified about another
type of potential obstruction
presidential obstruction call me telling
Congress he thought Trump tried to
direct him to drop the criminal
investigation of Mike Flynn I took it as
a direction right I mean this is a
president United States with me alone
saying I hope this I took it as this is
what he wants me to do no I didn't I
didn't obey that but that's the way I
took it that was pretty damning
testimony Comey alleging Trump tried to
commit obstruction but couldn't pull it
off because Comey would not obey now
when pressed on whether those
conversations were an effort to legally
obstruct justice Comey was measured
after all it's up to Muller and perhaps
a legal process to decide if a president
obstructs it's not up to a single
witness in a case which is what Comey
became after his firing I don't think
it's for me to say whether the
conversation I had with the president
was an effort to obstruct I took it as a
very disturbing thing very concerning
but that's a conclusion I'm sure the
special counsel will work towards to try
and understand what the intention was
there and whether that's an offense the
special counsel has been working towards
that conclusion for Manta for Flynn
Kimmel Nick who I mentioned was indicted
today vanderzwaan Papadopoulos Gates and
many of Miller's proposed questions for
Trump bear down on what he said and
meant when talking to Comey meantime
Trump's lawyers arguing now that one
there's no obstruction if the probe
continued to Trump didn't say the Russia
probe should end and three presidents
have the constitutional authority to
fire FBI directors Trump's lawyers also
argue that even if that infamous Lester
Holt interview looks bad because of
course Trump bizarrely admitted the one
thing you can't admit about firing an
FBI director that he did it with a probe
on his mind but in the same interview
Trump also said something that his
lawyers argue now provides a defense to
obstruction
that he knew the investigation would
continue what very simply a great FBI
director I want to get to the bottom of
everything having to do with this and
many other things so important and and
we expect that they would they would
continue on with this investigation
I expect that now that's an interesting
defense as far as it goes and no one
knows what Muller will find or do next
just like no one knew that today Muller
was indicted another person for
obstructing justice in this probe the
person currently residing in Russia who
worked with mana for here's what we do
know though in this entire year here
since Comey first told this history
under oath the evidence and even
advocacy of obstruction has been growing
from these guilty pleas and indictments
from people around the Trump campaign to
the new rhetoric if you want to call it
that of Trump allies and insiders saying
maybe people should destroy evidence in
this probe or defy Muller because he's
allegedly going to frame people anyway
so let's be clear we're not living
through normal times people in
government in public life in the United
States don't typically minimize felonies
like obstruction let alone admit to
specific elements of obstruction but
what Bob Miller knows after more than
four decades as a prosecutor as well as
a head of the FBI is that if you're
obstructing if you're covering up it's
not usually because you're innocent but
they're looking to do a little witness
tampering on the side the people who
obstruct investigations typically do so
because they have something to hide hey
I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you can
see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
