Donald Trump departed for the g7 summit
today with all of the enthusiasm of a
root canal patient apparently stalling
before getting on the plane to fly to
the conference of world leaders he's
reportedly dreading he did a long and
freewheeling Q&A with reporters and made
almost a dozen different headlines on a
wide range of topics from his
frustration with our allies to the
whereabouts of the first lady to Dennis
Rodman skill as a basketball player take
a listen European Union ceases very
unfairly Canada very unfairly Mexico
very unfairly with that being said I
think we'll probably very easily make a
deal
I didn't say that I said I've been
preparing all my life I'm not above the
law I never want anybody to be above the
law but the partners are very positive
thing for president I think you see the
way I'm using them and yes I do have an
absolute right to pardon myself
First Lady is great right they're a big
operation as a close to a four-hour
operation and she's doing great right
there no he wasn't but I like tennis a
great rebounder you know when you think
Denis was a great rebounder and he
wasn't relatively speaking that tall
speaking of which does the power to
party is a beautiful thing you got to
get it right you got to get the right
people I am looking at Muhammad Ali but
those are the famous people so my table
unanimously agreed with the President on
Dennis Rodman's basketball skills but
there's a lot to unpack there from one
comment from the president this morning
had a sobering effect the world over
he's out of the blue embrace of Russia I
would recommend and that's up to them
but Russia should be in the meeting it
should be a part of it you know whether
you like it or not and it may not be
politically correct but we have a world
to run and in the g7 which used to be
the g8 they through Russia out they
should let Russia come back in because
we should have Russia at the negotiating
table this of course comes after Trump
has spent days railing against our
closest allies and trading partners and
as Susan Glasser puts it in The New
Yorker Trump's America first policy is
really turning out to be America alone
joining us now Peter Baker chief White
House correspondent for The New York
Times
Susan Glasser now a writer for The New
Yorker and Rick Stengel former
Undersecretary of State for public
diplomacy so let me start with you and
your fantastic piece and let me read a
little more from it you write ever since
Trump took office America's allies have
desperately sought to avoid this moment
over the last year and a half though
many of them have come to realize with
growing dread that it was inevitable the
rift between the world's great
democracies that Trump's election
portended is coming to pass and it is
about far more than a
policy obscure trade provisions or
whether Germany spends 2% of its GDP on
NATO many senior European officials
speak of it as one ambassador to
Washington did to me recently as nothing
less than a crisis of the West you know
Nicole I wrote that before Donald Trump
this morning said that Russia should
rejoin the g7 and make it the g8 again
you know I'm struck by the fact that
this really is our kind of this is not a
drill moment for a year and a half we've
been talking about what would be the
consequences of the unraveling of the
world order and I felt listening to
President Trump this morning that what
we were hearing was an American
president who fundamentally has a very
very different view of the world than
his predecessors both Democratic and
Republican this is a president this
morning who basically said I don't
really care about democracies or human
right or even kind of rules of the road
and a law-based approach to the world
what I want is great powers regardless
of what kind of actors they are in the
world stage to sit down and carve up the
world among themselves is a very like
19th century view of things although I'm
not sure that Donald Trump would would
phrase it that way
and Peter Baker it hasn't been without
consequence he's now been acting this
way for long enough for our allies to
have adjusted I want to read you French
president manuel microns tweet this
morning america may not mind being
isolated but neither do we mind leaving
america out the american president may
not mind being isolated we don't mind
signing a six country agreement if need
be because these six countries represent
values they represent an economic market
which has the weight of history behind
it and which is now a true international
force let me just speak to the elephant
in the room obviously I worked in the
Bush White House you covered it when the
Iraq war caused a rift over counter
terror policy over a lot of foreign
policy Americans don't like when their
president carries out a foreign policy
that isolates them from the rest of the
world especially when that isolation is
from our best and longest and most loyal
friends on the world stage well that's
right and but that rift and then there's
2000s that you talk about I mean it was
very serious obviously but it was over
essentially one major issue which is to
say the Iraq war that was the essence of
that rift it didn't mean the george w
bush the president was going around
trash-talking his allies he didn't do
that contrary i mean you and i both
traveled around the world with him but I
was in the meetings you know where
privately they agreed on 90% of what
they had to deal with trade and other
other issues but my point was when they
had a disagreement it made Americans
feel isolated and that is very
uncomfortable for a lot of Americans
well I think the point is that this
dispute between President Trump and our
allies is different and the difference
is it is over a whole world view it is
over our understanding of the liberal
international order the rule-based order
is understanding of how the system of
globalization is working we are now in a
very different page from them on a broad
philosophy of how the world should run
not just over a particular issue like
the Iraq war big as that was and I think
that's what you're seeing going on right
now in Canada let me read you a little
more from Susan's piece because it's
fantastic she goes on to say it's true
peace
it's true I read it on your Twitter feed
Peter Baker I found it I found it for
you this Trump's dramatic moves have
played out the spring and hardened into
a presidential narrative of American
victimization at the hands of a fruit of
freeriding allies senior government
officials in London Berlin and other
European capitals and in Washington have
told me they now worry that Trump may be
a greater immediate threat to the
alliance and even authoritarian great
power rivals such as Russia and China
equally striking is the extent to which
America's long term allies have no real
strategy for coping with the challenges
posed by such an American president Rick
Stengel where do we go from here so what
you're describing and what Susan
described in that great phrase is a
crisis of the West right and the latter
Mir Putin has been opposed to the west
and Western values since he came into
office here's how he sees the world
everything the Allies did after World
War two at Bretton Woods and the
creation of all these institutions the
World Bank the IMF etc all of it was
organized against Russia everything the
alliance did after the fall of the
Berlin Wall where they brought the
Baltics into NATO where they expanded
NATO where they set up missile systems
was they
against Russia his dream is to have an
American president who will unravel the
Western world order which he sees as a
conspiracy against Russia so the return
on his investment for supporting Donald
Trump is very high
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
