joining me now NBC investigations
reporter tom winter former assistant US
attorney and MSNBC legal analyst Mimi
Roca and our panel John putt hoards
editor commentary magazine New York Post
columnist and an MSNBC contributor
Caitlin Huey Burns RealClearPolitics
national political reporter and Gabe
DeBenedetti New York magazine national
correspondent Tom let's start with you
this is the third superseding indictment
on Paul Manafort what is Robert Muller
have on him now
Kati today's charges directly reflect
something we learned earlier this week
and that is an attempt by man afford
according to prosecutors to tamper with
witnesses to kind of guide their
testimony for them to say in the root of
this goes to man affords political
lobbying efforts here in the United
States on behalf of the Yanukovych
regime in in Ukraine and basically he
was trying to guide them to say hey you
didn't do any work in the United States
remember it was all work that was done
in Europe so basically an attempt by man
afford to kind of guide them Konstantin
column neck is somebody who's been
referenced in court documents although
not specifically named before by
Muller's team as we've previously
reported he's somebody that the US
government believes has ties to Russian
military intelligence so columbic is
mentioned today he's one of the people
that are he's one of the persons that
was charged along with Paul Manafort
it's two charges having to do with
conspiracy to obstruct justice as well
as obstructing justice and so those
charges are tied to those efforts to try
to tamper with witnesses they say the
two of them work together to try and do
that this is now the third superseding
indictment in this case meaning that we
have this the third time that Muller's
team has come in with new charges based
on evidence they've come up with Manta
Ford's team has not yet responded to
this he's of course pled not guilty to
the charges in the past and so we're
waiting to hear what he says he has to
respond by today a judge told him to
respond today to these to these
tampering
allegations that were raised earlier
this week so Katie we're gonna wait to
see what what he has to say about all
that and right now he's on bail under
house arrest Paul Manafort or robert
muller excuse me is trying to get the
judge to revoke that
Bell when will a decision be made on
that so Katie we expect Manta Ford's
team to respond to that like I said
today and then next week they're gonna
have a hearing to talk all of this over
it's a little unclear to me whether or
not with today's superseding indictment
whether or not they're gonna wait to
hold a hearing on that and so will the
judge at that point make a decision or
will she make a decision next Friday and
whether to revoke or modify its bail
it's difficult to see where they would
modify his bail further because he's
already as you mentioned he's on a he's
on home confinement he's got GPS
monitoring so he's he's very restricted
right now what he can do it would appear
that this is starting to lean towards
Paul Manafort being held in jail until
his DC trial commences sometime this
fall and if I remember correctly he is
wearing 2 monitoring bracelets on both
legs right tom I think they've think
they've been able to get it down to just
one about Katie but yes at one point you
are correct okay yeah both Mimi roca
extrapolate for us the these new court
filings where do you think the
investigation is going well I want to
make one point that Tom raised which is
now that these new superseding charges
have been filed
you know manna fort will get arraigned
or brought before the court and have
these charges sort of read to him and
explain to him that could possibly
happen now before Friday the hearing
that is scheduled for Friday is about
his bail but if he it may be that now
the court schedules some kind of
arraignment sooner on these charges and
that the bail issue might get dealt with
sooner we just don't know yet and I
think that the fact that Muller has now
brought the obstruction charges in the
indictment as opposed to just alleging
them in a letter as he had done
previously now makes detention much more
likely it's hard for manna forts lawyers
to argue well you know they haven't
charged this these are just allegations
know these are charged now
this is something that's been proven
already by probable cause and you know
that Muller believes he could he could
certainly prove in court or he wouldn't
have brought the charges as from where
this goes you know I think this is
significant for a couple of reasons
because it shows man affords really deep
ties with Constantine Clinic who as
everyone I think knows by now you know
certainly has ties to Russian Intel
you know that you've heard the saying
you can't be a former Russian
intelligence officer and so you know and
it's not just with respect to these
obstruction charges
it shows clinic's involvement going back
you know many years with Manta Ford and
during the time of the campaign so manna
Ford was interacting and doing this
scheme this lobbying scheme this attempt
to hide his actions on behalf of Ukraine
from the US government during the time
that he was a campaign manager with this
former Russian intelligence officers put
some anaphor really deep in it this is
you know whatever Steve were do you want
to use collusion conspiracy you know
this is it manna forts in it and now the
real question is what's he gonna do is
you're gonna cooperate and if he does
what's he gonna say about Trump's
knowledge or involvement or other people
in the campaign about these activities I
want to talk to you about witness
tampering specifically because that's
what these new charges are around the
indictment says the defendants knowingly
and intentionally attempted to corruptly
persuade another person with intent to
influence delay and prevent the
testimony of any person in an official
proceeding could you make the argument
that the president has attempted to
persuade witnesses himself he's been
going after Jeff Sessions most recently
tweeting about a meet just three days
ago and sessions is somebody who has
been interviewed by the special counsel
well look I mean that's certainly the
one of the things that that Moeller is
looking at our Trump's repeated sort of
you know attacks on sessions on Comey
on and then the dangling pardons two
other witnesses you know are those
attempts to get them to either you know
shut down the investigation change their
testimony and you know I think to a
layperson you've sort of you're just
looking at it and in in the sense of you
know yeah it looks like it but in the
sense of can you charge that to meet the
elements of the crime I'm not sure and I
think that's really going to take Muller
piecing together
a lot of different acts I keep coming
back to the Trump Tower cover up the
meeting in the Trump Tower I think
that's very significant evidence of
intent to obstruct I don't think
standing alone it would be enough but I
think it adds a lot to the things like
you're talking about guys it's been a
crazy week in the Muller probe the
revelations that we've had coming out of
it it began with the leak of Trump's
letter that let that legal letter to men
of Robert Fuller's team saying that yes
he did dictate the letter about Trump
Junior's statement Paul Ryan joining
trey Gowdy to say no there was no spy in
the president's campaign Giuliani
alleging that mana Ford is trying or
that Robert Muller is trying to frame
the president and now Manafort being
indicted I mean that's a lot to happen
in just one week but the mana Ford story
is bizarre here's why there are a bunch
of charges against Manta for the least
of them is that he was an unregistered
foreign lobbyist something on which only
six people have been tried in close to
50 years there's a money-laundering
charge which is much more serious than
other charges this superseding
indictment involves him trying to
witness tamper on the question of
whether he was an unregistered foreign
lobbyist he's trying to tell these two
people who are unnamed he send them
hints that they should say that they did
no work in the United States when they
did that is bizarre he could almost
certainly get out of being sent to jail
for being an unregistered foreign
lobbyist no one ever really has so would
he I don't know but I mean it's stupid
what the first thing it looks like is
that it's like really stupid that's not
something that he needed to you know
like threaten his freedom by witness
tampering which everybody knows is an
really serious felony well but the
obvious question that's raised by this
then is well what is he trying to cover
up and if we're gonna take this to the
logical conclusion it's that what he's
trying to stop them from talking about
this foreign lobbying arrangement that
he had was much more serious than we
know about and much much more extensive
than we know about that remain that we
know raises you
more questions about the broader scope
of Muller's probe and you know we've
learned one lesson this week but really
every single week it's that this thing
is much wider than any of us know we
never hear from Robert Muller's team the
only time we hear from them are through
the court filings you have the president
trying to go out and tear down their
credibility is saying Spygate etc
Giuliani who's basically acting as the
president's spokesperson now saying
they're trying to frame him we talk
about the messages that the president
could be saying to Moeller with pardons
is this a message from Muller to the
president don't obstruct justice well
I'm gonna get serious about even the
midea stuff gritty thing exactly I mean
it's interesting on a couple different
levels this event today combined with
everything that happened this week one
of course we don't know where this probe
is going every other week it seems like
there's something that comes down and we
see the president react to that in
real-time this event today combined with
what we saw from Trump's lawyers and the
controversy over the statement that the
president made at the time that the
White House made at the time of the the
Donald Trump jr. letter and Trump Tower
with the the what his lawyers said that
he actually did dictate that creates
this additional problem for the
president insofar as he as he continues
to weigh in on this he continues to put
himself further and further into
jeopardy as it pertains to this case all
the while while they're trying to
denigrate it the case entirely they're
kind of building themselves back into it
in lots of different ways
Mimi button this up for us what are you
looking out for next well I think that
you know all these cries of there was no
collusion there was no you know we did
nothing wrong with the Russians I think
this is that is not true but there's
been no finding that there hasn't been
collusion or conspiracy and in fact the
more hints that we get from Muller as
you say he speaks not often but when he
does you know
we see the Russians coordinating with
various members of the Trump campaign
and this is yet another sign of that
Manta Ford's closest with clinic and and
and not just in the obstruction which is
serious and and he is charged in that
but clinic shows up throughout this
indictment in in trying to defraud the
US and so I think
we are gonna see more of that tom winter
thank you very much Mimi John Caitlin
and Gabe's stay with us
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more beat
the press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us NBC News
MSNBC MTP and the Meet the Press mindset
right here for you on YouTube subscribe
now
