no nation can succeed that tolerates
violence or the threat of violence as a
method of political intimidation knock
the crap out of would you seriously just
knock the hell I promise you I will pay
for the legal fees those engaged in the
political arena must stop treating
political opponents as being morally
defective they've become frankly too
dangerous to govern they've gone wacko
no one should carelessly compare
political opponents to historical
villains I've been out hearing the love
talking about all these things fascism
Nazism on the right and when you look at
the actual history of how these things
evolved and when you actually look at
that platform versus the platform of the
modern left you say wait a minute those
two are really heavily aligned there is
one way to settle our disagreements it's
called peacefully at the ballot box get
out and vote now if you're going to vote
Democrat don't bother a little back and
forth they're punctuated by the
president urging Americans not to vote
we highlight these things a lot Donald
Trump's ridiculous lies his performance
art his utter lack of knowledge his
incitement of people's worst instincts
but today is different this morning
America is different why because as
Axius points out pipe bombs sent two
prominent Democrats were the worst
terror by mail campaign of the post 9/11
era and a wired manifestation of the
nation's toxic politics why because as
foreign policy analyst David Rothkopf
says so clearly the most extensive plot
to kill senior US government officials
and prominent Americans in history took
place it targeted two former presidents
their families cabinet officials members
of Congress and the Free Press the
objective apparently to snuff out the
leading spokespeople for the views of
the Democratic Party
it was an attack on reporters and on
democracy itself people will say you
can't blame the president for something
a twisted person would doom that is true
the president didn't pack those mail
bombs he didn't grind up the shards of
glass intended to maim and kill but he
did something else he undermined
American values and dehumanized those
who dare to question his conduct he'd
end up a type of feverish hysteria based
on race and religion and political party
and it has the potential to lead to what
we saw happen yesterday and we don't
even know if it's over so before we dive
into discussion and analysis we want to
set up exactly what went down yesterday
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
