her body for sexual exploitation so you
want to bring me cross-examine you
sounds gross keep in mind it was Donald
Trump who sought out stormy Daniels for
sex
tough talk there from Rudy our colleague
mika brzezinski weighed in on the power
that stormy Daniels holds at this hour
over the entire Trump presidency are you
kidding me at this in this moment where
we are in history with women you're
gonna tell us to just look at her are
you out of your mind
you know what that's your only excuse
and I feel really sorry for you that is
the most he was incredibly degrading let
me tell you something
stormy Daniels could indeed bring down
this president so I hope you all just
look at her just look at stormy Daniels
and just look at everything she has to
say and just look at all the evidence
she just might have good job Rudy
Giuliani you have just emboldened stormy
Daniels and potentially any other woman
who may have evidence against this
president because right now after you
said that Rudy Giuliani I bet they might
want to step forward I bet they might
want to think you know what just look at
me just look at me you go Mika joining
Donnie and Nick and me at the table
Laura Bessette of senior politics
reporter for Huff Post and Emily Jane
Fox the senior reporter with Vanity Fair
let's first get reaction though from
stormy Daniels attorney Michael avenatti
I go Nicole mica is a hundred percent
right if you thought that we were
focused
yesterday or the week before or the
month prior
we have refocused our efforts as a
result of mr. Giuliani's piggish
comments they're a disgrace he should be
embarrassed he should immediately resign
and if he's not going to resign he
should be fired by the president I mean
is this the message that we want to send
in the world is this the message that we
want to send to our mothers our
daughters our sisters that that this is
the way that we look at women this is
the way that we disrespect women this is
an absolute disgusting disgrace and I
have to tell you I'm angry my clients
angry and every woman in America whether
you're on the right the left or in the
center should be angry I wanted to ask
you about stormy Daniels reaction this
because I thought she was very precise
in her language when she was interviewed
to make clear that she did not feel like
she was a part of the me2 movement she
did not view herself as a victim she was
a sexual partner alleged sexual partner
of Donald Trump's he sought her out they
watched Shark Week the details have been
shared but I wonder how she reacted to
be to hearing today from Rudy Giuliani
specifically that he had more respect
for criminals than a porn star my client
has been a hundred percent consistent at
all times that women should not be
degraded based on their profession or
based on the fact that they may choose
to be a model or a nude model or even
engage in pornography she has been
adamant about that that regardless of
your profession women deserve to be
respected and judged based on their own
characteristics relating to credibility
which has nothing to do with what they
do for a living
this guy is an absolute pig I said it
last night I said it this morning
I'm gonna keep saying it until a change
is made if this man was an attorney for
any fortune 500 come
in the world he would already be fired
as of this afternoon and here's what
we've heard from the White House nothing
we've heard absolutely nothing no
leadership Michael do you have can you
tell us if there are more women that
have contacted you as a result of
flashpoints like this the cases you've
not been at it very long but you've been
very public have other women come to you
have you been able to vet them are there
more women that are that are seeing not
just stormy Daniels and and you make the
case but are seeing the way the
president and the people around him
Michael Cohen Rudy Giuliani talk about
them is it is Mika predicting something
that's already happening or do you think
that she's predicting something that may
be a result of what Rudy Giuliani said
today well we certainly have had
additional women contact us as a result
of the media exposure that her case has
received over the last few months you
know comments from Rudy Giuliani have
one of two effects they either bring
forward additional women they cause
additional women to have courage and
come forward or they have a caution
effect on women and they intimidate some
women because they don't want to be
attacked by people like Rudy Giuliani I
mean the image of this man sitting there
in Israel and making these statements
and talking about his respect for
criminals as compared to a woman that
has engaged in pornography is outrageous
Nicole let me just share some new
reporting the New York Times Maggie
Haberman just spoke with the first lady
spokesperson Stephanie Grisham and is
tweeting that she asked her about
Giuliani saying that she believes her
husband regarding stormy Daniels
Grissom's responds I don't believe mrs.
Trump has ever discussed her thoughts on
anything with mr. Giuliani do you have
any insights into sort of the the
lengths they've gone to Giuliani has all
but said that the hush money was paid to
your client to protect the family from
embarrassment do you have any insights
on the first lady's response or what she
knows or may not know well here's what
I'll tell you Nicole I actually think
the first lady's a very intelligent
woman there's no question in my mind
that the president nor mr. Giuliani nor
mr. Cohen have been honest with her
about what happened there's no question
in my mind I mean all you have to do is
look at their public statements claiming
that the affair never happened which by
the way no one really believes only a
very small segment of the population
believes this did not happen they
witnessed my clients credibility my
understanding is that the first lady had
occasion to see the 60 Minutes interview
I've heard that from multiple sources
and I'd be shocked if she viewed that 60
minutes interview and knowing what she
knows about her own husband came away
from it thinking that my client wasn't
telling the truth Mike avenatti if you
could stick around for the rest of this
conversation I want to bring in some of
our friends Laura batsub do you have a
sense that Rudy Giuliani went out there
today to try to throw more fog into the
political conversation do you think he
just stepped in it in another situation
where store materials came up I think
he's he's doing like Donald Trump does
which is trying to distract from the
investigation and trying to distract
from what stormy Daniels is accusing him
of and I and it's a political strategy I
think the problem is Rudy Giuliani is
the last person anyone wants to hear
from about feminism about women the last
person who should be moralizing about
sex really about anything Giuliani has
been married three times he cheated on
his wife he married his cousin he's now
working for a president who has been
accused credibly by more than 15 women
of sexual assault who has had two wives
who have posed nude for money who owned
teen Miss Teen USA pageant where girls
were parading on stage and their bathing
suits and getting judged I mean I could
go on and on he's body shamed women he's
called women pigs and dogs and shot up
right so so Judi Giuliani needs to shut
his mouth well I guess what struck me I
I I will never play a moral policewoman
here but these aren't Donald Trump's
morals because Donald Trump sought out
stormy Daniels for sex so so my reaction
wasn't you know wow he's it's just he
represents a man who didn't share his
judgment that stormy Daniels was worse
than a criminal he sought her out as a
sexual partner he alleged
sought her out as a sexual partner and I
think and they allegedly sought out
Playboy Playmate Karen McDougal I mean
so Rudy Guiliani and and and you know
note no opinion on his personal conduct
but he is the president's lawyer and the
president didn't have these views about
women who were porn stars or playboy
pleasure but the president has
incredibly sexist misogynistic views
about how he treats women in general
we've heard the way that he talks about
women calling them dogs and pigs talking
about grabbing them by their genitals so
he may not have shared these views about
these specific women but the way that
the president talks about women and
behaves towards women it's not so out of
line with what Rudy Giuliani said and
what he said about sir McDaniels was
disgusting gave me a pit in my stomach
from the second I woke up this morning
but my first reaction was this is so
disrespectful to the first lady well let
me ask you I mean you know more about
the Trump women that family than anyone
what do they do on a day like today are
they just the most stoic human beings
are they numb are they dead inside are
they paid off I mean what's their deal
yes yes and yes but I I think they do
not see President Trump the way that all
of us see President Trump they have such
a distorted image of who he is that they
don't they don't have the kind of
reaction that we do it's it's almost
some sort of trick but they're mothers
now I mean what kind of I mean then they
seem very raising nice kids I mean what
did how did they wall it off you weren't
looking at this as a rational person but
I have written this a million times
Ivanka Trump is the most masterful
compartmentalize er that America has
maybe ever seen it so her ability to
separate something like this out from
then going and sitting in the West Wing
and doing her job or going and visiting
her father in the Oval Office she's able
to separate those things in a way that
you and I probably can't understand
Michael avenatti Rudy Giuliani has a
pattern of making your job easier
whether he's talking about funneling
money from Donald Trump to Michael Cohen
to women for hush money whether he's
calling stormy Daniels names in a public
setting in Israel what happens next for
your client what we see or hear from her
again in response to Rudy Giuliani in
the next couple of news cycles well
we're making that determination Nicole
but let me emphasize that as much as I
would like to see Rudy Giuliani stick
around and as much as I would like to
see him continue to make public
statements he's got to go he needs to be
fired this afternoon this guy is a
disgrace he's a disaster as an attorney
he's a disaster as a spokesperson this
is not the kind of man that the
President of the United States should
have out there in America in the world
speaking on his behalf
period hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
