day 504 of the Trump administration and
President Trump assured everyone today
he doesn't need to prepare very much for
the upcoming nuclear summit with North
Korea just hours after launching a fresh
round of attacks on the Russia
investigation we are also following a
new report from the New York Times
tonight the details how Associates of
former Trump campaign Chairman Paul
Manafort are abandoning him as special
counsel Robert Muller closes in we'll
have more on that in just a moment first
the president's all-out barrage against
special counsel Robert Muller's team the
Obama administration and of course
former FBI director James Comey the
president wrote on Twitter in part quote
isn't it ironic getting ready to go to
the g7 in Canada to fight for our
country on trade capital T then off to
Singapore to meet with North Korea and
the nuclear problem but back home we
still have the 13 angry Democrats
pushing the witch-hunt there has never
been a group of people on a case so
biased or conflicted it's all a Democrat
excuse for losing the election the
president also wrote when will people
start saying thank you mr. president for
firing James Comey on Wednesday Trump
lawyer Rudy Giuliani called Comey a
villain and said Muller's team was
trying hard to frame the President of
the United States
Jonathan Lemire of The Associated Press
spoke to Giuliani today and reports the
former mayor quote has used a media
blitz to frequently set and later move
the goal posts of the investigation
making public declarations about the
probe to color its perception among
voters and lawmakers all while confident
that Muller will never speak up to
correct him our strategy is when we
weren't talking we were losing Giuliani
told The Associated Press normally in a
criminal or civil investigation the
audience would not be the public but in
this one it is meanwhile Giuliani is
also facing increasing fallout over
remarks he made Wednesday in Tel Aviv
about stormy Daniels he told an
investment conference in Israel that
first lady Melania Trump believes her
husband's denials of an affair with
Daniels an attack
the adult film actress I'm sorry I don't
respect a porn star the way I respect a
career women who are women of substance
for sexual exploitation so stormy you
want to bring a case examine you
audience reaction there in that room
earlier today a spokesperson for the
first lady told NBC News quote I don't
believe mrs. Trump has ever discussed
her thoughts on anything with mr.
Giuliani proof that sometimes the shade
from the East Wing can cast a shadow
clear over on the West Wing and stormy
Daniels attorney Michael avenatti spoke
to our colleague Nicole Wallace this
afternoon offering his own review of mr.
Giuliani's remarks this is an absolute
disgusting disgrace and I have to tell
you I'm angry my clients angry and every
woman in America whether you're on the
right the left or in the center should
be angry
the former New York City Mayor is
standing by his comments on Daniels
telling NBC News Today quote
why would I withdraw them you're gonna
tell me being involved in pornography
isn't demeaning to women I don't know do
you have a daughter pressed on whether
his comments were an effort to undermine
Daniels credibility Giuliani responded I
don't have to undermine her credibility
she's done it by law
good point to bring in our terrific
leadoff panel on a Thursday night
Jonathan Lemire White House reporter for
The Associated Press it's his work we
were reading from earlier Nancy cook
White House reporter for Politico and
Peter Baker chief White House
correspondent for the New York Times
welcome to you all
Jonathan I'm compelled to ask what else
did Rudy tell you today and where do you
think we are in this stage of the fight
Rudy Giuliani has hit on something that
for the most part has been effective
it's a theory we've been kicking around
and I presented it to him today when I
spoke to him and he's still in Israel
the idea that he feels like he can say
things about the investigation he can
lay down markers he can move the goal
posts about significant developments
suggesting for instance the special
counsel will wrap this up by September
first suggesting the special counsel is
open to limiting the scope of the
possible interview with the president
and he knows he can say these things
because a special counsel as we all know
is working in secret Robert that's
exactly right
Robert Muller is not saying anything at
all he's not out there correcting
complete falsehoods nonetheless trying
to add his opinion to anything Rudy
Giuliani is saying and Giuliani believes
that this is more than it as much as it
is a case of law it's gonna be a case of
public opinion believing that Muller
will eventually come up with a probe to
go to the apartment of Justice that will
likely release it to Congress and then
pressure is on Congress on those
lawmakers to make a decision whether to
impeach or not and this is Giuliani's
way of trying to influence them and
influence the voters should put them in
the office now there have been missteps
the one with storm damage Daniels you
just played he's one of them I might add
the shade that Melania Trump spokeswoman
gave Giuliani today came just a very
short time after Secretary of State
Pompeo from the White House briefing
room basically told Giuliani hey stay
out of foreign affairs we don't need you
he doesn't speak for mine we don't need
you talking about the North Korea
situation either but this is a tactic
that Giuliani believes is effective he
wants to be aggressive he told the
president has told him to keep doing
this and he is trying to sort of set the
perception of what's going on in the
Muller probe so Peter Baker let's
continue right there there winning the
noise war it's Giuliani won Muller
nothing
complete silence which is their custom
and want but as Jonathan mentioned
there's this danger of having to be
walked back by the first lady by the
Secretary of State and their ilk on
occasion no it's really fascinating is
that it's not just that Rudy Giuliani is
talking about Muller Pro we're talking
about whether the president should be
giving testimony or not whether or not
there is collusion or not whether
there's a structure not he's - he's
wandering far afield and talking about
really the president's marriage and
talking about the president's foreign
policy this upcoming summit with North
Korea these are things that he's not in
fact you know paid to talk about
necessarily except the question is is he
right is this freelancing or is the
president happy that he's out there
saying some of these things that even go
beyond the investigation why did the
president you know except you know his
lawyer out there saying what he said
about North Korea what he said about
North Korea could have upset the
applecart
right he said that Kim jong-un came back
on his knees begging to have the summit
rescheduled after the president canceled
well that has a very big potential of
upsetting the very prickly North Koreans
and yet Reid Giuliani said that and
there's no pushback from the president
there is from Mike Pompeo as Jonathan
said so you know the question becomes is
Rudy Giuliani doing the bidding of the
president is he saying exactly what the
president wants them to say how
coordinated is this or how much is this
sort of him you know flying off the
script and in causing some issues with
fellow advisors the president who find
themselves surprised and trying to clean
up what afterwards so Nancy as a well
sourced White House reporter what's your
read on what this does having Rudy
Giuliani around and especially his
verbal Rudy Giuliani around what does
this do - and for the president's
mindset well I think it does a few
things one it creates a lot of noise as
you a word you used earlier which I
thought was very apt and it really
throws a lot of facts out there you know
some of what Rudy Giuliani says may be
on point some of it as Peter said is
very far afield but the fact of the
matter is that there's so much
information that he's putting out there
that it sort of distracts often from
sort of the core issues of the special
investigation because you're trying to
fact-check Giuliani
you're just following the latest thing
that he says so it's the noise and then
secondly I think that it does keep some
of the heat off of Trump himself I was
told by a Republican close to the White
House recently that the president yes
thinks that Rudy that Rudy makes some
missteps sometimes but also is sort of
getting a kick out of it because Rudy's
taking some of the heat off of him and I
think you know the president doesn't
like it when people hog too much of the
spotlight that's definitely a problem
for people in the White House but if
it's gonna take the heat off him in the
special investigation I think he would
welcome some of that spotlight to be
shared
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
