I have this with mr. Pruitt's personal
judgment he's I said yesterday I don't
mean any disrespect but it's acting like
a moron
well another day means another day of
multiple headlines surrounding Scott
Pruett The Washington Post reports that
the EPA chief asked his security detail
to run random errands for him including
directing agents to quote drive him to
multiple locations in search of a
particular lotion on offer at
ritz-carlton hotels now a quick search
of their website shows a number of
moisturizing products to choose from but
the product that bears the Ritz Carlton
brand name carries this description this
exclusive moisturizer is lightly scented
with sweet notes of Y Alang Alang which
we believe to be Van Morrison lyrics
jasmine and uplifting bergamot replenish
your skin and revive your senses
throughout the day with this luxuriously
smoothing lotion and a question for all
of us really don't cabinet members
deserve the same suppleness and
elasticity the rest of us enjoy but wait
there's more including this piece by The
Daily Beast quote Scott Pruett made
public servants fetch his protein bars
and Greek yogurt they report that he's
quote regularly sent his subordinates
out during the work day to pick up his
favorite snacks and treats Pruett has
been known to send staffers on these
errands at least twice a week with some
sources describing his demands as
constant and others merely noting that
he does this frequently and finally
political reports that Pruett used a
dining privilege to excess at the Navy
run commissary known as the White House
mess where White House staff members eat
quote a member of the White House's
cabinet affairs team told agency chiefs
of staff in a meeting last year that
cabinet members shouldn't treat the
White House mess hall as their personal
dining hall according to three people
with knowledge of the issue the message
was clear according to one person close
to Pruett we loved having mr. Pruett but
it's not meant
for everyday use now according to
Politico Pruitt racked up a large bill
and even invited friends prominent
Oklahoma Republicans and representatives
from the Oklahoma Farm Bureau to join
him there at the White House mess hall
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me
or click over on this list to see lots
of other great videos
