foreign policy can be complicated but
today President Trump says his North
Korea plan and the meeting there is all
about attitude I think I'm very well
prepared
I don't forget to prepare very much it's
about the attitude it's about a
willingness to get things done which is
in contrast to people who don't want to
get things done this is of course a
classic Trump thing saying he doesn't
need to have the details for him it's
all about kind of the emotion of the
event and the attitude
my next guest co-author the art of the
deal Tony Schwartz says the impact of
Trump's most common emotional appeal
focuses on anger designed to trigger all
kinds of emotions fury even hatred
within people who become his supporters
get him outta here
get out I'm angry at our leaders for
being so damn stupid
but if you see somebody getting ready to
throw a tomato knock the crap out of
them would you like to punch him in the
face I'll tell you shorts argues the
effect of these kind of appeals to anger
is to actually overpower reason emotion
takes control he compares it to a person
trying to ride an elephant but you lose
control to the more powerful animal
now politicians of all stripes have long
appealed to emotion the kind of peace
that makes life on earth worth living
they the kind that enables men and
Nations to grow and to hope I end
tonight
where it all began for me I still
believe in a place called hope never
been more hopeful about our future
and I asked you to sustain that hope
those emotional peels were from winners
there are others like Michael Dukakis
and John Kerry who were perceived at
least is focusing more on competency or
their technocratic expertise and they
lost the presidential race but Trump
isn't just rattling people with raw
emotion he's tapping into these deeper
feelings and fears which aren't about
choosing between different outcomes but
sometimes eliciting reactions that are
even uncontrollable in the people around
the country I'm joined by Tony Schwartz
he's also CEO the energy project and
best-selling author of the way we're
working isn't working
explain what you mean by emotion towards
anger well we have two cells we have as
you pointed out in your intro we have
the rider which is the rational self
that's who we think we are and then we
have the elephant and by the way this
metaphor comes from a guy named Jonathan
Haidt at NYU we have the elephant which
is why don't we have them here good
question good question I think you
should invite him on he's brilliant then
we have the elephant which actually is
dominating our behavior an awful lot of
the time and that elephant is the
irrational the reactive the fear driven
part of ourselves that is at great odds
with who we think we are and in a world
in which a guy like Trump is playing on
fear all the time what he's doing is
he's stirring up the elephant and in his
own behavior
he's normalizing the reactivity that we
see in the world so you know I was
thinking today about that that famous
book Hannah Arendt's book banality of
evil about the Eichmann trial and her
point is that the main fear you have is
to normalize this kind of behavior and
what happens
our brains we use our brains what we
misuse our brains we we misuse our
brains to rationalize the worst
behaviors that we are guilty of or that
we reactively we reactively do it seems
that you're pinpointing two things one
the power and primacy of anger even in a
modern society that thinks it may have
basically handled some of this but to a
kind of personal or intellectual vanity
that if we individually or collectively
think we're better than this then we're
not going to be as ready to spot it when
it happens
that's absolutely right we think that we
are we more evolved than we actually are
and the ability to step back and watch
yourself particularly watch the
activation of your own body when you're
feeling a sense of danger or threatened
and that anger or that frustration or
that fear starts to arise to be able to
watch that you know what Trump's
providing is an object lesson for
everyone in what not to do it's to what
we need to be able to do is actually
make that leap to get away from that
intellectual vanity from that hubris we
need to move from hubris to humility so
let's take that to the other big macro
debate which is what's true and what do
you believe or does everyone have their
own truth or emotional truth Michael
Wolfe made a very concise defense of his
book that is also highly disturbing if
you believe in facts
take a look my evidence is the book read
the book if it makes sense to you if it
strikes the coif it rings true it is
true if it rings true to you it is true
I mean that's that is a disturbing
comment to make we do act on that on
that assumption in other words if
somebody if something feels right we
assume it is right and if we don't
misuse reason to rationalize after the
fact if we use reason to cut through
the emotion then it becomes our ally so
we need to be able to stand back to take
a deep breath to feel our feet and ask
ourselves these reflective questions as
opposed to simply descending to the to
the reaction that Trump wants us to and
that he has normalized and that he has
made every day in our lives right and
when you say it that way it's very
important because that's not just about
judging other people with whom you might
disagree it's seeing that in the wolf
case a confirmation bias something we
talked about before to prove what you
might dislike about him is the other
side of the same coin because you're
seeking that emotional validation Tony
Tony Schwartz as always as always thank
you for being here hey I'm already
Melbourne from MSNBC you can see more of
our videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
