America chummy with the CNBC market wrap
the Dow closing higher but the broader
market was pushed lower by declines in
the technology sector Dow gains 95
points the S&P did two points in the
Nasdaq fell 54 as many as 14 million
Facebook users may have had their
default sharing setting for new posts
set to public by a software bug during a
10 day period in May facebook says it
has fixed the issue and will begin
notifying affected users affected users
starting today that's it from CNBC first
in business worldwide now back to MTP
dairy
welcome back there may be nothing that
divides the Republican Party more than
the issue of immigration and there may
be nothing that House Republican
leadership can do to stop right now to
stop an all-out Civil War in the party
over immigration pitting Republican
against Republican in an election year
moderate Republicans many of whom are
facing tough reelection fights in swing
districts want to show they're doing
something for dreamers those young
immigrants brought here illegally as
children not only three more members
need to sign on to their effort to force
a vote on immigration yet they and more
conservative Republicans remain at odds
over fundamentals like allowing a
pathway to citizenship for those
protected by daca the entire House
Republican Conference met behind closed
doors for two hours today to try to hash
out a compromise but right now there
doesn't appear to be a deal in sight I'm
joined now by one of those Republicans
that is leading this effort to force a
vote on the floor it's California
Congressman Jeff Denham congressman
welcome sir thanks for having Jeff so I
know that you're personally pretty close
to Kevin McCarthy who's in leadership
but leadership is against this idea why
did you feel as if you had to go to this
route to get the attention you would
think that hey Kevin McCarthy Europe
from California you see what this issue
does to the entire state it's a
complicated issue here it's not as it's
not as cut and dry as Steve King for
instance thinks it is why do you think
you had to do this to get the leadership
to even hold these talks Oh Kevin
McCarthy is a very close friend but so
is the speaker you know it is difficult
to to force this but the biggest concern
was that there was no deadline there was
no timeline this is something that
should have been done last year it
certainly should have been done before
March 5th but in March when Congress
failed to act I started spending a lot
of time with the parliamentarian working
with my Democrat colleagues as well to
find a bipartisan agreement but also to
find a unique way to introduce a rule to
get support on the rule to empower the
speaker and then ultimately when a vote
wasn't called we're doing a discharge
now to have a full debate from the
American public what's this why is
leadership so afraid is this really
about this idea that it's going to
divide the base of the party from sort
of the moderate wing of the party is
that the fear that an election year I
mean is this a cheer political you know
there
certainly a goal to get 218 Republicans
on a bill and passed this as a
Republican only bill my goal is to find
an American solution and that means both
parties working together I think you
also have to be a relisted to get 60
votes in the Senate it's going to have
to be bipartisan as well so if you want
to make law I think that working across
the aisle and giving Republicans and
Democrats to come together is a good
thing I've heard speaker and Ryan tell
me I'm sure he's told you I see I think
he says it every week I'm not putting an
immigration bill on the floor that the
president won't sign now you may be
forcing an immigration bill on the floor
that the president won't sign that's
sort of their argument back to you would
saying this is a futile effort it
doesn't matter you may succeed you may
pass this bill it won't go anywhere in
the Senate but even if it does the
president will veto it what do you say
to that I would say first of all the
president actually has his own piece of
legislation in here this the speaker
gets a bill so the speaker could put
whatever bill he wants whatever gets
discharged there's four bills that would
come to the door right which the
judiciary bill well I don't support it I
believe it deserves a vote to bring it
up let members cast their votes on each
of these four bills and have them answer
to the American public on why they
support which one but ultimately the
speaker gets a bill in this as well we
feel the USA act is going to be the most
bipartisan bill one that exceeds not
only 218 but one that can get support in
the Senators well John McCain actually
tweeted about it this week the USA at
getting's what's your sense if it gets
to 218 does this suddenly become one of
those bills where once it gets to 218 it
gets 250 and then all of a sudden you
think maybe right now there's be about
20 Republicans on it that you think 40
to 50 might climb on it I do this is a a
queen of the hill strategy meaning not
only do you have to get 218 but
whichever one has the most votes above
that is the one that goes to the Senate
so yeah we would be hopeful that it gets
it not only bipartisan but gets 250 or
more votes on it as well
I'm curious let me play for you a quote
from Steve King today
and I'm curious if you could take us
inside this conference room a little bit
take a listen
just surrealistic that I'm standing in
here listening to member after member
talk about everything except what
they're doing which is destroying the
rule of law when you reward lawbreakers
you're destroying the rule of law what
is the argument what has been the what
folks said back to Steve King about sort
of you your argument of why you believe
he's focused on the wrong people I
believe that we do have to follow the
rule of law but we are lawmakers this is
our opportunity to legislate and you
know there should not be fear from any
member of Congress to bring up a full
debate let's have a debate let's discuss
each of these different issues but be
prepared to have an American solution
Steve King may not get the pieces of
legislation that he likes but we should
still bring them up and we should still
have a discussion what's the bigger
problem here is it the fact that there's
quite a few people in Steve King's
district meat packing plants and Steve
King's district that may be using
undocumented workers that there is
obviously there are plenty of jobs for
undocumented workers or they wouldn't be
coming over the border or they wouldn't
be staying here so who should be held
more accountable here these young kids
or the people that hire undocumented
workers we're looking for a solution on
dreamers specifically daca because it
was an executive order under the
previous president Congress needs to do
its job it should have done its job
under the previous president and
certainly we need to get it done now the
big question is what comes along with
that do we do border security do we do
other pieces of reform along with this
to get the president's support but also
to get a bipartisan bill in the Senate
as well tell me about your district tell
me about your constituents you know I
just showed a poll earlier when people
say immigration is one of their number
one or number two issues and then you
ask him okay among people that picked
immigration and it was lean Republican
but it showed you that there's different
people have different reasons why
immigration some believe that hey we've
got a reform and others that want to
have tighter restrictions
what's your district telling you
certainly we've got a broken immigration
system and so they would like to fix
multiple aspects of immigration
certainly we've got a very large AG
industry so having a guest worker
program is something that's important as
well are they show our workers yes okay
you know that you have it you have a you
have farmers that are going hey I need
to leave crops in the field this year
again and so yeah it's a it's a big
concern but we also have friends
neighbors our kids have gone to school
with with dreamers that have graduated
now and and you are out there getting
jobs or or going to school and so they
also bring up a lot that we've got we've
got to solve that problem and border
security is important as well that
should be a very bipartisan issue as
well what's been interesting here is
that met what may be good for you and
your district could hurt somebody in a
more rural district and that's been the
political balance here that it seems the
party struggled with I would agree but
certainly this is something that isn't
just a defining moment for the House but
the president continues to talk about
this and tweet about it
he wants border security he has come to
the table on a solution for dreamers it
is time for Congress to do its job would
you have just supported that straight-up
deal when apparently Schumer went to the
president said fine full funding for the
wall for daca for essentially full
restoration for the doctor kits full
protection what I've supported
absolutely is there 218 votes to support
that deal I would know every member of
the House I do believe that there is now
there are other issues that should be
resolved in this same issue you know
there are asylum seekers we have
unaccompanied minors coming across the
border so there are other issues that I
think we can get a bipartisan solution
on but yes there is more than 218 - to
solve this problem all right
what's more likely to happen a
compromise to figure out what votes
happen or you guys having to do this
discharge petition I'm hopeful I'm
hopeful that we can come together it's a
mystical II hopeful I'm pessimistic
because we are four days out now from
when this final deadline is on the
discharge petition and we've yet to see
something in print so I want to see it
in text I think to have an agreement not
only within the Republican Party but to
have an agreement with the Democrats can
support - you got to be able to read the
bill Jeff Denham Republican from
California just had your primary day
thanks for coming out
you got it thanks for having me hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you
favorite subscribe by clicking on that
button down there click on any of the
videos to watch the latest interviews
and highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC
you get more beat the press content
every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
