Mieke the argument that we're trying to
make here is about decency not politics
don't you think the White House could
win if they started to the decency it's
also about equality though as we work
toward our journey toward equal pay
we're not going to get equal pay if
we're being judged on our looks and
that's white half the reason we have
this problem right now because men like
that are in power who actually judge
women on their looks and their
credibility is attached to their looks
and how hot they are or how sexy they
might be that equals credibility to them
that equals someone they want to hire to
them that equals sexual harassment on so
many levels
that's why we have the problems we have
today men like him men who talk like
pigs and that's how they think and he's
representing the President of the United
States talking about a woman's looks and
then laughing derisively as if her looks
don't measure up to credibility like the
president's wife's multiple wives look
this is incredible on so many levels
this really strikes to the heart of a
woman's value and he has degraded women
across the board this president every
step of the way I was in the president
in the East Room having lunch with the
president Jared and Ivanka and I think
Reince was in and out of the room me and
Joe and Ivanka was so excited to talk
about the Women's Initiative Dena Powell
was coming on board and they were going
to do something for small businesses and
I was really hopeful so I wanted to be
supportive and Ivanka said to me earlier
in the day let's let's try and talk to
him about the plan about the Women's
Initiative that I want to execute with
Dena and I said absolutely I'll help
bring it up and we never got to it he
was talking about his crowd size and his
Muslim band we're trying to tell him it
was a bad week and Michael Flynn kept
creepily walking in and luring over us
and then finally at the end of the lunch
I walked to the wall and I was getting
out a chapstick and Ivanka kind of
sheepishly said can we dad can we talk
about women can we talk about women
and he goes what and she goes women the
women's thing and he goes what and then
I turn around I go Donald
women understand yeah yeah honey yeah
honey we'll get to that and the rest is
history so here we are with the
president's lawyer now judging a porn
star who was paid a hundred and thirty
thousand dollars by your client Rudy
runaway beer truck for the president's
cases on a number of levels like what
are you doing besides driving his cases
into the ground and helping the
opposition which would be Bob Muller's
team ultimately not us okay not the
media rudy is running this case into the
ground and in the process degrading
women publicly feeding on the idea that
a woman's value is based on her looks I
can't tell you how I think how many
reverberations this will have if we
don't step up and I'm telling you right
now anybody who is that as upset as I am
or more upset or even slightly upset
about what you heard say something tweet
something get on your phone say
something to a group of people write
something run for office this is the
time to step up because women what we
have learned is that no one is gonna do
this for us
nobody so find a voice and use it so
that point difficult is this for
Republicans until now they're saying I'm
not going to touch this this is what you
know this is another category really at
this point once Judy Rudy Giuliani says
this how does every Republican woman
down on Capitol Hill stay silent I don't
know I mean it's it's it should be
impossible for them to say silent but I
don't want to be pretend hopeful I think
a lot of them will stay silent we saw in
the primaries the other day a congress
member not beat a runoff right she's in
a runoff and people assign that to the
fact that she didn't support Trump's
election so look the Republicans have
been cowards and they've been scared and
I think we'll continue seeing that and
you know everything Mika said was
correct but we have to remember this
White House is so
wrong and so devastatingly
discriminatory that what they may see
him what Rudy Giuliani did is loyalty
which is why we need to stop alone by
hello
senators members of Congress Republicans
Democrats women and men yes we're are
yes this is where we are today because
you have done nothing or you have not
done enough or you have tiptoed around
at Paul Ryan finally today finally the
president is not above the law my god
but the good race women but the good
news is we've seen in the ballot boxes
just even recently right that we are
making gains on the right side so I want
to echo what Mika said because it we can
make a difference as rank-and-file human
beings and this country but we have to
go
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
