let's bring in Time Magazine's
Washington bureau chief Massimo Calabria
this week's new issue is the war on
Muller take us inside the cover story
I'm just looking at the cover I'm just
looking at him it kind of brings to my
mind the image of the Emperor with no
clothes are the clothes off yet Massimo
oh no yeah not an image anyone wants to
contemplate the the John is absolutely
right what's going on here there are two
wars going on one is an intense war out
of sight largely between Trump's lawyers
and Muller over whether or not Trump
will testify under oath and it's a
dangerous moment for Trump if he
testifies it could be a perjury trap we
know where that led with Clinton he's
famously undisciplined and I could you
know waver from the truth when when
testifying on the other hand if he
doesn't testify he could be subpoenaed
so that's going on in the background the
public stuff with Giuliani and with
Trump claiming these increasingly broad
powers is exactly the John's point they
are preparing the ground for the moment
that Muller issues his report on what he
has found because ultimately this case
is going to be tried in front of the
public
Trump probably will not be charged no
matter what Muller finds because of the
constitutional issues surrounding and
ighting a sitting president but there
will be as there was under Clinton of
public accounting of this and in fact
what they're doing is running the
Clinton playbook as Clinton ran it
against Starr but what's different this
time and the reason for our cover is
that trumps in Trump in running those
plays is claiming these increasingly
broad presidential powers hey Massimo
it's Walter good to see you again you
know I was reading your cover and it
seems to me that historically the way
these things can break is when people
stand
and show some moral compass history
remembers Margaret chase Smith who did
it back in the time to Joe McCarthy the
member Barry Goldwater doing it back in
the times of Watergate with Nixon are we
starting to see with Paul Ryan and some
others the ability of the Republicans to
go back to sort of the Gerald Ford sense
of morality I was just reading Don
Rumsfeld book on Gerald Ford where you
have a Rotarian sense of decency and
Eagle Scouts moral compass and you're
willing to stand up and say all right we
have to tell the truth now well Paul
Ryan did come out yesterday and
supported trey Gowdy congressman trey
Gowdy who had come out and said that the
president's claims regarding this idea
that a spy was implanted into his
campaign were spurious and not based in
the truth but in general the Trump has
been very very successful at rallying
the party to him and by and large
Republicans have fallen into line his
popularity with the Republican Party is
second only to George W Bush after 9/11
looked over the last four decades he's
enormous ly popular in the Republican
Party and further to John's point the
numbers show that the attack on Muller
is working Muller's the idea that the
Muller investigation is a witch-hunt has
been accepted by another 5% of the
population over the last five months so
by and large this even if there are
Republicans who want to come out and
take a stand it's a very difficult
environment for them to do it in massimo
Calabresi thank you very much for being
on the show this morning still ahead on
morning joe did Trey Gowdy's start a
trend on Capitol Hill Paul Ryan echoes
the South Carolina congressman in
defending the integrity of the FBI will
bring in member of the Judiciary
Committee Senator Richard Blumenthal
live from Capitol Hill
you're watching Morning Joe we'll be
right back thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on
any of the videos around us to watch
more for morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
