to cover on Rudy but you mentioned
stormy so Rudy Guiliani also criticized
stormy Daniels
that's the porn star who claims she had
an affair with President Trump he said
First Lady Melania Trump believes her
husband she believes in her husband she
knows it's not true I don't even think
there's a slight suspicion that it's
showing you when you look at stormy
Daniels
substance for sexual exploitation so
stormy you want to bring a case let me
cross-examine you
yeah let's do that let's do that you
misogynistic fool are you kidding me
just look at storm in Daniels just look
at yourself are you kidding me at this
in this moment where we are in history
with women you are gonna tell us to just
look at her are you out of your mind you
know what that's your only excuse and I
feel really sorry for you that is the
most he was incredibly degrading on top
of the fact that you were hurting the
president's case on so many levels so
good on you keep going Rudy I'm
absolutely sick of what this is this is
how Trump talks about women also do the
campaign when he was accused this is
Etruria allegations he Trump would come
back and say it rallies just she's what
attractive and stormy daniel-san he last
rites of latrine Trump are you kidding
me let me tell you something
stormy Daniels could indeed bring down
this president so I hope you all just
look at her just look at stormy Daniels
and just look at everything she has to
say and just look at all the evidence
she just might have good job Rudy
Giuliani you have just emboldened stormy
Daniels and potentially any other woman
who may have evidence against this
president I'm gonna Bank on the fact and
that's the man by the way who just made
those comments that's Rudy Giuliani in
Israel waving
his napkin had a bunch of women dancing
around him so I'm gonna just look at
that and tell you to wait you just wait
for the women who are pissed off at this
president for the way they treated them
who maybe didn't want to speak out about
the way he treated them or but what
about what happened between them or
about perhaps the things that happened
between them while he was married to
Melania Trump you just wait because
right now after you said that Rudy
Giuliani I bet they might want to step
forward I bet they might want to think
you know what just look at me just look
at me good luck Mika that's what
happened with Donald Trump it just comes
down with Trump attack the looks of his
accusers more accusers came out so I
agree with you I think this is exactly
what Rudy's encouraging she's a mother
and she's a woman with a voice and she's
gonna use it I hope she does I'm waiting
Joe yeah John Heilemann you know Michael
avenatti well it's interesting that
Donald Trump has attacked absolutely
everybody it seems in in the public that
we know every major figure every
Republican a Democrat it seems it comes
across his path except stormy Daniels
and Michael avenatti and it seems to me
that there's not any question that
there's never been a denial that Donald
Trump had a relationship with stormy
Daniels and here you have Rudy Giuliani
making that case which Donald Trump
obviously is concerned about so much
more difficult passing himself off as
you know Donald Trump's lawyer there's
there's another defamation lawsuit
against Donald Trump with a from a guy
that from everything I can tell seems to
be one or two guitarists short of Molly
Hatchet I mean he's he's not all there
whoa I mean yes I mean first of all just
just just if you focus on the element
that you're focused on Joe you know you
don't need to do much to embolden
Michael avenatti and stormy Daniels
they're pretty
not ready but but this will this will
fuel this will fuel their their
aggression in the legal realm and as
we've all noted whatever you think about
the the merits of the stormy Daniels
case or if you think about Michael a
vanadis tactics they have certainly been
effective and certainly seem to up
unnerved the president have silenced the
president have done have been have been
effective in almost every respect and
then you've got this this is an
interesting parallel I think in one
respect to the previous thing we were
just talking about with Rudy where he's
interjecting himself in the realm of
foreign policy to the to the dismay I'm
sure of Mike Pompeo at the same time you
know the president has a very serious
lawyer named Charles harder who works
out in Los Angeles who's handling the
stormy Daniels case and and that lawyer
I'm sure feels a little bit like Mike
Pompeo right now which is to say Rudy
you're not making my job any easier my
job is to deal with this matter and be
and handle this in a in a serious way
for the president because of the the
stakes of it and Rudy Giuliani is not
just making not just in enraging women
across the country but also making the
job of president Trump's actual lawyer
on this actual case with respect to
stormy Daniels that much harder so Sam I
guess this raises the question - if it's
so preposterous that Donald Trump would
have slept with stormy Daniels why did
his personal attorney pay her a hundred
and thirty thousand dollars Giuliani's
acknowledges when I reimburse at this
point it's like we're putting up a
facade that he didn't sleep with her of
course I mean I'm not of course it seems
they had in relationship but it for me
like rudy is thrice-married trump is
three times married like these guys are
more preening about a porn star i think
they should probably find a little bit
stronger ethical grant to stand on and
the idea and i don't want to be so crass
but like just look at her I mean she is
probably one of the most successful porn
stars in recent history a lot of people
have just looked at her honestly and you
know you can question her career choices
but I think she's made a successful
career for herself and she's done she's
made her own choices and good for her
but like there's no ethical strong
ground for Rudy to stand on to make this
case he is not
who has lived a virtuous life by the
definitions that he's applying to her I
just I will leave it there
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
