thanks pal how would you feel if you
heard your lawyer saying thanks pal to
the opposing lawyer in your case in the
case of stormy Daniels her attorney
Michael avenatti thinks those words
thanks pal are part just part of a
pattern that show a conspiracy between
Donald Trump's lawyer and the man who
used to be stormy Daniels lawyer Keith
Davidson and we know about that thanks
pal between them from texts texts that
Michael avenatti has obtained and
released today as part of a lawsuit
against Donald Trump's former lawyer
Michael Cohen and stormy Daniels former
lyric Keith Davidson he has their actual
texts now you will remember the shock
that reportedly erupted in federal court
in Manhattan in April when it was
revealed and in addition to calling
himself Donald Trump's personal lawyer
Michael Cohen said he was also Sean
Hannity's lawyer Sean Hannity then I
think very credibly insisted that he had
never retained Michael Cohen in any
legal matter or ever paid him as a
lawyer for any legal services and
tonight we have text messages from
Michael Cohen cating that Michael Cohen
considered himself a Booker for sean
hannity show or at least friendly enough
with fox news that he could book a guest
on the network whenever he wanted to I
have her tentatively scheduled for
Hannity tonight call me after your trial
that's a text message from Michael Cohen
on January 17th of this year it was a
text message to Keith Davidson who was
storming Daniels lawyer at that time
Michael Cohen had booked storming
Daniels on sean hannity show that night
so that stormy Daniels could say she
never had sex with Donald Trump the
reason Michael Cohen wanted stormy
Daniels to say that is that an old
interview she had done with In Touch
magazine in 2011
had just been posted online by In Touch
magazine and in great detail
stormy Daniels in that interview
describes her night with Donald Trump
the night she spent in Donald Trump's
hotel room talking with him about
his fear of sharks and spanking him a
bit and having sex with him all of that
had become public the day before when In
Touch magazine posted their 2011
interview with storming Daniels in the
last weeks of the presidential campaign
Michael Cohen negotiated a secrecy
agreement with attorney Keith Davidson
in which stormy Jane was agreed she
would not ever repeat her story about
having spanked and had sex with Donald
Trump Keith Davidson was surprisingly
cooperative with Michael Cohen Donald
Trump's lawyer now sometimes lawyers can
be very very friendly I've seen this a
lot they can be very friendly even
though they're on opposite sides of the
case but they always have to make
absolutely sure that they are
representing their own clients interests
at all times above all else and there
was nothing in stormy Daniels secrecy
agreement with Donald Trump that
required her to go on the sean hannity
show and tell the lie that she never had
sex with Donald Trump both parties knew
that she had told InTouch magazine all
about it in 2011 but the stormy Daniels
secrecy agreement was that she simply
wouldn't talk about it again during the
presidential campaign or after the
presidential campaign Keith Davidson
responded to Michael Cohen's booking of
stormy jangles on the Sean Hannity show
by saying in a text she cannot don't
today I think what he means is cannot do
it today she is flying to LA tomorrow
I'm trying to get her to commit for
tomorrow now why would story Daniels
lawyer be trying to get her to commit to
going on Sean Hannity show to say she
never had sex with Donald Trump how does
that help stormy Daniels Michael Cohen
got really nervous when star McDaniels
couldn't do the sean hannity showed that
day he texted it's really important why
he got no reply from Keith Davidson for
two whole minutes and so he anxiously
texted can you call me please then he
got no reply for 20 whole minutes and he
texted please call me and then another
excuse
creating 32 minutes went by and Michael
Cohen texted anything and then finally
11 minutes later Keith Davidson finally
texted still trying and then immediately
Michael Cohen replied this is no good we
need her as by doing tomorrow you just
create another news cycle instead of
putting an end to this one Keith
Davidson did not reply and 22
nerve-racking minutes later Michael
Cohen texted please call me again
silence from Keith Davidson and after
another nine excruciating minutes
Michael Cohen texted come on still no
reply from Keith Davidson for 30 whole
painful minutes and then Michael Cohen
decides but tomorrow might be better
anyway he texts
let's forget tonight they would rather
tomorrow so they can promote the heck
out of the show that gets no reply from
Keith Davidson and then two hours and 20
minutes later the idea is killed by the
wise men Michael Cohen texts Keith the
wise men all believe the story is dying
and don't think it's smart for her to do
any interviews let her do her thing but
no interviews at all with anyone that
gets an immediate relief immediately
reply from Keith Davidson he texts 100%
and that gets an immediately reply from
Michael Cohen thanks pal
and that's the end of that after thanks
pal until the next month when suddenly
Michael avenatti replaces Keith Davidson
as stormy Daniels lawyer and the rest is
history with Michael avenatti on the
case suddenly on March 1st Keith
Davidson is the one trying to get in
touch with Michael Cohen he texts call
me he gets no reply for Michael Cohen
and the next day March 2nd Keith
Davidson texts Michael Cohen again busy
question mark nine minutes later my
Cowan replies 15 minutes we should speak
Keith Davidson says call when you can
at 3:56 p.m. Michael Cohen says he will
call it exactly 4:00 p.m. and he will
have another lawyer Larry Rosen on the
line Keith Davidson immediately replies
great but 4:00 p.m. comes and goes and
at 4:14 p.m. Keith Davidson now the
nervous one texts you calling Michael
Cohen immediately replies with FLOTUS
give me a minute
public public reports indicate that
Michael Cohen and Melania Trump were
both at the Trump home in Florida that
day March 2nd 2018
Michael avenatti believes he knows what
mrs. Trump and Michael Cohen were
talking about that day and Michael
avenatti
also believes along with stormy Daniels
that Michael Cohen and stormy Daniels
former lawyer Keith Davidson were
colluding to deny storming jangles
proper legal representation in her case
with Donald Trump that Keith Davidson
was actually working for Donald Trump's
benefit and not the benefit of his
client stormy Daniels and Michael Cohen
was a crucial part of that violation of
the attorney-client relationship that
storming Dallas was supposed to be able
to have with her lawyer and so Michael
avenatti has filed a lawsuit today for
stormy jailors against Michael Cohen and
Keith Davidson charging Keith Davidson
with violating his responsibilities to
stormy Daniels as her lawyer and
colluding with Michael Cohen against his
own client thanks for checking out our
YouTube channel subscribe by clicking on
the button below for more from the last
word and the rest of MSNBC
