thing one tonight I think it's fair to
say that Donald Trump isn't exactly a
great scholar of US history but lucky
for him he's been on an 18-month field
trip to Washington DC and he is learning
so much Frederick Douglass is an example
of somebody who's done an amazing job
that is being recognized more and more I
noticed you ever hear of Andrew Jackson
of Tennessee Andrew Jackson who they say
was the most like my campaign because
his was a vicious campaign I mean had
Andrew Jackson been a little bit later
you wouldn't have had the civil war
people don't ask that question but why
was there the Civil War why couldn't why
could that one not have been worked out
people don't realize you know if you go
back to the Civil War was the
Republicans that really did the thing
Lincoln was a Republican most people
don't even know it was a Republican
right does anyone know a lot of people
don't know that history and culture so
important yes
history and culture so important
especially when you have to apply it to
your current job Trump history in action
is thing to 60 seconds Donald Trump is
no great history buff but he's making
history every single day like with our
new terrible relationship with our
neighbors in North Canada for instance
according to the CBC president Trump
recently had a testy phone call with
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about
tariffs and fairness Trudeau reportedly
asked Trump how it was that terrorists
would be imposed on Canada on national
security grounds to which Trump
reportedly responded didn't you guys
burn down the White House oh great point
Canada did burn down the White House at
one time wait back no no no they didn't
actually British troops burned down the
White House it was during the War of
1812 a while ago and Canadian units did
fight in some battles for the British
rulers they were still a British colony
back then but the consensus among
historians is that it was the British
army led by a British Army Major General
who attacked Washington in the summer of
1814 and set the home of the President
to torch it's pretty much in all the
books
you know I love to read actually I'm
looking at a book I'm reading a book I'm
trying to get started every time I do
about a half a page I get a phone call
that there's some emergency this or that
I love to read
I don't get to read very much I could
because I'm working very hard on lots of
different things
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
