joining me now is currently congressman
Ellison who is now a new candidate for
attorney general and he joins me now
congressman Ellison welcome back to Meet
the Press daily yeah thanks thanks for
having me all right so you are running
for AG instead of reelection of Congress
it strikes me and I've heard this from
others why Attorney General wha-what do
you believe that post will give you an
opportunity to do that you can't do in
Congress you know it'll allow me to be
the people's lawyer a lawyer that will
fight for them for their consumer rights
for their rights as workers and
employees for their rights as people who
need civil rights protection it'll allow
me to protect seniors who are often
victims of scams and abuses and
mistreatment and it allow me to help
veterans and people all over the state
of Minnesota also the attorneys general
work together on things to stand up on
the administration's rules to weaken the
internet and block it and make it more
in the hands of the private interests
and things like trying to weaken the
census and interfere with that and of
course we all know that it has been the
secretaries of state I mean secretaries
general who have come together for to
protect people's civil rights after the
President had there and tried to
institute the travel ban which of course
is still in the courts you if Democrats
get control the house you could do a lot
of those things with the majority in the
house subpoena power chairmanships with
the ability to convene you know hearings
if weather weather you know it's a group
that's you know the drug manufacturers
with opioids things like that there's
certainly a lot of ability everything
you just talked about there's a lot of
ability to do that if you have a
majority in the house which right now
looks like a good possibility so why why
risk potentially you could lose this
election and suddenly not be in either
place that's true but let me tell you
when I talk to Minnesotans whether it's
an in Greater Minnesota or in the cities
or in the suburbs they're telling me
about their concerns about being taken
advantage of in student loans
it's in nursing homes all over the state
they're telling me about these critical
problems and you know Chuck before I was
ever
a congressperson I was a lawyer and I
did that work for about 16 years and I
really enjoyed the ability to just get
in there and fight for people
particularly people who didn't have
anybody on their side where they're up
against powerful interests that's the
kind of thing that has always made me
feel personally satisfied and I'll
continue to work with my fellow
colleagues in Congress and in the state
legislature to protect Minnesotans
because we need to work together good
laws and good law enforcement is there
is there something that trump
administration has done that you think
attorneys general should be confronting
that they haven't yet or is this one of
those you're like you see that they're
having some progress and you see your
own opportunities here well no this is
about service this is about public
service and I want to be part of that
fight to it protect the public's
interests which I think the Trump
administration has stepped on in many
occasions but you know they're coming up
with new stuff every day
you know a while back Chuck they tried
to pass a rule that said that the tips
that workers got in restaurants belong
to the owner we were able to fight that
back but what if something like that
comes up in the future I want to be able
to protect people who labor hard every
day people who work hard I've been in in
Congress I have been leading the fight
on weight against weight step so I think
that it's a matter of confronting the
the violations of people's rights and
really being on the the fighter fur for
ordinary working Americans you it's my
understanding for now you would like to
keep your position as Deputy Chair of
the DNC I imagine that's pretty awkward
though right you're now participating at
a party primary and I know the party
process and the DFL in Minnesota it's
shall we say loud and and very
rambunctious sometimes is it gonna be
tough for you too spirited yes tough for
you to hold a National Party position
and be participating in primary well you
know it's common for members elected
officials to also be active in party
building this is a regular thing and I
will be devoting well more than then 60
70 hours a week as
so does Attorney General and I'll also
help strengthen a Democratic Party so we
can advance values of inclusion and
fairness in our economy and opportunity
for everybody well you know there's some
among certain segments of the Democratic
Party there's there's some distrust of
the DNC chair Tom Perez and a lot of
Sanders supporters in particular see you
as their guy right as their as the
person that's watching that's watching
things that the DNC on behalf of sort of
the Sanders wing of the party does this
mean you're not going to be as active in
the DNC this cycle well you know I'm
gonna be focused on when my attorneys
general race but look you know there
will be plenty of time between now in
the foreseeable future and and to really
focus on helping to build the Democratic
Party or not let me just say you know
Tom and I are unified in our commitment
to run it in every race all the time and
not and not letting any any particular
race go on fought for we're committed to
24/7 every to every race and every and
every year so we're gonna continue to do
that but that's gonna be a long-term
project it's gonna take a whole lot of
people and it's but it's also gonna take
us here in Minnesota do our part and I
will be holding that down I got to ask
you about this controversy involving the
DNC chairs endorsement of Andrew Cuomo
New York Bernie Sanders unhappy about it
it's my understanding you were among
folks not happy about him publicly
endorsing was that done in error was
that a mistake
is that something that that that that
you regret happened it was an individual
decision based on a very long term
relationship that he had with those
individuals are our main policy our
default policy is still to to not get
involved in primaries for DNC officers
so this is a one-time thing and there
isn't going to be any more endorsements
from you or him in primaries you won't
see any endorsements from me in
primaries all right congressman keith
Ellison I'm gonna leave it there hello
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press'
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
