that confirmation of the commutation of
a sentence and this goes back to Kim
Kardashian that's right this is the
commutation of the sentence for Alice
Johnson this is according to one of her
attorneys as well as White House
official who confirms this this was what
Kim Kardashian was here lobbying for
last week what some referred to as the
first Kim Summit Johnson was sentenced
to life in prison for drug trafficking
back in 1996 so Kardashian argued that
the sentence really didn't fit the crime
that this is a great grandmother who
deserves to be released so very big news
here today at the White House Kim
Kardashian tweeting Andria best news
ever
will watch our Twitter accounts to see
if she has any more to say as she learns
more about this commutation now of
course this does come as we have been
reporting throughout the day that
President Trump is considering dozens of
other pardons including according to the
President himself potentially commuting
the sentence of Rod Blagojevich as well
as pardoning Martha Stewart will that
happen we'll have to wait and see some
critics look at some of these pardons in
question if there is a political bent a
political purpose to them that's a
narrative that the White House has
pushed back against very vigorously but
of course the questions is President
Trump with some of these pardons trying
to send a message to some of those who
are wrapped up in the Russia probe like
his pardon of dinesh d'souza a
conservative commentator for example
that was of course a highly
controversial part in this pardon Andrea
will likely be less controversial again
this is a great-grandmother who back in
the 1990's was sentenced to life in
prison for drug trafficking so kim
kardashian as well as her family
undoubtedly cheering this news that
we're getting from the White House this
afternoon Andrea because there are a lot
of others thousands and thousands of
others who are less entitled less well
represented who are incarcerated mostly
minorities mostly men who are
incarcerated on these kinds of drug
offenses and with equally lengthy
sentences
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
