all right joining us now from Washington
DC with a look at actually I am the
co-founder of Axios Mike Allen Mike good
to have you with us this morning what is
access is one big thing for us
well good morning I'm first I was very
inspired by your running map I don't
know that I wasn't inspired eight or
nine miles worth I was inspired a bit
I'm signed up for the army 10-miler the
first weekend all right so I've got some
got some work to do
actually this is one big thing Facebook
playing with fire in DC so two nights
ago we saw Facebook having those deals
with device makers sucking up some of
our data that we didn't know about last
night that story you've been hearing
about here about the Chinese device
makers also having access to that data
this is like our red flag in front of
Congress yesterday I didn't event will
send our mark Warner of Virginia vice
chairman of the Senate Intelligence
Committee he's been working with the big
tech companies for the Russia
investigation and he sounded really
exasperated with Facebook he said we're
seeing a repeated pattern here of them
not coming clean was the expression that
he used and he said Facebook has plenty
of people who know politics they know
that they should just get it all out not
let it dribble dribble so what does were
think that we actually need to do about
this to make sure this doesn't happen
again yes it's a big problem for
Facebook and the why it matters is that
Facebook depends on trust it depends on
trust both from users of its products
and from DC over my back shoulder so it
depends on our trust so that will keep
giving it data and it depends on DC
trust because the tech companies are
saying let's have a light touch with
regulation you don't have to go as far
as Europe has gone it gets harder and
harder to make that case when Mark
Zuckerberg is up on the hill they know
about this ticking time bomb of
information about China out there and
nothing's disclosed about it now
Axios is cheap tech correspondent inna
freed
not that these deals were pretty
standard at the time and weren't even
totally a secret but everything is
context and in the new environment this
revelation really puts big tech back on
the front burner in a way that had sort
of faded since those first disclosures
back in March I know that this is kind
of pitted as Facebook against Congress
and there certainly a divide between
those two but is there a divide as well
among lawmakers in terms of how to deal
with tech corporations do we see one
party or perhaps one side leaning in one
direction versus the other no that's a
very astute question and that is part of
Facebook's insurance policy is that
there isn't a clear remedy left and
right have United as you and I have
talked about around the idea of doing
more to rein in the tech companies but
nobody has an exact formula and that
will help the companies who want to do
this collaboratively and lawmakers have
said that they prefer to do something
that involves both the industry and
Washington it's getting harder but what
we have is Republicans who are more
concerned about the company's social
positions and their view of them is sort
of a Left Coast phenomenon and the left
more and more saying this concentration
of power but along this concentration of
wealth is something we should pay more
attention to alright and Mike Allen grab
your sneakers hit the road get training
my friends yeah exactly
all right we're gonna see you on Morning
Joe in a moment we'll be reading of
course actually Sam in just a little bit
and to all of our viewers out there as
well you too can sign up for the
newsletter by going to sign up Axios com
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
