Trump wants Tuesday June 5th 2018 great
leaders unite their people bad leaders
divide them the American people have
faced an historic divide we know it
we've lived it and no one denies it and
while we are divided on Sunday mornings
racially attending different churches we
are united on Sunday afternoons we cheer
at the same stadiums we'd share the same
players we know real joy when they
perform victory as Jack Kennedy once
said has a hundred fathers so why we
have to ask ourselves is Donald Trump
trying to tear this country apart
on a day when we cheer together when we
root for the home team and all its
players when we truly become a chorus of
hope a unified crowd basking an athletic
excitement we've heard the term
political football it's when you take up
matter and try to exploit it politically
Donald Trump is now taking football
itself and made it into a political
football
nice work mr. president couldn't have
done it without you that's hardball for
now thanks for being with us all in with
Chris Hayes starts right now
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
