add to the conversation Nate Boyer
former NFL player and a u.s. army green
beret he has a connection with Colin
Kaepernick who he first convinced to
kneel during the national anthem it's my
understanding that you were offended by
him sitting on the bench you guys had a
conversation and you came up with a
compromise and you've written very
eloquently that that's your hope for the
president and the league but today
certainly doesn't look like it's moving
in that direction your thoughts on on
today's performance from the president
and on the Philadelphia Eagles decision
to largely boycott the celebration at
the White House yeah I definitely first
of all I definitely would not call it I
was offended I would say hurt is
probably a better word just because of
what those symbols kind of mean to me
and you know a lot of men and women I
fought alongside people that didn't make
it back so it was more of like this
place of hurt as to why he didn't feel
strongly enough about his country to
want to stand during that during the
colors and so you know through our
conversation a bit of a compromise or
middle ground we sort of met we came
from different places we sort of
believed fundamentally a lot of
different things we had a lot of things
that we agreed on but Colin and I were
able to hash it out respectfully have
that conversation and find a place in
the middle of what we both felt like we
were appreciated in each other's kind of
opinions and beliefs were appreciated in
some way and that stuff just hasn't been
happening lately through you know
administration and and players in the
league in the league itself I I will say
in defense of some of the league I think
organizationally the NFL Roger Goodell
have done a pretty decent job through
all of this in working alongside the
players listening to the players trying
to take into account their feelings and
make sure that that conversation has
involved them however you know last week
or maybe chuckles two weeks ago at the
owners meetings when the players were
not invited that was a little bit more
frustrating and I think tough for those
guys to swallow when they're then told
you must stay in the locker room or you
must stand and now you know to have this
high
school drama between the Eagles in the
white house is just it's just
frustrating and shows I think a
description of where we're at as a
country and just we're not moving
forward we're not working together on
things we're just butting heads and the
drama is winning Nate I don't know what
your future holds but but I'd suggest
politics or diplomacy let me ask you
does it offend the men and women of the
military when a player exercises his
First Amendment right to kneel silently
in protest during the anthem some people
yes some people no you know the veteran
communities as diverse as any other
slice of the American Pie we've we're
all over the map on that stuff and I
don't speak for every veteran I don't
want to pretend to I speak for myself
and I speak for I think a lot of people
are on the same page as me but there's a
lot of people to disagree with me that
are on the left side of things are on
the right side of things and I
completely respect that at the end of
the day I think more than anything the
veteran community just wants some peace
and some understanding and you know to
come home from fighting overseas
fighting for what you know for for
ultimate freedoms of many people not
just American people but to come back to
a place where we respect one another we
are we are moving forward and when
things aren't perfect which they're not
in our own country we work together to
solve those problems no matter where you
stand politically and we we lift up the
good police officers and-and-and people
that work in criminal justice that are
trying to fix things and do it the right
way and and we just just a little more
peace and quiet and positivity we really
want then you have to go last question
doo doo doo you in both had says as you
know someone who served in the military
and someone who served in the work
played in the NFL do the president's
comments hurt or offend you when he
calls your teammates or your fellow
players sons of bitches and says they
should get off the field for kneeling
yes
and no that goes that would go for
anybody that said that even my folks you
know what I mean like that's just it you
know and Torrey Smith said it best he's
a current player for the Eagles I'm not
sure if you'd mentioned this or if
you're going to mention this in your
show today but you know people are like
trying to figure out why some of these
players you know didn't want to go and
we're getting in the weeds on things and
he was like look at it this way it's as
simple as it
you were invited to a party by somebody
and that person who was throwing the
party had bad mouth to your friends and
you didn't go people would never
question why aren't you going to the
party man here to psych well you said
this about my buddy and that hurts you
know what I mean so if you get if you
simplify things in that regard I think
people would understand a little better
why a lot of these players chose not to
go Nate Boyer we're so grateful that
some some of your time I know you've got
places to go people to see we're
grateful please come back
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
