what is your reaction to this manna fort
news well Stephanie we have to remember
this isn't the first time that Paul
Manafort has been accused of violating
the terms of his bail back in February
prosecutors revealed the he ghostwrote
with a Russian national and op-eds
levying work is about that that that's
right so this is not a good day for a
Paul Manafort certainly facing the
prospect of jail time but in some ways
these developments are even worse for
president Donald Trump Paul Manafort is
really the last man standing Michael
Flynn has flipped george papadapolis is
cooperating Manta Ford's own deputy Rick
gates is cooperating with authorities
manna forts so far has held strong but
the prospect of jail time especially for
someone who's used to a fairly lavish
lifestyle with residences around the
world and expensive suits the prospect
of jail time could be the the straw that
breaks Manta forts back when it comes to
an inducement to actually cooperate with
prosecutors Glenn what's your big
takeaway from the FBI affidavit so
Stephanie good morning and thanks for
having me I'll tell you things just went
from bad to much worse for Paul Manafort
and here's why
he's already indicted both in the
Eastern District of Virginia and here in
Washington DC and for the last 30 years
up until last Friday I've been a federal
prosecutor 24 of those years right here
in Washington DC and I've seen this kind
of witness tampering hundreds of times
what we have here is mr. manna for
reaching out to witnesses and saying
remember we didn't do any lobbying in
the United States when there is ample
evidence that that's untrue then what I
found almost amusing sad but amusing was
one of the witnesses who's an associate
of mr. Madoff forces reinforcing this
message by saying P an obvious reference
to mr. manna Ford wants you to say that
the you know we never lobbied in the
United States and then they put in
parens which is true you know let me use
an everyday hypothetical to kind of
demonstrate why this is frankly
laughable let's assume when the show
wraps today Stephanie you and I go out
and rob
7:11 we do it without guns because we
don't want anybody to get hurt
but we robbed a 7-eleven I immediately
get arrested I get detained and I place
a phone call to you and I say Stephanie
remember yesterday when we didn't rob a
7-eleven which is true this is frankly a
chapter out of witness tampering for
dummies and things have gotten
extraordinarily bad for Paul Manafort
okay ouchie poo if Glenn is right Noel
and if this is straight out of witness
tampering for dummies and again what
they're going after Paul Manafort here
has little has nothing to do with the
president does it make sense for
president Trump to sort of go out on a
limb with this Department of Justice
really did a number on Paul Manafort
when it sounds like Paul kind of did one
on himself
Paul's a bad actor and I love Glenn for
saying giving a dummies guide to witness
tampering but I think that you know
looking especially with what you had
said earlier I think that what they're
trying to do is that's witness tampering
holds a maximum jail time so if they
revoke his his bail and they make him
sit in jail and you're gonna have a
whole different attitude your
realization of you know your potential
spending the rest of your life in jail
who knows what you're going to do or
what you're going to say when you're
sitting in there and you're not and
you're you know your normal habitat but
the other bigger question is will
President Trump
pardon metaphor and is it to his
advantage to even do so because it
sounds like Paul Manafort breaking away
from the campaign was really doing his
own side deals and was a bad actor from
from the beginning and was probably
going to use the Trump campaign and if
elected the Trump presidency to cut a
whole bunch of a slight of other deal
like that actor do you mean straight-up
criminal like for me bad actors the cast
of mall cop what Paul Manta Ford appears
to have done is criminal activity yes
Stefan if you want me to go out there
and say criminal yeah he's a bad dude
he's a bad actor and he's a criminal
there you go all right Ned the president
also
this the Russian witch-hunt hoax
continues all because Jeff Sessions did
not tell me he was going to recuse
himself I would have quickly picked
someone else so much time and money
wasted so many lives ruined and sessions
knew better than most that there was no
collusion so let's just separate this
president Trump didn't need to pick Jeff
Sessions I understand his frustration
but is he not implying here that these
people who've been indicted wouldn't
have gotten indicted if there was
someone else as Attorney General and if
that were the case wouldn't that other
unknown Attorney General be covering up
or looking the other way in terms of
criminal activity I mean you got the
Skadden Arps lawyer up there that guy's
already in jail no one made that up well
that's right Stephanie what President
Trump still doesn't seem to understand
is that Jeff's session didn't didn't
decide to recuse himself he had to
recuse himself according to DOJ
guidelines and President Trump and his
team should have known that someone who
was a campaign sir gets in with someone
who was essentially a validator for the
campaign going to a position of attorney
general had no choice whatsoever there
was no discretion but yes your broader
point is absolutely true President Trump
doesn't see our Attorney General as the
nation's top law enforcement officer he
sees the Attorney General as his chief
protector as the president's chief
protector someone who will or would I
should say if he were not recused from
this who would do you mean like how
Michael Cohen was president Trump's
fixer when he was a private citizen
that's how he views Jeff Sessions or
that role absolutely l or or Roy Roy
Cohn the president's former attorney
that's what President Trump wants in all
of this someone who is not looking out
for our nation's interest but someone
who is looking out for his interests and
potentially if you follow that to its
logical conclusion obstructing justice
in a way that would allow President
Trump to get off scot-free that seems to
be what President Trump wants in all of
this all right Glenn I want to play what
president Trump's lawyer Mayor Rudy
Giuliani said on CNN about the shifting
accounts
the Trump Tower meeting why do you
believe that the White House team / the
Trump legal team before Rudy Giuliani
why do you think they chose to lie about
his role in drafting this statement
about Trump juniors meeting with the
Russians
you think maybe somebody could have made
a mistakes go ahead and make a mistake
you can make a mistake and then if you
don't if you don't if you want to you
could say it's a lie
but it was a mistake I swear to God it
was a mistake the guy made a mistake I
corrected Glenn is that a good defense
lots of people make a mistake or even
lie but the issue is when you cover it
up and you cover it up again and again
and again that's when things get stinky
yeah it's it's a defense it's not a good
defense and I've tried to look at both
sides of the coin on this one so on the
one side of the coin I do think the
president and his attorneys are going to
be able to claim that during that
meeting the president was provided
information he wasn't at the Trump Tower
meeting himself he was provided
information he helped wordsmith a
document or a narrative that was then
put out and hey he was just mislead now
on the other side of the coin I gotta
tell you I'd rather be the prosecutor on
this one because it does seem like a
transparent attempt to put a false
narrative into the stream of public
consciousness so I don't I don't think
that arguments going to fly I do think
it's interesting that we saw the defense
team front this issue in its twenty page
memo that was published over the weekend
what that says to me Stephanie is that
they knew that Bob Muller's team already
had ample evidence that would prove
there were misrepresentations made about
the drafting of that statement so they
were doing the classic we got to get in
front of it and make it seem like it's
something other than what it is so they
put it in the memo they fronted it and
they said hey just a mistake well you
know what and just a mistake let's share
mine's people what's president Trump's
lawyer Jay Sekulow and Sarah Sanders
have said about this in the past the
statement that was released on Saturday
was released by Donald Trump jr. and I'm
sure in consultation with his lawyers
the president wasn't involved in that I
do want to be clear the president was
not involved in the drafting of the
statement and did not issue the
statement it came from Donald Trump jr.
so that that's what I can tell you know
that was written by Donald Trump jr. and
and I'm sure with it in consultation
with his lawyer he certainly didn't
dictate but you know he like I said keep
wait and offered suggestion like any
father would do okeydoke so story went
from adoptions to dirt on Clinton to
Trump having no role to dictating the
whole thing no well take me to a big
Republican fundraiser how do Republicans
take to this well you know it's a very
difficult position I'm not gonna lie to
you and say that this is awesome and
we're all drinking the kool-aid but
you've got to look it's bad optics this
is all bad optics nobody's happy with it
that now that they're saying one thing
and now somebody else is saying another
thing and they're having you know
scramble and go a different direction
but to my knowledge there's nothing
illegal about what has happened there is
nothing illegal about President Trump
hat you know helping putting a hand in a
drafting a memo there's nothing illegal
but it's bad so I think what it is is
the fact that as a Republican it's
somebody that's representing the you
know the Republican talking point it's
somebody that comes on these shows and
you yeah when you present this it's not
good and I'm not gonna sit up here and
say well that's okay and it was just all
a big mistake and you know your viewers
aren't going to buy that I'm gonna get
hammered and even people in the GOP they
all think it's bad nobody thinks this is
awesome and he forgot but if you're
looking at this from a legal point
nothing illegal you you know has been
committed but if you're looking at this
as a branding or you're looking at this
you know as
a dark smudge on the Republican Party I
think a lot of people are a little upset
that maybe people can't get all their
stories straight that may be the only
thing get their story straight or lying
because can't get their story straight
it's like but you know what I haven't
coordinated with my husband and my
mother
I mean nothin e we're not gonna know
because look you've got first of all
I've got to tell everybody this in an
ongoing investigation with all these
things going on I think the legal team
doesn't need to be on television shows I
just don't think this is a good idea
you know because this is what we're
talking about we're now having to say
well this is not what he meant he meant
this well this was a mistake or this is
how this is gonna be just don't go on
television because we wouldn't have all
this mess to be talking about in the
first place
that's crazy sister quickly before we go
Glen this lying not a legal issue the
lying is a legal issue and it's a
factual issue and it's a consciousness
of guilt issue because you know you
don't have to lie about something if you
didn't do anything wrong in the first
instance and I gotta tell you I
appreciate Noel saying you know she's
not gonna drink the kool-aid and I think
there's a lot of kool-aid being spread
out there but you know it may sound
trite but if we all start drinking from
the cup of truth you know we're not
going to be thirsty moving forward but
can you can you go to if you if what
Rudy Giuliani says is a fact and there
was a mistake let's just say Trump
forgot that he issued a little bit of
talking points or guidance with his son
on a memo is that okay I mean kick are
you as human beings allowed to make a
mistake
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
