what is the answer to the question of
why the generic ballot is as close as it
is and why President Trump if he's as
bad as you all Democrats say he is is
doing as well as he is right now look I
think you guys have part of the problem
right which is that we as Democrats have
to look ourselves in the mirror and say
where did we lose touch with the
American people you know why is it that
with such a terrible president in the
Oval Office were at the worst position
we've been in since the 1920s in the
White House the House the Senate and
state legislatures across the country
and I think that it we're a party that
needs to have our own vision it's not
enough just to oppose Trump and tell
everybody how terrible the Republicans
are for not standing up to him let's
talk about what our vision is for the
economy you know for our national
security when the president is being so
reckless around the globe and how we're
actually gonna bring trust back into
government where it's been so terribly
lost so I know the message has to be
tailored district-by-district and it'll
be a little bit different wherever
you're running for Congress but if you
had to summarize what the Democratic
Party stands for right now in the age of
Trump what would you say we're still the
party of opportunity where everybody in
America no matter where you live or
where you come from has a chance at the
American dream and I think that a lot of
Americans are feeling left out right now
and to Trump's credit you know he
recognized that and he and he saw that
people are being left behind by this
changing economy people aren't making
what they used to make they can't
support their families the way they used
to
but Trump solution is to go back into
the coal mines or pretend that people
are losing their jobs to immigrants when
actually they're losing them to robots
jobs are just getting automated out of
existence so if we can be the party that
says here's a way for you to have a
meaningful role in the economy of the
future not go backwards not make America
great again but make America better than
it's ever been
then we're a party that has a leadership
to win it is argument to that would be
unemployment is incredibly low right now
wages are going up consumer confidence
is very high how do you answer that well
getting look he's still early in his
term and he's benefiting from a lot of
the economic policies that Obama put it
he's there now he can like that case
look I understand he can he can make
that case but I don't think that anyone
really believes that we're gonna solve
the economic problems of today and
tomorrow by by going back into the coal
mines you
by pretending that we can just ignore
all these changes that are happening in
the world we can divorce ourselves from
the world we can cut taxes for
corporations so that there's no money
left in the United States Treasury and
we have no money to invest in our kids
to invest in our future and to basically
have the courage to solve the tough
problems that face American congressman
Casey hunt has a question for you
congressman it's good to see you my
question for you is it's a little bit
about Nancy Pelosi after Connor Lam won
the special election she said I'm a
master legislator I'm a shrewd
politician and I have a following in the
country that apart from a presidential
candidate nobody else can claim do you
agree with her self-assessment well look
I I don't I have great respect for
leader Pelosi she has had a lot of
legislative achievements I mean we
wouldn't have Obamacare without her but
I mean look at her you know her
popularity ratings do not comport with
the description that she just had and I
think what I hear when as I travel
around the country from Democrats and
Republicans alike is that we need new
leaders you know we need a new vision we
need a forward-looking vision it's time
I think for a new generation of
leadership leader the Democratic Party
who is the leader of the Democratic
Party yeah that's what you asked does my
silence say something this is the
challenge that we have right now I don't
think that people are looking at leader
Pelosi with all due respect to her and
saying you know here is the future of
our party but this is bigger than one
person you know it's not just about
Pelosi or Schumer or whoever you want to
choose this is about being a party that
can lead again this is about being a
party that has vision this is about
being a party that can not just complain
about the other side but say this is
what we're gonna do for our country
here's our tax plan here's how we're
gonna help small businesses and growing
businesses as opposed to the biggest
businesses in the world that the
Republican plan helps this is how we're
gonna be smart and strong about our
national security whatever we have a
president who lies and fundamentally is
weak he can't stand up to our biggest
adversaries that's leadership from our
party and I think that there's a new
generation coming that's going to
provide it like some of these candidates
Maiki show running in a primary in New
Jersey today
a Navy helicopter pilot truly inspiring
person someone that people are gonna
vote for not just because she's a
Democrat but because she's a leader
there are people like that coming up
there are some of them already in the
house they're the people who can take
our party forward okay I'm gonna ask you
to really really use your imagination
here okay I'm a 45 year old guy I've got
a factory job I belonged to a union I've
got three kids one in grammar school a
daughter a freshman in high school and
the son who just graduated from high
school and joined the Marine Corps cuz I
couldn't afford the tuition at the state
school where we live I got hammered in
2008 and 2009 I want to know I voted for
Trump I want to know what are you gonna
do for me what programs have I lost what
have I lost on the Trump and what can
you give me well first of all I'm just
gonna start by listening to you and I
don't think Democrats have done that
enough by actually going and saying you
know I want to understand why you're
hurting and what's gone wrong here and
you know Trump may be the least
empathetic person on earth but somehow
he was able to connect with Americans
like you who are hurting the second
thing I'm gonna do is is I'm gonna say
what you know what do you think you need
a little bit more money in your paycheck
today but it's gonna cause big problems
for our country and for your kids down
the road and don't think that if you
lose your job you have any opportunity
to get a new job because we're not
investing in infrastructure we're not
investing in education we're not
actually having a trade policy that is
gonna bring jobs back to America we're
having a trade policy that's gonna hurt
do you know that you know the price of
lumber is going up 32 percent right now
because of his tariffs war with with
with Canada you know what if you want to
you know I was painting my fence this
weekend if I need to replace a piece of
wood in that fence I could have play pay
32% more than I did yesterday that's
that's not good policy for American
families for working families who are
struggling to make ends meet all right
congressman Seth Moulton thank you very
much for coming on the show coming up
hard balls Chris Matthews joins the
table oh boy at the top of the hour Plus
Republican Senator Rand Paul and former
advisor
president obama ben rhoades take us
inside the final days of the Obama White
House morning Joe is coming right back
thanks for checking out MSNBC on YouTube
and make sure you subscribe to stay
up-to-date on the day's biggest stories
and you can click on any of the videos
around us to watch more four Morning Joe
and MSNBC thanks so much for watching
