and we got an even better window
yesterday and how president Trump is
thinking about this investigation he
asserted his quote absolute right to
pardon himself for any crime in just the
past two weeks the president has broken
several political and legal standards
including demanding the Justice
Department investigate the Russia probe
sending his lawyer in the investigation
to a congressional intelligence briefing
and now the pardon claims the Republican
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn said
yesterday I wish you wouldn't comment on
things like that because it then raises
questions that really have been laid to
rest Cornyn's fellow Republican members
of the Judiciary Committee were equally
skeptical about Trump's claims of the
ability to self pardon I've read the
Constitution to cover to cover I'm I'm
rather fond of it there's not a
provision directly on point and I
haven't researched and ultimately an
issue like that would wouldn't land in
the map of the United States Supreme
Court let's hope we don't get there I
think it'd be a bad idea but legally I
don't know I know
Nixon was one of the allegations against
him was improper use of pardon powers
has one of the things in impeachment but
I do know this one of the limits of
presidential authority is politics I
think the politics would be very bad if
I were president United States and I
a lawyer that told me I could part
myself I think that hired a lawyer
senator the president says he can pardon
himself would you agree with that
that is not a constitutional issue I've
studied so I will withhold judgment at
this point so Casey hunt sounded like
Ted Cruz is trying to outrun you guys
there in the Senate but couldn't
couldn't quite get away from you the
reaction on Capitol Hill to this here we
heard some Republicans speak up and
speak out about it not all of them
though and you heard Ted Cruz sort of
equivocate there he knows better doesn't
he I think he probably does I'm honestly
I'm surprised he has taken to walking
away quickly in most of these situations
so the fact that he did feel as though
he had to fill some of that silence I
think is pretty telling but you know
this is this is exactly why I mean what
you just saw there is exactly why Rudy
Giuliani was on the shows over the
weekend saying there's no way well you
know we're not gonna do this you know I
mean he essentially dismissed or tried
to at least walk back some of the claims
in that memo by saying look this is
politically impossible I think it was
chris Christie who said over the weekend
it would be political suicide and that
is why I mean how if you are Republican
who has you know these guys would call
themselves constitutional conservatives
it's very difficult leap to make that's
incredible Jo jump in well I just say
you look at every one of these these
people Mike Barnicle it's interesting
that Ted Cruz claims expert status when
he's debating guns even when he's
refuses to answer a law that is that is
obvious if you just have actually read
Supreme Court decisions over the past
decade and then when you tried to point
that out to him he tells you well I'm an
expert in constitutional law why I even
argued before the Supreme Court and then
he's asked a basic question that any
first-year law student would know the
answer to president can't pardoning
himself the Justice Department declared
as much in 1974 and it's the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee he said if Rudy
Giuliani suggesting that then he should
you know he should probably fire Rudy
Giuliani
but Ted Cruz all these other guys that
just can't answer the question
they just can't answer the obvious
question it is so painful to watch
Joe you're right I mean I think it was
within two weeks or maybe a week of
president former President Nixon's
resignation that the Justice Department
did issue an opinion saying that a
president does not have the right to
pardon himself but now all of these
years later I mean in retrospect what
happened in 1974 compared to what has
happening today 1974 was an absolute
Profile in Courage for the Republican
Party compared to what's going on today
both in the Senate and the house were
you hear nothing nothing from the
Republicans about blatant disregard for
elements of the Constitution about the
norms of our system and about the
functions of our government specifically
the Justice Department and the attacks
on the Justice Department by the
president United States which leads I
think a lot of people to really believe
that this is all going to come down with
each passing day with each passing tweet
this is all going to come down to the
judiciary to see if the judiciary in
this country works are we a
constitutional government and as the
judiciary going to have to make the
final opinion on whether we're living
under a republic or a monarchy
now Jeremy bash I don't I I just I've
got to believe that I said this last
night at some point in his life Donald
Trump a man who doesn't really read
books but maybe there was a comic book
version of the art of war that he
stumbled across and he had to maybe read
the part of it where it said that when
you weren't your weakest appear to be at
your strongest his lawyers I don't care
what people are telling Axios or anybody
else this lawyers know that every one of
Donald Trump's claims of absolute power
on pardoning on shutting down
investigations on on on not having to
testify if subpoenaed they know that's
all ridiculous I I don't know I'm just
curious do you think that they're going
a good lawyer would allow them to get to
the Supreme Court and have the Supreme
Court rule against the president United
States time and time again or you think
at the end of the day they figure out
how to work with
and do the interview I don't know Joe I
sort of have been thinking for a while
they do want to fight this out in the
judiciary because it gives the president
the ability to kind of take it to the
court of public opinion where the
president feels most comfortable I think
I agree with Mike that the judiciary
could reign in the executive here but
probably on the limited issue of whether
or not the president will be forced to
comply with a subpoena from the grand
jury I think actually the president
would lose that case I don't know if the
cut that the supreme court would reach
the ultimate issue of the power of the
pardon but there's a broader political
context here which Casey raised which is
you know everyone is arguing that it
would be political suicide for the
president to do it really I mean isn't
that the time when the president this
president loves to kind of take the
fight he loves to say I've defied all
the political odds before kind of dare
me so I don't know really if they are
listening to political advisors like
Lindsey Graham or Chuck Grassley in this
context thanks for checking out MSNBC on
YouTube and make sure you subscribe to
stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more 4 Morning
Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
