Steve Rattner let's talk about this
storm what here we are we're in
mid-october we're having storms that you
usually see at least where I'm from you
usually see these sort of storms if they
hit you're gonna see them late August
September may be the first week of
October early but the storms are getting
more powerful they're coming at us more
quickly
talk to us about it you've got this
charted out talk to us about the
intensity of these storms getting
stronger well I can show you the data
and maybe Bill Karin's can weigh in if
he wants on the reasons but it's
everybody's impression that these storms
are coming more often each year is true
and so if you take a look at a chart
that we put together you can see that at
the bottom there's a there's a black
line this is the average from 1980 until
2018 of the number of storms that cause
a billion dollars of damage or not and
the annual average during this period is
six so they've been an average of six
storms of severe intensity per year and
this is basically across a calendar year
so you start in January and as the year
goes on you have storms it gets to be
more and more if you look at what's up
at the top here you can see that all
these storms up here all these major
storms have all occurred in the last few
years in 2012 when we of course had move
of course had Sandy in 2008 in 2016 and
then you can see over here the red line
which is where we are now and that you
can see we're also on track to have a
number of storms that are well well
above the national average so again I
would defer to the meteorologist as to
why this is happening but the data is
very clear that the number of storms is
much higher in the last five years we've
averaged 11.6 major storms compared to
six on average since 1980 and then if
you want to look quickly at the cost of
these storms you can see what happens
which is that which is again that you
have a black line at the bottom which is
the long-term average of a relatively
small amount of damage and then you have
so far two really major breakout years
2005 which was Katrina
and you have 2011 which was sorry 2017
which was Harvey Irma and Maria and you
can see those up here as huge numbers as
well now obviously we don't yet have
data on what the damage under this car
cane season will be yet but you can see
those two years were wildly above
anything we've experienced in the past
yeah well if you look at the data if you
look at the trend lines it's obvious
then we're getting more storms they're
they're more intense they're costing us
a lot more he's talking to a good friend
of mine who's a very good Republican a
very good conservative guy but he also
happens to be an executive with an
insurance company whose job it is to
handle risk management he said man it
doesn't matter how conservative you are
if you look at the data just this
century since 2000 and look at the
storms that are becoming more plentiful
they're becoming more intense and
they're costing billions and billions of
dollars every year it keeps getting
worse and his conclusion was and he's no
meteorologist but neither are we but he
said anybody that suggests there's not
climate change they need to come into my
office I'll show them the charts it is
climate change and it is costing the
country billions and billions of dollars
and remember Joe it's not just it's not
just hurricanes you've had wildfires in
the West you've had hail storms you've
had all kinds of other unusual weather
that we have not seen in the past yeah
and Willie thanks for checking out MSNBC
on YouTube and make sure you subscribe
to stay up-to-date on the day's biggest
stories and you can click on any of the
videos around us to watch more four
Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so much for
watching
