joining me now Bob Bauer was White House
Counsel to President Obama also our
panel Beth Phooey
NBC News senior politics editor John pot
horts editor at commentary magazine and
an MSNBC contributor and zolina Maxwell
former Clinton campaign adviser and an
MSNBC contributor Bob I do want to start
with you the president is arguing that
justice is whatever he says it is he's
arguing that he can pardon himself from
anything
he's got absolute power basically at the
Justice Department are those the
arguments that an innocent person makes
I don't know whether the arguments an
innocent person would make they're
certainly an argument innocent person
wouldn't want to make or wouldn't want
to be heard to make I want to point out
one key issue here the office of legal
counsel has held in an opinion which I
think is incorrect that the president is
protected from prosecution while still
in office President Trump is now taking
the position that for all intents and
purposes he's immune period both in and
outside of office because he takes the
position that he could pardon himself
and he could pardon for example
witnesses against him he would testify
against him after he left office for any
reason including outright
self-protection
so these claims are sweeping and they
apply not just the period that he's
president but beyond
Giuliani also takes it a step further
though he says that the president could
shoot somebody and he couldn't be
indicted it couldn't be prosecuted by
anybody that the only recourse would be
impeachment the only recourse is
Congress is that true the only recourse
is Congress if the president can
basically do whatever he wants without
fear of the law coming to get him no and
I think if you inspect the letter that
his lawyers put forward there's not a
convincing argument there rooted in any
sort of precedent or settled
constitutional history
it's simply incorrect I can't imagine
the President and his lawyers believe
that they could sell the courts on the
hypothetical that he has such
wide-ranging immunities that he could
murder somebody in cold blood in the
Oval Office and get away with it
maybe we're normalizing things but a
letter like that that the lawyers sent
to to Mulder's team arguing that he
can't be indicted he can't be subpoenaed
he can pardon himself the president
going on Twitter and saying I have the
absolute authority to pardon himself
that's
that's a pretty big deal and I think if
we very big deal I think if we saw any
other president do this democrat or
republican
heads would be exploding left and right
there will be people in the streets
there would be people in the streets
Congress is shrugging it off Republicans
in Congress seem to be shrugging
elements of it off they're saying no we
can't part in himself but they're kind
of shrugging off all of his Tantrums and
the lawyers push back are the voters
gonna shrug it off I still think that
you know the small contingent of people
that are never going to stop supporting
Donald Trump we talk about this every
week they're gonna stay with Donald
Trump but the vast majority of Americans
are hard are you know in staunchly in
their position against Donald Trump and
working to elect Democrats so it's not
just that it's 60% of the country that
is opposed to Donald Trump it's that
their enthusiasm is higher than 30
percent that does portraiture okay so
the weirdness is there is some merit in
the arguments that were made in the
letter but the letter is insane and
there's some merit in what Giuliani says
and Rudy is talking like a crazy person
but what I mean is Constitution says the
president has an absolute
plenipotentiary right to pardon it is it
is not qualified at all and the
Constitution also says that Congress has
the power to impeach and throw him out
of office for high crimes and
misdemeanors that are not precisely
defined meaning meaning that the the
founders foresaw that there was a
problem with the president in charge of
the executive branch because the powers
of the executive branch both flow
through the president as a person and
that Congress might have to step in and
kick him out of office if he did bad
stuff did they envision a president that
would go so far as to pardon himself but
as I say it Rudy even said this about
the shooting what he said was he'd shoot
many be immediately impeached or removed
from office and then he could be tried
there is a there is a weirdness in the
Constitution about the powers of the
presidency flowing into the president
about a president who would assert
it says that that what is interesting is
that there are no guardrails there are
no limits and there are no boundaries
right so what they are do what they goes
to or his people go to the most extreme
part of the argument rather than doing
what we would call a trial balloon which
is to say look you can try to subpoena
us but according to this precedent and
that thing and this other thing the
president doesn't have to comply with
the subpoena that he's issuing to
himself which is what is the idea that
the Justice Department works in the
press they failed to include
constitutional precedent for their
arguments there are say asserting
arguments using the unitary executive
theory not to get too legalistic but
that is something that you know people
assert but it's it's it's not backed up
by precedent there isn't you know you
know other president Wright ever go out
there and say I can pardon myself but
isn't isn't what what Trump and his
legal team we're trying to do here is is
is dared Mulder to do it just do it yeah
they're sick of waiting of the silence
the the way that this thing has drug out
as long as it has it's like finally
let's test let's test these theories
let's see what happens
and and and you know the confusion in
the end the disappointment though I
think coming from the Republican side is
he's not gonna do that he'll do it when
he's good and ready he's not ready yet
what about all the lying and where are
the Republicans when it comes to all of
the lying that is coming out of not just
Donald Trump's mouth but Sarah could be
Sanders mouth and the the lawyers mouth
in that letter that the lawyers sent to
Bob Muller and Bob I want your take on
this and that lawyer that the the lawyer
the letter the lawyer sent to Bob Muller
they said the president dictated the
Trump jr. statement before Jay Sekulow
Sarah Sanders everybody was saying Trump
had nothing to do with it here they are
in a letter admitting that that is not
true that Trump dictated that letter how
is that going to come back to haunt them
in a number of ways I mean first of all
I suspect it was a concession made
because Muller knew it anyway I don't
think they've decided to come forward
that information except that they were
certainly pressed into a corner where
they had no choice but second I would
view the president's involvement in that
Trump Tower a press statement as leading
to and raising a whole host of other
questions that he does not want to
answer right now
so he made that concession in a letter
in which he is essentially saying he
doesn't want to answer any further
questions he doesn't believe a further
interview was warranted but that
concession cries out for follow-up
questions if he was involved in drafting
a fallacious press statement about Don
juniors meeting with emissaries of the
Kremlin in June of 2016
the natural follow-up question that any
prosecutor would ask is when did you
know about that meeting who told you in
advance did you know in advance who
spoke to you afterwards we already know
there's some unanswered questions about
what he heard from his son and perhaps
others about that meeting this letter
only underscores the importance to the
prosecutor of asking those questions so
this concession in the letter simply
sets up the argument that he needs to
sit for that interview what were you
trying to cover up in drafting the false
statement that's a question that I
certainly would ask I'm not a prosecutor
but I would ask it and talking about the
truth and lying here's an issue that
that comes up from it from the president
denying something and turning out to be
true lawyers denying something and
turning out to be true Sara Huckabee
Sanders saying something that later
turns out to be false
including this this notion of the of the
Trump dictated statement a reporter
today in the White House press briefing
asked Sarah Sanders directly if you
can't comment on this now how do we know
that anything you're saying is the truth
when this has turned out to be a lie
when in the past she had said that
Donald Trump had nothing to do with
dictating or having anything to do with
that Trump jr. statement listen to this
exchange what's the reason for that
discrepancy like you said this is from a
letter from the outside counsel and I
direct you to them to answer that
question
what was your basis for saying it once
again I'm not gonna get into a
back-and-forth and I would encourage you
to reach out to the outside counsel how
can we believe what you're saying from
the podium as lawyers are saying it's
totally wack
once again I can't comment on a letter
from the president's outside counsel
direct you to them to answer it John
literally you said he did not dictate
the wall you said he did what is it
respond to a letter from the president's
outside council we purposely walled off
and I would refer you to them for
comment a little laughing in the studio
if you were laughing at that but it's
not that funny what can you believe that
Sarah had to be Sanders the best quickly
saying about Sarah Huckabee Sanders and
she said it before at her own defenses I
shared the information that has given to
me the best information I am given at
the time that she herself is misled so
it's not being lied to by them and and
but that goes back to the core for
credibility whether she's being told it
Rooney's information or just simply
sharing it off the top of her head it's
really hard to know how we could ever
believe anything look I am so I am old
enough to remember run Ziegler during
Watergate who was Nixon's press
secretary now these were not televised
briefings so you can only read them or
this happened every day for 16 or 17
months and Ziggler would said something
and then there were a piece of news
would break and then he would say well I
mean there was you know the information
on the ground has changed and and
da-da-da-da-da I mean this is the well
he did and did she have any credibility
when when has she had credibility we've
seen press Secretary's have to leave
their positions because they were proven
to be lies right I know you working back
to Nixon and Ziegler and the way they
did things yeah and some before but
after Nixon there were supposed to be
change and the way things were done but
it's 45 years later and you know what
people forget and we are having a great
relearning yeah some of this clearly but
you're only forced to leave your office
if the president says you're not helpful
anymore right and clearly this is the
press secretary he wants certainly the
president yrp yeah well someone who
doesn't tell the truth about that hello
youtubers if you're watching this it
means you've checked out our channel so
thank you now do me a favor subscribe by
clicking on that button down there click
on any of the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meat to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube
subscribe now
