we're gonna turn back now to what's
going on here in Washington over at the
White House at the president now adding
to a series of attacks against the top
Obama administration official you may
have seen it this weekend right
president Trump hitting Twitter to blast
out quotes from a conservative
commentator on Fox News who called
former CIA director John Brennan a liar
and said Brennan had disgraced himself
and the entire intelligence community
Brennan for his part has not held his
tongue during this administration and
now says he will continue to speak out
until quote integrity decency and wisdom
as he put it return to the White House
joining me here on set John Brennan
director Brennan thank you for being
with us here let me start with the
tweets from the president this weekend
quoting a conservative commentator who
called you a lying liar and I'm
paraphrasing here what went through your
mind when you saw those those Twitter
alerts for Donald Trump pop up attacking
you well first of all I thought was
rather hypocritical for Donald Trump to
call someone else a liar since he has
demonstrated time and time again that he
has no real compunction about telling
falsehoods so to the American people it
also underscores his hypersensitivity to
any criticism whatsoever and his
instinct to lash out and to then you
know start to criticize others who have
taken issue with him the president
tweeted this morning that he has the
power to pardon himself unequivocally
does he in your view well I think as
data Chris Abele said the constitutional
powers granted to the president for
pardon are quite broad it doesn't
exclude explicitly the president's
pardoning of himself but I think common
sense would indicate that the founding
fathers did not want the President of
the United States to pardon him for some
type of misdemeanors high crimes or
whatever she's also calling the Special
Counsel unconstitutional as you heard
Jeff Bennett explain at the top of the
show this is a year and a half after he
called for a special counsel to
investigate a political opponent is
there any universe in which the
president might be right here in your
view I don't believe so I think it's
certainly within the powers the
Department of Justice and in this case
the Deputy Attorney General rod
Rosenstein to call for a special counsel
to investigate what I think was a
egregious assault upon our democratic
foundations the electril process and so
Rosen Stein Bob Weller and others are
now looking into this and for the
president at this point to say it's on
Constitution
I think it just shows how worried he is
how fearful he is about what the special
counsel is uncovering and his tweets are
not the tweets of an innocent individual
so I think it really demonstrates just
how desperate he is getting grasping at
straws and rudy giuliani as well and
neither Rudi nor his boss
feel encumbered by facts truth or common
sense and so I think that's why they're
throwing these things out now to try to
get whatever traction among their base
as possible you do feel unencumbered it
seems to speak very freely about Donald
Trump and his attorneys why is that do
you feel that it's your moral obligation
I feels my responsibility as somebody
who served in this government for 33
years who served directly for presidents
I served under six presidents and I saw
the wisdom the decency the intellects as
well as the ethical standards that those
presidents as imperfect as they all were
really try to live by and I think Donald
Trump has been the the antithesis of
what the president our state should be
you've been accused by some conservative
commentators of having selective outrage
in this instance yeah as I've told
people I'm not a partisan I'm not a
Democrat Republican I have been roundly
condemned by the left and the right I
think my record shows that but I'm not
going to hesitate when I think that the
president the United States takes full
advantage of his oval office perch to
tell the American people lies and also
to try to protect himself and those
around him who may in fact be liable to
some type of actions in the part of the
Department of Justice you brought up
Rudy Giuliani you in some of his
comments including one he made over the
weekend in which he said the president
could and he was clearly making a
hypothetical comparison but he said the
president could shoot James Comey and
not in fact end up charged for it still
could not be indicted for it can a
president get away with murder well it
just shows how absurd these comments are
Rudy Giuliani and others so they're
using those types of examples and it
just underscores how surreal this these
16 months have been under Donald Trump
in the Oval Office and for Rudy Giuliani
to say something like that I think
should outrage all Americans and really
should worry us that mr. Trump and mr.
Giuliani are going to resort to whatever
tactics techniques and
constitutional powers that the president
might have to stop this special counsels
investigation you talk about people
being outraged but there are Americans
who will come to the president's defense
here who will come to Rudy Giuliani's
defense here when he makes these
comments when he talks about these
hypothetical examples what can you say
to those Americans if anything to to
convince them in the truth of what you
believe is your argument well I think
what do you believe that's a lost cause
well I don't and and in my op-ed that I
published in Washington Post this
weekend I said that there are millions
of Americans who have very legitimate
concerns about what their future holds
as far as this globalized world is
concerned they see the factories that
they that they were employed in and
their parents and grandparents were
employed in closing so there really are
some real significant challenges that
our government has to address and
unfortunately I think our politicians
and political parties of both stripes
have failed to fulfill those
responsibilities so I think a lot of
people believe that Donald Trump is you
know a new and fresh face to Washington
is going to do things differently but I
do think he's really selling false
promises to these people who are
grasping onto these hopes before I let
you go I want to talk about where we
will be next week in Singapore for the
summit but maybe Donald Trump and Kim
Jung do you think it's not gonna happen
I don't know but we go back and forth
and you know there's a fickleness here
that I think we'll see what happens on
the 12th kim yeongcheol at the Oval
Office we saw those images we saw him
walking up to the White House a couple
days ago what did you make of that as
somebody who knows this man as somebody
who knows kim yeongcheol and what he has
been capable of well I think it
demonstrates how much Kim Jon wants to
have this summit so he can share the
global stage one-on-one with the
president I states that's a tremendous
political coup on the part of the North
Korean leader and I think by sending kim
yeonwoo coal here is a way for Kim
jong-un to say I want this meeting to
happen and again using flattery with mr.
Trump I think it winds them a lot of
points was it a mistake director for
Donald Trump to pose with kim yong-chul
smiling holding let her hold him in
envelope
yeah well I think it was very
unprecedented but that's something that
we shouldn't be surprised at I think
this whole affair has really just
demonstrated how inexperienced and inept
Donald Trump is and handling these very
very serious matters of State thank you
for checking out our YouTube channel why
don't you subscribe it's really easy
just click on that button
down there and for more news from MSNBC
click on any of these videos here for
the latest interviews and highlights you
can get more videos from MSNBC with our
newsletters head over to msnbc.com slash
newsletters to sign up
