sometimes there are certain things you
want the people around you to go ahead
and tell you even if it's embarrassing
like if your zippers down
right or if you have spinach in your
front teeth or if for Pete's sakes
you are the President of the United
States and you are haplessly ascending
the stairs of Air Force One with wait
for it what it wait what is that what
what is wait a second is that toilet
paper is that what is that a napkin what
is that on the bottom of issue cameras
are clicking and rolling turns around
and waves I know you're all look at him
I mean even if this went perfectly right
the whole world would later see this
image of you on the stairs but because
you're stumping up there with those four
pieces of Charmin stuck on to your foot
this image will be everlasting this look
this will be historic I was absolutely
sure that was a fake when those images
first came out but that was totally real
President of the United States
literally tamp trailing a gigantic piece
of toilet paper on his shoe onto Air
Force One after that happened this month
in real life to the president part of
what everybody wondered was why nobody
told him right
I mean maybe best-case scenario nobody
around the president saw the paper stuck
to his shoe until he had climbed to the
stairs and maybe it fell off before he
actually got on the plane I don't know
maybe they maybe they all did see it but
they thought it would be hilarious and
they were all laughing at him behind his
back maybe nobody saw it until it was
already happening and he was halfway up
the stairs and the cameras were already
clicking they were afraid it would be
more embarrassing if they ran after the
president took the paper off his and we
don't know but after seeing this new
news story that just broke tonight in
the New York Times the story that would
be the dominant story in the country
tonight if it weren't for the most
famous Democrats in the country and CNN
all getting bombs in the mail today
now because of this news story in The
New York Times tonight I am willing to
float an entirely different theory about
the president and the paper stuck to his
shoe but here's the story that The Times
just broke this is the headline when
Trump phones friends the Chinese and the
Russians listen and learn quote when
President Trump call
old friends on one of his iPhones to
gossip gripe or solicit their latest
take on how he's doing
American intelligence reports indicate
that Chinese spies are often listening
and putting to use invaluable insights
into how to best work the president and
affect administration policy quote mr.
Trump's aides have repeatedly warned him
that his cellphone calls are not secure
but aides say the president has still
refused to give up his iPhones White
House officials say they can only hope
he refrains from discussing classified
information when he is on those calls so
the idea here in this new New York Times
report that's just dropped tonight is
that the president is sitting around
talking on his personal phone and on any
given day for any conversation spies for
China are listening to those calls
they're totally not secure calls totally
open to foreign countries listening to
them and recording all of them
presumably since they're recording them
they could also doctor those recordings
and release them to the world as if the
president said something he didn't
actually say or they could release what
he actually said who knows what would be
more scandalous but but what US
intelligence has further turned up is
that China is using what they're hearing
on these calls to come up with new ways
to manipulate the US President to
China's advantage the American public
has already known that the president has
kept his personal phone right the
Beltway press has a whole bunch of
references to White House staffers and
friends wishing somebody would take away
the president's phone so it would stop
tweeting things late at night to create
political messes blah blah blah right
we've had the president and his phone as
a story line already but what's in the
New York Times tonight this is new quote
American spy agencies the official said
had learned that China and Russia were
eavesdropping on the president's cell
phone calls from human sources inside
foreign governments and intercepted
communications between foreign officials
the Chinese have pieced together a list
of people with whom mr. Trump regularly
speaks in hopes of using them to
influence the president among those on
the list are Stephen Schwarzman the
chief executive of the Blackstone Group
and Steve Wynn the former Las Vegas
casino magnate who stepped down from his
company after serious sexual misconduct
allegations earlier the Shi
both men who frequently speak with the
president have a history of major
business ties in China that's very handy
for the Chinese government right quote
the Chinese are now relying on Chinese
businessmen and others with ties to
Beijing to feed arguments to the Trump
friends quote the strategy is that these
people will pass on what they're hearing
and that Beijing's views will eventually
be delivered to the president by trusted
voices you know how the president still
and now other Republicans - they get
crowds Republican crowds to scream lock
her up lock her up at rallies and events
about Hillary Clinton what that is
supposedly about is about her using a
private email server when she was
Secretary of State oh the horror
well now we know that as president even
though his staff have told him foreign
spy agencies can listen in to all his
calls if he uses his private phone he's
still using his private phone so the
Chinese according to American
intelligence reports the Chinese are now
not only listening in as calls they're
using what they're obtaining from the
fact that they're listening in on his
calls to manipulate him and to
manipulate US policy to their advantage
now there is one little silver lining
that The Times is reporting tonight one
little upside in this story here it is
quote administration officials say they
have confidence the president has not
been spilling secrets because he rarely
digs into the details of the
intelligence he has shown and he is not
well versed in the operational specifics
of military or covert activities see you
can't leak what you don't know he
doesn't actually pay attention to his
briefings he doesn't read so the good
news is he doesn't know all that much
super-secret stuff or he doesn't
understand it when we tell him there's
no chance he could repeat it are you
kidding me when he's telling everything
he knows to the Chinese government the
best hope for American national security
is that maybe he just doesn't know that
much if US intelligence and the White
House knows he has this problem with
China and apparently Russia as well
listening into his private calls the
president's staff knows he has this
problem
why is he still talking on his private
phone first of all and why tonight our
administration officials talking about
this to the New York Times quote mr.
Trump's use of his iPhones was detailed
by several current and former officials
who spoke on the condition of anonymity
so they could discuss classified
intelligence and sensitive security
arrangements the officials said they
were doing so meaning they were talking
to The Times tonight not to undermine
mr. Trump but out of frustration with
what they considered to be the president
the president's casual approach to
electronic security so for the store the
officials who were talking to The Times
about this the story tonight this is
their way of like tugging on the
president's leave sir there's a problem
right they've been telling him in
private that there's a security issue
here he does not care so now they're
telling him in big bold letters in the
newspaper right in this case this is
them telling him hey sir you got all
gallo spinach in your teeth and he's
like oh yeah get me a poppy seed bagel
see if I can get some of that stuck in
there too right they're telling him sir
you've got four pieces of Charmin on
your left shoe and he's like cool how
about some more on the other foot -
think we can get like six or eight
pieces to stick I mean they've been
warning and this is a security problem I
know this is embarrassing serpent you
really can't use a private phone and
he's like whatever I mean when you are
warned that adversaries of the United
States are listening to your calls as
president and using that surveillance to
manipulate you for the for the advantage
of those foreign company foreign
countries and the president doesn't care
and he keeps doing it anyway what do you
do with that this is this is more than
worrying this is weird right I mean how
does this get fixed
hey they're armed cruisers from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
