start of this week believe it or not
marks 500 days of the Trump
administration and the Muller
investigation rolls on with it this
Sunday morning we were presented with an
evolving posture from the White House
there was the scripture of a secret
legal memo that the New York Times
revealed and then there was the sermon
of how Rudy Giuliani framed it on the
sunday shows the document written by
John Dowd and Jay Sekulow before
Giuliani joined the team asserts that
the president could end the Special
Counsel investigation doesn't need to
sit for an interview with robert muller
could ignore a subpoena and depending on
how you interpret it could potentially
even pardon himself but pressed to
defend those claims Rudy Giuliani was
not exactly preaching fire and brimstone
you're making a case that he didn't
obstruct are you making a case that a
president cannot obstruct justice well I
don't like you know I'm a lawyer I'm
sort of a conservative lawyer in a legal
sense and I don't like going to an
argument we don't have to get to you
don't have to get to that argument you
might want to say he has very broad
powers do you and the president's
attorneys believe the president has the
power to pardon himself he's not but he
probably does he has no intention of
pardoning himself but really interesting
constitutional argument and the
president pardoned himself it's not
gonna happen
so it's a hypothetical point is this a
veiled threat to Muller hey buddy you
push it too far look what we could do we
could end your probe well you're not
asking the guy who wrote the memo right
fair enough I'm not sure I would have
written that Chuck I I think it's a
hollow what sort of a hollow promise
almost impractical you know the guy the
President of the United States pardoning
himself would just be unthinkable and it
would it would lead to probably an
immediate impeachment but as with
everything what it really comes down to
is what does the president believe
joining me on set Washington anchor for
BBC News kETK national political
reporter for The Washington Post an
MSNBC political analyst Robert Costa
White House correspondent for PBS
Newshour you me shall sindoor Pulitzer
prize-winning
Washington correspondent for the New
York Times an MSNBC contributor Charlie
Savage and joining from me from New York
is vice chairman of public affairs for
Edelman an MSNBC contributor Steve
Schmidt and his debut on KCDC Steve it's
great to have you it's all great to have
all of my panel here in DC as well and
Charlie Savage I want to start with you
on this because you were part of the
team that unveiled what we have now been
talking about all weekend which is this
behind-the-scenes memo the work we've
been picking apart kind of the details
of this but we were talking right before
we went on the air about what you think
the most important broad takeaway here
is and that is kind of the sweeping
constitutional challenges here that's
right so this memo is a top-to-bottom
set of you know legal claims factual
claims arguments why he didn't obstruct
justice couldn't obstruct justice and so
forth but the one in it that's really
breathtaking and that makes all the rest
of them not matter if it's true is this
vision of a president who wields
absolute unreviewable control over the
Justice Department over the machinery of
federal law enforcement as a result he
can shut down or direct or close any
investigation he wants and he can pardon
anyone he wants even if his the evidence
shows that his motivation for doing so
was corrupt and self-serving it doesn't
matter
Congress's law against obstruction of
justice cannot touch the president and
you know the implications of that are so
profound it harkens back to the Nick
Sounion when the President does it he
can't be illegal because of his unique
role in our society right and it's not
just a defense you know it's it's a
being used as a defense here well I
didn't do this Badfinger you can't come
after me for it but if that is true it
is justification for offensive use of
the Justice Department - he can open as
he's threatened to do he can open and or
you know IRS audits or whatever and
that's just if the law cannot touch him
dois has nothing to say about that it's
impeachment or nothing and that's the
system of American government we live in
according to the lawyers who are
whispering in the ear of the President
of the
States Steve Schmidt I enjoyed your
Twitter thread last night on this topic
I care to take us through what your view
is of this memo well this is a very
serious moment and Kacie we have to look
at this in a couple of different aspects
first this is a president who lies
constantly thousands of times on the
year
in fact the lies accumulating seem to
suggest that objective truth is being
challenged by this president that what's
true is what the leader believes is true
or tells us is true despite what reality
may or may not be secondly we have a
president who routinely talks about
locking up political opponents talks
about locking up journalists talks about
locking up anybody who disagrees with
him and lastly this memo declares I am
the law above the law that the president
if he so chooses as Charlie pointed out
can use the Justice Department to
investigate political opponents and that
there is no boundary to the execution of
the president's power and we have to
understand how antithetical that is to
liberal democracy as a concept and how
deeply on American it is the greatness
of George Washington was that he was the
first person in thousands of years who
could have been a king could have been
an emperor and he said no I will be a
president with limited powers and after
a time of service I'll go home he
established a precedent that the
institution is bigger than the man that
the system is bigger than the office and
that the constitutional democracy
bequeathed to all of us by our founders
and paid for with the blood of patriots
for 200 plus years Donald Trump is
asserting that he's no longer a
president but in fact a king whose
powers are unlimited that is the plain
meaning of this legal memo it is the
singularly most disturbing thing ever
articulated by an agent of a president
of the United States with regard to
presidential power
for exceeding any claims that richard
nixon once made about the power of his
office caddy k what's your view on what
steve is laying out it's not exactly
government by the people or government
for the people right the concept that's
laid out in this message you don't even
have to go back as far as the War of
Independence to see the anomalies in
what the Trump legal team is proposing
here there are plenty of Republican
senators who in the late 90s decided
that actually President could be charged
with obstruction of justice
Jeff Sessions being one of them who also
said that President Clinton had said
that he was not the subject of the civil
legal system because he was present to
the United States and Jeff Sessions view
was that the Supreme Court did not agree
with that as an argument so yes this
isn't an anomaly in the American system
of American exceptionalism rests on that
bad idea of George Washington in the way
the reason I'm not actually sure that
the monarch of Great Britain would put
themselves as being the law and above
the law in the way that the president's
day and age bob costas let's explore a
little bit
Trump's legal team here obviously it's
evolved Rudy Giuliani was not one of the
authors of that memo he's new to the
team since but how are the dynamics
playing out I mean he seemed he didn't
want to take the memo to its logical
conclusion if you read between the lines
you look at it it could be interpreted
to say the president could pardon
himself in the event that there was a
crime that Mullard were to charge him
with Giuliani says no no we're never
going to go there that would be
political suicide inside of the
president's legal team going back months
whether it was John Dowd or now mayor
Giuliani you had this belief that the
president could dance between the
raindrops on the Russia collusion aspect
of the special federal investigation at
the same time they've always been
worried about the obstruction of justice
aspect of this investigation so when you
go to this memo that Charlie and his
colleagues sharply reported today you go
back to how Giuliani has been on TV
talking through it's really about
countering the idea of obstruction of
justice and how do they
they asserted time and again by talking
about executive power and as long as
they underscore that they feel the
president's in the clear and it's a
little bit of a different strategy right
than collusion I mean on the collusion
side they have simply gone out there
asserted no collusion no collusion no
collusion but in this instance they seem
to be laying out a legal argument as the
president's conduct is under scrutiny
with the obstruction of justice piece or
when it comes to the trial of former
campaign chairman Paul Mann at 4:00 we
didn't really know Paul he wasn't really
involved for a long time or George
papadopolis he was just a coffee fetcher
on the campaign they can move away from
the individuals who really understood me
honor the Russia interference part but
this is the the report that's likely to
come out this summer if the president
does or does not sit for an interview
with Muller is about his conduct hmm you
me shouts endure one thing that stuck
out to me in you know Giuliani series of
interviews this morning was that he kept
saying you know it would be you know
impossible we would never go there I
mean I'm gonna play a little bit we have
some sound of chris Christie and Dan
Abrams talking about this on ABC and
then I'll ask you about it Rudy left
open the possibility of the president
pardoning himself even though he says he
doesn't expect him to do it he would
have the right to do it listen there's
no way that will happen and the reason
it won't is because then becomes a
political problem George if the
president were to pardon himself he'll
get impeached I think would be
outrageous for sitting president United
States the product that the president
decided that he was going to pardon
himself I think that's almost self
executing impeachment whether or not
there's a there's a minor legal argument
that some law professor somewhere in a
legal journal can make that the
president can part if that's not what
the framers could have intended that's
what the American people I think would
be able to stand for and juliani the
president's lawyer to also saying it
would be politically impossible for us
to for the president to pardon himself
it reminded me of you know this
president when he was running for office
said you know I could shoot people on
Fifth Avenue my supporters would still
be with me there does seem to be a
calculation that you know we haven't
been able to figure out where that line
is what can this president do that would
cause people to turn against him there
seems to be a consensus that pardoning
himself would in fact cross that line
well I'll say two things the first is
that this also reminds me of Sarah
Sanders when people asked her constantly
this
president gonna fire Robert mother is he
gonna get rid of this investigation she
says well what would you guys all right
about wouldn't that be bad we would be
in this kind of crisis so there's also a
line that they've drawn there at least
right now so I think that what you see
is a president who's trying to keep on
to his political will and trying to get
his supporters not to completely abandon
him so they are kind of hedging on this
idea that like okay pardoning myself
would be pretty terrible however when I
talk to people who say would this
president go to jail or pardoned himself
who among us what if you were if you had
the power as a just as a human being to
keep yourself out of prison or to stay
in office and hope that maybe after you
get out of out after you get our office
that you might actually be charged with
a crime
who wouldn't pardon themselves to me as
a reporter it's in some ways common
sense but sources close to the president
are true they say that this is nothing
that the president would want to do it's
not something that he's looking into but
I just think that if the president I
think it mostly people have talked to
you think that he would pardon his son
his sentence his son in law that if he
is backed up against the wall and really
has a case against him why wouldn't he
pardon himself
I mean caddy K it seems like I mean I
I'm not sure that there is a line that
this president wouldn't be willing to
cross yeah I mean to the point about his
supporters you know abandoning him
actually the evidence is that his
supporters are growing when it comes to
public opinion on the on the whole
Russia investigation and the number of
people who feel that this is politically
motivated that whether they are winning
the legal case here they are certainly
winning the public opinion case I mean
if this is going to be a political issue
American voters increasingly believe
that there is an element of witch-hunt
about this over 50% now believe that
this is politically motivated and that's
critical for the president it's working
for him just a that's point is so right
because this White House looks at it as
a public battle and talking about the
last Clinton digit as President Clinton
did because they and look what happened
in the 1998 elections the Democrats
thought the Republicans overplayed their
hand and when you talk about the lines
the president doesn't cross he hasn't
crossed the line yet by firing mulher
sheriff fires Rosen Stein you talked to
people who know the president they say
he still feels Bern but what happened
with firing a former FBI director James
Comey interesting okay
Steve Schmidt what's your what's your
view on you know what the president
might be willing to do here or not I
mean to Bob's point he hasn't fired
Rosenstein he hasn't fired
Bob Muller pardoning himself it seems
like would be the next kind of iteration
of that but again you know I I still I
still feel like you know the whims of
this president go back and forth
sometimes so wildly I I'm not convinced
that his staff can keep him on a track I
think as he's increasingly cornered his
behavior will be increasingly erratic
and I think he'll burn everything down
to save himself and I think that his
desperation has become more clear as
this investigation has moved closer and
closer to the Oval Office fundamentally
this letter is deserving of a response
from every elected official in this
country who has taken an oath of
fidelity to the Constitution of the
United States
the legal argument is an assault on the
concepts of the American Republic and on
the concepts of liberal democracy it is
that serious and what we know for sure
is there won't be a single Republican
member of Congress who lays out an
argument tomorrow morning that says this
is too far this is a dangerous argument
this is an anti-american argument and
his strategy is quite clear Donald Trump
is using mass rallies where he lies
throughout them to incite a base to a
level of fervor where they suspend what
is clearly true before their eyes where
they accept truth as what the leader
says is true and where they join
together in a shared sense of
victimization this is all out of
autocrat 101 it is fundamentally a
liberal and everywhere you look in the
world whether it's Poland whether it's
hungry whether it's the rise of
nationalist parties in Germany in
England in France the tactics are
exactly the same and it is disturbing to
see it playing out in the United States
of America
political leadership of this country
whether they're Republicans or Democrats
liberals or conservatives if you have
fidelity to liberal democracy it's
important I think to speak out and
reject the premise of this argument
which is as far out there as anything
we've ever seen in the country's history
with regard to the power of the
President the power of the presidency
and our system is constrained it's
checked there are three co-equal
branches of government this is an
assault on that concept and I think this
president would do anything anything to
save himself or to save family members
from this investigation which at every
single stage has proven that whatever
this administration is said is going on
in fact has proven not to be the case
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
