I think for these situations to work you
have to not want the deal too much if
you fall in love with the deal
and it's too important for you to get it
and the details become less significant
you could get snookered when the fate of
the Korean Peninsula and maybe the world
hangs on whether Donald Trump can avoid
being snookered by a brutal and
unpredictable dictator we might be in
trouble on Friday Trump announced that
his on-again off-again summit with Kim
jong-un on June 12th is back on after
Kim sent him a really big letter a
letter was given to me by purposely
didn't open the letter I didn't open it
in front of the director I said would
you want me to open it you said you can
read it later I may be in for a big
surprise folks on again Afghan did II
didn't joining me now sue me Terry
former CIA analysts on Korea Korean
issues do hyun kim research fellow at
the korean peninsula future forum and
washington post opinion columnist
jennifer rubin all thank you very much i
want to go to each of you right now and
ask this question as things stand right
now
is President Trump being snookered
Jennifer let me start with you and then
we'll go reverse order I think so he's
already said that he's not going to
impose a new round of sanctions he's
already giving this guy a prominent
position on the world stage without
really pinning down what
denuclearization means for the North
Koreans and I think we're headed for a
disaster
my fond hope is that it never happens do
young yes president Trump really has his
work cut out for him Kim jong-un knows
these issues insight outs president
Trump apparently does not these issues
are very complex and so my concern is
he's just going to go in for the show
for the publicity
when the stakes are really high and this
really is this really might be our last
chance to have a negotiated settlement
of the nuclear issue and he really
should not walk in taking these issues
lately sue I think do units absolutely
right North Korea is completely just
focused on us we need to be prepared and
I'm not sure we are kim youngchul the
guy who came to the White House with
that big letter he's been part of this
negotiation process since 1992 this
guy's been around for a very long time
besides Kim jong-un being totally
prepared I'm concerned that President
Trump might give away too much when he
actually sits down with Kim Jong
well to your point sue me about the
president giving away too much he was
asked a question about maximum pressure
is maximum pressure over let's take a
listen to his response to the reporter's
question it's gonna remain what it is
now I don't even want to use the term
maximum pressure anymore because I don't
want to use that term because we're
getting along you see the relationship
we're getting it's not a question of
maximum pressure staying essentially the
way it is at some point hopefully a deal
for the good of millions of people a
deal will be working so sue me define
maximum pressure and why that's why that
is so important well that's really
pressing the Kim jong-un regime through
sanctions and even the talk of the
military strike there's a lot of
pressure both financially and even
military threat to really pressure Kim
jong-un but Kim Jong go through the
diplomacy and symmetry for the past few
months it's already has already loosened
up the sanctions he made with Xi Jinping
twice and on the Chinese front there's
reports that the sanctions are not being
implemented right now while there's a
loosening of that already and because of
all this diplomacy symmetry now the risk
of conflict has gone down sanctions
implementation is going to be harder to
do and President himself said he's not
gonna add more sanctions so I think
maximum pressure is already weakening
all right so and that's maximum pressure
now there's the issue of human rights
let's take a listen to what the
President had to say about that question
good yeah could be I I think we probably
will and maybe a great detail we did not
talk about human rights beyond how
surprising is that that the President of
the United States did not talk with a
high-ranking North Korean official about
human rights you know it's surprising
and yet we're dealing with President
Trump so it's also not surprising again
you know it's unclear actually it's
apparent that he does not understand the
full extent of the complexities of these
issues my concern really is that like
Sumi said he might give away too much
I'm concerned that he might be inclined
to declare peace and sign a peace treaty
even before denuclearization because it
might sound good and it might be a
historical legacy and so at this
upcoming summit he really needs to walk
away with a clear understanding an
agreement with Kim jong-un on the very
fundamentals what does denuclearization
mean what is a scope what is a pace
and also he needs to clarify exactly
what Kim jong-un wants in a form of
security guarantees so again you know he
really has his work cut out for him and
he needs to enter into these
negotiations with clear eyes and not on
just a show sue me you wanted to jump in
on on human the human rights you know
just asking you know kumin kim youngchul
was in the white house this is a guy who
was also responsible or the mastermind
behind the Chanin sinking the sinking of
South Korean Corvette that killed 46
sailors Sony hacking the young film
South Korean island shelling and you
know guys who see overseas like what
sort of political prison camps that's
200,000 people they'll improve local
prison camps so human rights issues very
important I do hope that President Trump
actually raises this issue when he sits
down with Jennifer why is a guy why is a
guy like the ones who me just talked
about one meeting with the President of
the United States and to doing so in the
Oval Office because these people are
fools because they allow it to happen
because they are signaling that they are
completely head over heels with the
notion of a
rather than the outcome just think for a
minute Jonathan what my conservative
friends would be saying if this were
President Obama right meeting with a
human rights abusers saying we're
getting along great we're not getting
along great
Trump mistakes the pleasantries of
diplomacy with the actual interests of
the country
nothing has changed they have not agreed
to denuclearization we have reason to
believe that that explosion of the plant
was phony they continue to maintain
labor camps and slaughter millions of
their own people through starvation
programs so if this is purely a problem
I think of our own making and I don't
know what is gonna happen when he gets
in the room and he thinks he can just
jump in and make a great deal a great
breakthrough I've joked that I wish Mike
Pompeo would come with a roll of masking
tape and some sharp elbows because he's
gonna have to control this guy in a
meeting with people who are extremely
savvy and not to raise human rights is a
big give for the United States it is
lessening the pressure on them it's
something they don't want to talk about
imagine how powerful it'd be if the
first thing they did when they walked in
the room was talk about human rights as
opposed to talk about what the North
Koreans want to talk about right well
sue me let me come to you because you
brought this up a couple of times and
that is the the diplomatic efforts on
the part of the North Korean leader Kim
jong-un around he's met with Xi Jingping
China
not directly but he's had his
preliminary meetings with the President
of the United States what what is going
on with North Korea does he does Kim
jong-un believe that he is now a world
stage player as a result of the
attention showered on him by President
Trump no that's exactly right he wants
to be a normal modern leader of a modern
nation now he wants all that legitimacy
and he has met with Xi Jinping twice
remembered remember the photo ops it
made him look good right in wrexham you
look like a normal leader with his
beautiful wife and she should being an
is what made with South Korean president
multiple times hosted of Russia how
could I forget meeting with
so of course and he wants international
acceptance as a normal country with the
nuclear weapons he wants at that
Pakistan model he wants a legitimacy
more than anything and real quickly Dion
let me ask you has has North Korean
leader Kim jong-un already won as a
result of what Sumi is just talking
about well you know he's doing very well
and he's racking up the points since
January first his game has always been a
peace offensive to build the persona of
the leader of a responsible normal
nuclear power and a peace-loving nuclear
power with nuclear weapons and so he's
definitely gaming the system he knows
how to gain the system he will continue
to negotiate hard to keep his nukes he
will be savvy he will know how to pull
tricks to loosen as many sanctions as
possible along the way by dangling bait
in front of South Korea even China and
so really President Trump needs to have
his a game on when he goes into this
summit all right sue me Terry and do
young Kim thank you very much for being
here Jennifer Rubin we'll see you a
little bit later coming up John Boehner
tries to separate Donald Trump from the
Republican Party I bet I can show you
why he's wrong
hey thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
