in Texas and in Florida we get an A+ and
I'll tell you what I think we've done
just as good in Puerto Rico and it's
actually a much tougher situation no
nope the Trump administration does not
deserve an A+ for the recovery in Puerto
Rico more like an F especially as Puerto
Rico faces a new hurricane season while
still grappling with the effects of
Hurricane Maria last September which was
much more deadly than we realized a new
Harvard study found that four thousand
six hundred and forty five people died
as a result of the hurricane and calls
the government's official toll of 64
deaths a substantial underestimate of
the true burden of mortality and joining
me now is Gabby Acevedo reporter for NBC
4 here in New York and Telemundo's San
Juan Bureau
gobby give us a sense of where Puerto
Rico is now in terms of power being back
on in terms of people being back to
somewhat of a normal life before we get
to that devastating report about the
death toll thank you Joe and good
morning it's my pleasure and honor to
share this information with your viewers
where are we were as far as the power
grid fragile very fragile after the
hurricane we've had four major power
outages one of those left a million
citizens without power so definitely
fragile the the power grid is not
getting better it's not improving we
need to remember this the power grid is
being restored to what was before here
Hakeem Aria so there's no improvement on
that end and we don't have redundancy
lines what they call those secondary
lines that feed and distribute energy so
it's very fragile and even for those who
have energy they're gonna see
interruptions in that service I'm one of
them I'm a resident that has seen
recently just this week a service
interrupted and as far as people who
haven't had electricity back from
Hurricane Maria or Irma remember that
because two weeks before Maria September
6 you might also took power out for a
lot a huge part of the island I say
around 13 to 14 thousand consumers also
remember a consumer may have two or
three more members of their family on
the household so 14,000 consumers can
turn into more than 24 30,000 citizens
mostly in the mountain areas in the east
Valley and in the southeast corridor of
the island which was impacted first by
Hurricane Maria and Gabby you know the
that you know that is challenging enough
but then when you get this Harvard study
that says that the death toll is not 64
people it was four thousand six hundred
and forty five people can you give me a
me a sense give our viewers a sense of
what those deaths were down to was this
the flooding was it you know is there a
sense of where that death toll came from
was it just the actual hurricane and
people who died in it what what do you
think it you know what are you hearing
that it was well that's a very good
question enjoy because we're not talking
about the impact per se we're not
talking about that September 20th people
died because of the impact we're talking
about medical service interruption which
the story revealed that thirty percent
of the medical service interruption
affected residents in Puerto Rico we're
talking about access to roads most of
the roads around Porto Rico rural areas
did not have a way to get the citizens
who needed the help he had to be by air
that's when the army and at the air
force on the court and the National
Guard and the Coast Guard came in
eventually seven eight days after the
fact so those first days a lot of people
were disconnected from medical services
no electricity no connectivity that's
important at least 90% of the island was
completely blacked out from connectivity
with cellphone an Internet service so to
get to people and to know where the
emergency was was a very big challenge
in those days so those deaths you can
attribute them to the fact that a lot of
elderly people the poor people in Puerto
Rico they live in those areas that were
disconnected from the emergency those
people in the mountains those people in
the southeast those people who live next
to the rivers and obviously floodings
and obviously what we call that the
terrain movements that happen in the
mountains all those mudslides that cover
people and we saw some cases that died
actually in the September 20th due to
mudslides that covered their homes yeah
and Carmen Julian Cruz who is the mayor
of San Juan has been very blunt and
saying that she believes the Trump
administration has been derelict and not
facing the truth about what happened on
the island is that a general consensus
among people that you talk with
it's a very tricky question joy because
first off we have to be thankful to
those federal responders and to those
first responders who came from the US
mainland who are still here to this day
I mean when you criticize on where you
send a negative opinion about the
federal response we must remember that
there are people here who came from the
US who came from the Gulf Coast from
Florida from New York from everywhere in
the United States to help and those
people are part of the federal response
now as far as as the connection between
government entities and government
agencies yes
quite probably it could have been better
these states were made I think that
general consensus is that that is the
truth mistakes were made and we weren't
ready
I think the Puerto Rico was ready with
the federal government for a three to
four day emergency not for a hundred
years a storm of up with us as we call
Hurricane Maria so that is very
important I want to thank everybody
who's here that we need to remember that
they're Americans were here American
citizens like us were helping in this
process but I think the government
entities did not connect faster or fast
enough after that impact of the storm
yeah Bobby Acevedo thank you very much
on be well and thank you so much for
bringing us up-to-date on what's
happening in Puerto Rico very important
thank you sir what more answer after the
break
hey thanks for checking out our youtube
channel subscribe by clicking on that
button down there for more am joy and
the rest of MSNBC and click on any of
the videos right here to watch the
latest interviews and highlights and you
can get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com slash newsletters to
sign up now
