I worry about what's the political
leadership that the Justice Department
is going to do in the face of its
unprecedented onslaught by the president
are they gonna have the steel to say to
this president at some point no I
suspect that we are on a path where
there's gonna be an inevitable clash
we're going to get to a point where the
Justice Department simply will not go
any further and some things that happen
I don't know who gets fired or what
happens but we're gonna be you know
buckle up your seat belt gets your
attention former attorney General Eric
Holder today with a pretty stark
prediction about the toxic relationship
between the president and the Justice
Department across town this week saw the
president continue to humiliate our
current Attorney General Jeff Sessions
publicly calling his recusal from the
Russia investigation a betrayal we
learned this week the president
repeatedly pressured sessions to change
his mind
unruhe cues himself as it were and we
saw the unexpected announcement that the
president would pardon or is considering
pardoning three people with
prosecutorial ties at least two former
FBI director James Comey and his allies
as our friend Mike Allen of Axios put it
today maybe these three events are mere
coincidence but almost no one around
Trump even his closest allies thinks
this is the case let's talk about it
with Josh Gerstein a senior White House
reporter for Politico and Barbara
McQuade former US Attorney for the
Eastern District of Michigan and
counselor I'd like to begin with you
because you've proven so good at the the
game Dave Letterman originated is this a
thing so is the following a thing if
you're Robert Muller if you learn
through the good folks at Axios that at
least four occasions that we know of
that the president went back after
probing Jeff sessions can you go back
into the Russian matter is that of
interest to the Muller investigation or
are they several incidents ahead of us
well I think it's a thing I think that
you know there's whenever you are
looking at obstruction of justice there
is the act so did this actually happen
did President Trump tried to convince
Jeff Sessions to reverse his recusal
decision
and then the second part of that that's
so important is what was his purpose
what was his motive did he have a
corrupt intent in doing so and on its
face it appears that there's certainly
enough there to look further into it to
see whether it is a thing because when
you think about why would he want him to
reverse his recusal decision Justice
Department Ethics lawyers had said this
is the appropriate decision and the
matter should be handled by your deputy
so that there is at least the perception
of fairness if not actual fairness can
be achieved in this way and what
President Trump is saying is no no I
don't want it to be handled fairly I
want it to be handled by my ally because
what I really want is someone to protect
me from whatever it is that he is
concerned about the ultimate resolution
of the case so I think that is enough to
raise concern that there is perhaps this
corrupt purpose behind such a decision
if it happened yeah Josh let's continue
this point why would trump given what we
know of his relationship with jeff
sessions there are alternatives why
would the alternative to him be an
unreclaimed sessions well you know the
president has suggested before that he'd
like to have an attorney general like
Eric Holder since you mentioned him
earlier and the president president
Trump has said that he thinks that Eric
Holder covered for President Obama and
covered for presidential candidate
Hillary Clinton so you can tie those
things together and assume that what the
president was up to here was trying to
have more political control over these
sort of investigations like the
investigation into the 2016 campaign I
do think though that it's unlikely that
these events alone this pressure on
sessions alone would be the kind of
obstruction case that Muller would try
to outline it would have to be part of a
broader pattern and there are some facts
already in that pattern it's also worth
keeping in mind that I think ultimately
what we're talking about here are facts
that Muller would likely put in a report
to Congress that could potentially
become the basis for impeachment it may
not be quite as critical whether this
outlines a case that could be proven say
in front of a jury in court Barbara let
me steer the ship into the subject of
Pardons admittedly I watched too much
cable news but in the
last 24 hours everyone on cable news has
contended that pardons and the choice of
who to pardon has been a signal this is
being done as a signal the folks who are
out there they may flip they may hold
out will Muller again because you're the
former Fed here will Muller see it that
same way I don't know you know the
President does have pardon power and so
I don't think that you know there is a
basis to charge a case there but it does
seem at least plausible that President
Trump is exercising his pardon power to
send a message to people like Michael
Cohen or Michael Flynn or Paul Manafort
that you know I take care of people and
so you don't have this Hobson's choice
of going to trial or cooperating there's
a third way out I could pardon you and
so perhaps that is a message I also
think that there's a message being sent
to the American public more generally
because if you look at what is the
common theme behind all of those cases
where President Trump has granted
pardons and in every one of them he has
made a pitch that these people were
treated very very unfairly by the
government and I think he is trying to
again undermine the Justice Department
the FBI and sort of groomed the public
into this idea that the government
frequently treats people unfairly so
that if and when you know he faces
charges or others close to him face
charges there is that narrative and the
public is conditioned to believe that to
be true of course you can criminalize a
pardon by dangling them or putting them
out for forbidding which would be wrong
as they say hey Josh when I say everyone
is talking about the pardons in terms of
a signal I really mean everyone here's a
man we heard from earlier on this same
subject we'll talk about it on the other
side I think the president is trying to
send a message to some people who
potentially might be involved in the the
Russia investigation if you pardon
somebody all right well that means that
they are they don't have much to worry
about with regard to whatever the pardon
covers but if Bob Muller for instance
wants to take a pardon to person but
that person before a grand jury that
person doesn't no longer has the ability
to say I'm going to invoke my
if amendment right that's been stripped
away you have a pardon and that person
then becomes a perfect witness for the
special counsel so there you have it
always the lawyer Josh as a civilian
what do you find notable in the persons
and pattern of pardons thus far in this
presidency well I'm not sure the
scenario that Holder outlined is the
most likely one here it seems like the
sequence in which this would play out
would be to let someone like Paul
Manafort go to trial and perhaps maybe
after the midterm elections move in with
some sort of pardon or some sort of
pardon say if Roger stone were charged
maybe put one out there at some point
for him I don't think they would come so
early in the process because Trump could
have done that already but you know I
don't think we have to really speculate
about what Trump is up to here he's
given us several statements he said for
example in the case of Dinesh D'Souza
the commentator that he just pardoned
that the White House has said that he
viewed that as a case of selective
prosecution in some of the other cases
he suggested Rob Blagojevich the former
Illinois governor who he's talking about
part pardoning or commuting commuting
his sentence has said that you know he
thinks that case was exaggerated so he's
minimizing anti-corruption laws he's
minimizing campaign campaign finance
violations suggesting that they're over
enforced and over prosecuted and it's
interesting that those are some of the
laws or at least are in some of the same
areas where we see Muller already bring
charges or and where he may bring
charges in the future so I don't think
it's totally uninformed speculation to
say that there is a message here hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
