Donald Trump ran for president claiming
that Barack Obama's record creating jobs
didn't really matter because federal
jobs data is all phony anyway
you may remember all that well today
Donald Trump is claiming credit for yes
what those exact same numbers show now
if there's a problem with the data it
turns out tonight we can tell you that's
a problem caused by Donald Trump who
leaked a hint at what was coming by
tweeting about the report an hour before
the Labor Department officially releases
this data and that stunned economists
according to New York Times and actually
risked a market shift because
fast-acting traders could place bets on
an optimism fueled market surge now
let's be clear
there aren't any strong laws against
tweeting about this data right before it
comes out it's more of a logical
responsible practice that literally
every single president has followed as
political scientist Brendan Nyhan has
written during this Trump era quote we
normally count on politicians to
restrain themselves out of fear of
public consequences but as Trump's
election showed the polarization and
partisanship of our era has weakened
those guardrails
Trump says he doesn't care about many
types of public consequences he boasts
about that that he won't listen to the
guidance of certain experts or the
advice of the nonpartisan civil service
core the federal government certainly
not the standards of public rebuke or
shame that have always policed norms of
how we speak and how we treat each other
now the last category is something Trump
campaigned against specifically he
dubbed it of course political
correctness unless it's Donald Trump
this week demanding political
correctness for his critics only today
agitating for the firing of comedians
anthem Samantha bee because she used a
vulgarity one that many of us object to
of course against Ivanka Trump now put
aside the tweets and the sideshows and
Trump's grindin attempts to undermine
the Russia probe and there's still other
things going on his team for example
deploying Trump in attempts at
presidential style activities take his
trip to Texas this week to talk with
relatives of the victims of the Santa Fe
High School shooting Trump spoke to a
grieving parent Rhonda Hart her 14 year
old daughter was killed in this shooting
now she says she suggested to Donald
that schools employ veterans and he
responded and armed them and she replied
no but relayed the Trump kept mentioning
arming classroom teachers quote it was
like talking to a toddler Hart told the
AP now over at the White House and we
make it a practice to check in with them
I can tell you generally these kind of
stories are greeted with an objection
that Trump seems to be punished and
criticized no matter what he does that
even if he does show up after a shooting
he then gets pilloried for it of course
that assumes the Trump had to act that
way that he had to turn a listening tour
with a grieving mother into this
rhetorical back-and-forth leaving her
with the impression she had an
impression she has every right to share
in a free society and that's the view
tonight of one mother one civilian on an
important story an important topic on of
course her own family's well-being but
sometimes there are other people
concerned about the nation's direction
and they they begin to ask the broader
question outside of any individual story
we could tell you tonight they say wait
a minute
is all of this getting normalized is it
getting worse there's an answer in a new
assessment from the former CIA director
John Brennan you may remember him
working both with Barack Obama but three
other presidents as well now this is
interesting he's published his first
op-ed since leaving government and it's
a statement worth reading at some length
tonight
the esteem with which I held the
presidency was dealt a serious blow when
Donald Trump took office Brennan writes
many have condemned my public criticism
of mr. Trump arguing that as a former
CIA director I should bite my tongue my
criticisms however are not political
I've never been and will never be a
partisan he writes I speak out for the
simple reason that mr. Trump is failing
to live up to the standards that we
should all expect of a president as
someone who had the rare privilege of
directly serving for presidents I will
continue to speak out loudly and
critically until and here are the words
he chooses until integrity decency
wisdom and maybe even some humility
return to the White House I don't
you can read something like that from
someone like him without seeing it for
what it is as these stories grind on it
is a stern call to the rest of us for
perspective for a type of resistance for
whatever that means to each person from
a self-declared public servant who as I
mentioned served both parties a person
who clearly has put public interest and
personal risk by the way over profit but
also a person who found that at this
moment in history even if yes Donald
Trump didn't win more votes than the
alternative he won enough support in the
electoral college for a mandate to
pursue whatever this is trumpism and to
now test whether this indeed will become
the new normal
we've gathered some very special guests
to discuss a big question here Jennifer
Rubin a conservative opinion writer at
the Washington Post Betsy Woodruff
politics reporter at The Daily Beast
both MSNBC contributors and Jonathan
alter an author MSNBC political analyst
and as well a columnist at The Daily
Beast thanks to each of you it is Friday
night and we are starting big picture
and Jennifer I put the question to you
given all the stories that we've been
discussing and covering and and this
call to assess both whether this is
becoming normal and what to do about it
I hope it is not becoming normal and I
think some of the institutions that are
designed to check the president be it
the independent press be at the courts
be it the permanent civil service are to
one degree or another holding but let's
be clear he is getting worse we see what
I described today is three categories of
outrages that we see on a daily basis
the first are really fundamentally
illegal things or attacks on democratic
norms the second would be Policy
outrages such as separating children
from their parents at the border even
when they present themselves as is
required for the status of political
refugee and the third is the moral
outrageous of the constant lying of a
constant whining of the constant racism
and we see these every single day in one
form or another and it is exhausting for
the American people
it is a dizzy
being experienced but I think like mr.
Brennan we all have an obligation to be
on our toes to be watching and to be
very very critical of this president so
long as he behaves in a manner that is
totally unlike any other present
Jonathan so I think that we need to move
from essentially wringing our hands over
what's happening to our country to doing
something about it and fortunately we
have an opportunity and I agree with Tom
Friedman's column in The New York Times
this week that it's all hands on deck we
all know what we have to do we have to
have at least one chamber of Congress
being Democratic hands to check Trump
and repair these guardrails that he's
burst through and I you know it could be
wrong about this but I think many of the
people watching tonight if you ask them
what are the flippable districts in your
state they wouldn't really know because
they're very upset about what's going on
in the country but they have not yet
fully engaged in what they can do either
with their their campaign contributions
or with their time and effort to try to
make sure that we provide some check on
Donald Trump Betsy I'm curious your
views specifically in your area of
expertise the Russia probe when you've
been covering the ins and outs and I
think viewers have seen a lot of that
here was Eric Holder who you know and I
think viewers know is a very measured
speaker most of the time laying out
today what he thinks is happening
I think it's unprecedented I've never
seen anything like that where our
president is going after the Attorney
General going after the Justice
Department's going
the FBI this is going to have a
long-term negative impact I think on how
these great institutions are perceived
undo damage Betsy I think one of the
areas in which the president has
denormalized American civic life the
most is his relationship with the
Justice Department the relationship
between the White House and the DOJ
my official beat is the DOJ and I
started covering it with the new
administration so I'm comparatively new
to the beat and one thing that I kept
hearing that I keep hearing from Jump
Street as soon as I started covering it
from experts from former DOJ officials
from people who loved the institution
and are very close to it has always been
this is not normal it's not normal for
the DOJ to take the steps that it's
taking especially as Jennifer mentioned
as it regards prosecuting the parents of
children who bring those children to the
United States and it's also not normal
for the president to try to pressure the
Justice Department into basically
changing the way that it enforces the
laws to favor himself and his friends
that's what this president has been
doing that's what he's done with the
Russia probe he admitted as much to
Lester Holt last year when he said he
fired James Comey who as FBI director
was part of the Justice Department
structure he admitted that he fired
James Comey because of the Russia
investigation and that breakdown of sort
of the normal separation the normal you
know courteous distance between the
White House and the Justice Department
is one of the changes that's the most
significant it's also one that Congress
is going to have some of the most
trouble to trying to reverse it's very
hard to sort of renormalize that
relationship when the president has been
so so confident and strident about
trying to denormalize it go ahead I just
could say that can be done I'm old
enough to remember when John Mitchell
was Attorney General the United States
and the Justice Department have been
totally compromised and corrupted by
President Nixon and you know when
President Ford came in he appointed the
president the University of Chicago ed
levy a wonderful Attorney General and he
was able to do that with
work that was necessary but in order to
get people like Attorney General levy in
place and others who took this
corrective action you needed to have the
political change and I still feel like
there's just this missing connective
tissue between our trying to use the
press and other institutions of
government to hold this president
accountable and the political means that
are required so that's all about
November Jennifer yeah I think it is
about November I think Democrats have
some reasons to be very optimistic
there's been a perception I don't think
quite correctly that things have
narrowed more recently in part because
the president's approval numbers are up
but I think when you look at the shift
in the electorate anywhere from 5 to 9
to 11 points you see an electorate that
is very hungry to check the president
you see results from the special
elections in 2017 you see the primary
turnout which is astronomical for
Democrats in comparison to Republicans
but they cannot rest on their laurels
Jonathan is absolutely right any of
these repair mechanisms and remember we
had them after a Watergate not only with
respect to the Justice Department but
with respect to the IRS and respect to
the oversight through the church
Commission of the intelligence community
all of that depends upon who controls
Congress and until that changes we're
going to lurch from disaster to disaster
an outrage to outrage and Jennifer when
you look at the the Republicans in the
house I mean they have largely been
rewarded by the efforts to join and
undermine the Moller probe I mean
they've gotten more done there's a lot
of praise I here in Washington for Rod
Rosenstein not joining a criminal
enterprise well seems like a low bar for
a official and by the way he has
personal interest reasons for that I
mean you can have criminal exposure as
well if you go along too far but but
other than that low bar it seems that if
you look at what Nunez and others have
done although it hasn't all worked at
once it's slowly over time has been been
grinding down the DOJ putting pressure
on the IG Pro putting pressure on people
who
McCabe may become witnesses against
Trump in any obstruction case absolutely
this has been an all-out smear and
all-out attempt to undermine the
criminal justice system which in our
country unlike third-world dictators is
supposed to operate in a relatively non
partisan way in an a partisan way you
are not supposed to have the President
of the United States ordering the
Attorney General to provide briefings to
his cronies in Congress as was done last
week you're not supposed to have the
Attorney General and the other senior
members of the administration taking
potshots at the FISA courts for example
this is all extraordinary and utterly
inappropriate and I will say there is
one person who is primarily responsible
other than Trump himself and that is
Paul Ryan he has completely fallen down
on the job it's his obligation to be the
speaker not just of the Republicans but
of the house which is a co-equal branch
of government he has left me is in place
he has been a mouse when it's come to
talking back to the President or
standing up for American values American
democratic institutions and this is on
his head he may be retiring but when the
voters get into the booth they should
remember what is key is who controls the
body you may like Joe Blow your
particular representative may be a great
guy but if he's gonna vote for a
Republican Speaker you're not gonna get
any change you have to look at who there
if first vote is for that's the most
important vote some respects the only
vote that counts and that's for their
leaders my thanks to Jennifer and Betsy
and stay with me Jonathan alter as
always thank you for being here today
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC
