Whitehouse under new pressure to explain
whether Michael Cohen is still even
Donald Trump's lawyer in the leak of
this tape not hone at once promised
write a tell-all book where he would say
no issue was too big sticky or oddball
for him to tackle I saw it all handled
it and still do the newly leaked tape
though doesn't look isolated consider
another example where Cohen picked a
fight with college students who were
trying to prank Trump one of the
students got a fiery call from Cohen and
relayed how he said I'm gonna come up to
Harvard you're all gonna get expelled if
this photo gets out you'll be out of
that school faster than you know it I
can be up there tomorrow you'll notice
there Michael Cohen combining a little
threat with an open schedule now the
student went on to tell 60 minutes this
was terrifying if you're a student you
see how it could be he thought Cohen
might actually be quote crazy enough to
fly up there Cohen also reportedly tried
to quote fix an issue when Trump
reportedly lost and this is true this
role - Mark Cuban in sharknado 3
touching policy was to save the surance
nobody attacks in my house
mr. person
a producer relating the Kohen went quote
ballistic screaming over the phone how
dare you Donald wanted to do this we're
going to sue you we're going to shut the
entire show I think he meant movie down
I'm joined by Gwenda Blair she's
interviewed Donald Trump numerous times
over the years and is the author of
Donald Trump the candidate and Voxx is
Liz plank is here as well who's covered
many parts of some of these stories
involving mr. Cohen I don't know where
to begin
so Liz go ahead I mean that tape
actually makes Tony Soprano sound like
Mother Teresa and it makes it clear that
Michael Cohen was never really Trump's
lawyer he was Trump's fixer for two
reasons first of all in the rest of that
tape he says that you can't rape your
spouse which is obviously not very
untrue in most states including New York
absolutely so he doesn't understand a
lot and he's also not speaking in you
know legal speak he's speaking and
threats and so he sounds he doesn't
sound like a lawyer he sounds like a
mobster sounds like is don't know I
think everything goes back you could go
back to the school of Roy Cohn with a
little bit even further back to the
school of Fred Trump Donald's dad who
told his sons to be killers hmm win at
all costs then so Donald grew up with
that idea doesn't matter it doesn't
matter what you do just win so you say
that and you know like many of these
types of stories there isn't a part of
it that is ridiculous to the point of
bizarre and funny and then there's a
part that's very much not funny and we
were straddling that line you say sounds
like there is Jay Goldberg was Trump ski
top litigator before Cohen and even he
when we had him on because we make an
effort to get on all sides and people
with primary experience even he talked
openly on this show take a look about
Cohen basically being very close to
helping Donald Trump allegedly deal with
the Mafia do you think Michael Cohen's
job at times was to keep the mob away
from Donald Trump
well if he says he was a fixer then the
question is what did he fix and what
needed fixing what needed fixing was
relations with the mob and she found by
the mob you know strikes and maybe labor
peace at all costs how does that match
with your reporting on Donald Trump
school or Roy Cohn whatever you can get
away with that's that was what he
learned from Roy I mean he already knew
this but Roy took it to the next level
when I was doing my book a really
interesting conversation with a
real-estate lawyer and a guy named
Eugene Morris who happened to have been
Roy Cohn's first cousin and had worked
for Fred Trump but it was also Roy
Cohn's first cousin and had introduced
Donald to Roy or it was early on in
getting the two together and Eugene told
me Jean told me afterwards Donald it was
like he was attracted to the fact that
Roy had been indicted that this guy had
really taken it you know that far you're
saying he liked it he liked it that was
an according to Jean Morris who was
Boykins first cousin and was around the
two of them and said he thought Donald
really went for that and immediately as
soon as he met Roy Cohn right after that
the Department of Justice served the
Trump Organization with a complaint
about housing discrimination Fred Trump
had had a similar complaint in
Cincinnati right made it go away quietly
not Donald next day they have a Prescott
they went on the last they're very
aggressive lasted back and on that I
want to play one more tool is one more
part of the michael cohen tapes take a
listen
this one may have been overhyped and
Coen had his hands full with the
presidential campaign but if these other
tapes come out that the feds have how
many other situations like this over the
years do you think pose exposure that's
a really really good question and it
really you know shows how misogyny and
the intimidation of reporters really
work in concert in this administration
this story obviously regards Donald
Trump's treatment or alleged treatment
of his ex-wife we have also the Swamiji
Daniels story which you've covered
extensively trying to shut up or pay
women not to speak about their
relationships with Donald Trump and then
even Michael kun I mean this was during
the campaign a lot of people forget the
whole megyn kelly debacle and him
retweeting threats to megyn kelly and so
much she said she was at a different
company at the time she's now at this
company of course as full disclosure but
she said that that led to her having to
get extra security measures those
threats led to other people taking steps
that reach that level yeah there are
real-life consequences to this and as a
reporter on the campaign trail I felt it
Donald Trump would you know insult us
and that had ripple effects to his
audience would throw things at us all of
us and so this is serious this is really
serious business hey I'm already Melvin
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
