trudeau laying it on thick there yes but
he should be that's exactly what the
people of his country want to see him
doing and standing up to Donald Trump
because Donald Trump has basically said
we don't need any friends in this world
we can go it alone as a nation and I
think it's actually great that leaders
are standing up now I don't know at what
point of what mass it takes to kind of
shake Donald Trump a little bit to get
them to start recognizing we have to
have our allies in place but I just
think that the allies are gonna be there
no matter what if we really need them
this sort of thing is not really gonna
move them because they need us
ultimately more than we need them I
think that's part of the case yes sure I
mean listen to what he said when talking
about North Korea today just saying you
know everybody wants a solution here so
everybody is going to kind of be there
for us so I think that's certainly part
of the mindset which is not an accurate
one I'm not saying that I'm just saying
that's how he's been explaining it and
the other thing about trade and tariffs
specifically is that he talks about it
as something that he campaigned on
certainly he did but a lot of these
target the very voters that helped
propel him to office the very voters in
his constituents harley-davidson that's
are going to be affected by this right
and so this is the the this is where it
it you know can go wrong or Canadians
are actually targeting Trump areas with
with the number of these retaliatory
measures look sometimes history is about
what didn't happen and that has huge
historical consequences for 200 years we
have had a relationship with Canada like
this we've never had any border
you know disputes we have been together
in wars as Prime Minister Trudeau said
and we've been together very much in
peace and building between our two
nations the strongest continental
economy the world has ever seen
by orders of magnitude and to jeopardize
this even in a small way to have even a
you know a lover's quarrel in a
basically stable marriage it's pointless
it's harmful to people on both sides of
the border and it's reflective of the
idea that this president doesn't have a
clue as to
he's actually here's the thing Trudeau's
at least still calling that meeting of
Nations the g7 the French Foreign
Minister isn't even calling it the g7
any longer he's calling it the g6
plus-one unfortunately we're gonna have
a g6 plus-one with the United States
alone against everyone and running the
risk of economic destabilization he's
saying that we're gonna be I don't know
the the redheaded stepchild of the of
the meeting of Nations what's crazy is
that you normally famously Canada is a
boring story you know the famous
headline worthwhile Canadian initiative
it's supposedly the most boring headline
ever written but boring is good when
you're talking about global relations
and g7 and to turn the g7 and our
bilateral relations with Canada into a
reality show is really dumb unless your
only point is to create reality shows so
what happens next
gave up guessing with Donald Trump does
it pull back I mean he oftentimes will
save a rattle this stuff but well I
think today when he was talking about
North Korea and in the summit and he
said something really interesting and it
goes to this point he said but you know
it's much better for for Japan and South
Korea because they're so far away they
you know that's that place over there is
so far away from the United States no
matter what happens we're okay because
we're us and I think that's the way
Donald Trump likes to use it as a nice a
way to reach out to his voters who
believe America first America
oh just about perception for him I mean
really I mean he wants these one-on-one
trade shows because he says they're
going to be better and he wants to say
that he's the big negotiator I I don't
think it's a lot about facts because
what he does is he says something that's
not true and then he continues to say it
even when you say that is not true he
bragged about it in march washington
post's had a story about him telling his
donors that he didn't even know what he
was talking about but he told canada
that he had a trade deficit but here's
part of the thing with the tariffs and
ends a discussion of pardons is these
are things that he can do alone he
doesn't need anybody else to make these
things happen
and that's why he likes it he's given up
on the fact that he's going to get
anything done working domestically and
he's finally saying like oh wow this is
what I thought I could do as president I
can do anything by myself and it's a
very egocentric way of doing business
it's the only thing it's like he's like
acting out like a child by saying oh I
could just with a with a pen do this or
no or like maybe a senile senior citizen
when he says today oh I got a very
interesting letter from mr. Kim and he
hasn't even opened the letter yet you
know yeah I'm but he tweeted if that was
your grandmother you'd say in the letter
first
she likes to tease hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press'
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us NBC News MSNBC MTP and
the Meet the Press mindset right here
for you on YouTube subscribe now
