I want to bring in my panel Ayman jabber
CBC's Washington correspondent Jonas
Serra is a columnist for Bloomberg view
Brendan Greeley the editor of the
economic research note all we know so
far and bob torricelli a former
democratic senator from my home state of
new jersey Eamonn let's start with you I
want to break down the numbers because
it's a very good jobs report but I
really want you to dig in to the wage
number because we were at full
employment a month ago six months ago
let's talk about where we are now for
those who need raises yeah I think
you're exactly right to spotlight that
weekly wages hourly wages were both up
in this report and that's a measure of
the quality of jobs not just the
quantity of jobs you know the overall
jobs number is something we pay
attention to in politics because it
affects the American political landscape
but more than just the number of jobs
people's frustration is about whether or
not they themselves are doing well
whether or not they themselves feel like
they are advancing in their careers and
those wage numbers that we saw this
morning are important for that
psychological boost for American workers
to feel like you know what I've got a
quality job not just any old job and
we're also seeing that the number of
available people out there in the labor
pool that's coming down as well so a lot
of people who weren't working are now
working the people who are working are
seeing a boost in their wages that's
also the good for the economy today
getting up that underemployment number
and getting wages higher both very big
positives and the president he certainly
wanted us to pay attention at 7:30 this
morning he sent out this tweet Brendan
looking forward to seeing the employment
numbers at 8:30 this morning let's talk
about why that's valuable I completely
understand why the economy is a win for
the president but to send this tweet out
one hour before it becomes public the
lock up around this number couldn't be
taken more seriously in Washington and
Wall Street so the security around these
numbers is incredible where a man just
was in the lock-up I've been there
before I've been there with a man before
they take away your cell phone they put
you in a room you're allowed to look at
the numbers you don't have any access to
the internet if I were to before 8:30
text my wife and say the job numbers
look good I think I'm going to be home
late
I would never work in financial
journalism again these numbers are so
tightly guarded because it's not just a
line number it's all of this detail
about different industries that are
tradable and if you can get that
information early of course then you can
make a decision in financial markets if
the president gets that number the night
before that's again never seen a
president make any comment I reached out
to the SEC this morning saying hey boys
and girls you care about this and
they're declining to comment this is
quite a big deal I mean at 7:21 right
after he put the tweet out we didn't see
any price action change but we saw
volume change so the people at home
going who cares the president is excited
about it he wanted people to look ahead
I understand that sentiment but the
president is also taking action that
could impact trading millions possibly
billions of dollars I think it but it's
in keeping with everything the President
does deeply unprecedented deeply suspect
and yet very effective we're all sitting
here talking about the jobs numbers they
were good but we were primed to be
looking at them because we knew they
were going to be good because he told us
also no president before this one has
made as much of a big deal out of
individual economic data right this is a
president of course he did he tweets
about industrial production numbers no
president has ever talked about
industrial production numbers before and
so he you know often the jobs numbers
look really good in addition to the good
numbers that he has he does have a habit
of cherry-picking economic data and
putting it in his tweets to make things
look better I get it he uses the numbers
at work for him Joe then what's stunning
to me is the economy is chugging along
why would the president make such an
aggressive move on these tariffs against
our closest allies the EU Canada and
Mexico I love my avocados well you know
he has threatened China a number of
times and China has been basically
threatened him right back he wants to
show that he's he could do this it's
terrible policy I mean name one thing in
the last year-and-a-half that he's done
that's actually helped the economy
you can't he's got the wind at his back
the entire time I don't know if I would
say that and I mean I mean deregulation
at the very least or the threat the fact
that companies no longer fear massive
regulation they're spending more
consumer confidence
business confidence knowledge is up yeah
I'm actually not they're actually not
spending more and you take it okay I'll
give you a little example the
export-import Bank of the United States
is basically been shut down by the Obama
administration they can't get a quorum
they can't they can't make they can't
back up loans there are companies all
over the United States that can no
longer export goods you mean Trump
administration the Trop administration
I'm sorry they can no longer export
goods because they can't get financing
from the export-import bank that's a
really big deal that matters that would
create jobs I mean he loves this tariff
stuff because it allows him to to push
other countries around to show that the
United States is the big boy and he
claims that there's an unfairness there
but the truth is that these economies
Mexico and Canada the United States for
instance are so intertwined the
automobile industry alone is so
intertwined between three countries that
if you start messing that with tariffs
you you you actually could really do
serious damage to the auto industry no
doubt but here's the senator what Wilbur
Ross said yesterday
these are blips on the radar screen I
don't think they change the fundamentals
of relationship everybody has spats
every now and again every family does
every country does with others there's
nothing weird about that I think
everybody will get over this in due
course hashtag get over it
well if we're all gonna greet each other
here we're talking very interesting
concepts so I'm not gonna get to put the
position of defending how Donald Trump
governs or handles himself or the way
he's conducted this discussion but I
don't think it is fair to say there's
not a problem or to this point this
cannot go on the United States having
half trillion 700 billion dollar
deficits it is not it is not secure if
the United States of the Chinese have
three trillion dollars worth of foreign
currency there is a national security
problem and we can all make fun of them
about the fact that our allies are
exporting our steal the fact is a great
power cannot only make 55 percent of its
own steal
must have a steel industry for
mobilization purposes in a national
security thing so Donald Trump may take
it too far he may be inartful he may act
like a clown but it is not fair to say
there is not a fundamental problem oh
great that the president is taking this
head-on without a doubt is he doing it
in the right way
so I'm inclined to agree with you
senator I I think that there was
absolutely a problem with China and
there have been for decades and what the
genius of the Trump campaign was that
they recognized that there was deep
anger about the way we traded with China
for a decade and a half
you know we saw that we recognize that
as soon as we saw the Union voting
numbers come in on election night right
that was a huge shift there the problem
is the way we're going about it is by
angering all of the allies whose help we
need in addressing the very real problem
of the way China trades the way China
supports its own industries with its own
state controlled banks the way China
steals intellectual property the way
China yes overproduces on steel these
are massive problems and they hollowed
out American manufacturing Germany is
not the problem with America but the
political for political problem here is
is that this should have been done
through multilateral organizations it
should have been done in concert with
our allies because the Europeans have
the side talking about TPP and the
president pulled out of that but here's
the problem
loving Bill Clinton as I do and Barack
Obama yeah we didn't we didn't boom we
didn't salute on women Donald Trump did
not parachute into the White House he
got there because of set of political
and economic circumstances and this is
one of them and I'll say something to
you representing the entire journalistic
class of America right now if I hear one
more reporter talk about how this is a
violation of free trade and steel and
protectionism there is no free trade in
steel the Chinese make fifty five fifty
five percent steel companies and they're
twelve percent of the world economy it's
government policy don't tell me that
we're violating some some sacred so
we're so mad at China let's punish those
Canadians you know they're really
they're really gonna hurt us not in the
national security level I mean it's
ridiculous
that the way that you approach this is
to punish
Mexico and Canada who are not only
staunch allies but have basically helped
our economy even as we've helped their
economy okay then hold on Amy and
Jeffers I want you to weigh in to that
point Bob is 100 percent right what
China has done to us for years and years
is a problem and good on the
administration for wanting to go after
them though you could argue the way
they're doing it makes absolutely no
sense but what does this
administration's rationale for lumping
in Canada and Mexico well look the
president of United States is making a
huge political bet here he's betting
that the benefits to the domestic
aluminum and steel industry are going to
outweigh the cost that you're talking
about in terms of the increase in prices
for American consumers the damage to us
relationships with some of its allies
all of the damage to free market and the
potential for a tariff escalating war in
terms of a trade war with some of these
other countries those damages the
president is betting are going to be
less than the benefit of having more
jobs in the domestic American steel and
aluminum industry and to the Senators
point this administration argues very
much that you have to have a domestic
aluminum and steel industry for national
security purposes if there should be
another world war and a major
catastrophe the United States have to be
able to produce steel and aluminum here
at home that's the argument except of
course Rovere to you there are more
companies that use steel and more jobs
relying upon that than those that
produce it well that's the legislature
now that secure the downside you can you
can cluster some jobs in that the United
States has a navy of 250 ships 250
during the Cold War was 500 it used to
be more than a thousand what is
certainly in the age of Putin and the
age of China today you wouldn't argue
that it is impossible in your lifetime
there could be another mobilization if
there was a Russian move in Europe not
impossible right what's your plan how
was it you intend to defend the United
States if steel has to come from Japan
it's an ally but you got to get it here
and from Germany
it's an ally but you got to get it here
a great nation this is a great nation
with enormous international
responsibilities has to be able to
mobilize economically we can't so the
administration actually produced a
compelling document this two three
to report that said everything that
you're saying and in addition if we want
to be able to make the high quality
metals that we need to be able to make
to make jet fighters we need a broader
industry to support that so I think that
that actually is a very good argument
the problem again is intent matters and
execution matters and so do we have a
problem with Chinese overcapacity and
steel absolutely we do but throwing out
a card tariff of fifteen percent when
the one industry that's doing really
well in America and manufacturing right
now is the auto industry in terms of all
right it is but let me tell you
something I I don't believe in cults
except I'm in the Elon Musk cult so as a
proud Tesla driver when I pick up the
newspaper given the Chinese trade
advantages 25% tariff on a Tesla getting
into China and you need a 49% partner
and you have to share electric car
technology get it okay you know what
we're not about to go down to punish
Canada we go to China that's that's the
deal they put on the table okay you know
what we have to leave it there we're
going to commercial good news Bob Elon
Musk probably agrees with that if he
didn't he'd give you a no rating and
he'd shut you down on Twitter you know
what Elon Musk want he just run a tight
company and then you wouldn't have to
worry about hard well in his opinion hey
there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks
for watching MSNBC on YouTube if you
want to keep up to date with the videos
we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
