was about to take a job at the Trump
presidential campaign Vladimir Putin was
working behind the scenes to attack our
election to help swing the election and
Trump's favored nostrovia it's all a
little obvious we're going on three
years now since that picture was taken
given all that's happened since then
picture almost looks weirder by the day
that general Flynn
it looks weirder now than the day that
general Flynn was sitting there and
Putin with Moscow just ahead of joining
the Trump campaign right why would he do
that what was he doing there in Moscow
that day tonight thanks to some new
reporting from The Wall Street Journal
we do know a little bit more about the
circumstances there we now know for
example what Mike Flynn was doing right
before he flew to Moscow to have that
dinner turns out he was talking to this
guy Peter W Smith Peter Smith was a
longtime Republican operative last May
he was found dead in a Minnesota hotel
room his death was ruled by authorities
as a suicide just a few days before mr.
Smith died he had done an interview with
The Wall Street Journal in which he
somewhat cheerfully told them about a
project he'd been working on during the
2016 campaign trying to track down what
he believed were thousands of emails
that had been hacked from Hillary
Clinton's private email server he
contacted people who he believed were
Russian hackers online to encourage them
to get Clinton emails so those emails
could be used against Clinton in the
election for Trump's benefit in other
words Peter Smith US citizen volunteered
to The Wall Street Journal last year
that he as an American citizen really
had tried to collude with Russia to
influence the presidential election in
trumps favor since then one important
question about that story has been well
was he just doing this as Peter Smith
private citizen or was he doing this as
an agent of the Trump campaign well
tonight The Wall Street Journal has
figured out a piece of that tonight The
Wall Street Journal adds the somewhat
startling news in which the story of
general Flynn and that dinner in Moscow
and the strange story of Peter Smith and
his attempted collusion with Russia
around Hillary Clinton's emails those
stories kind of come together quoting
from the journal well a veteran
Republican
like an activist whose quest to obtain
Hillary Clinton's emails from hackers
dominated the final months of his life
he struck up a professional relationship
with the tenant General Michael Flynn
the former national security adviser to
trump as early as 2015 and told
associates during the presidential
campaign that he was using the retired
generals connections to help him on the
email project quote the late Peter Smith
met with general Flynn in 2015 according
to people familiar with the matter quote
in an email reviewed by The Wall Street
Journal one of mr. Smith's former
associates wrote to a friend last week
as you are aware Peter started a
business relationship with general Mike
Flynn in November 2015 we spoke with him
on the day he left for his trip to
Moscow so that's what Mike Flynn was
doing before he hopped that plane to
Moscow apparently he was talking to
Peter Smith the Republican operative who
was trying to reach Russian Russian
hackers online to get Hillary Clinton's
emails we spoke with him on the day he
left for his trip to Moscow Wall Street
Journal has done incredible reporting on
this story they have been pulling at
this thing for more than a year as has
Robert Muller the special counsel he has
reportedly questioned witnesses
connected to the late mr. Smith
including at least one before the grand
jury he apparently has a trove of
documents and hard drives that belong to
Peter Smith but I mean sort of bottom
line here this one American now deceased
who cheerfully admitted to colluding
with Russia to try to get Hillary
Clinton's emails to influence the
election he is dead now but according to
the journals reporting he does appear to
have had a real working relationship at
the time with someone at the top of the
Trump campaign what exactly does that
mean and what happens next here joining
us now is Shelby Holliday she's a
reporter at The Wall Street Journal who
was part of breaking this story today I
miss Holliday thank you for being here
thanks for having me um so first let me
ask you me stemming that at that I gave
me that wrong no okay
factually it was correct okay so in
terms of this email which says that
there was a relationship between Flynn
and mr. Smith in 2015 at a sort of
crucial time this timeline what can you
tell us about that email circumstances
of it and whether you see it as as I
guess hard and fast evidence that that
relationship did exist well the person
who wrote the email declined to talk to
us we'd love to speak to him to get more
contacts to hear more about this
relationship but we've seen the email
and the email led us to believe that yes
in fact there was a relationship between
these two men before Flynn as you said
took off to Moscow Moscow and then later
joined the Trump campaign we've been
able to confirm that with sources we do
know that they were in touch in 2015 we
don't know if any business deals came of
that we don't have any reason to think
that they did and we also don't know
what they spoke about before Michael
Flynn left and hopped on that plane to
Russia we don't know and at the time
Mike Flynn had left the Defense
Intelligence Agency under difficult
circumstances he had formed a private
intelligence group and you suggest in
the story that it's possible that peter
smith was looking at a potential
investment opportunity maybe wanted to
become involved in Flynn's business
right and Peter Smith was a man who had
his hands in a lot of different
businesses he was an investor hit a lot
of different connections he was a
Republican his friends described him as
an ardent conservative so it would make
sense if these two were trying to
connect on a business level that they
would have a meeting not sure if
anything came of it and again we we
don't know if anything what came up
related to Hillary Clinton's emails but
we do know that Peter Smith for a very
long time was convinced that Hillary
Clinton's emails were out there that he
could get them and that they would be
very damaging to her that they would
spill secrets that she didn't want
revealed related to her work in the
Obama administration now the other part
of this that has wrung for so long since
the journal first broke this story is
that Smith kept saying when he was
talking to other people about this
project about his effort to try to get
Hillary Clinton's emails he talked a
little bit about how he was trying to
get them how he was happy to try to get
him from Russian hackers if that's who
had them but he also bragged about his
relationship with the Trump campaign
including didn't he specifically brag
about having a relationship with Flynn
yet he used Flynn as as a person who was
helping the effort so when he approached
investors that was somebody he said was
working on his side and he'll drop his
name he dropped his name a lot he also
had documents that said Steve Bannon was
involved Kellyanne Conway those people
have completely denied involvement some
of them have even said we don't even
know who Peter Smith is
it's nuts that our name is on this
document Michael Flynn has declined to
comment he pleaded guilty and he's
cooperating with investigators sort of
makes sense he's not talking but he
hasn't pushed back as much he hasn't
pushed back as fiercely as some of those
others in the Trump campaign see that's
that to me that's the super clarifying
thing about this story I followed every
incremental development of the stories
the journal has reported it and the
reporting team was on this have just
been amazing but for me this is sort of
like we've now taken a turn because
without knowing anything about Peter
Smith other than his activism and what
we know about what he was doing before
he died him dropping lots of people's
names and saying yeah I mean with all of
these guys don't worry this is totally
legit the Trump campaign actually has me
working on this he might just be some
crazy dude but if there's this
corroborating information that when he
was dropping Flynn's name that might
have been about something real because
him and Flynn did actually meet they did
have some sort of ongoing relationship
that implicates at least Flynn if not
the Trump a.m. came more broadly in what
Smith was doing well in he yes and I
think that's a really good point because
he could be a crazy person and some of
his friends think he was a deluded old
man who was on this crazy mission to get
Clinton's emails but he wasn't crazy in
the way that he went about it he formed
a company it was very secretive he had a
dummy email account we reported this a
couple days ago a dummy email account
where he had people leave drafts but he
didn't ever want them to send emails
because then they couldn't be traced um
he did it in an operative way and he was
raising money from at least four donors
we reported that he raised at least a
hundred thousand dollars for these
efforts and a big question is did he go
off and pay hackers he told the journal
that he was in touch with five groups of
hackers two of them he believed were
Russian and had ties to the Kremlin so
you know it raises lots of questions
about whether or not he was crazy and if
he was very aware of what he was doing
and whether or not what he was doing was
wrong and just to be clear in terms of
following the money here you guys have
now been able to track people Americans
from whom Smith raised money for this
project we don't yet know if Smith
actually sent money to write to the
Russians or anybody else in order to pay
for what he thought he was getting
correct
Shelby Holiday reporter for The Wall
Street Journal keep going good luck
thank you it's great to have you here
all right we'll be right back stay with
us hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on YouTube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
Subscribe just below me or click over on
this list
see lots of other great videos
