explosive audio of Trump lawyer Michael
Cohen threatening a reporter has leaked
Cohen calling himself Trump's fixer and
certainly here we see some of the dirty
work he's known to carry a gun in his
holster on an ankle so when he makes
threats people listen now this is the
first time you're actually going to hear
the audio this is from a 2015 story from
then Daily Beast reporter Tim Mack that
was discussing the fact that in divorce
proceedings Trump's ex-wife Ivana had
used the word rape when talking about
Trump although she had later retracted
any suggestion that there was a
technical or physical rape now the
reporter had called hope Hicks for
comment then got this angry call back
from Cohen it begins in this discussion
which you have to hear to believe with
Cohen falsely asserting the idea that
legally one could not quote which the
reporter pushed back on no story now the
reporter then presses Cohen for anything
else on these ivana allegations
you were hearing unvarnished how Michael
Cohen rolls now in these new audio tapes
which again have just come out tonight
the reporter then tells Cohen he doesn't
think that this is a productive
conversation and asked what is being I'm
joined by Betsy Woodruff of The Daily
Beast hi Betsy
hey Dylan it's quite a piece of audio
there I was I work at The Daily Beast I
was working at The Daily Beast when Tim
Mac put out that story a couple of years
ago and the really funny thing about it
was the fact that Michael Cohen went on
this really extraordinary rant only got
the story more attention in fact Michael
Cohen who is sometimes portrayed as this
genius fixer made things worse for his
client because he added to this story
the story became not just that Donald
Trump made his wife feel violated during
sex according to divorce papers but also
the Donald Trump's lawyer launched these
ridiculous over-the-top
almost
tune movie threats at a reporter so he
can two stories around you you're a
seasoned reporter and you may look at it
as as somewhat cartoonish as I mentioned
in the open though this was a person
working for someone with a lot of money
and resources and power as compared to
the type of people they were picking on
whether it was stormy Daniels at least
as alleged or this reporter here that
power imbalance is something mr. Cohen
seems to try to underscore in the most
serious way of saying this person's
entire careers at risk and with regard
to ruining his life I want to play a
little more of this take a are do leaks
tonight Betsy at a time when over a
million pieces of evidence from Michael
Cohen's office and private records
including alleged audio tapes is going
over to the feds
what is this audio indicate in your view
as a reporter and as you mentioned
someone who is at the same paper about
what other things might be memorialized
here and whether it's gonna hurt Cowan I
think we can safely guess that Cowan
probably recorded himself having
conversations like this if you listened
to that conversation it doesn't sound
like it's the first time that Cowan
leveled very over-the-top threats at
somebody who he didn't like someone who
was trying to get not to follow through
on something that he was worried about
and one thing I'd like to add here is
that these threats from Cowan ended up
to be entirely toothless to Matt the
reporter who was on the other end of
that conversation never got served there
was no five hundred million dollar
lawsuit we never got roped up into some
costly or life-altering legal battle
with Michael Cohen it was entirely
toothless it didn't go anywhere I think
what we can probably guess is that if
the tapes that Michael avenatti says
exist to do exist they likely include
conversations along the lines of this
one and
it's gonna be up to people to judge what
that says about Pikeville cones
character and credibility and integrity
Betsy I don't know how busy you are do
you have time for one more part of the
tape sure let's do it what's the last
one Betsy look I was at a beach house
with Tim Mac this past weekend I can
report back that his life is going
perfectly fine it has not been messed up
by Michael Cohen the reality is that
when bullies come at reporters like this
the best thing reporters and journalists
can do is take some pleasure in the
toothless nough sand then sometimes
amusing quality of the way that these
people talk and at The Daily Beast we
were really proud to go forward to
publish a story that ended up being an
electric a really galvanizing moment in
the campaign and a story that helps
people make sense of the character of
Donald Trump and of Michael Cohen we
stood up to this bully and it worked out
perfectly fine for us worked out
perfectly fine for Tim Mac and we are
grateful to the lawyers who work at the
Daily Beast for helping us make sense
and helping navigate us through the
entire process hey I'm already Melbourne
from MSNBC you can see more of our
videos right here or better yet
subscribe to our YouTube channel below
you could have been anywhere in the
world that you're here with us and we
appreciate that
