but I want to talk to you about what's
happened with the Republican Party there
is no Republican Party
there's a Trump party the Republican
Party who's kind of taking a nap
somewhere former Speaker the House John
Boehner today can see that Donald Trump
has orchestrated a hostile takeover of
the Republican Party according to former
Speaker Boehner Trump is the most
unusual person ever elected president
and even while calling him a friend
Boehner questioned Trump's fitness to be
present let's watch it here Donald Trump
who I know well was one of my supporters
when I was Speaker I was having a rough
week Trump had called me and Pat me on
the back cheer me up would play a lot of
golf together not that President really
I never quite saw this the two most
surprised people in the entire world
that night were Hillary Clinton and
Donald Trump Hillary Clinton thought she
was gonna win Donald Trump thought he
was going to lose these guys I'm
throwing that what Michael su it was for
you spokesman for a long time to Speaker
Boehner what do you make us pay dad the
former Speaker every I mean I like the
guy everybody likes him he's a very
likable approachable person why is the
truth coming out so clearly now when he
had to keep it secret before he doesn't
have to say what he just said no he was
not speaker under President Trump there
was no time when that would have
overlapped I think that he's watching
the president on trade on entitlement
reform on the debt and deficit walk away
from central pillars of the Republican
Party that really defined Boehner his
legacy as speaker notes what is the
Republican Party position under Trump on
trade it depends there is a Republican
protectionist party or is it a free
trade party the party is split on that
the Congressional no there's no party
president him so here's the party
balance deficits the federal national
win wing of the Republican Party is very
concerned about the deficit and debt the
President himself is not in like we are
they are law enforcement the law on law
and order party on the FBI in the end
there seem to be against the FBI now
Republicans all continue this war law
enforcement well Megan McCain criticized
president today for his attacks on her
father John McCain let's
there's a huge fracture in the party
between Trump supporters and non Trump
supporters since the beginning of
Trump's campaign there have been
extremely personal attacks on my family
on my father but everybody knows about
happened just recently had to talk about
on the show I don't like talking about
my dad all the time but he keeps being
brought up in a rally last weekend
he'd there were boos it was elicited by
President Trump at the rally Omega
Makino is there was referring to this
rally in Nashville Tuesday this week
when Trump brought up senator McCain's
vote opposing a Republican effort to
repeal the Affordable Care Act last
summer the crowd booed less watch we had
it done folks it was done and then early
in the morning somebody turned their
hand in the wrong direction
that costs our country a lot you know I
look good you know I bought it for a few
Republicans in my life not many of them
I'm a few over the years and I I don't
think of Trump being a Republican I
think of him more of as a New York
Democrat with some crazy attitudes about
what his job is now i think i mccain is
a classic republican absolutely and he's
an American patriot he's a hero I think
these attacks on him whether whatever
you think about his vote on repealing
the Affordable Care Act he as someone
who has given his life to service in
this country and he does not deserve
this kind of reprehensible attack so why
is he getting it I think the president
who did not serve in Vietnam may resent
the fact that this man has given his
life and service to the country and
certainly doesn't appreciate it the way
he should I've got you here I got a
question to it we've always thought that
would happen with Obama when he is
president and I like to bomb of course
and that John Boehner would come and
meet him at the White House and I'd sit
down to cut a deal sure but by the time
Boehner got in the car and hit the gates
on the way out of White House he got a
call from his chief of staff saying the
freedom caucus is gonna kill you on this
and that's why nothing ever got done no
that's not what happened almost
invariably on the big stuff on the
fiscal stuff yeah is that President
Obama would feel necessary to share it
with Senator Reid Senator Reid would
feel it necessary to tell Senator
Schumer senator schumer would feel it
necessary to tell the New York Times
that blew up every big that chain of
events why did they all do that remain
because they were the leaders of the
party in the Senate he expected them to
vote for whatever compromise he got to
he felt they had to be informed but they
were worried but they were they were
blowing the deal by putting it out that
way they were worried about reelecting
Democratic senators not about President
Obama's legacy or the fiscal situation
that's a pretty incisive attack on the
Democratic Party's lack of cohesion
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
