there is no Republican Party there's a
Trump party the Republican Party is kind
of taking a nap somewhere
chairman still is he nailed it the it's
the party of Trampas Trump party the
Republican Party is in a coma
a self induced coma and and and they
will be there for as long as the
president wants them there because
there's not a man and woman that's in
leadership and by leadership that I'm
not just talk about the Rhines of the
were I'm talking about anyone who has
representative or senator in front of
their name who's prepared to stand up
while in office while serving and say
you sir I've gone too far this is not
who we are this is not what this
country's about and we're going to do
this differently you know make some
money and do something else I'm gonna
give up my seat I'm willing to lose
thank you to to save the kind what's the
higher principle what's the higher goal
one that's the question we ask ourselves
every day because there's there's a lot
of them there and any one of them can
step up I mean you've got the ones who
are retiring and that's great
and now and they're jibber-jabbering and
running their mouths that's fine but
it's not the same as being in the job
and you were what taking news law party
the law and order party and now Trump is
single-handedly appending the whole
apparatus and rule of law in our country
and that will take generations to
recover yeah Paul Ryan is now greenlit
the mob family approach to the Justice
Department fiscal conservatives that's
what I used to hear not so conservative
or the national debt yeah we shut down
the country how many handsomer national
anti-russia Pro allies we're definitely
not Pro allies at the or no no that's
that's a that's a good question you know
it's it's gonna be a desert experience
you know falling back on my religious
training and we're gonna go through that
desert experience where we have to do a
lot of soul-searching and a lot of
thinking about who we are in order to
convince the concern aren't we a party
that tolerates racism and nativism and
isolation Yeah right now yeah right now
but that's not that's not that's not who
we are that's not the kind of Republican
party that I joined it's not the kind of
Republican party I'm willing to fight
for so the question is
how many of you are prepared to stand in
that crucible and say this is who we are
we are a party that believes that
against it depends on what that
Democrats saying that's a hard
that's not hardly because I you know the
Democrats aren't putting anything on the
table who's gonna beat Trump right now
you can't beat something but at some
point Republicans have to decide it's
about stopping Trump I did and I'd do it
again hey there I'm Chris Hayes from
MSNBC thanks for watching MSNBC on
YouTube if you want to keep up to date
with the videos we're putting out you
can click subscribe just below me or
click over on this list to see lots of
other great videos
