I'm obsessed with one of my guests we've
had him back multiple times even though
he says absolutely nothing well that's a
lot of politicians but in this case he
made his first Meet the Press appearance
back in 1998 Tim Russert this is it
the Stanley Cup 105 years old this is
the real thing
the most recognizable trophy in all
professional sports
ladies and gentlemen Lord Stanley's Cup
is back the greatest trophy in sports
made its appearance here today and Meet
the Press studios in a matter of days
the cup will belong to either some team
in Las Vegas and no one heard of before
this year the biggest goal tonight or
your Washington Capitals Rock the red I
sat down with the Stanley Cups handler
Mike bolt earlier today got a little
Stanley Cup 101 its 126 years old
started off this is a ball back in 1893
that's the first plat and you just add
the layers it just started to grow and
in 1947 that was actually more cylinder
stovepipe like and they read
commissioned a guy by the name of Karl
Pearson who was the silversmith to
redesign it and this is the shape he
created it this ring here represents the
first 100 years and then went into the
five tier format this bang goes back to
54 to 66 and it's actually coming off in
the fall when we put our new winner on
I'm not a winner I just will handle the
cup when we present the Stanley Cup the
first fingerprints that said of the
commissioners are the winners yes they
get to slobber beer all over it ice
cream cereal so it does get a little
dirty during the summer so each player
gets it and they can do whatever they
want in the day pretty much yeah I mean
he's long as I keep it respectful but
yeah they get to have a lot of fun we've
had guys take it up a mountain Sidney
Crosby slapped a life jacket on it we
let him go for a ride on his Lake on a
seadoo guys that played road hockey like
they used to do when they were childhood
parades we've taken a golfing fishing
where they put the bait in the bowl
trying to catch every continent we think
it's hit everyone it's never been south
of the Equator now if there is a player
on the Capitol's it's from Australia so
there's a chance it might get to go to
Australia and go on the the southern
hemisphere well of course it's going to
Australia because the caps are gonna win
Game three is Saturday night 8 PN on the
NBC Sports Network but no matter who
wins the cup something tells me it was
Meet the Press team that won the biggest
look at this we had a line of people for
about an hour today waiting to be
photographed with Lord Stanley's Cup
we'll be right back
hello youtubers if you're watching this
it means you've checked out our channel
so thank you now do me a favor subscribe
by clicking on that button down there
click on any of the videos to watch the
latest interviews and highlights from
MTV daily and MSNBC you get more Meet
the Press content every morning and the
first read newsletter if you're tired of
content that you don't know anything
about where it came from you don't have
to have that problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
