we are also getting a dramatic new look
into what happened on a big deal day
back in 2016 when then president elect
Trump visited then President Obama in
the Oval Office remember this
it happened just days after Donald
Trump's upset victory and now a new
memoir from one of President Obama's top
national security officials takes us
inside that room former President Obama
unplugged and unfiltered revealing two
top aides how he came to grips with
Donald Trump's upset victory in 2016 and
I promise you that I will not let you
down Ben Rhodes in his new book the
world as it is describing a conversation
with his then boss not long after the
election rioting President Obama's
second guest himself wondering what if
we were wrong later asking aloud whether
his agenda backfired in red states
saying maybe we pushed too far
maybe people just want to fall back into
their tribe mr. president it was a great
honor being with you and I look forward
to being with you many many more times
roads
the former deputy national security
adviser also shares details about that
one and only oval office meeting between
the president and president-elect during
their quote long amiable private
discussion not caught on camera Rhodes
writes President Trump repeatedly
steered the conversation back to the
size of his rallies noting that he and
Obama could draw big crowds but Hillary
Clinton could not joining me now is
Peter Baker chief White House
correspondent for New York Times at an
MSNBC political analyst and Peter I know
you've been writing about this book and
what you learned from it there's a
moment where you write about the
conversation that then President Obama
had with officials after that oval
office meeting quote afterward mr. Obama
called a few aides to the Oval Office to
ruminate on the encounter I'm trying to
place him in American history
he said he peddles Bull mr. Rhodes
answered that character has always been
part of the American story you can see
it right back to some of the characters
and Huckleberry Finn maybe mr. Obama
answered that is the best we can hope
for Peter talk to us about you learn
from this about those first few days
after November 8th 2016
well it's interesting because we haven't
really seen much of an inside account of
what President Obama was personally
thinking at that point he gave me a
couple interviews after the election in
which he talked about it but really he's
a restrained individual he doesn't sort
of showcase his his emotions the way his
successor does so we were left until
this moment basically when Ben Rhodes
gives us in this book a little bit more
of a window into how he responded and
remember for Obama this is a huge
repudiation in effect by the American
public that had elected him twice the
public that elected him twice chose as
his successor somebody who had denied
his very birth who instead he hadn't
been born in the United States who
seemed to traffic in racially charged
politics of the kind that President
Obama had hoped was behind us so for him
this was a very clearly you know a
painful moment a moment where he was
trying to process what it all meant it
one point he said maybe I came along to
a ten or twenty years too early so I
think that that's an interesting
portrait of a president trying to
grapple with this kind of you know sort
of defeat that was through proxy he
didn't lose himself but it was in effect
a defeat for him and Peter you also had
Ben Rhodes talking about the rush
investigation and saying that neither he
nor the president knew there was an
active investigation into potential
contacts between the Trump campaign
Russia do that is that did you buy that
is that hold water to you what else you
learn about how President Obama handled
the rush issue well I think that you
know it's actually the Ben Rhodes
doesn't give any regrets or any
suggestions that they couldn't have done
or should have done things differently a
lot of Democrats a lot of former Obama
aides think that the president should
have done more in that fall of 2016 to
alert the public yes there was a
statement by the intelligence chiefs and
yes it was it was talked about somewhat
but they felt like the president should
have done more to counter the Russian
influence and that he allowed that to to
go unchecked in effect
brenn Rhodes defends him by saying
basically in a look you know what were
they to do if they did that president
Trump then candidate Trump would have
called it a attempt to win the election
he would have he was already out there
threatening that line of argument and
they felt hamstrung by Republican
senator Mitch McConnell who wouldn't go
along with a bipartisan statement but
but it's interesting that there's not a
lot of regret in there even though
there's a lot of criticism of President
Obama's handling of it well you Peter
you make the point and I want to bring
Aaron and Alexia in here that we don't
often see
Barack Obama coming out and speaking out
or what the Iran deal for example was a
notable exception to that he has come
out at certain times but here's what he
said in his last broadcast interview as
president I would advise my Republican
friends in Congress and supporters
around the country is just make sure
that as we go forward certain norms
certain institutional traditions don't
get eroded mmm how do you think Barack
Obama feels now Aaron pretty
disappointed I and I don't think it's
totally been for lack of trying I think
that Republicans have in large part been
kind of neutered by this presidency when
they have pushed back he's pushed the
president's pushed back even harder
they've seen their approval ratings with
the Republican base decline as a result
of that and because of that they become
gun-shy over the last several months and
so when the president does something
that they all believe is probably out of
bounds most notably recently probably
being the whole Spygate narrative they
don't feel like they can speak out they
don't feel like it does any good they
feel like it's actually counteractive
when they try to do something like that
so what the president what President
Obama saw potentially happening has come
to fruition now but he did speak out
after the for example the Iran deal and
I wonder if when you talked to former
Obama world folks what they tell you
when it comes to what they're most
concerned about now is it foreign policy
is it the former president's legacy
where is it what they're concerned about
most is whether President Trump gets
reelected you know I was talking to
yesterday with some former Obama people
in fact and they you know they're
sorting they're struggling with this
idea of you know what's better for the
country is it better that the that that
they get a Newton North Korea deal for
instance where the better that they that
Donald Trump fail and because you don't
want anything that would happen that
would give them an argument for a second
term and it's an interesting place the
Democrats are in right now because they
they see the possible blue wave for a
house election victory this fall but
we've seen twice under Bill Clinton and
Barack Obama midterm elections go badly
for the incumbent president and yet they
still win re-election so there's they're
struggling with this idea that Donald
Trump is not necessarily a one-term
phenomenon he could very well be present
for eight years thank you for checking
out our youtube channel why don't you
subscribe it's really easy just click on
that button down there and for more news
from MSNBC click on any of these videos
here for the latest interviews and
highlights you can get more videos from
MSNBC with our newsletters head over to
msnbc.com slash newsletters to sign up
