the President on Air Force One just
landing and telling the press on that on
that flight that he's considering
several other either pardons or
commutations not doing this according to
the normal process which is a Justice
Department review and a recommendation
to the White House Council but seems to
be very ad hoc and he's now talking
about Martha Stewart who was prosecuted
by none other than James Comey and also
Illinois governor Rod Blagojevich who
was prosecuted by Patrick Fitzgerald a
protege and friend of commis in the
Justice Department what's going on here
yeah well Andrea the law gives the
president the authority and the power to
to issue pardons to commute sentences at
his own personal discretion and so there
is a process a formal process at the
Department of Justice to review pardoned
applications and go through a sort of
bureaucratic process but that did not
happen in the case of Dinesh D'Souza
it's probably I assume that's not
happening right now in the case of Rob
Blagojevich or or Martha Stewart these
are people that have come to the
president's attention that he feels
personally have either been mistreated
by the justice system or sentence for
crimes for too long of a punishment
according to their crimes and feels like
he wants to act to help them if they
were a first part in he issued was last
year for Maricopa County Sheriff who had
been a campaign trail supporter of
president Trump's he seems to be trying
to to part in people who he's close to
politically who are icons for his base
dinesh d'souza a very prominent
conservative commentator who got to know
president Trump years ago at Trump Tower
well before Donald Trump ran for
president there's a relationship there
and and so you he's making these
decisions politically and personally as
opposed to through a formal process at
the DOJ
now you've already had scooter libby and
joe arpaio yeah first of all to both of
you Phil first to you is this a signal
to some of his associates who are under
investigation
some have been indicted sin of have cop
please we're talking about Michael Flynn
of course Rick gates and the Matta fort
Michael Kohn Investigations
mana for having been indicted Michael
cone under investigation I mean
absolutely okay so so this is not very
subtle well you know I don't know
whether the president intended it to be
a signal to the people who are ensnared
in the Moller investigation but it
certainly is being interpreted that way
I talked to a number of people in
Trump's orbit this morning about what
sort of signal they said and they
volunteered that this is a signal
straight to Michael Flynn who has
pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI is
now cooperating with the Moller probe
and it's a signal from trump that he's
willing to pardon people outside of the
formal process at the Department of
Justice for very similar crimes to those
that Flynn and man afford and
potentially others will be accused of
and Kristen Welker there's a lot of
other information that's coming to us
fast and furious off of this interview
that the President did with the press
having brought them up to the front of
the plane apparently which is highly
unusual as you know better than anyone
talking about first of all that first
lady Melania is in great shape for
covering from surgery he says but who
was he speaking to in the White House or
outside of the White House about all of
these Pardons and commutations that he
seems to be considering well that's
really the key question Andrea because
we put that question directly to deputy
press secretary Raj Shah was this on the
recommendation of the Justice Department
and Raj Shah sort of batting that
question away and saying he wasn't going
to get into the process but clearly he's
been talking to close advisers inside
and outside of the White House to that
broader question Andrea is this a signal
to people not only like Michael Flynn
but Michael Cohen who's of course
embroiled in the stormy Daniels
controversy as well and there's some
real concern inside the president's
inner circles that Michael Cohen could
ultimately wind up cooperating with
federal investigators Raj Shah said this
he said this is not meant to be a signal
each of the president's actions on
pardons or on other things should be
judged on their own merits so that is
the official line coming here from the
administration
even though as Phil rightfully points
out there is undoubtedly a message that
is being sent to a lot of people with
these pardons
hey there I'm Chris Hayes from MSNBC
thanks for watching MSNBC on youtube if
you want to keep up to date with the
videos we're putting out you can click
subscribe just below me or click over on
this list to see lots of other great
videos
