get to our top story the special council
in the Russia investigation has
reportedly obtained more information
about potential obstruction of justice
the New York Times reports that former
FBI deputy director Andrew McCabe
provided Robert Muller's team with a
secret memo he wrote fearing a cover
story had been hatched for the firing of
James come in Michael Schmitt you're
part of the reporting team on this story
take us through what we know so far so
in the days after Kobe's fire there are
these discussions between Brad
Rosenstein and Andrew McCabe who's
running the FBI at the time and
Rosenstein says that Trump wanted him to
include Russia in the letter McCabe
obviously unnerved by this following
commis you know what he had done writes
a memo about this gives it to Muller the
question is was Rosenstein saying Trump
said don't put say say I'm firing you
because of the Russian investigation
because you're looking at my campaign or
was he saying
put in the letter that I was not under
investigation in the Russia an
investigation and thank you for telling
me three times that I was not in her
life yeah that's that's again what we
don't know that certainly would fit
everything that happened in the weeks
beforehand that he was obsessed with
Comey telling him you are not a part of
our Russian investigation Comey had time
and time again at congressional hearings
to say that the president wasn't under
investigation and he would not do that
he was telling Trump this in private but
he would not do it publicly Trump called
him several times Comey told Trump to go
through the Justice Department on this
issue Comey was very concerned about
being out there on his own again coming
off of the election he didn't want to go
that far
interestingly as Comey said on his book
tour the FBI general counsel at the time
disagreed with commis assessment that
Trump was not under investigation the
general counsel actually thought that
Trump because he was in charge of the
campaign and they were looking at the
campaign was part of the investing
there's been an ongoing obsession with
him
was part of the Russian investigation
and nobody's been able to tell him
definitively you're not part of the
investigation but of course at the same
time they don't have a smoking gun too
suggested be it at the center of an
invite I mean it has been Markey from
the very beginning and even now well
there's some suggestion that he is not
definitively part of the Russian
investigation for collusion because they
still don't know what Paul Manafort is
going to say so how can they make that
determination
the president's former lawyer John Dowd
came back and told him right before he
was fired back this spring that Muller
said he was not a target of the
investigation he was just a subject
right he was part of the group of folks
whose behavior was being looked at but
there was no plans to charge him in that
sense that the people from the some
folks account the president was very
happy to hear that right he was not a
target that gave him some comfort but
obviously since then he has not had a
lot of comfort because he's lashed out a
lot of well and that's the interesting
thing is that maybe even as Rudy
Giuliani's running around saying that
he's not part of the investigation that
Donald Trump continues to just lose his
mind
every day on Twitter yeah I mean he
won't stop talking about including
yesterday Michael that the timing of
this makes sense that the McCabe's
letter because if you think about the
other statements that President Trump
made right around there in May 2017 I
think was May 11th the interview with
Lester Holt where he said and fired
Comey because of quote this Russia thing
and then that oval office meeting with
the Russian diplomats where he said I've
relieved some of the pressure off our
relationship getting the Russia thing
off the table is there a molar has this
memo right now what does it tell you
about Muller's investigation where he's
looking specifically it shows the sort
of depth and breadth of the obstruction
questions you know there are the Comey
questions there are also the sessions
questions but the other issue here which
we haven't really even touched on is the
fact that rosen Stein is the person
overseeing the investigation so we're
talking about his behavior as part of
the Comey firing which led to Muller
being appointed Rosenstein overseeing
all that still today
in the hotseat a lot because of that so
you mentioned sessions President Trump
went to bed last night with the US
Attorney General on his mind always
obsession tweeting a quotation at 11:21
last night Eastern Time the recusal of
Jeff Sessions was an unforced betrayal
of the President of the United States
you know what come on Joe dejenne of a
former US Attorney just appeared on Fox
News thanks that's amazing just let that
sit for a second sessions was spotted
leaving the White House yesterday after
president sig singled him by the way by
the way baby
I'm sorry mr. Wrather where does where
does Joe - Jennifer go after Donald
Trump leaves to get any part of his
reputation Joe - Victor Geneva would be
the only attorney in the United States
of America that would probably have the
audacity to go on television and say
that Jeff Sessions had any other choice
legally or ethically but to recuse
himself from an investigation that he
was a part of because of troubling
testimony he gave on Capitol Hill again
it's you just wonder how how low will
these people go how much will they
decline themselves just so Donald Trump
will watch them on Fox News and throw a
tweet up this by the way for people at
home this is not a close call this is a
guy rounding third base a catcher
standing at home like this with the ball
the guy walking up and tagging them you
talked to any lawyer in your hometown
that that you trust
that's nonpartisan and asked if Jeff
Sessions had any choice but to recuse
himself the answer clearly no he had no
choice and Joe digenova and Donald J
Trump
but clowning themselves and once again
making a mockery of ethics and the rule
of law no it's very look it's
interesting that both sessions in
Rosenstein whatever all sessions has
done on immigration on criminal
sentencing things that we mean
agree with on this issue he's gone
absolutely by the book in terms of
recusing himself and Rosenstein handling
it and all the rest of it and so the one
question is does Trump actually
understand how recusal works and why has
recused himself or does he simply think
sections work for him works for so you
can get better but then you have as you
say people out there basically
piggybacking on this destroying their
own reputations Jeff Sessions as he saw
Michael Cohen somebody got used yes sir
and then throw away but but somebody who
would do exactly what he said because he
worked for him yeah boss I love you both
so the fact that Trump doesn't
understand how it works there's no
excuse for people like showed agenda but
not understanding how it works and so
you've got all these people out there
who are gonna have problems with getting
their reputations back --lens maybe
you'd find that person on Capitol Hill
well you know that you know who that
person was that that Donald Trump said
was the smartest greatest senator he and
everybody around him said perhaps the
smartest person they ever met told him
he could have any cabinet position that
he wanted it's none other than Jeff they
both said was the smartest man in all of
Washington DC and he was brilliant up
until the moment he actually did what
every attorney in America would have to
do ethically which has turned out to be
an original sin apparently Wow from this
president and you know Michael Schmidt I
actually wasn't detailing your story I
mean this this makes it seem as though
Rosenstein mccabe was worried that
Rosenstein was actually covering for the
president that there was a fight between
the cave and Rosenstein that suggests
maybe Rosenstein actually has the
president's back more than certainly the
president seems to perceive it is that
what you're reporting certainly at the
time but there's so much that has
happened with Rosenstein since then and
some people think that it shows that
Rosenstein is independent and willing to
let muller go and do what he wants to do
or things more recently with this
confidential source where Rosenstein
meant to the president's desires asked
the inspector general to look into these
accusations that there was a spy in the
campaign when Rosenstein knew that that
wasn't true he has had this incredibly
difficult position to thread between
trying to keep the president at bay and
protecting the muller investigation the
good news for sessions is by recusing
himself he was able to go off and I
think was in Bulgaria last week and some
trip all right thanks for checking out
MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching
