you know this already but there's still
more news rudy guiliani says he has
repeatedly counseled president trump not
to fire the Attorney General despite the
president's very public anger at Jeff
Sessions over his decision to take
himself out of the Russia investigation
jonathan Lemire our friend at The
Associated Press reports quote Rudy
Giuliani told The Associated Press on
Wednesday the Trump has asked him
multiple times before and after the
former New York City Mayor joined the
president's legal team last month about
whether sessions should have been fired
quote I don't think the president should
do it and I've told him so said Giuliani
Giuliani said Trump consulted him last
summer during the height of his rage
about sessions recusal and that's saying
a lot more recently he said Trump has
not actively considered firing sessions
now as we mentioned earlier President
Trump wrote on Twitter today that he
wished he had picked somebody else for
the job and just last night the New York
Times broke the news that in March of
2017 President Trump told sessions he
should reverse his decision to recuse
himself put himself back in charge of
the Russia investigation The Times also
reports Robert Muller is investigating
all of it well for more I'm joined by
the aforementioned Jonathan Lemire White
House reporter for The Associated Press
and we welcome to our broadcast
Nelson Cunningham a former federal
prosecutor who worked under Rudy
Giuliani and alongside James Comey among
other greats he is also the former
general counsel at the White House
office of administration under President
Obama Jonathan I'd like to begin with
you and I'd like to be more elegant than
this but tell us what else Rudy said to
you well Brian good to see you
yes I spoke to the former mayor of New
York City earlier today he did say
that's and it's very clear for his
conversations how much the president
Trump's anger at Jeff Sessions remains
unabated more than a year after sessions
decision to recuse himself he told me
that yes back the height of the
president's anger last summer when he
was actively considering firing the
Attorney General he was consulting a
number of outside allies and advisors as
to what to do one of them being Rudy
Giuliani and then again more recently
more though not in a sense of like I'm
going to fire the Attorney General now
but rather
in a Looking Backward saying like should
I have done it then but this is a moment
where it does seem it doesn't happen
often where President Trump is bending
to the political realities right now in
this case by not firing sessions for
three key reasons first of all as we
know the president is always very
mindful of how things plays with his
conservative base and that base likes
Jeff Sessions I think he's getting
things done at the Department of Justice
they prove us secondly a lot of
Republican senators on Capitol Hill
longtime colleagues of Jeff sessions
have said don't fire him he's been loyal
to you and if you if you asked him were
not gonna hold hearings for his
replacement and third and most
importantly is the impact it would have
on the ongoing Russia investigation the
questions of obstruction that it would
raise and at least for now the president
is willing to put up with Jeff Sessions
although I will note as a final thought
the Rudy Giuliani made it clear his
comments to me and again later at the
White House that while says she did not
think sessions would be fired during the
probe he made no such promises for after
the probe all right on that sit elating
note Nelson people who don't like jeff
sessions openly at the time when
sessions recused himself took a look at
it took a look at the law and thought
this guy's doing the right thing
regardless of what you want to say about
him he's doing the right thing he's read
the regs he's taken the advice of
in-house counsel what would have
happened if he had Unruh cused himself
and jumped back into all decisions
regarding Russia well the president
Trump fails to understand and he keeps
on failing to understand that
prosecutors law enforcement officials
live under a set of ethics and a set of
principles their first loyalty are to
those ethics and are to those principles
Jeff Sessions is of course a political
appointee of President Trump's but first
and foremost he's a prosecutor he's a
law enforcement official he made his
decision about recusal based on facts
and on the legal advice he got from
ethics counsel you can't unring do the
facts that underlay the recusal remember
he recused himself because it turned
that he said he'd never spoken to a
Russian and
turned out that he'd spoken to many
Russians during the campaign he
concluded that he'd become part of the
story he had to recuse himself you can't
unring that Bell and therefore he was
right to recuse himself you can't go
backwards on that sort of thing
Jonathan Lemire tonight in the White
House residence where FDR hosted
Churchill where Lyndon Johnson came to
grips with taking the reins of power
there is clearly a light on and a
television on because I've just been
handed this tweet by our president
Donald J Trump guess what it's about it
reads and I quote the recusal of Jeff
Sessions was an unforced betrayal of the
President of the United States quoting
in all caps no less Joe digenova former
US Attorney Jonathan all those good
hefty reasons you cited at the end of
your argument three reasons on why we
shouldn't look for the dismissal those
all may be true confirmation maybe a
dismal outlook in the Senate and yet
here we have this kind of windmill
tilting again yeah the phrase for now in
terms of Jeff Sessions Todd security was
the last thing looms large yes but I
think this is the president more than
anything from blowing off some steam
he's venting he is furious at Jeff
Sessions remember sessions was one of
his first allies he was the first
senator to endorse him then these two
men used to be very close now they
barely speak to each other and in fact
the president has told people around him
he doesn't even want to hear Jeff
Sessions name mention in his presence
he's still so angry with him he clearly
feels betrayed let's remember that
President Donald J Trump has asked
where's my Roy Cohn now his infamous New
York lawyer who would you know he
believed would be loyal to him it would
do anything he asked him to do even a
questionable legality Jeff Sessions here
yes by the book he did the right thing
it tries to depart just as guidelines
that doesn't mean the president's not
going to be angry at him right now
whether it be Rudy Giuliani other
outside advisors others in the White
House Republicans in the building behind
me they are pretty impressed upon the
president don't fire sessions but as we
know with them presidents so mercurial
that could change at any time no matter
the legal jeopardy would put him in so
Nelson here you are first-time guest in
our television home and I'm gonna ask
you that uncomfortable question over
dinner and here it is what inning do you
think we're in in terms of the Muller
investigation and part two of the
question is this what will endgame look
like will it be one of those bound paper
reports handed out to reporters
concurrent with a very sober statement
and maybe an AV presentation by robert
muller or one of his deputies what will
endgame look like to you well I think
we're perhaps in the eighth inning eight
they're okay long in the game people are
heading to the parking lot already all
right it is we've a couple of factors
here for the last several months has
been claimed that there been
negotiations going on between the
special counsels office and the
president's office over the terms of his
interview Rudy Giuliani has been
confirming that in great detail over the
last couple of days today he said he's
been holding Q&A sessions with the
president in the evenings to prepare for
an interview typically that would be the
last stage of a major white-collar
investigation like this one you start at
the outside you get the documents you
speak to the witnesses on the outside
you move in closer and closer to your
Center and then you speak to the main
figures remember that Hillary Clinton's
email investigation ended with her
interview on July 2nd and three days
later Jim Comey had his press release
ending it so we know that the they've
been talking about interviews that
suggests to me that we're moving toward
the end we also reach in the end of the
window in which Muller can realistically
put out a report or conclude his
investigation without being charged with
interfering with the midterms and that's
another principle that all prosecutors
have banged into them don't interfere
with the elections I did a piece in
political last week and this week laying
out some of the ramifications of those
actions in some detail hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
