two and a half weeks June 15th
that is the new deadline for Donald
Trump's lawyers and Michael Cohen's
lawyers to review all of the evidence
obtained by the FBI in raids on Michael
cones home office and hotel room by June
15th Donald Trump and Michael Cohen must
file all of their requests to protect
attorney-client privileged communication
revealed in those documents
Michael Cohen's lawyer today said that's
impossible
he told judge Kimball wood that he has
15 lawyers working full-time on sifting
through all of that evidence he said we
are moving heaven and earth we have
people working all night we have people
sleeping on couches in our offices we
have people who worked all through the
Memorial Day weekend I had an associate
yesterday who felt a tremor in his hand
from lack of sleep I had to send him
home late last night he came back at
7:30 this morning we are working around
the clock judge Kimbell wood was unmoved
federal prosecutors asked for a deadline
of mid-june Michael Cohen's lawyers and
Donald Trump's lawyers asked for a
deadline of mid-july and judge wood said
okay mid June is the day and Michael
Cohen's lifetime he has never been hit
with a bill as big as he is going to
face for having 15 lawyers working
around the clock for several hundred
dollars an hour for each one of them
these are high-priced new york city
lawyers if Michael Cohen had to
reportedly take out a home equity loan
to get the hundred and thirty thousand
dollars to pay off stormy Daniels for
her silence Michael Cohen is going to
have to sell everything he's got to pay
for those 15 lawyers working around the
clock or or he can stop paying them
tomorrow or most of them anyway and
start cooperating with the FBI and with
federal prosecutors and answer all of
their questions about his dealings with
and for Donald Trump and so if you're
Donald
tonight between tweets about Roseanne
Barr what you're really worried about
tonight if you're Donald Trump is how
long will Michael Cohen be able to
continue to pay those 15 high-priced
lawyers setting that deadline was the
primary reason for today's court session
in the Southern District of New York the
other matter under consideration was my
first guest stormy Daniels lawyer
Michael a vanadis request that he be
granted the right to participate in that
legal proceeding to protect stormy
Daniels attorney-client privilege issues
that could arise in the Michael Kohn
investigation as an example of what
Michael avenatti is concerned about he
told the judge about a phone call he got
from a reporter mr. avenatti said your
honor I received a call last week from a
member of the press who asked me to
comment on an audio recording that the
member of the press had evidently heard
it was an audio recording between mr.
Cohen and mr. Davidson my clients former
counsel during that discussion mr.
Davidson disclosed attorney-client
privileged communications that he had
with my client later outside the
courtroom after Michael Cohen's lawyer
admitted that such recordings might
exist Michael avenatti called the
recordings the Trump tapes just like the
Nixon tapes years ago we now have what I
will refer to as the Trump tapes mr.
Ryan admitted that there are audio
recordings that Michael Cohen was taking
for years and that those recordings are
to quote him not only do they exist but
they are under lock and key and some of
them relate to my client and her
attorney-client privileged
communications mr. Cohen and his
attorney mr. Ryan should release all of
those audio recordings to the American
people and to Congress so that they can
be heard by all judge wood told Michael
avenatti that if she did formally grant
him the right to participate in her
courtroom proceedings it would change
his conduct judge wood told mr. Evan
aadhi quote that
means that you would have to stop doing
some things you have been doing if you
participate here you would not be able
to declare your opinion as to mr.
cohen's guilt which you did you would
not be able to give publicity to
documents that are not public it would
change your conduct that is my only
possible role in doing what mr. Cohen's
lawyers want which is to essentially
stop in its tracks your publicity tour
on TV and elsewhere and I say publicity
tour not in a derogatory sense you are
entitled to publicity so long as that is
you I can't stop you unless you are
participating in this matter before me
when Stephen Ryan one of Michael Cohen's
lawyers discussed the audio recordings
that Michael avenatti told the judge
about he said this if we had released
those audio tapes to a reporter it would
have been the biggest story in America
it has not occurred the audio tapes that
we have if any that pertained to him
under lock and key they are controlled
by my law firm the Trump Organization
and the President of the United States
to the extent that there may be a claim
of privilege related to them I am
unaware of any release of an audio file
of this kind
Michael avenatti told the judge that
suspect number one for releasing an
audio recording of a Michael Cohen
conversation was Michael Cohen he told
the judge that the recording the
reporter told him about must have come
quote from mr. Cohen or someone
associated with mr. Cohen who provided
that to the press recently in an effort
to paint a false narrative about my
client or mr. Davidson or for some other
reason Michael avenatti closed his
comments to the judge by reflecting on
the revelation by Michael Cohen's lawyer
in court today that the Michael Cohen
recordings are under lock and key
mr. avenatti told the judge your honor I
will note that now my concerns have been
confirmed mr. Ryan states there are
recordings relating to my client they
are under lock and key he stated that on
the record so that's now
confirmed so that raises considerable
concerns I will digest those concerns we
will move appropriately but if there are
recordings of my clients former counsel
disclosing attorney-client privileged
information that is of significant
concern to me and my client and we will
address that with the government and we
will attempt to arrive at a resolution
your honor and after today's court
session
Michael avenatti filed a motion
withdrawing his request to officially
participate in the evidentiary
proceeding in judge woods courtroom
which judge wood said today quote is a
potential precursor to a criminal trial
if charges are filed against mr. Cohen
thanks for checking out our YouTube
channel subscribe by clicking on the
button below for more from the last word
and the rest of MSNBC click on any of
the videos here to watch the latest
interviews and highlights and you can
get more videos from MSNBC for free
every day with our newsletters just
visit msnbc.com
slash newsletters to sign up now
