the Cohen raid today continues and onset
with me here in New York is Michael
avenatti my Wylie and mike lupica one of
the things that happened in court today
Michael is you know what I want to play
for your benefit is a reference to your
public advocacy for your client the
judge referring to things you've said
like this Michael Cohen has zero
credibility we're gonna prove it this is
a man who has a history of thuggish
behavior there's no question in my mind
that Michael Cohen a is gonna be
indicted within the next three months
he's not a registered lobbyist he hasn't
made required disclosures relating to
lobbying activities we don't know where
this is but it doesn't smell right we
see today the judge said you currently
have the right to make those kind of
statements as most any American does but
if you were more formally involved in
this case you would not be able to speak
to for example your opinion of mr.
Cohen's guilt well that's what she said
and I heard what she said and let me
just say this re I think I listen
carefully and watch carefully I think
everything that I said and every one of
those statements can be backed up and is
proven to be true nothing has been
proven to be false but look all right
this isn't a publicity tour let me tell
you what it is it's a truth tour and
it's going to continue and it's gonna
continue today next week and next month
because we're going to get to the bottom
of what happened here and we're going to
continue to disclose evidence and facts
as necessary for the American people
and they can decide what ultimately
happens with those facts and that
evidence we're not going to change our
tactics we're not going to pack up and
go home we're not going to change our
media strategy it has worked
I think perfectly for the benefit of my
client for her cause and for the benefit
of the American people and what they
want to know as it relates to Michael
Cohen now we that mean that you'll stay
out of speaking in court though because
the judge is implying it's one of the
other well we would drew my motion for
admission pro hac VA cuz it's not
necessary at this point because our
motion to intervene has been tabled by
agreement of the government and us we've
resolved a lot I get excited when you
say Pro Hawk V J yeah I know you do you
know that what you're referring to is
the idea that you would be able to enter
out a state in a case that you otherwise
don't have it records at this point in
time we don't
that motion decided at this juncture so
to clean it up procedurally we would
true the motion and so for the time
being we're going to going to continue
to do what we've done in the past and
we're going to continue to disclose
information and I think we've brought a
lot of information evidence to bear and
I think we further the conversation and
I think your further conversation as
well again in fairness because it's part
of what we do on this show what mr.
Cohen's side says is the quote you've
involved yourself in ways to call
attention to yourself that you've
aggrandized a single attorney quote and
lupica was referring to this quote I've
never seen an attorney conduct himself
in the manner of history over not he has
it shakes me in my boots well I've seen
some of mr. Ryan's conduct in this case
including the buffoonery associated with
announcing Sean Hannity's name publicly
in court as opposed to writing it on a
piece of paper when he was given the
option of doing so which is one of the
dumbest things I've seen any trial do
that in a very long time so look there's
no doubt in my mind that that mr. Ryan
has never seen an attorney conduct
himself in this way but perhaps you
should take some notes
I just occurred to me let's say do you
talk that nobody has been more formally
informally involved with a case in
history than you've been involved in
this with you there Michael when you say
yeah it's okay if I asked him a question
right go ahead when you say this is a
truth tour mm-hmm what is the ultimate
truth of stormy Daniels's case against
Cohen and case against Trump that you
want the American people to know
unqualifiedly at the end of this well I
think let me answer it this way I think
that any and all information relating to
the hundred and thirty thousand dollar
payment to my client where it came from
how it was routed how it was handled
what account it went into is certainly
fair game and should be disclosed
anything and everything relating to this
entity that was originally set up to pay
my client essential consultants LLC and
the bank accounts associated with it
that is all within the realm of what we
believe should be disclosed and let me
ask my is there any danger for other
people around Michael Cohen including
potentially the president if anyone knew
that as alleged they were trying to
destroy material yeah that would be
called it could be aiding and abetting
they may be part of a conspiracy to
construct abstract justice I mean it
depends on the facts and circumstances
but they're there absolutely could be if
there was knowledge beforehand and even
potentially a conspiracy in some
discussion about whether there should be
documents just because I think that's an
interesting part that goes and I'll give
you the last word on this but that goes
to the way you've conducted this case
you've you've obviously been an advocate
for your client in a manner that has put
pressure on other people made them
respond but you don't control and the
media does not control pop you know
contrary to the popular belief in the
White House how those people respond the
fact that there are credible allegations
from the feds that one of the responses
was to potentially either destroy
evidence or they were on the precipice
of doing so is a new crime that is
relevant to your case because it seems
to be in response to things that we're
done with or after in relation to your
client and that sort of seems to be a
big thing that's now hanging over this
case well Ari I think there our approach
to this case and our media exposure and
the publicity that we've generated
around our case has led to a furtherance
of the discussion most certainly a
furtherance of the American people
having access to evidence and documents
and facts about this and I think it is
resulted in considerable additional
information coming to light whether it
be from other corporations that paid
Michael Cohen for access to the
President or otherwise so I think the
benefits have been immeasurable the only
people that don't seem to like it are
Michael Cohen and his attorney and it's
obvious why they don't like it because
they don't want this information out
there they don't want people to know
about it that's why they haven't tried
to get out in front and release the bank
records that's why they haven't released
the audio recordings and that's why
we're continuing to press forward as it
relates to prosecuting our case and
bringing truth to the American people
hey I'm already Melbourne from MSNBC you
can see more of our videos right here or
better yet subscribe to our YouTube
channel below you could have been
anywhere in the world that you're here
with us and we appreciate that
