republican congressman trey gowdy
however a trump supporter who famously
randos notorious Benghazi hearings is
now publicly debunking that presidential
claim last night congressman Gowdy told
Fox News that the FBI was justified and
it uses informant as an informant to
investigate the Trump campaign it was
President Trump himself who said number
one I didn't collude with Russia but if
anyone connected with my campaign did I
want the FBI to find that out it looks
to me like the FBI was doing what
President Trump said I want you to do
find it out I am even more convinced
that the FBI did exactly what my fellow
citizens would want them to do when they
got the information they got and that it
has nothing to do with Donald Trump well
South Carolina congressman Gowdy is one
of several lawmakers out there who met
with top Justice Department and
intelligence officials just six days ago
to review those classified materials
about the FBI's use of a confidential
source and this morning congressman
Gowdy wanted step further in dismantling
president Trump's claim of spying was
there a spy that is not a term I've ever
used in the criminal justice system
undercover informant confidential
informant those are all words I'm
familiar with I've never heard the term
spy use so when the president says spy
gate that's not a there was no spy and
inserted into the campaign have you seen
any evidence of that
I have not that's an espionage term
that's not a law-enforcement term I'm
joining that way Democratic congressman
Eric swallow of california sits on the
House Intelligence Committee besides
propaganda what value to truth is
Trump's constant claim of some spying
that went on to uncover his Russian
connections if there are connections to
be found zero crisps and good evening
and the question here is how many lies
from the president does America have to
keep ringing up until we realize that
the cost is our rule of law and great
that trey Gowdy has come out and said
that there was no spine but why can't
Paul Ryan say it
why can't Mitch McConnell said why can't
Devin Nunez say and as long as they're
not willing to say it they are
accomplices in the president's efforts
to just tour
the rule of law in our country it's time
for them to say it you have I think
you're a normal purse you strike me as a
person who gets along with people
regardless of their politics I once
somebody once said recently Mitch
Landrieu of of New Orleans said don't
let your politics decide who your
friends are fair enough
some people can look like that across
the aisle when you talk to Republicans
do they admit to you that they're
they're basically gagged because of
their fear of this president until they
quit that they don't totally quit hey
Chris my mom and dad are both
Republicans my brothers they're cops
they're Republicans my wife is a Hoosier
and they're all Republicans
I've worked well with Republicans and I
wrote a bill right after the
interference campaign that some
Republicans signed on to to have an
independent commission and I remember
one Republican on the Intelligence
Committee telling me that this person
had gone against President Trump when he
was a candidate and can't afford now to
stick their neck out because it might be
lopped off and that that's that's what
I've heard is it it's either fear or
there are some of them who just see a
president who's willing to dismantle
health care and give tax cuts away to
the wealthiest and why not look the
other way and allow them to do this
their loyalty to the truth ends when it
comes to Trump yes yes and it's a it's a
trade off it's it's that you know what
and we saw this with Mitt Romney
yesterday Chris Mitt Romney said I like
the guys tax policies but I don't think
he's a role model for my grandkids well
the test in America should be if the
President of the United States is not a
role model for your kids or your
grandkids then something's wrong are you
surprised at trey gowdy coming out if
they're over saying that 11 hours
hearing on going after Hillary and
Hillary Clinton on so-called maga
Benghazi whores whatever she was
supposed to have done or not done there
and then he's come out now he was sort
of the other side of the argument and
Natalie's come out and said you know
what all this malarkey had to use a
Biden term all this malarkey about
spying is just that I mean I'm amazed
that his one is 180 or are you not
entirely Chris you know I've worked with
trey behind the scenes pretty well he
was a prosecutor I was a prosecutor and
I think if you're wired that way at some
point you have to just call a spade a
spade and you fall
the evidence and I think if there was
some evidence that there was wrongdoing
he certainly would speak up but there's
and I've seen a lot of the evidence in
this case that launched the
investigation they did everything you
would want them to do and actually if
they didn't launch an investigation that
would have been a problem if the judge
didn't sign off on the FISA application
to look into Carter page that would have
been a problem so I think he's he's
being a prosecutor here hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
