my colleague Gabe Gutierrez is in Puerto
Rico and he joins me now in Gabe let me
start with this first question which is
the death toll number was from this
estimate was a big headline and it was a
dramatic headline how was it received on
the island well Chuck good afternoon
well people here on the island they're
frustrated but they're not altogether
surprised we have been hearing for
months now that the death toll that the
government was officially reporting
really didn't capture the full scope of
the disaster and as you mentioned this
study from Harvard University is an
estimate the researchers admit that but
they also say that it's possible the
death toll could be even higher
thousands of people hire there's really
no where to know no way to know now
local officials here on the island they
have really deflected a lot of the
questions about this new study they say
look they welcome the study they welcome
the input they're waiting on another
study that they commissioned from George
Washington University that's due out
later this summer but they admit that
there is no firm grasp on how many
people died in the aftermath of this
Chuck but what we're seeing right now
the government really is trying to make
a show of how they say they're preparing
for this hurricane season which starts
on Friday we're actually here at a
supply warehouse a FEMA supply warehouse
one of four of them that have sprung up
around this island on each corner of the
island and in this one in particular
there are two million meals 800,000
meals and they say they're working on
distribution plans to get these to the
people that need them during this
hurricane season but there's a lot of
skepticism here Chuck of course there's
a lot of people here still without power
while 95% of the island including the
capital city is reporting power
generation there's still these small
pockets in these mountain communities
that are desperate for power and they
are hearing those numbers that report
from Harvard and today it's validating
what they've known for months as they
see it that the government didn't take
this seriously I want to ask you about
the supply center a minute how many
people are they still trying to get
supplies to how many people are still in
the government's help on different
things
because of Maria how many are still in
puerto rico's sort of displaced maria
victims well a lot of the people would
that were displaced truck from maria
have actually fled to the US mainland
many of tens of thousands if not
hundreds of thousands of found their way
into florida here on the island the
estimates vary depending on who you ask
but the mayor of san juan for example is
said that you know there could be you
know eighty to a hundred thousand people
throughout the island still without
power not many in shelters obviously
because many of them have gone to live
with family members but you know we just
heard today from FEMA officials that you
know there were fifty nine thousand
homes and had blue tarps on them and
they're still working on repairs for
this and now we're heading into this new
hurricane site and then actually the
Commissioner of Public Safety just told
me his name is hector buscetta you said
look this island is electrical grid
simply cannot withstand another massive
hurricane to set it there's there you
know it's not a situation that they can
you know expect the electrical grid is
going to withstand this it's been such a
challenge over the last six to eight
months since the storm they are
preparing that you know a category even
a category one storm could knock out
power to virtually the entire island
again what they're trying to do here is
that they're trying to you know ensure
that they have enough adequate supplies
that you know be it would have then
getting more supplies from the US
mainland this is just seeing you know
these supplies the Holte bulbs are just
a few days here which is a logistical
challenge no no I was just going to say
is there a different battle plan that
FEMA has are they gonna are they gonna
try to put themselves all over the
Caribbean to be more nimble to get
faster response times considering that
Puerto Rico is more vulnerable you're
right with this grid I mean we heard it
really couldn't honestly Maria was big
enough to knock it out the first time so
it's never really fully recovered so a
tropical storm may knock it out is FEMA
gonna handle this differently
that's what they say they say they've
learned a lot of lessons from Hurricane
Maria now what really struck me though I
was talking to a FEMA administrator here
on the island he says in hurricane Maria
FEMA just had at the beginning of it to
several dozen staff members here on the
island this time they say they will have
three thousand personnel you know if
there's a hurricane bearing down on on
Puerto Rico these supply centers and
when I'm standing right now they say
they have four of them now in different
corners of the islands a major storm
does hit in any particular area that you
know they'll be able to bring in
supplies from another area so this they
say they've learned their lessons but of
course the critics you know that the
feel that the federal government or the
local government didn't do enough they
are still they still feel that the
government didn't understand the full
scope of this disaster in that Harvard
study reopened some wounds that are
still lingering I bet it did gaben
frankly your report to me only raises a
lot more questions about the federal
government's interactions in particular
anyway Gabe Gutierrez much appreciate it
thanks for coming on hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meet the press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
youtube subscribe now
