welcome back tonight I'm obsessed with
the relentless pursuit of the truths if
you were watching president Trump's
speech in Nashville last night it was
not easy to find there has never been an
administration that has done what we've
done in the first year and a half
actually he ranks behind other
presidents and passing bills into law
wages for the first time in many many
years are finally going up no wages also
went up during the final years of the
Obama presidency - we passed the largest
tax cuts and reform in American history
not true by either inflation adjusted
dollars or as a percentage of GDP
african-americans vote for Democrats for
the most part you know vast majority
they've been doing it for over a hundred
years please see Voting Rights Act of
1965 fifty-three years ago in the end
Mexico's gonna pay for the water not
according to the President of Mexico
still if you search hard enough you
could mine a few real facts we found a
couple of them this is this state of
country music it's the state of Davy
Crockett I went to Maine I love man we
won two world wars and we put a man on
the face of the Moon all right though
honestly did we really put a man on the
moon I'm just kidding I'm just kidding
one more people are saying it's not true
I'm not saying it's not true but that's
what many people are saying believe me
so there you have it
the truth was out there so is the speech
did they find each other hello youtubers
if you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more meat to press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
