all right mr. Goldman I want to start
with this my entire staff we're all
obsessed with one aspect of this paper
shredder how often in the history of
this other district of New York are you
putting together pieces of shredded
paper to search for for destroyed
evidence well I'm not familiar with any
of from a actual paper shredder but I
had cases there where we had torn up
paper that we found in trash cans and we
put it back together and used it at
trial obviously the natural inference to
think that if something is being
shredded that the person who's shredding
it does not want anyone to see it and
often that can be very good evidence and
the FBI is very good at meticulously
taking the paper shreds so to speak and
putting them back together a shredder it
depends on how good the shredder is I
guess so we'll have to see if they're
able to do that I mean for what it's
worth does that mean does that make that
just that much more of a credible
document in a courtroom you know if
you're able to put together a shredded
document for a defense for somebody you
know being prosecuted is that for a
prosecutor that must be a pretty
impressive piece of evidence or no well
the question is whether he was trying to
destroy the evidence when he learned
they knocked on his door and they were
trying to walk in and he quickly went to
shred a devastating document or whether
it's just ordinary you know business
documents that have identification
information that he has a practice of
shredding so yes if it is something that
he was trying to do very hurriedly as
they were coming in his door then that's
great evidence as you would imagine all
right so you've seen and we hear like
millions of files off of a couple of
cell phones sometimes I know that
numbers get inflated to show so you
could technically there's a millions of
the files but what does that give me a
layman's term a millions of files from
two cell phones means what I was
surprised to hear the daily million
files from two or three of his cell
phones that's a lot of material from a
cell phone that's often what you might
get from a computer with all of the sort
of data and encryption stuff that comes
with a computer
that's that's a lot of documents from
cell phones cell phones just you know by
by way of explanation cell phones are
often the best sources of evidence in
today's day and age as you can imagine
on your smartphone Chuck I'm sure you
have your email you have text you have
an internet searches you use it on a
regular basis and what we found
increasingly since the advent of
smartphones is that's they're often
goldmines for evidence and what's
interesting in particular about this
case is they took Michael Cohen's
cellphones straight from his hand he had
no idea they were coming he was unable
to delete anything so they literally
grabbed it and they imaged it and my
guess is that some of the best evidence
that they are gonna see of ongoing
crimes remember his ongoing crimes but
they could also date back months or even
potentially years because people don't
erase a lot of things from their
cellphones that that may be a treasure
trove of evidence and that's a lot of
material that they last last quick
question
and I apologize for making you answer
quickly if you were in the Southern
District of New York would you find
Michael avenatti an asset or a liability
if I were prosecuting this case right
now in the Southern District of New York
I would probably find him to be a little
bit of a liability in the sense that I
think he is trying to interject himself
in this case where he really doesn't
have a strong reason to be there and
even today after that court hearing
he ended up withdrawing his motion to
intervene in the case so it depends a
lot of it is inside baseball but it
depends on if he's asserting the
privilege of stormy Daniels then that
means that the investigation may be
impaired to get to the bottom of what
actually happened between stormy Daniels
previous attorney and Michael Cohen and
there are allegations that they were
sort of in cahoots but they may not be
able to get to the bottom of that if a
body is involved
Daniel Fishman former US attorney with
the Southern District of New York thank
you very much appreciate you coming on
sharing your views thank you sir thank
you hello youtubers if you're watching
this it means you've checked out our
channel so thank you now do me a favor
subscribe by clicking on that button
down there click on any of the videos to
watch the latest interviews and
highlights from MTV daily and MSNBC you
get more beat the press content every
morning and the first read newsletter if
you're tired of content that you don't
know anything about where it came from
you don't have to have that problem with
us NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mindset right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
