gaud√≠ is quite the person to have
affirming your probe if you're Bob
Muller right now
Sarah Sanders was asked about gaudi's
take on all of this listen to her
response was an interesting
back-and-forth this afternoon and I want
to get all of you guys in on this take a
listen
given what trey gowdy has said is the
president prepared announcer retract his
allegation that the FBI was spying on
his campaign clearly there's still cause
for concern that needs to be looked at
let's not forget that the Deputy
Director of the FBI was actually fired
for misconduct the president's concerned
about the matter and we're gonna
continue to follow the issue now he was
in the briefing he knows what was done
and he is saying these allegations are
baseless again on the Trump campaign
certainly the president feels that there
is cause for concern and it should be
looked at we'd like to see this fully
looked into and we'll continue to follow
that matter to see though that's what
I'm sorry John we're gonna keep moving
hi Amy wow this has been the go-to
strategy from the very beginning which
is we don't want to talk with us about
the specifics we want to make sure that
the entire process itself is tainted and
it's worked among Republicans night it
wasn't just those folks who were at the
rally I was sitting in a focus group you
guys talked about this most recently
Peter Hart is focus group for Emory
University outside of Milwaukee the
Republicans in that room parodied pretty
much all of trumps talking points on
Muller including using the word
witch-hunt so it has worked very
effectively
I don't think Gowdy coming out today or
yesterday with indications that this was
indeed aboveboard that the FBI should be
believed is going to make a whit of
difference with those voters it's done
that the the ground they've done a very
good effective job of seeding the ground
watering it and it's spread it up I mean
there's people that I know and work with
very closely in this town who have said
they found themselves starting to
believe there's nefarious things
happening at the FBI so it's working all
over America yeah it is and and that has
been the plan from day one to sow that
seed and as you said Amy to continue to
water and
germinates and now that is germinating
they're cultivating the narrative is
exactly what Trump wants to get out
there that there's no collusion this is
a witch-hunt those those words those
keywords and to the point and to the
extent that his base can parrot that
that's one thing but then when it gets
beyond the base and that's the ultimate
goal of the repetition to just so just a
little bit of seed of doubt just enough
so the American people go when they hear
the report from Muller when they hear
the pushback from even folks like trey
gowdy they go well that doesn't seem
quite right they begin to doubt the
facts as those facts are revealed to
them Aneta as just a communications
professional do you think the president
has already successfully inoculated
himself from the worst that Muller could
could could find I think he has with his
base the problem is that his base is
still only his base and it's not the
country so far as a trunk it hasn't
shrunk but it hasn't grown okay okay and
that is it and that many of those people
who voted for him who were independents
who were kind of like a lesser of two
evils are indeed people that he's not
reaching with this and I think that
you've seen this and and the other thing
that you see Chuck very clearly as you
go around the country is that every time
he says no collusion exclamation point
right that it excites the Democratic
base even more so and so this is this is
actually it's a tale of two bases and
it's a base and one of the things that
we learned in the Obama administration
of course you can't transfer your
personal popularity in a midterm
election and that's an interesting point
here look Gowdy I want to play something
else here Gowdy Gaddy brings up a point
that I have wondered why it isn't a more
effective talking point among those that
are trying to convince people that about
the president which is why does any act
innocence well that's that memo out last
week saying we've been - hey you guys we
did a lot of polling hint-hint just
talked about the number of actual
indictments the number of actual guilty
pleas if there was no there there then
you wouldn't get these but what
Democrats do is they go down and Trump
is really good at getting them to do
this to go down this rabbit hole and
start talking about
he's obstruct
this because he doesn't believe in the
rule of law and it's Nazi Germany and
we're headed into this disaster and
they'd be better off just going what are
you afraid of right hello youtubers if
you're watching this it means you've
checked out our channel so thank you now
do me a favor subscribe by clicking on
that button down there click on any of
the videos to watch the latest
interviews and highlights from MTV daily
and MSNBC you get more be two press
content every morning and the first read
newsletter if you're tired of content
that you don't know anything about where
it came from you don't have to have that
problem with us
NBC News MSNBC MTP and the Meet the
Press mind set right here for you on
YouTube subscribe now
