let's talk about what happened yesterday
between Roseanne Barr ABC and Valerie
Jarrett Scott Galloway writes when
Disney CEO discovers content that tears
at the fabric of society on his platform
he cancels the show forgoing hundreds of
millions of dollars when content rips at
the fabric of the United States
discovered on Facebook sucks
silent apology tour he says there will
always be bad actors do you agree that
Bob iger's a hero here yeah I completely
agree with Scott Galloway's entire
analysis of Bob Iger is a hero as are
many other wood stalkers who seem to
have awakened as CEOs whereas the
Millennials seem to be caught up many of
them in this bro culture as he as Scott
has mentioned of course Mark Zuckerberg
we could take a look at you know
parallel problems of course that have
plagued others from Buber uber and
elsewhere and it's a it's it's Fanta who
would have thought we would turn to the
American business community these
pillars of establishment as our moral
backbone but isn't that creating some
confusion here for those who are saying
it's all about freedom of speech Bob
Iger is the CEO of a company if I want
to exert my freedom of speech I can go
too well I'm unemployed I can go to
Fifth Avenue and shout whatever I want
but while I work for a company I have to
adhere to their corporate values and
that's the case that happened here with
Disney and that's sort of the confusion
around what free speeches you're not
going to go to jail but you sure as heck
might get fired and he's think about you
know her as a hero I suppose but I mean
he's also looking at his bottom line
he's looking at the kind of the
demographic shifts and who his consumers
will be he's looking at what the
billions of dollars the billion dollars
that Black Panther has just made him
he's looking at how his programming
that's appealing to a diverse audience
he understands he might make some money
in the short term with Roseanne but he
understands the long term implications
for his brand if he stays with so we can
make it as if he's making a moral
decision of course I'm sure he was but
there's also a business calculation
involved here but I think it's important
to say that those people who are trying
to justify Roseanne bars comments by way
of the free speech argument this is why
some of us attribute to those people
at faith that you're really not
defending free speech you're defending
your right to be obnoxious you are
defending your right to be bigoted to be
bigoted and racist now mind you under
the First Amendment you can say what you
can say on Fifth Avenue as you rightly
say but you can be held accountable for
it you can so I have the freedom you
call me the n-word I have the freedom to
confront you for doing so right and so
here she has the free speech of course
if she was on Fifth Avenue to to speak
her mind and she has we had she has also
to accept the responsibility of being
held accountable for what she said and
she has now lost I think that's all
exactly right except I would disagree
with Eddie on a little bit of a nuance
there if it's okay Stephanie is that
this was not such an obvious decision
for any CEO it's may be obvious for
Disney witch so copiously carefully
protects this brand but Eddie if you
take a look in I don't know Adult Swim
or take a look at comedy comedy central
South Park and did you know in a single
episode of South Park they use the
n-word 41 times uncensored or you look
at the unbelievably offensive racist the
Book of Mormon the cognoscenti loves on
Broadway is that you're plenty of media
executives who make different decisions
here and don't seem to suffer economic
consequences or moral outrage but Bob
Iger has a moral backbone and I think
his character should be celebrated but
Bob Iger
made a different moral decision when he
brought Roseanne Barr back because this
is not the first time she's tweeted
something racist according to multiple
media outlets in a now-deleted 2013 post
she tweeted about Susan Rice I'm not
even going to read it but it is just as
vile and offensive as what she said
about Valerie Jarrett and ABC chose to
reboot that show so he may have made a
moral decision yesterday but take us
back a few months he made a different
decision well if you could look back yet
what they they tried to do they had a
commitment from her that she wouldn't be
tweeting that she would not be throwing
out the device of hostile abusive
comments and some of that material also
by the way hadn't surfaced as much I
think two Disney executives something
but that you're certainly they're not
bringing up Andrew Dice Clay or
or some of these other really divisive
characters in the media world who have
fallen I think they wanted to capture
somebody away from the coast somebody
who was hitting the middle of the
country and their idea was to get
somebody who they knew was a pro Trump
political conservative but a political
servant is not necessarily equated with
being a bigot and that's what they
thought they had when they saw they had
something different and seconds they
made a decision universities who took
years to make a decision on rescinding
Bill Cosby's degree some of them took a
week even after his criminal conviction
here Disney within a half an hour made a
decision there's some cast members and a
prominent producer Wanda Sykes was who
was who was quitting Disney had already
made the decision already told the
Roseanne Barr that the show was
cancelled even before these folks were
waking up but also the people to
apologize to you can take the liberal
elite media whatever you want to call it
aside because I don't think they were
ever watching her show but Roseanne Barr
had and has a huge following across
America for people who don't want to
hear from New York and LA and in what
she did yesterday she hurt those people
and think about the hundreds of people
who are employed by her show the writers
the camera people the stagehands who
need this job so Eddie she's apologized
so there you go 22 million bucks is the
cost of ABC do you buy it she's saying
I'm apologizing do you accept the
apology a--the at reasonable people
if someone apologizes we accept their
apology what do we make of the fact that
she's trying to apologize now you know
what I think about it as it's it's often
the case that we find ourselves having
to accept the apology of of white folks
who reveal that they have they have
racist beliefs and we're supposed to
exercise this superordinate moral gene
and somehow forgive them when they
reveal what they what they actually
believe and you know there's an old
african-american sand when people show
you who they are believe them she got it
from the long tradition that we come out
of and so what's interesting here it's
easy to condemn what Rose Roseanne Barr
did yesterday that
easy it's easy for us to show ourselves
who show that we are at these moral
actors and that we can condemn what's
not so easy is to condemn all of those
actions underneath all of those
day-to-day choices that reproduce
inequality in this country that make
what Roseanne Barr said yesterday
possible we got so much more work to do
than just simply accepting the apology
of the latest racist rant by someone or
we can accept really great the way the
way Disney is actually taken up on that
Eddy and that their senior ranks have
such diversity also make it does it make
I think an informed decision here really
really matter but institutional trust is
really their most valuable asset and
they seem to know that hey there I'm
Chris Hayes from MSNBC thanks for
watching MSNBC on YouTube if you want to
keep up to date with the videos we're
putting out you can click Subscribe just
below me or click over on this list to
see lots of other great videos
